Word	cs
aaaaaaah	aaaaaaah
aaaah	NO TRANSLATION
aardvark	aardvark
aback	překvapení
abacus	počitadlo
abalone	ušeň
abandon	opustit
abandoned	opuštěný
abandonment	opuštění
abashed	v rozpacích
abate	snížit
abatement	snížení
abba	abba
abbey	opatství
abbot	opat
abbreviate	zkrátit
abbreviation	zkratka
abdomen	břicho
abdominal	břišní
abduct	unést
abduction	únos
aberrant	aberantní
aberration	aberace
abeyance	suspenze
abhor	hnusit si
abhorrence	odcizení
abhorrent	odporný
abide	dodržujte
abiding	trvalý
ability	schopnost
abject	abject
ablation	ablace
ablaze	ohněm
able	schopný
abnormal	abnormální
abnormality	abnormalita
aboard	na palubě
abode	příbytek
abolish	zrušit
abolition	zrušení
abominable	odporný
abominate	hnusit si
abomination	ohavnost
aboriginal	domorodý
abort	přerušit
abortion	potrat
abortive	neúspěšný
abound	obrovské množství
abovementioned	výše zmíněné
abracadabra	abracadabra
abrasion	oděru
abrasive	abrazivní
abreast	poblíž
abroad	do zahraničí
abrogate	zrušit
abrupt	náhlý
abruptly	náhle
abscess	absces
absence	absence
absent	chybí
absentee	absentující
absenteeism	absentérství
absinthe	absint
absolute	absolutní
absolution	rozhřešení
absolve	osvobodit
absorb	absorbovat
absorbed	absorbováno
absorbent	savý
absorbing	absorbující
absorption	vstřebávání
abstain	zdržet se
abstention	zdržení se hlasování
abstinence	abstinence
abstract	abstraktní
abstraction	abstrakce
absurd	absurdní
absurdity	nesmyslnost
abundance	hojnost
abundant	bohatý
abuse	zneužívání
abused	zneužíváno
abusive	zneužívající
abutment	opěra
aby	NO TRANSLATION
abysmal	propastný
abyss	propast
academic	akademický
academy	akademie
accede	přistoupit
accelerant	akcelerátor
accelerate	urychlit
accelerated	zrychlený
acceleration	akcelerace
accelerator	plynový pedál
accent	přízvuk
accentuate	zdůraznit
accept	akceptovat
acceptable	přijatelný
acceptance	přijetí
acceptances	přijetí
access	přístup
accessible	přístupné
accession	přistoupení
accessory	doplněk
accident	nehoda
accidental	náhodný
accidentally	náhodou
acclaim	pozdravovat
accolade	ocenění
accommodate	ubytovat
accommodation	ubytování
accompaniment	doprovod
accompany	doprovázet
accompanying	doprovázející
accomplice	spolupachatel
accomplish	dosáhnout
accomplished	dokonalý
accomplishment	dosažení
accord	souhlas
accordance	souladu
accordion	akordeon
account	účet
accountability	odpovědnost
accountable	odpovědný
accountant	účetní
accounting	účetnictví
accounts	účty
accredited	akreditovat, pověřit, zplnomocnit
accretion	akrece
accrue	nárůst
accueil	NO TRANSLATION
accumulate	akumulovat
accumulation	akumulace
accuracy	přesnost
accurate	přesný
accursed	prokletý
accusation	obvinění
accusative	akuzativ
accuse	obvinit
accused	obžalovaný
accuser	žalobce
accusing	obvinění
accustomed	zvyklý
ace	eso
acetic	octové
acetylene	acetylén
ache	bolest
achieve	dosáhnout
achieved	dosaženo
achievement	úspěch
aching	bolest
achy	achy
acid	kyselina
acidity	kyselost
acknowledge	potvrdit
acknowledged	uznal
acknowledgement	potvrzení
acknowledgment	potvrzení
acme	vrchol
acne	akné
acorn	žalud
acoustic	akustický
acoustics	akustika
acquaint	seznámit
acquaintance	známost
acquainted	seznámit se
acquiescence	souhlas
acquire	získat
acquiring	získání
acquisition	získávání
acquisitions	akvizic
acquit	osvobození
acquittal	osvobození
acre	akr
acreage	výměra
acres	akrů
acrobat	akrobat
acrylic	akryl
act	akt
acting	herectví
action	akce
action figure	akční figurka
actionable	akční
activate	aktivovat
activation	aktivace
active	aktivní
activist	aktivista
activity	aktivita
actor	herec
actress	herečka
actual	aktuální
actuality	skutečnost
actuary	pojistný matematik
acuity	ostrost
acumen	prozíravost
acupuncture	akupunktura
acute	akutní
acutely	akutně
ad	inzerát
adage	pořekadlo
adamant	neústupný
adapt	přizpůsobit
adaptable	adaptabilní
adaptation	přizpůsobování
add	přidat
added	přidal
addendum	dodatek
adder	zmije
addict	narkoman
addicted	závislý
addiction	závislost
addictive	návykové
addition	přidání
additional	další
additive	přísada
address	adresa
addressee	adresát
addresses	adresy
adept	adept
adequacy	přiměřenost
adequate	odpovídající
adhere	dodržovat
adherence	adherence
adherent	přichycený
adhering	adhering
adhesion	přilnavost
adhesive	lepidlo
adieu	adieu
adipose	tukové
adjacency	sousedství
adjacent	přilehlý
adjective	přídavné jméno
adjoining	sousedící
adjourn	odložit
adjournment	odročení
adjudicate	rozhodnout
adjudication	rozhodnutí
adjunct	doplněk
adjust	upravit
adjuster	nastavovač
adjustment	nastavení
adjuvant	adjuvans
admin	admin
administer	spravovat
administration	správa
administrative	správní
administrator	správce
admirable	obdivuhodný
admiral	admirál
admiralty	admiralita
admiration	obdiv
admire	obdivovat
admired	obdivovaný
admirer	obdivovatel
admiring	obdivovat
admissibility	přípustnost
admissible	přípustné
admission	přijetí
admit	připustit
admittance	vstup
admitted	připustil
admitting	přiznávání
admixture	přísada
admonition	napomenutí
ado	ado
adobe	adobe
adolescence	dospívání
adolescent	puberťák
adopt	přijmout
adoption	přijetí
adoptive	adoptivní
adorable	rozkošný
adoration	adorace
adore	uctívat
adoring	zamilovaný
adorn	ozdobit
adornment	ozdoba
adrenalin	adrenalin
adrenaline	adrenalin
adrift	zbytečně
adult	dospělý
adulterated	falešný
adulterer	cizoložník
adultery	cizoložství
adulthood	dospělost
advance	záloha
advanced	pokročilý
advancement	pokrok
advancing	postupování
advantage	výhoda
advantageous	výhodný
advent	příchod
adventure	dobrodružství
adventurer	dobrodruh
adventures	Dobrodružství
adventurous	dobrodružný
adversary	protivník
adverse	nepříznivý
adversity	nepřízeň osudu
advertise	inzerovat
advertisement	reklama
advertising	reklamní
adverts	inzeráty
advice	Rada
advisable	doporučeno
advise	radit, podat zprávu
advised	doporučeno
advisement	poradenství
adviser	poradce
advisor	poradce
advisory	poradní
advocacy	obhajoba
advocate	zastánce
aegis	aegis
aeration	provzdušňování
aerial	letecký
aerobics	aerobik
aerodrome	letiště
aerodynamic	aerodynamický
aerodynamics	aerodynamika
aeronautics	letectví
aeroplane	letoun
aerospace	letectví
aesthetic	estetický
aesthetics	estetika
aetiology	etiologie
afar	dál
affable	přívětivý
affair	aféra
affect	postihnout
affecting	ovlivňuje
affection	náklonnost
affectionate	láskyplný
affections	postižení
affiche	NO TRANSLATION
affidavit	přísežné prohlášení
affiliated	přidružený
affiliation	příslušnosti
affinity	afinita
affirm	potvrdit
affirmation	potvrzení
affirmative	kladně
affirmatively	kladně
affix	připevnit
afflict	postihnout
afflicted	postižených
affliction	utrpení
affluence	blahobyt
affluent	blahobytný
afford	si dovolit
affordable	cenově dostupné
affront	urážka
affronted	postižené
afield	venku
afire	požár
afloat	na vodě
afore	dříve
aforementioned	výše zmíněných
aforesaid	výše uvedené
afraid	strach
afresh	znovu
african	Afričan
aft	na zádi
afterlife	posmrtný život
aftermath	následky
afternoon	odpoledne
aftershave	voda po holení
aftertaste	pachuť
afterthought	přemýšlel
aga	NO TRANSLATION
agape	agape
agate	achát
age	stáří
aged	letitý
agency	agentura
agenda	denní program
agent	činidlo
agglomeration	aglomerace
aggravate	zhoršit
aggravated	agresivní
aggravates	zhoršuje
aggravating	přitěžující
aggravation	zhoršení
aggregate	agregát
aggregation	agregace
aggresive	NO TRANSLATION
aggression	agrese
aggressive	agresivní
aggressively	agresivně
aggressiveness	agresivita
aggressor	agresor
agh	agh
aghast	aghast
aghhh	NO TRANSLATION
agile	agilní
agility	hbitost
aging	stárnutí
agitate	agitovat
agitated	rozrušený
agitation	míchání
aglow	planoucí
agnostic	agnostik
ago	před
agonizing	agonizující
agony	muka
agoraphobia	agorafobie
agree	souhlasit
agreeable	příjemný
agreed	souhlasil
agreeing	souhlasím
agreement	dohoda
agressive	NO TRANSLATION
agricultural	zemědělský
agriculture	zemědělství
aground	na mělčině
agua	NO TRANSLATION
ahead	vpřed
ahhh	ahhh
ahhhhhhhh	NO TRANSLATION
ahoy	Ahoj
aid	pomoc
aide	pomocník
aiding	pomoc
aids	AIDS
ail	ail
ailing	arogantní
ailment	indispozice
aim	cíl
aimless	bezcílný
air	vzduch
airbag	airbag
airborne	vzduchem
aircraft	letadlo
aircraft carrier	letadlová loď
airfield	letiště
airhead	airhead
airlift	airlift
airline	letecká linka
airliner	letadlo
airlock	vzduchový uzávěr
airman	letec
airplane	letoun
airport	letiště
airs	vzduchu
airship	vzducholoď
airspace	vzdušný prostor
airspeed	vzdušnou rychlostí
airstrip	přistávací dráha
airtight	vzduchotěsný
airway	dýchacích cest
aisle	ulička
ait	NO TRANSLATION
ajar	NO TRANSLATION
aka	aka
akin	podobný
alabaster	alabastr
alarm	poplach
alarm clock	budík
alarmed	znepokojen
alarming	alarmující
alas	Běda
alb	NO TRANSLATION
albatross	albatros
albino	albín
album	album
alchemy	alchymie
alcohol	alkohol
alcoholic	alkoholik
alcoholism	alkoholismus
alcove	výklenek
alderman	radní
ale	NO TRANSLATION
alert	upozornění
alertness	ostražitost
alerts	upozornění
alfalfa	vojtěška
algebra	algebra
algebraic	algebraický
algorithm	algoritmus
alias	alias
alibi	alibi
alien	mimozemšťan
alienate	odcizit
alienated	odcizený
alienation	odcizení
alight	vystoupit
align	zarovnat
aligned	zarovnaný
alignment	zarovnání
alike	podobně
alimentation	NO TRANSLATION
alimony	výživné
aliquot	alikvotní
alive	naživu
alkali	alkálie
alkaloids	alkaloidy
allay	zmírnit
allegation	tvrzení
allege	tvrdí
alleged	tvrdí
allegiance	věrnost
allegorical	alegorický
allegory	alegorie
allegro	allegro
allergic	alergický
allergy	alergie
alleviate	zmírnit
alleviation	zmírnění
alley	alej
alleyway	ulička
alliance	aliance
allied	spojenectví
alligator	aligátor
allocate	přidělit
allocation	přidělení
allot	přidělovat
allotment	přidělování
allow	dovolit
allowable	přípustné
allowance	příspěvek
allowed	povoleno
alloy	slitina
allsmiles	NO TRANSLATION
allure	lákat
alluring	lákavé
allusion	narážka
alluvial	aluviální
ally	spojenec
almanac	almanach
almighty	všemohoucí
almond	mandle
aloft	nahoře
aloha	aloha
alone	sama
alongside	vedle
aloof	rezervovaný
aloud	nahlas
alpha	alfa
alphabet	abeceda
alphabetical	abecední
alpine	vysokohorský
alreadyyyyy	NO TRANSLATION
altar	oltář
altar boy	oltářní chlapec
alter	změnit
alteration	změna
altercation	hádka
altered	změněn
alternate	střídat
alternating	střídání
alternative	alternativní
altimeter	výškoměr
altitude	nadmořská výška
alto	alt
altogether	celkem
aluminum	hliník
alumnus	absolvent
alveolar	alveolární
alzheimers	NO TRANSLATION
amalgam	amalgám
amalgamation	sloučení
amaretto	amaretto
amass	hromadit
amateur	amatér
amaze	ohromit
amazed	ohromen
amazedness	úžas
amazement	ohromení
amazing	úžasný
amazingly	úžasně
ambassador	velvyslanec
amber	jantar
ambience	prostředí
ambient	okolní
ambiguity	dvojznačnost
ambiguous	dvojznačný
ambit	ambit
ambition	ctižádost
ambitious	ambiciózní
ambivalent	ambivalentní
ambrosia	ambrózie
ambulance	záchranná služba
ambush	záloha
ameliorate	zlepšit
amen	Amen
amenable	přizpůsobitelné
amend	pozměnit
amendment	pozměňovací návrh
amends	mění
amenity	S vybavením
amethyst	ametyst
amiable	přívětivý
amicable	přátelské
amid	uprostřed
amidst	uprostřed
amino	amino
ammo	munice
ammonia	amoniak
ammonium	amonia
ammunition	munice
amnesia	amnézie
amnesty	amnestie
amorous	zamilovaný
amorphous	amorfní
amortization	amortizace
amount	množství
amour	NO TRANSLATION
amp	amp
ampersand	ampersand
amphetamines	amfetaminy
amphibian	obojživelník
amphibious	obojživelný
amphitheater	amfiteátr
ample	dostatek
amplification	zesílení
amplify	zesilovat
amplitude	amplituda
amply	bohatě
amputate	amputovat
amputation	amputace
amuck	amuck
amulet	amulet
amuse	bavit
amused	pobavený
amusement	zábavu
amusing	zábavný
ana	NO TRANSLATION
anaconda	anakonda
anaesthesia	anestézie
anaesthetic	anestetikum
anagram	anagram
anal	anální
analgesic	analgetika
analogous	analogický
analogue	analog
analogy	analogie
analysis	analýza
analyst	analytik
analytic	analytický
analytical	analytická
analyze	analyzovat
analyzer	analyzátoru
anaphylactic	anafylaktické
anarchism	anarchismus
anarchist	anarchista
anarchy	anarchie
anastomosis	anastomóza
anathema	anathema
anatomic	anatomický
anatomy	anatomie
ancestor	předek
ancestral	ancestrální
ancestry	původ
anchor	Kotva
anchorage	kotviště
ancient	starověký
ancillary	vedlejší
androgen	androgen
android	android
anecdote	anekdota
anemia	anémie
anemic	anemický
anemone	sasanka
anesthesia	anestézie
anesthesiologist	anesteziologa
anesthetic	anestetikum
aneurysm	aneuryzma
anew	znovu
angel	anděl
angelic	andělský
anger	hněv
angered	hněv
angermanagement	NO TRANSLATION
angina	angina
angiogram	angiogram
angiography	angiografie
angle	úhel
angling	rybaření
angora	angora
angriest	Nejsilnější
angry	rozzlobený
angrytweet	NO TRANSLATION
angst	úzkost
anguish	úzkost
anguished	strach
angular	úhlové
anhydrous	bezvodý
animal	zvíře
animate	animovat
animated	animovaný
animation	animace
animosity	nepřátelství
animus	animus
ankle	kotník
anklet	anklet
annals	anály
annex	Příloha
annexation	anexe
annexe	NO TRANSLATION
annihilate	zničit
annihilated	zničeno
annihilation	zničení
anniversary	výročí
annotate	opatřit poznámkami
annotation	anotace
announce	oznámit
announcement	oznámení
announcer	hlasatel
annoy	otravovat
annoyance	nepříjemnost
annoyed	naštvaný
annoyin	NO TRANSLATION
annoying	nepříjemný
annoys	otravuje
annual	roční
annuity	anuita
annul	zrušit
annular	prstencovité
annulment	zrušení
annulus	prstenec
anointed	pomazán
anointing	pomazání
anomalous	anomální
anomaly	anomálie
anon	anon
anonymity	anonymita
anonymous	anonymní
anorexic	anorektický
answer	Odpovědět
answerable	odpovědný
answering	odpovědi
ant	mravenec
antagonism	antagonismus
antagonist	antagonista
antagonistic	antagonistický
antagonize	znepřátelit si
ante	NO TRANSLATION
antecedent	předchůdce
antelope	antilopa
antenna	anténa
anterior	přední
anthem	hymna
anthill	mraveniště
anthology	antologie
anthrax	antrax
anthropological	antropologické
anthropologist	antropolog
anthropology	antropologie
anti	proti
antiaircraft	protiletadlové
antibiotic	antibiotikum
antibiotics	antibiotika
antichrist	antikrist
anticipate	předvídat
anticipation	očekávání
anticipatory	předběžně
antics	dovádění
antidote	protijed
antifungal	antifungální
antigravity	antigravitace
antimony	antimon
antipathy	antipatie
antiquarian	starožitný
antiquated	zastaralý
antique	starožitné
antiques	starožitnosti
antiquity	starověk
antiseptic	antiseptický
antisocial	antisociální
antithesis	protiklad
antithetical	protikladný
antiviral	antivirotika
antler	paroh
antsy	nervózní
anus	řitní otvor
anvil	kovadlina
anxiety	úzkost
anxietyattack	NO TRANSLATION
anxious	úzkost
anxiousness	úzkost
anytime	kdykoliv
aorta	aorta
aortic	aortální
apace	pomalu
apache	apache
apartment	byt
apartments	bytů
apathetic	apatický
apathy	apatie
ape	opice
aperture	clona
apex	vrchol
aphid	mšice
aphrodisiac	afrodiziakální
apiece	kus
aplomb	aplomb
apocalypse	apokalypsa
apocalyptic	apokalyptický
apologetic	omluvný
apologist	apologist
apologize	omlouvat se
apology	omluva
apostasy	odpadnutí
apostate	odpadlík
apostle	apoštol
apostolic	apoštolský
apostrophe	apostrof
apothecary	lékárník
appalled	zděšený
appalling	děsivé
apparatus	zařízení
apparel	oděv
apparent	zdánlivý
apparently	podle všeho
apparition	zjevení
appeal	odvolání
appear	objevit
appearance	vzhled
appease	uklidnit
appellant	navrhovatelka
append	připojit
appendage	přívěsek
appendectomy	appendectomy
appendicitis	apendicitida
appendix	slepé střevo
appetite	chuť
appetizer	předkrm
appetizing	chutný
applaud	tleskat
applause	potlesk
apple	jablko
apple juice	jablečný džus
applejack	applejack
applesauce	applesauce
appliance	spotřebič
appliances	spotřebiče
applicability	použitelnosti
applicable	použitelný
applicant	žadatel
application	aplikace
apply	aplikovat
appoint	jmenovat
appointment	jmenování
appointments	schůzky
apportion	rozdělit
apportionment	rozdělení
appraisal	posouzení
appraise	hodnotit
appreciable	znatelný
appreciate	cenit si
appreciated	ocenil
appreciates	oceňuje
appreciation	uznání
appreciative	uznalý
apprehend	zatknout
apprehension	obava
apprehensive	obavný
apprentice	učeň
apprenticeship	učební obor
approach	přístup
approaching	blížící se
approbate	NO TRANSLATION
approbation	schválení
appropriate	odpovídající
appropriation	prostředků
approval	odsouhlasení
approve	Schválit
approved	schválený
approvement	schvalování
approving	schvalování
approximate	přibližný
approximately	přibližně
approximating	přiblížení
approximation	přiblížení
appurtenances	příslušenství
apricot	meruňka
apron	zástěra
apt	apt
aptitude	nadání
aqua	aqua
aquamarine	akvamarín
aquarium	akvárium
aquatic	vodní
aqueduct	akvadukt
aqueous	vodné
arable	orný
arbiter	rozhodce
arbitrary	libovolný
arbitrate	rozsuzovat
arbitration	arbitráž
arbitrator	rozhodce
arbor	altán
arc	oblouk
arcade	pasáž
arcane	arcane
arch	oblouk
archaeological	archeologický
archaeologist	archeolog
archaeology	archeologie
archaic	archaický
archangel	archanděl
archbishop	arcibiskup
archdiocese	arcidiecéze
archduke	arcivévoda
arched	klenutý
archer	lukostřelec
archery	lukostřelba
archetype	archetyp
archipelago	souostroví
architect	architekt
architectural	architektonický
architecture	architektura
archive	archiv
arctic	arktický
ardent	vroucí
ardor	zanícení
arduous	náročný
area	plocha
arena	aréna
areola	areola
areyoukidding	NO TRANSLATION
areyoukiddingme	NO TRANSLATION
argent	NO TRANSLATION
argh	argh
arghh	NO TRANSLATION
arghhhh	NO TRANSLATION
argue	dohadovat se
argument	argument
argumentation	argumentace
argumentative	argumentační
arguments	argumenty
arid	arid
arise	vzniknout
aristocracy	aristokracie
aristocrat	aristokrat
aristocratic	aristokratický
arithmetic	aritmetický
ark	archa
arm	paže
armada	armáda
armament	vyzbrojení
armaments	zbraně
armature	armaturu
armchair	křeslo
armed	ozbrojený
armor	brnění
armored	obrněný
armory	zbrojnice
armpit	podpaží
arms	zbraně
army	armáda
aroma	aroma
aromatherapy	aromaterapie
arousal	vzrušení
arouse	vzbudit
aroused	vzrušený
arraignment	obvinění
arrange	uspořádat
arranged	uspořádány
arrangement	uspořádání
array	pole
arrears	nedoplatky
arrest	zatknout
arrhythmia	arytmie
arrival	příchod
arrive	přijet
arrogance	arogance
arrogant	arogantní
arrow	šipka
arsehole	arsehole
arseholes	břidlice
arsenal	arzenál
arsenic	arsen
arson	žhářství
arsonist	žhář
art	umění
arterial	arteriální
artery	tepna
artful	skvostný
arthritis	artritida
arthropod	článkonožce
artichoke	artyčok
article	článek
articles	články
articulate	artikulovat
articulation	artikulace
artifact	artefakt
artifice	rafinovanost
artificial	umělý
artillery	dělostřelectvo
artisan	řemeslník
artist	umělec
artiste	NO TRANSLATION
artistic	umělecký
artistry	umění
artists	umělců
artwork	umělecká díla
arty	bohémský
asap	co nejdříve
asbestos	azbest
ascend	zlézt
ascendancy	nadvláda
ascendant	stoupající
ascending	vzestupně
ascension	vzestup
ascent	výstup
ascertain	zjistit
ascertained	zjištěno
ascetic	asketický
ash	popel
ashamed	zahanbený
ashes	popel
ashtray	popelník
asinine	asinine
ask	dotázat se
asleeep	NO TRANSLATION
asleep	spící
asp	asp
asparagus	chřest
aspartame	aspartam
aspect	aspekt
aspects	aspekty
aspen	osika
asphalt	asfalt
asphyxia	asfyxie
asphyxiation	zadušení
aspiration	aspirace
aspire	usilovat
aspirin	aspirin
aspiring	aspirující
ass	osel
assail	útok
assailant	útočník
assassin	vrah
assassinate	zavraždit
assassination	atentát
assault	útok
assay	testu
assemblage	shromáždění
assemble	shromáždit
assembled	sestaven
assembly	shromáždění
assemblyman	montážní pracovník
assent	souhlas
assert	tvrdí
asserting	tvrzení
assertion	tvrzení
assertive	asertivní
assess	posoudit
assessment	Posouzení
assessor	hodnotitel
asset	aktivum
assets	aktiva
asshole	kretén
assign	přiřadit
assignee	nájemce
assignment	úkol
assimilate	asimilovat
assimilation	asimilace
assist	pomoci
assistance	pomoc
assistant	asistent
associate	spolupracovník
association	sdružení
assorted	roztříděný
assortment	sortiment
assuage	utišit
assume	převzít
assumed	předpokládaný
assuming	za předpokladu
assumption	předpoklad
assurance	ujištění
assure	ujistit
assured	jistě
assuredly	jistě
asterisk	hvězdička
asteroid	asteroid
asteroids	asteroidy
asthma	astma
asthmatic	astmatický
astigmatism	astigmatismus
astonish	udivit
astonished	překvapen
astonishing	udivující
astonishingly	NO TRANSLATION
astonishment	údiv
astound	ohromit
astral	astrální
astray	zbloudilý
astringent	svíravý
astrologer	astrolog
astrology	astrologie
astronaut	astronaut
astronomer	astronom
astronomical	astronomický
astronomy	astronomie
astute	rafinovaný
asunder	asunder
asylum	azyl
asymmetric	asymetrický
asymmetry	asymetrie
asymptotic	asymptotické
atelier	ateliér
atheism	ateismus
atheist	ateista
atheistic	ateistický
atherosclerosis	ateroskleróza
athlete	sportovec
athletic	atletický
athleticism	atletika
athletics	atletika
atlas	atlas
atmosphere	atmosféra
atmospheric	atmosférický
atoll	atol
atom	atom
atomic	atomový
atone	bezvýhradně
atonement	smíření
atpeace	v míru
atrium	atrium
atrocious	krutý
atrocity	krutost
atrophy	atrofie
attach	připojit
attached	připojený
attachment	příloha
attack	Záchvat
attacker	útočník
attacking	útočí
attain	dosáhnout
attainable	dosažitelný
attainment	dosažení
attempt	pokus
attempted	pokusil
attend	zúčastnit se
attendance	účast
attendant	obsluha
attention	Pozor
attentionseeker	NO TRANSLATION
attentionseekers	NO TRANSLATION
attentive	pozorný
attenuate	tlumí
attenuated	oslabené
attenuation	útlum
attest	potvrzení
attestation	atestace
attic	podkroví
attire	oděv
attitude	přístup
attorney	advokát
attract	přilákat
attraction	atrakce
attractive	přitažlivý
attractiveness	atraktivita
attributable	přisuzovatelné
attribute	atribut
attribution	přiřazení
attrition	otěr
auburn	auburn
auction	aukce
auctioneer	dražitel
audacious	odvážný
audacity	drzost
audible	slyšitelný
audience	publikum
audio	Zvuk
audit	audit
audition	konkurs
auditions	audiích
auditor	auditor
auditorium	hlediště
auditory	sluchový
aught	ačkoli
augment	rozšířit
augmentation	rozšíření
august	srpen
aunt	teta
auntie	tetička
aura	aura
aurora	aurora
auspices	záštitou
auspicious	příznivý
austere	strohý
austerity	přísnost
authentic	autentický
authenticate	ověřit
authentication	ověření
authenticity	pravost
author	autor
authoritative	autoritativní
authority	pravomocí
authorization	oprávnění
authorize	povolit
authorized	autorizovaný
authorship	autorství
autism	autismus
autistic	autistický
auto	auto
autobiographical	autobiografické
autobiography	autobiografie
autocorrect	autokorekce
autocratic	autokratický
autograph	autogram
autographed	podepsáno
automated	Automatizovaný
automatic	automatický
automobile	automobil
automotive	automobilový průmysl
autonomy	autonomie
autopilot	autopilot
autopsy	pitva
autumn	podzim
auxiliary	pomocný
avail	využít
availability	dostupnost
available	dostupný
avalanche	lavina
avarice	lakota
avatar	avatar
avenge	pomstít
avenger	mstitel
avenging	pomsta
avenue	avenue
aver	NO TRANSLATION
average	průměrný
aversation	aversace
averse	odmítavý
averseness	averseness
aversion	averze
avert	odvrátit
aviary	voliéra
aviation	letectví
aviator	letec
avid	zanícený
avocado	avokádo
avoid	vyhýbat se
avoidance	vyhýbání se
avoiding	vyhnout se
await	čekat
awake	probudit
awaken	probudit
awakening	probuzení
award	cena
awards	ocenění
aware	vědomě
awareness	povědomí
awe	NO TRANSLATION
awed	nadějný
awesome	skvělý
awesomeness	Úžasnost
awestruck	strašidelný
awful	hrozný
awkward	nepříjemné
awkwardness	trapnost
awning	markýza
awry	nakřivo
axe	sekera
axial	axiální
axiom	axiom
axiomatic	axiomatický
axis	osa
axle	náprava
ay	ay
aye	ano
azimuth	azimut
azure	blankyt
babble	blábolit
babbling	blábolení
babe	kotě
baboon	pavián
baby	dítě
babysit	hlídat dítě
babysitter	domácí opatrovnice dětí
baccalaureate	bakalaureát
baccarat	baccarat
bachelor	bakalářský
bachelorette	bachelorette
back	zadní
backboard	paluby
backbone	páteř
backdoor	zadní dveře
backdrop	pozadí
backer	backer
backfire	selhat
backgammon	vrhcáby
background	Pozadí
backhand	backhand
backhoe	rýpadlo-nakladač
backoff	backoff
backpack	batoh
backpacker	batůžkář
backroom	backroom
backseat	zadní sedadlo
backside	zadní strana
backtrack	backtrack
backup	zálohování
backward	zpětně
backwardness	zaostalost
backwards	dozadu
backwater	backwater
backwoods	backwoods
backyard	dvorek
bacon	slanina
bacteria	bakterie
bacterial	bakteriální
bacterium	bakterie
bad	špatný
badass	drsňák
badday	NO TRANSLATION
badfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
badge	odznak
badger	jezevec
badhabit	NO TRANSLATION
badly	špatně
badness	špatnost
baffle	přepážka
baffled	zmatený
bag	Taška
bagel	bagel
baggage	zavazadla
baggie	baggie
baggy	vydutý
bagman	bagman
bagpipes	dudy
bail	kauce
bailiff	soudní vykonavatel
bait	návnada
bake	upéct
bakery	pekařství
baking	pečení
bal	NO TRANSLATION
balance	Zůstatek
balanced	vyrovnaný
balcony	balkón
bald	plešatý
balding	plešatění
baldy	baldy
bale	žok
balk	balk
ball	míč
ballad	balada
ballast	zátěž
ballerina	balerína
ballet	balet
ballgame	Míčová hra
ballistic	balistický
ballistics	balistika
balloon	balón
ballot	hlasování
ballpark	hřiště
ballplayer	ballplayer
ballpoint	propiska
ballroom	taneční sál
ballsy	ballsy
balm	balzám
balmy	konejšivý
balsam	balzám
balsamic	balsamic
bam	bam
bamboo	bambus
ban	NO TRANSLATION
banana	banán
band	kapela
bandage	obvaz
bandanna	NO TRANSLATION
bandit	bandita
bandstand	bandstand
bandwagon	vůz s kapelou
bandwidth	šířka pásma
bane	prokletí
bang	bang
banger	petarda
banish	vyhánět
banished	vyhnáno
banishment	vyhnanství
banister	sloupek
banjo	bendžo
bank	banka
banker	bankéř
banking	bankovní
bankroll	bankroll
bankrupt	bankrot
bankruptcy	bankrot
banner	prapor
banquet	hostina
banshee	banshee
banter	škádlení
banzai	NO TRANSLATION
baptism	křest
baptismal	křestní
baptize	křtít
bar	bar
barb	ozub
barbarian	barbar
barbaric	barbarský
barbarism	barbarství
barbecue	grilování
barbed	ostnatý
barber	holič
barbershop	holič
barbie doll	panenka Barbie
bard	bard
bare	holý
bareback	bez sedla
barefoot	naboso
barely	sotva
barf	barf
bargain	smlouvat
bargaining	vyjednávání
barge	bárka
baritone	baryton
barium	baryum
bark	kůra
barkeep	barkeep
barks	štěká
barley	ječmen
barmaid	barmanka
barman	barman
barn	stodola
barnacle	barnacle
barney	barney
barnyard	barnyard
barometer	barometr
baron	baron
baroness	baronka
baroque	barokní
barrack	pokřikovat
barracuda	barakuda
barrage	příval
barred	zakázáno
barrel	hlaveň
barren	neplodná
barricade	barikáda
barrier	bariéra
barring	blokování
barrister	advokát
barroom	barová místnost
barrow	kolečko
bartender	barman
barter	výměnný obchod
base	báze
baseball	baseball
baseball bat	baseballovou pálkou
baseboard	základní deska
baseless	neopodstatněný
baseline	výchozí
baseman	baseman
basement	suterén
bases	základy
bash	bash
bashful	stydlivý
basic	základní
basics	základy
basil	bazalka
basilica	bazilika
basin	povodí
basis	základ
bask	vyhřívat se
basket	košík
basketball	Basketball
bass	bas
bass guitar	baskytara
basso	NO TRANSLATION
bassoon	fagot
bastard	bastard
bastarding	bastardování
bastards	bastardy
bastion	bašta
bat	netopýr
batch	dávka
batching	dávkování
bate	NO TRANSLATION
bath	koupel
bathe	koupat se
bathhouse	lázně
bathing	koupání
bathrobe	župan
bathroom	koupelna
bathtub	vana
bathymetry	batymetrie
baton	obušek
battalion	praporu
batter	těsto
battered	otlučený
battering	bičování
battery	baterie
battle	bitva
battled	bojoval
battlefield	bojiště
battleground	bitevní pole
battlements	cimbuří
battleship	bitevní loď
batty	praštěný
bauble	cetka
bawdy	oplzlý
bawl	řvát
bay	záliv
bayonet	bajonet
bayou	bayou
bazaar	bazar
bazooka	pancéřová pěst
bday	bday
be	být
beach	pláž
beaches	pláže
beacon	maják
bead	korálek
beading	bělení
beads	korálky
beady	korálkovitý
beagle	beagle
beak	zobák
beaker	kádinka
beam	nosník
beaming	zářící
bean	fazole
beanbag	beanbag
beanie	čepice
bear	medvěd
bearable	snesitelný
beard	vousy
bearded	vousatý
bearer	nosič
bearing	ložisko
bearings	ložiska
bearish	bearish
bearskin	medvědí kůže
beast	bestie
beastly	brutální
beat	porazit
beaten	bít
beater	šlehač
beating	porážka
beatnik	beatnik
beau	beau
beautification	zkrášlení
beautiful	Krásná
beautify	zkrášlit
beauty	krása
beaver	bobr
bebop	bebop
beck	kývnutí
beckon	pokynout
become	stát
bed	postel
bedding	lůžkoviny
bedpan	bedpan
bedrock	podloží
bedroom	ložnice
bedside	lůžko
bedspread	přehoz přes postel
bedtime	před spaním
bee	včela
beef	hovězí
beefsteak	hovězí steak
beehive	úl
beep	pípnutí
beeper	pípání
beer	pivo
bees	včely
beeswax	včelí vosk
beetle	brouk
befall	potkat
befitting	v pořádku
befriend	milovat se
befuddled	befuddled
beg	žebrat
beggar	Žebrák
begging	žebrání
begin	začít
beginner	začátečník
beginning	začátek
beginnings	začátky
begrudge	závidět
begun	začal
behappy	NO TRANSLATION
behave	chovat se
behavior	chování
behavioral	behaviorální
behemoth	monstrum
behest	příkazy
behold	spatřit
beholden	viz
beholder	pozorovatel
beige	béžový
belated	opožděný
belay	belay
belch	říhnutí
belief	víra
believable	uvěřitelný
believe	věřím
believed	věřil
believer	věřící
believing	věřit
belittle	snižovat
belittled	zmenšený
bell	zvonek
bellboy	bellboy
bellhop	hotelový poslíček
belligerent	agresivní
bellman	Zvoník
bellow	níže
bellows	měchy
belly	břicho
bellybutton	pupík
bellyful	bříško
belong	patřit
belongings	věci
beloved	milovaný
belt	pás
beluga	beluga
bemused	zmatený
bench	lavice
bend	ohyb
bender	bender
bending	ohýbání
beneath	pod
benedictory	benedictory
benefactor	patron
beneficial	příznivý
beneficiary	příjemce
benefit	výhoda
benevolence	shovívavost
benevolent	dobrotivý
benign	benigní
bent	ohnutý
benzene	benzen
bequeath	odkázat
bequest	odkaz
bereaved	truchlící
bereavement	úmrtí
bereft	bereft
beret	baret
bergamot	bergamot
berlin	Berlín
berserk	šílený
berth	kotviště
beryllium	berýlium
beseech	prosím
beset	oblékání
bestdayever	nejlepší den
bestfeeling	nejlepší smysl
bestfriends	nejlepší přátelé
bestial	bestiální
besties	obléhání
bestow	propůjčit
bestseller	nejlepší prodejce
bet	sázka
beta	beta
betray	zradit
betrayal	zrada
betrayed	zradila
betrothed	snoubenec
betterment	zlepšení
betting	sázení
betty	betty
bevel	úkos
beverage	nápoj
bevy	houf
beware	pozor
bewilder	zmást
bewildered	zmatený
bewilderment	zmatek
bias	předpojatost
biased	zaujatý
bib	bryndáček
bible	bible
biblical	biblický
bibliography	bibliografie
bicarbonate	hydrogenuhličitanu
bicentennial	dvousetletý
biceps	biceps
bicker	bicker
bickering	házení
bicolor	bicolor
bicycle	jízdní kolo
bid	nabídka
bidder	uchazeč
bidding	nabídky
bide	NO TRANSLATION
biennial	dvouletý
bier	NO TRANSLATION
bifurcation	bifurkace
big	velký
bigamy	bigamie
bigday	velký den
biggestfear	NO TRANSLATION
biggie	biggie
bighorn	velký roh
bigmouth	velká pusa
bigot	náboženský fanatik
bigoted	bigotní
bigotry	bigotnost
bike	kolo
biker	cyklista
bikini	bikiny
bilateral	bilaterální
bilayer	dvouvrstvý
bile	žluč
bilge	údolí
bilingual	bilingvní
bill	účtovat
billboard	plakátovací tabule
billet	sběratel
billiard	kulečník
billiards	kulečník
billing	fakturace
billion	miliarda
billionaire	miliardář
billy	billy
bimbo	bimbo
bimonthly	dvakrát
bin	zásobník
binary	binární
bind	svázat
binder	pořadač
bindery	vazárna
binding	vazba
bing	bing
binge	binge
bingo	bingo
binocular	binokulární
binoculars	dalekohled
binomial	binomický
bio	bio
biochemical	biochemické
biochemist	biochemik
biochemistry	biochemie
biogenesis	biogeneze
biographer	životopisec
biography	životopis
biological	biologický
biologist	biolog
biology	biologie
bionic	bionický
biopsy	biopsie
biosphere	biosféra
bipartite	bipartitní
bipolar	bipolární
birch	bříza
bird	pták
birdcage	klec
birdie	ptáček
birdman	ptáků
birth	narození
birthday	narozeniny
birthing	pěstování
birthmark	mateřské znaménko
birthplace	Rodiště
birthright	prvotní právo
bis	NO TRANSLATION
biscuit	suchar
bisexual	bisexuální
bishop	biskup
bison	bizon
bisque	bisque
bistro	bistro
bit	bit
bitch	fena
bitchy	svárlivý
bite	kousat
biter	NO TRANSLATION
bitsy	bitsy
bitter	hořké
bitterly	hořce
bitterness	hořkost
bittersweet	hořkosladký
bitty	bitty
bitumen	živice
biweekly	dvoutýdenní
biz	biz
bizarre	bizarní
blab	žvanit
blabbermouth	blabbermouth
black	Černá
black snake	černý had
blackberry	ostružina
blackbird	kos
blackboard	Černá tabule
blacken	černá
blackface	Černá tvář
blackjack	blackjack
blacklist	černá listina
blackmail	vydírání
blackmailer	vyděrač
blackness	temnota
blackout	výpadek proudu
blacksmith	kovář
bladder	měchýř
blade	čepel
blame	obviňovat
blameless	bezúhonný
bland	bland
blank	prázdný
blanket	deka
blare	blare
blase	NO TRANSLATION
blasphemous	rouhavé
blasphemy	rouhání
blast	výbuch
blaster	blaster
blastoff	odpálení rakety
blatant	bláznivý
blather	blather
blaze	požár
blazer	blejzr
blazing	planoucí
bleach	bělidlo
bleak	mrzutý
bleed	krvácet
bleeder	bleeder
bleeding	krvácející
bleep	pípnutí
blemish	vada
blemished	poškozen
blend	směs
blender	mixér
blending	míchání
bless	žehnat
blessed	blahoslavený
blessing	požehnání
blessings	požehnání
bleu	bleu
blight	plíseň
blighted	bledě
blimp	blimp
blind	slepý
blinded	zaslepený
blindfold	páska přes oči
blindfolded	se zavázanýma očima
blinding	oslepující
blindly	slepě
blindness	slepota
blink	blikat
blip	blip
bliss	blaho
blissful	blažený
blister	blistr
blistering	puchýře
blitz	blitz
blizzard	vánice
bloat	udit
bloated	nafouklý
blob	kapka
block	blok
blockade	blokáda
blockage	ucpání
blockbuster	trhák
blockhead	hlupák
blog	blog
bloke	chlap
blond	blond
blonde	blondýnka
blood	krev
bloodbath	krvavá koupel
bloodhound	krvelačka
bloodless	nekrvavý
bloodline	krevní linii
bloodshed	krveprolití
bloodshot	krve
bloodstream	krevního oběhu
bloodthirsty	krvežíznivý
bloody	krvavý
bloom	květ
bloomers	bombarďáky
blooming	kvetoucí
blossom	květ
blot	skvrna
blotched	skvrnitý
blotter	piják
blouse	halenka
blow	foukat
blower	ventilátor
blowfish	blowfish
blowing	foukání
blowjob	kouření
blown	foukané
blowout	výbuch
blowtorch	opalovací lampa
blubber	blubber
bluddy	bluddy
blue	modrý
blue spruce	modrý smrk
blueberry	borůvka
bluebird	modrý pták
bluegrass	bluegrass
bluejay	bluejay
blueprint	modrotisk
blues	blues
bluff	blufovat
bluish	namodralý
blunder	chyba
blunt	otupit
blur	rozmazat
blurred	rozmazané
blurry	rozmazané
blurt	vyhrknout
blush	ruměnec
blushing	červenající se
boa	NO TRANSLATION
boa constrictor	NO TRANSLATION
boar	kanec
board	deska
board game	desková hra
boarder	NO TRANSLATION
boarding	stravování
boardroom	zasedací místnost
boards	desky
boardwalk	promenádě
boast	chlubit se
boastful	chlubivý
boasting	chlubit se
boat	loď
boathouse	lodní člun
boating	plavba lodí
boatload	lodní náklad
boatman	převozník
bobbin	cívka
bobcat	rys
bobsled	bobová dráha
bode	bod
bodega	bodega
bodice	živůtek
bodily	tělesně
body	tělo
bodyguard	osobní strážce
bog	bažina
bogey	strašák
bogeyman	bogeyman
bogus	falešný
bohemian	Český
boil	vaříme
boiler	kotel
boilerplate	plovoucí desku
boiling	vařící
boisterous	bouřlivý
bold	tučně
boldness	odvaha
bollocks	bocích
bolster	posílení
bolt	šroub
bolus	bolus
bomb	bombardovat
bombard	bombardovat
bombardier	bombardier
bombardment	bombardování
bombed	bombardován
bomber	bombardér
bombers	bombardéry
bombing	bombardování
bombshell	bombashell
bonanza	bonanza
bonbon	NO TRANSLATION
bond	pouto
bondage	otroctví
bonding	lepení
bonds	vazby
bondsman	nevolník
bone	kost
bonehead	pitomec
boner	boner
bones	kosti
bonfire	táborák
bong	bong
bonkers	bonkers
bonne	NO TRANSLATION
bonnet	kapota
bonny	milý
bonsai	bonsai
bonus	bonus
bony	kostnatý
boo	vypískat
boob	trdlo
booby	booby
booger	šušeň
boogeyman	boogeyman
boogie	boogie
book	rezervovat
bookcase	knihovna
bookie	bookie
booking	rezervace
bookish	knižní
bookkeeper	účetní
bookkeeping	vedení účetnictví
booklet	brožur
bookmaker	bookmaker
bookmark	záložka do knihy
books	knihy
bookseller	knihkupec
bookshop	knihkupectví
bookstore	knihkupectví
bookworm	knihomol
boom	výložník
boomer	boomer
boomerang	bumerang
booming	vzkvétající
boon	dobrodiní
boooo	NO TRANSLATION
boost	zvýšení
booster	booster
boot	boot
booth	stánku
bootleg	bootleg
bootlegger	pašerák
boots	boty
booty	kořist
booze	chlast
bop	bop
bopper	bopper
border	okraj
bordering	hraniční
borderline	hranice
bore	otvor
boreal	boreální
bored	znuděný
boredom	nuda
borer	vrták
boring	nudný
born	narozený
boron	boru
borough	čtvrti
borrow	půjčit si
borrower	dlužník
bosom	ňadra
boss	šéf
bossy	panovačný
boston	boston
botanical	botanický
botanist	botanik
botany	botanika
bother	obtěžovat
bothering	trápení
bottle	láhev
bottleneck	úzký
bottling	balení
bottom	dno
bottomless	bezedný
botulism	botulismus
boulder	balvan
bounce	odskočit
bouncer	vyhazovač
bouncy	skákání
bound	vázaný
boundary	hranice
boundless	nekonečné
bounds	meze
bountiful	bohatý
bounty	odměna
bouquet	kytice
bourbon	bourbon
bourgeois	buržoazie
bourgeoisie	buržoazie
bourse	burza
bout	zápas
boutique	butik
bouttime	NO TRANSLATION
bovine	hovězí
bow	luk
bowed	uklonil se
bowel	střevo
bowels	střev
bowl	miska
bowler	nadhazovač
bowling	kuželky
bowls	bowls
box	box
boxcar	boxcar
boxer	boxer
boxers	boxerů
boxing	box
boy	chlapec
boycott	bojkot
boyfriend	přítel
boyhood	chlapectví
boyish	chlapecký
boysenberry	boysenberry
bozo	bozo
bra	podprsenka
brace	ortéza
bracelet	náramek
braces	příčky
brachial	brachial
bracket	Závorka
brackets	závorky
brackish	brakické
brad	brad
brag	chvást
braid	prýmek
brain	mozek
brainless	hloupý
brains	mozky
brainstorm	brainstorming
brainwash	vymýt mozek
brainy	duchaplný
brake	brzda
bran	otruby
branch	větev
branching	větvení
brand	značka
brandy	brandy
brash	drzý
brass	mosaz
brass knuckle	mosazný kloub
brassiere	podprsenka
brat	spratek
bratwurst	bratwurst
bravado	bravado
brave	statečný
bravery	udatnost
brawl	hádka
brawn	sval
brazen	brazen
breach	porušení
bread	chléb
breadth	šířka
break	přestávka
breakable	rozbitné
breakaway	odloučený
breakdown	zhroutit se
breaker	jistič
breakers	jističe
breakfast	snídaně
breaking and entering	lámání a vstupování
breakingnews	breaknews
breakneck	krkolomný
breakthrough	průlom
breakup	rozchod
breast	prsa
breath	dech
breathe	dýchat
breather	odvzdušněte
breathless	bez dechu
breathtaking	dech beroucí
breech	závěr
breeches	lýtek
breed	plemeno
breeder	chovatel
breeding	chov
breeze	vánek
breezy	svěží
brethren	bratři
breve	NO TRANSLATION
brevity	stručnost
brew	vařit
brewery	pivovar
brewing	vaření
briar	vřes
bribe	úplatek
bribery	podplácení
brick	cihlový
bridal	svatební
bride	nevěsta
bridegroom	ženich
bridesmaid	družička
bridge	most
bridle	uzda
brief	stručný
briefcase	aktovka
briefing	instruktáž
briefly	Krátce
brig	briga
brigade	brigáda
bright	Jasný
brighten	rozjasnit
brightens	rozjasní
brighter	jasnější
brightness	jas
brilliance	oslnivost
brilliant	brilantní
brim	okraj
brimming	překrývající se
brimstone	síra
brine	solankou
bring	přinést
brink	pokraj
brisk	ostré
brisket	hrudníku
bristle	štětina
brittle	křehký
bro	bro
broach	rožeň
broad	široký
broadcast	přenos
broadcasting	vysílání
broaden	rozšířit
broadside	širokopásmové
broadsword	široký meč
brocade	brokát
broccoli	brokolice
brochure	brožura
broil	grilovat
broke	rozbil
broken	zlomený
brokenheart	NO TRANSLATION
brokenhearted	se zlomeným srdcem
broker	makléř
brokerage	zprostředkování
bromide	bromid
bronco	bronco
bronze	bronz
brooch	brož
brood	dumat
brooding	rozmazání
brook	potok
broom	koště
broomstick	koště
broth	vývar
brothel	bordel
brother	bratr
brotherhood	bratrství
brotherly	bratrský
brow	obočí
brown	hnědý
brownstone	brownstone
browse	Procházet
brrr	brrr
bruise	pohmoždit
bruising	modřiny
brunch	pozdní snídaně
brunette	bruneta
brunt	nápor
brush	štětec
brutal	brutální
brutality	brutalita
brute	hovado
brutish	brutish
bubble	bublina
bubbling	bublinu
bubbly	temperamentní
bubonic	dýmějový
buck	dolar
buckaroo	buckaroo
bucket	Kbelík
buckle	přezka
buckled	zapuštěný
bucko	bucko
buckshot	buckshot
buckwheat	pohanka
bud	pupen
buddha	Buddha
buddhism	buddhismus
buddhist	buddhistický
budding	pučící
buddy	kamarád
budge	ustoupit
budget	rozpočet
buff	fanoušek
buffalo	buvol
buffer	vyrovnávací paměť
buffering	vyrovnávací paměť
buffet	bufet
buffoon	kašpar
bug	Chyba
bugaboo	bubák
bugged	chybné
bugger	prevít
buggy	buggy
bugle	polnice
bugler	trubač
build	stavět
builder	stavitel
building	budova
buildings	budov
buildup	vybudovat
bulb	žárovka
bulbous	bulbous
bulge	boule
bulimic	bulimic
bulk	hromadné
bulkhead	přepážka
bulky	objemný
bull	býk
bulldog	buldok
bulldozer	buldozer
bullet	kulka
bulletin	bulletin
bulletproof	neprůstřelný
bullfighter	torero
bullfrog	skokan volský
bullheaded	bullheaded
bullhorn	bullhorn
bullion	drahých kovů
bullock	býček
bullpen	bullpen
bullshit	hovadina
bully	tyran
bulwark	val
bum	zadek
bumblebee	čmelák
bummed	bummed
bummer	bummer
bump	narazit
bumper	nárazník
bumpy	hrbolatý
bun	NO TRANSLATION
bunch	chomáč
bundle	balíček
bungalow	bungalov
bungee	bungee
bunghole	bunghole
bunion	puchýř
bunk	lůžko
bunker	bunkr
bunkhouse	bunkhouse
bunny	Králíček
bunt	bunt
buoy	bóje
buoyancy	vztlak
buoyant	vzrušující
bur	bur
burden	zátěž
burdened	zatížena
burdensome	zatěžující
bureau	kancelář
bureaucracy	byrokracie
bureaucrat	byrokrat
bureaucratic	byrokratický
burger	hamburger
burglar	zloděj
burglary	vloupání
burial	pohřbení
buried	pohřben
burke	burke
burlap	pytlík
burlesque	parodie
burly	statný
burn	hořet
burned	spálil
burner	hořák
burning	hořící
burnished	leštěné
burnout	vyhořet
burnt	Spálený
burp	říhnutí
burr	burr
burrito	burrito
burro	NO TRANSLATION
burrow	doupě
bursary	stipendium
burst	burst
bury	pohřbít
bus	autobus
busboy	NO TRANSLATION
bush	keř
bushel	bušl
bushy	huňatý
business	podnikání
business man	NO TRANSLATION
businessman	podnikatel
businesswoman	NO TRANSLATION
busload	busload
buss	políbit
bust	poprsí
busted	zrušen
buster	buster
bustle	shon
bustling	rušný
busy	zaneprázdněný
busybody	všetečka
butane	butan
butcher	řezník
butler	komorník
butt	zadek
butter	máslo
buttercup	pryskyřník
butterfly	motýl
buttermilk	podmáslí
butterscotch	butterscotch
buttery	máslový
buttock	hýždě
buttocks	hýždě
button	tlačítko
buttress	opěrku
buxom	prsatá
buy	Koupit
buyer	kupující
buying	nákup
buzz	bzučet
buzzard	káně
buzzed	buzzed
buzzer	bzučák
buzzing	bzučení
bye	sbohem
bygone	dávný
bylaw	nařízení
byline	byline
bypass	bypass
bystander	stářím
byte	byte
byzantine	byzantský
cab	kabina
cabal	kabal
cabana	chata
cabaret	kabaret
cabbage	zelí
cabbie	cabbie
cabernet	cabernet
cabin	chata
cabinet	skříň
cable	kabel
caboodle	caboodle
caboose	služební vůz vlaku
cabriolet	kabriolet
cache	mezipaměti
cacophony	kakofonie
cactus	kaktus
cad	CAD
cadaver	mrtvola
caddie	NO TRANSLATION
caddy	caddy
cadence	kadence
cadet	kadet
cafe	kavárna
cafeteria	jídelna
caffeine	kofein
cage	klec
cagey	opatrný
cahoots	partnerství
cairn	cairn
cake	dort
cakewalk	cakewalk
calamari	calamari
calamitous	katastrofální
calamity	kalamita
calcareous	vápenatý
calcium	vápník
calculate	vypočítat
calculated	vypočítané
calculating	výpočet
calculation	výpočet
calculator	kalkulačka
calculus	počet
calendar	kalendář
calender	NO TRANSLATION
calf	tele
caliber	ráže
calibrate	kalibrovat
calico	kaliko
calipers	třmeny
calisthenics	kalestenika
call	volání
callback	zpětné volání
caller	volajícího
calligraphy	kaligrafie
calling	povolání
callous	otrlý
calls	volání
calm	uklidnit
calming	uklidňující
calmness	klid
caloric	kalorický
calorie	kalorie
calorimeter	kalorimetr
cam	vačka
camaraderie	kamarádství
camber	klenutí
camcorder	videokamera
camel	velbloud
cameo	camo
camera	Fotoaparát
cameraman	kameraman
camisole	živůtek
camouflage	maskovat
camouflaged	NO TRANSLATION
camp	tábor
campaign	kampaň
campaigner	campaigner
campaigning	kampaní
camper	táborník
campfire	táborák
camping	kempování
campsite	kemp
campus	kampusu
can	umět
can opener	otvírák
canal	kanál
canary	kanárek
cancel	zrušení
canceling	zrušení
cancellation	zrušení
cancer	rakovina
candid	upřímný
candidacy	kandidatura
candidate	kandidát
candied	kandovaný
candle	svíčka
candlelight	světlo svíček
candles	svíčky
candlestick	svícen
candor	upřímnost
candy	bonbón
cane	třtina
canine	psí
canister	plechovka
canker	canker
cannabis	konopí
canned	konzervy
cannibal	kanibal
cannibalism	kanibalismus
canning	konzervace
cannon	dělo
cannonball	dělová koule
canoe	kánoe
canon	kánon
canonical	kanonický
canons	kanovníků
canopy	baldachýn
cantaloupe	ananasový meloun
cantbreathe	NO TRANSLATION
canteen	jídelna
canterbury	Canterbury
canthandleit	NO TRANSLATION
cantilever	konzola
cantina	cantina
canto	NO TRANSLATION
canton	kanton
cantstandit	cantstandit
cantwin	cantwin
canvas	plátno
canvass	NO TRANSLATION
canyon	kaňon
cap	víčko
capability	schopnost
capable	schopný
capacity	kapacita
cape	pelerína
caper	kapar
capillary	kapilární
capital	hlavní město
capitalism	kapitalismus
capitalist	kapitalista
capitalize	kapitalizovat
capitals	velká písmena
capitation	kapitalizace
capitol	kapitol
capitulation	kapitulace
cappuccino	cappuccino
caprice	rozmar
capricious	náladový
caps	čepice
capslock	capslock
capsule	kapsle
captain	kapitán
caption	titulek
captivate	upoutat
captivating	podmanivý
captive	zajatý
captivity	zajetí
captor	únosce
capture	zachytit
car	auto
caramel	karamel
carat	karát
caravan	obytný vůz
carbon	uhlík
carburetor	karburátor
carcass	kostra
carcinoma	karcinom
card	karta
cardboard	lepenka
cardiac	srdeční
cardigan	svetr
cardinal	kardinál
cardiologist	kardiologa
cardiology	kardiologie
cardiomyopathy	kardiomyopatie
cards	karty
care	péče
career	kariéra
carefree	bezstarostný
careful	opatrně
carefully	opatrně
careless	neopatrný
carelessness	neopatrnost
caress	pohlazení
caret	péče
caretaker	domovník
cargo	náklad
caribou	karibů
caricature	karikatura
caries	kazu
caring	péče
carjack	carjack
carnage	krveprolití
carnal	tělesný
carnation	karafiát
carnival	karneval
carnivorous	masožravý
carol	koleda
carols	koledy
carousel	kolotoč
carp	kapr
carpal	karpální
carpenter	tesař
carpentry	tesařství
carpet	koberec
carpeting	koberce
carpool	carpool
carriage	vozík
carried	nesený
carrier	dopravce
carrot	mrkev
carry	nést
carrying	nesoucí
carsick	auta
cart	vozík
carte	NO TRANSLATION
cartel	kartel
carter	povozník
cartilage	chrupavka
cartographic	kartografický
cartography	kartografie
carton	lepenková krabice
cartoon	kreslená pohádka
cartouche	NO TRANSLATION
cartridge	kazeta
carve	vyřezávat
carver	řezbář
carving	řezba
cascade	kaskáda
case	pouzdro
casein	kasein
cash	hotovost
cashier	pokladní
cashmere	kašmír
casing	kryt
casino	kasino
cask	sud
casket	rakev
casserole	kastrol
cassette	kazeta
cast	obsazení
castaway	odvrhnout
caste	kasta
caster	kolečko
castle	hrad
castor	kolečko
castrate	kastrovat
castration	kastrace
casual	neformální
casually	příležitostně
casualty	oběť
cat	kočka
catabolism	katabolismus
catalog	katalog
catalogue	katalog
catalysis	katalýza
catalyst	katalyzátor
catalytic	katalytické
catamaran	katamarán
catapult	katapult
cataract	šedý zákal
catastrophe	katastrofa
catastrophic	katastrofální
catatonic	katatonické
catch	chytit
catcher	chytač
catching	chytání
catchphrase	catchphrase
catchy	chytlavý
catechism	katechismus
categorical	kategorický
category	kategorie
cater	obstarávat
caterer	kuchař
caterpillar	housenka
cates	cates
catfish	sumec
cathartic	cathartic
cathedral	katedrála
catheter	katétr
catholic	katolík
cathouse	cathouse
catnip	catnip
cattle	dobytek
catwalk	přehlídkové molo
caucus	výbor
caudal	ocasní
cauldron	kotel
cauliflower	květák
caulk	utěsnit
causal	kauzální
causality	kauzalita
causation	příčinná souvislost
cause	způsobit
caused	způsobené
causeway	násep
caution	Pozor
cautionary	varovný
cautious	opatrný
cautiously	opatrně
cavalier	kavalír
cavalry	kavalerie
cave	jeskyně
caveat	upozornění
caveman	barbar
cavern	jeskyně
cavernous	cavernous
caviar	kaviár
caving	záchranu
cavity	dutina
cayenne	kajen
cease	přestat
ceasefire	zastavení palby
ceaseless	neustálé
cedar	cedr
cede	cede
ceiling	strop
celebrant	celebrant
celebrate	slavit
celebrated	slaví
celebrating	oslavovat
celebration	oslava
celebrations	oslavy
celebratory	slavnostní
celebrity	osobnost
celery	celer
celestial	nebeský
celibacy	celibát
celibate	žijící v celibátu
cell	buňka
cellar	sklep
cellblock	cellblock
cellist	cellista
cellmate	cellmate
cello	cello
cellophane	celofán
cellular	buněčný
cellulite	celulitida
celluloid	celuloid
cement	cement
cemented	cementované
cemetery	hřbitov
censor	cenzurovat
censorship	cenzura
censure	odsouzení
census	sčítání lidu
cent	cent
centenary	sté výročí
centennial	stého výročí
center	centrum
centerfold	centerfold
centerpiece	středový díl
centimeter	centimetr
centipede	stonožka
central	centrální
centrality	centrální
centralization	centralizace
centralize	centralizovat
centrally	centrálně
centrifugal	odstředivý
centrifuge	odstředivka
centurion	centurion
century	století
ceramic	keramický
ceramics	keramika
cereal	obiloviny
cereals	cereálie
cerebral	intelektuální
ceremonial	slavnostní
ceremony	obřad
certain	určitý
certainty	jistota
certifiable	certifikace
certificate	osvědčení
certified	certifikováno
certify	certifikovat
cervical	krční
cervix	čípek
cess	cess
cessation	zastavení
cesspool	žumpa
cha cha	NO TRANSLATION
chaff	plevy
chafing	chafing
chagrin	zármutek
chagrined	chagrined
chai	chai
chain	řetěz
chainsaw	motorová pila
chair	židle
chairman	předseda
chairperson	předseda
chairwoman	předsedkyně
chaise	kočár
chalet	chata
chalice	Kalich
chalk	křída
challenge	výzva
challenger	challenger
chamber	komora
chambermaid	pokojská
chambers	komory
chameleon	chameleón
champ	šampion
champagne	šampaňské
champion	mistr
championship	mistrovství
chance	šance
chancellor	kancléř
chandelier	lustr
chandler	chandler
change	změna
changeable	měnitelný
changed	změněna
changer	měnič
changing	měnící se
channel	kanál
chant	zpívat
chaos	chaos
chaotic	chaotický
chap	chap
chapel	kaple
chaperon	gardedáma
chaplain	kaplan
chapman	chapman
chaps	chaps
chapter	kapitola
char	char
character	charakter
characteristic	charakteristický
characterize	charakterizovat
charade	šaráda
charcoal	dřevěné uhlí
chardonnay	chardonnay
charge	nabít
chargeable	účtováno
charger	nabíječka
chariot	chariot
charisma	charisma
charismatic	charismatický
charitable	charitativní
charity	charitativní
charlatan	dryáčník
charm	kouzlo
charmed	charmed
charmer	zaklínač
charming	okouzlující
charred	zapálená
chart	schéma
charter	charta
chartered	pronajaté
chase	honit
chased	honit
chaser	pronásledovatel
chasm	propast
chassis	podvozek
chaste	cudný
chastened	potrestán
chastisement	trestání
chastity	cudnost
chat	povídat si
chateau	zámek
chatter	klábosení
chatterbox	mluvka
chattering	bručení
chatty	chatování
chauffeur	šofér
chauvinist	šovinista
cheap	levný
cheapened	levnější
cheapskate	cheapskate
cheat	ošidit
cheater	podvodník
check	kontrola
checkbook	šekovou knížku
checker	kontrola
checkered	kostkovaný
checkers	dáma
checklist	kontrolního seznamu
checkmate	Šach mat
checkout	Překontrolovat
checkpoint	kontrolní bod
checkup	kontrola
cheek	tvář
cheeks	tváře
cheeky	drzý
cheep	cheep
cheer	jásot
cheered	nadšeně
cheerful	veselý
cheerfulness	veselí
cheering	povzbuzování
cheerleader	roztleskávačka
cheerleading	roztleskávání
cheerless	skleslý
cheers	Na zdraví
cheery	radostný
cheese	sýr
cheeseburger	cheeseburger
cheesecake	tvarohový koláč
cheesy	sýrový
cheetah	Gepard
chef	šéfkuchař
chemical	chemikálie
chemise	NO TRANSLATION
chemist	chemik
chemistry	chemie
chemo	chemoterapie
chemotherapy	chemoterapie
cheque	kontrola
cherish	milovat
cherishing	cherishing
cherry	třešeň
cherub	cherubín
chess	šachy
chest	hruď
chestnut	Kaštan
chevron	chevron
chew	žvýkat
chewy	žvýkat
chic	šik
chicane	chicane
chick	kuřátko
chicken	kuře
chicken pox	Plané neštovice
chickenpox	Plané neštovice
chief	hlavní
chiefly	především
chieftain	náčelník
chiffon	šifón
child	dítě
childbirth	porod
childhood	dětství
childish	dětinský
childless	bezdětný
childlike	dětský
childloss	NO TRANSLATION
children	děti
chili	chili
chill	chlad
chilled	chlazené
chilling	chlazení
chilly	chladně
chime	rozeznít
chimera	chiméra
chimes	zvonění
chimney	komín
chimp	šimpanz
chimpanzee	šimpanz
chin	brada
china	Čína
chinchilla	činčila
chine	NO TRANSLATION
chinook	chinook
chip	čip
chipmunk	chipmunk
chipper	štěpkovač
chipping	štěpení
chiropractor	chiropraktik
chirp	cvrlikání
chirping	chirping
chisel	dláto
chiseler	chiseler
chit	paragon
chitchat	pokec
chivalry	rytířství
chloride	chlorid
chlorine	chlór
chloroform	chloroform
chocolate	čokoláda
choice	výběr
choir	pěvecký sbor
choke	dávit se
cholera	cholera
cholesterol	cholesterolu
choose	Vybrat
choosing	výběr
choosy	vybíravý
chop	kotleta
chopper	vrtulník
choppers	choppers
chopping	sekání
chops	kotlety
choral	chorál
chord	akord
chords	akordy
chore	fuška
choreographer	choreograf
choreography	choreografie
chorus	refrén
chosen	vybrané
chow	chow
chowder	chowder
christ	Kristus
christen	NO TRANSLATION
christening	křest
christian	křesťan
christmas	Vánoce
christmasbreak	NO TRANSLATION
christmaseve	NO TRANSLATION
christmasspirit	NO TRANSLATION
christmassy	vánoční
christmastime	Vánoční čas
chromatic	chromatický
chromatography	chromatografií
chrome	chrome
chromium	chrómu
chromosome	chromozóm
chronic	chronický
chronicle	kronika
chronograph	chronograf
chronological	chronologický
chubby	kulaťoučký
chuck	sklíčidlo
chuckle	chuť
chug	supět
chum	kamarád
chummy	chummy
chump	vůl
chunk	kus
chunky	tlustý
church	kostel
churchyard	hřbitov
churn	máselnice
chute	padák
chutney	chutney
ciao	Čau
cider	jablečný mošt
cigar	doutník
cigarette	cigareta
cilantro	cilantro
cinch	cinch
cinder	oharek
cinema	kino
cinematic	filmové
cinematographer	kameraman
cinematography	kinematografie
cinnamon	skořice
cipher	šifra
circle	kruh
circling	kroužení
circuit	obvod
circuitry	obvodů
circular	oběžník
circulate	obíhat
circulation	oběh
circulatory	oběhový
circumcision	obřízka
circumference	obvod
circumferential	obvodový
circumscribed	vymezený
circumstance	okolnost
circumstances	okolnosti
circumstantial	nepřímé
circumvent	obejít
circumvention	obcházení
circus	cirkus
cirque	cirque
cirrhosis	cirhóza
cirrus	cirrus
cistern	cisterna
citadel	citadela
citation	citace
cite	uvést
citizen	občan
citizenship	občanství
citrine	citrin
citrus	citrus
city	město
citywide	v celém městě
civic	občanské
civics	Občanská výchova
civil	civilní
civilian	civilní
civilians	civilisté
civility	zdvořilost
civilization	civilizace
civilized	civilizovaný
clad	oblečený
claim	tvrzení
claimant	žadatel
clairvoyant	jasnovidec
clam	škeble
clambake	clambake
clammy	lepkavý
clamor	křik
clamp	svorka
clan	klan
clandestine	tajné
clang	zvonit
clap	tleskat
clapper	srdce zvonu
clapping	tleskání
clarification	vyjasnění
clarify	vyjasnit
clarinet	klarinet
clarion	klarinet
clarity	jasnost
clash	střet
clashing	střetnutí
clasp	spona
class	třída
classic	klasický
classic rock	klasický rock
classical	klasický
classics	klasika
classification	klasifikace
classified	klasifikovaný
classify	klasifikovat
classmate	spolužák
classroom	třída
classy	nóbl
clatter	klapot
clause	doložka
clauses	doložky
claustrophobia	klaustrofobie
claustrophobic	klaustrofobní
clavicle	klíční kost
claw	dráp
claws	drápy
clay	jíl
clean	čistý
cleaner	Čistič
cleaning	čištění
cleanliness	čistota
cleanly	čistě
cleanse	očistit
cleanser	čistící prostředek
cleansing	čištění
cleanup	čištění
clear	Průhledná
clearance	odbavení
clearing	zúčtování
clearness	průzračnost
cleat	příchytka
cleavage	výstřih
cleave	rozštípnout
cleaver	sekáček
clef	klíč
cleft	rozštěp
clemency	shovívavost
clench	sevřít
clergy	duchovenstvo
clergyman	duchovní
cleric	duchovní
clerical	administrativní
clerk	úředník
clerkship	clerkship
clever	chytrý
cleverness	chytrost
click	klikněte na tlačítko
clicker	clicker
client	klienta
clientele	klientela
cliff	útes
climate	klimatu
climatology	klimatologie
climax	vrchol
climb	stoupání
climber	horolezec
clinch	skoba
cling	lpět
clingy	přilnavý
clinic	klinika
clinical	klinický
clink	cinkat
clip	klip
clipboard	Schránka
clipper	klipr
clipping	výstřižek
clique	NO TRANSLATION
clitoris	klitoris
cloak	plášť
cloaking	maskování
cloakroom	šatna
clobber	hadry
clock	hodiny
clockwork	hodinky
clod	hrouda
clog	dřevák
cloister	klášter
clone	klon
cloning	klonování
close	zavřít
closed	Zavřeno
closeness	blízkost
closet	skříň
closure	uzavření
clot	sraženina
cloth	tkanina
clothe	obléct
clothes	oblečení
clothesline	prádelna
clothing	oblečení
cloud	mrak
clouded	zatažený
cloudiness	oblačnost
clouds	mraky
cloudy	oblačno
clout	vliv
clove	stroužek
clover	jetel
cloves	květy
clown	klaun
clowns	klauni
club	klub
clubhouse	klubovna
clubs	kluby
cluck	kdákat
clue	vodítko
clueless	bezradné
clump	shluk
clumsy	nemotorný
clunk	clunk
cluster	clusteru
clutch	spojka
clutches	spojky
clutter	nepořádek
coach	trenér
coachman	kočí
coagulation	koagulace
coal	uhlí
coalesce	spojit se
coalition	koalice
coarse	Hrubý
coast	pobřeží
coastal	pobřežní
coaster	tácek
coastline	pobřežní čára
coat	kabát
coating	povlak
coax	přemluvit
cobalt	kobalt
cobble	valoun
cobbler	Švec
cobra	kobra
cocaine	kokain
cock	kohout
cockamamie	cockamamie
cockeyed	kohouti
cockpit	kokpitu
cockroach	šváb
cocksucker	kohoutek
cocktail	koktejl
cocky	nafoukaný
cocoa	kakao
coconut	kokosový ořech
cocoon	kokon
cod	treska
code	kód
codeine	kodein
codex	kodex
codfish	treska
codification	kodifikace
codify	kodifikovat
coding	kódování
coed	coed
coefficient	součinitel
coerce	donutit
coercion	donucování
coercive	donucovací
coexist	koexistovat
coexistence	soužití
coexisting	coexisting
coffee	káva
coffee table	konferenční stolek
coffeehouse	kavárna
coffeepot	konvice na kávu
coffin	rakev
cog	cog
cogent	přesvědčivý
cognac	koňak
cognate	příbuzný
cognition	poznání
cognitive	poznávací
cohabitation	soužití
coherence	soudržnost
coherent	koherentní
cohesion	soudržnost
cohesive	soudržný
cohort	kohorta
coil	cívka
coiled	vinuté
coin	mince
coinage	ražba
coincide	shoduje se
coincidence	náhoda
coincident	coincident
coincidental	coincidental
coinciding	shodující se
coke	Kola
cola	cola
cold	Studený
coldly	chladně
coldness	chlad
coldsweat	NO TRANSLATION
coleslaw	zelný salát
colic	kolika
coliseum	koloseum
collaborate	spolupracovat
collaboration	spolupráce
collaborator	spolupracovník
collage	koláž
collagen	kolagen
collapse	kolaps
collar	límec
collarbone	klíční kost
collate	shromažďovat
collateral	vedlejší
collation	sčítání
colleague	kolega
collect	sbírat
collected	shromážděno
collection	sbírka
collective	kolektivní
collectively	kolektivně
collector	kolektor
college	vysoká škola
collegiate	kolegiátu
collide	kolidovat
collie	kolie
collision	kolize
collocation	kolokace
colloquial	hovorový
collusion	koluze
cologne	Kolín nad Rýnem
colon	dvojtečka
colonel	plukovník
colonial	koloniální
colonic	kolonie
colonoscopy	kolonoskopie
colony	kolonie
colophon	tiráž
color	barva
coloration	barvení
colored	barevný
colorful	barvitý
coloring	zbarvení
colorless	bezbarvý
colors	barvy
colossal	kolosální
colt	hříbě
columbine	orlíček
column	sloupec
columnar	sloupovitý
columnist	sloupkař
com	NO TRANSLATION
coma	kóma
comatose	komatózní
comb	Hřeben
combat	boj
combatant	bojovník
combative	bojovný
combination	kombinace
combinatorial	kombinační
combine	kombajn
combined	kombinovaný
combo	combo
combustible	hořlavý
combustion	spalování
come	Přijít
comeback	vrať se
comedian	komik
comedy	komedie
comet	kometa
comfort	pohodlí
comfortable	komfortní
comforter	šidítko
comforting	pohodlí
comfy	pohodlný
comic	komik
comical	komický
comics	komiks
coming	příchod
comma	čárka
command	příkaz
commandant	velitel
commandeer	commandeer
commander	velitel
commanding	řídit
commandment	přikázání
commando	komando
commemorate	připomínat
commemoration	připomenutí
commemorative	pamětní
commence	zahájit
commend	doporučit
commendable	chvályhodné
commendation	vyznamenání
commensurate	srovnatelné
comment	komentář
commentary	komentář
commentator	komentátor
commerce	komerce
commercial	komerční
commie	komouš
commissary	komisař
commission	komise
commissioner	komisař
commit	spáchat
commitment	závazek
committal	závazek
committed	angažovaný
committee	výbor
commodity	zboží
commodore	komodor
common	běžný
commoner	prostý občan
commonly	běžně
commonplace	všední
commons	commons
commonwealth	společenstvi
commotion	rozruch
communal	komunální
commune	komuna
communicable	přenosné
communicate	komunikovat
communication	sdělení
communicative	komunikativní
communicator	komunikátor
communion	společenství
communism	komunismus
communist	komunistický
community	společenství
commutation	komutace
commutative	komutativní
commute	dojíždět
commuter	dojíždějící
comp	komp
compact	kompaktní
compaction	zhutnění
compactness	kompaktnost
companion	společník
companionless	bez společníka
companionship	společnost
company	společnost
comparable	srovnatelný
comparative	srovnávací
comparatively	poměrně
compare	porovnat
comparison	srovnání
compartment	prostor
compass	kompas
compassion	soucit
compassionate	soucitný
compatibility	kompatibilita
compatible	kompatibilní
compel	přinutit
compelled	nucený
compelling	přesvědčivé
compendium	kompendium
compensate	kompenzovat
compensation	kompenzace
compensatory	náhradní
compete	soutěžit
competence	kompetence
competency	kompetence
competent	kompetentní
competition	soutěž
competitive	konkurenční
competitor	konkurent
compilation	sestavení
compile	kompilovat
complacency	uspokojení
complacent	spokojený
complain	stěžovat si
complaint	stížnost
complement	doplněk
complementary	komplementární
complete	kompletní
completed	dokončeno
completely	zcela
completeness	úplnost
completing	dokončení
completion	dokončení
complex	komplex
complexed	komplexní
complexion	pleť
complexity	složitost
compliance	dodržování
compliant	v souladu
complicate	komplikovat
complicated	složitý
complication	komplikace
complicity	spoluúčast
compliment	NO TRANSLATION
complimentary	bezplatně
comply	dodržovat
complying	dodržování
compo	kompost
component	komponent
compose	komponovat
composed	složen
composer	hudební skladatel
composite	kompozitní
composition	složení
compost	kompost
composure	klid
compound	sloučenina
comprehend	pochopit
comprehension	pochopení
comprehensive	obsáhlý
compress	komprimovat
compressed	stlačený
compressible	stlačitelný
compression	komprese
compressor	kompresor
comprise	obsahovat
compromise	kompromis
comptroller	kontrolor
compulsion	nutkání
compulsive	nutkavé
compulsory	povinný
computable	vypočitatelný
computation	výpočet
compute	vypočítat
computer	počítač
computerized	počítačový
computing	výpočetní
comrade	soudruh
con	NO TRANSLATION
concatenation	zřetězení
concave	konkávní
conceal	skrývat
concealed	skryté
concealment	zatajení
concede	připustit
conceit	domýšlivost
conceited	domýšlivý
conceivable	možné
conceive	otěhotnět
concentrate	soustřeď se
concentration	koncentrace
concentric	koncentrický
concept	pojem
conception	početí
concern	znepokojení
concerned	znepokojený
concert	koncert
concerto	koncert
concession	koncese
concessional	koncesní
conch	ulita
concierge	concierge
conciliation	smírčí řízení
concise	stručný
conclave	konkláve
conclude	uzavřít
concluding	závěr
conclusion	závěr
conclusive	rozhodující
concoction	směs
concomitant	průvodní
concord	svornost
concordance	shoda
concours	NO TRANSLATION
concourse	dav
concrete	beton
concubine	konkubína
concur	souběžně
concurrence	souběžnost
concurrent	souběžně
concurring	souběžně
concussion	otřes mozku
condemn	odsoudit
condemnation	odsouzení
condensation	kondenzace
condensed	kondenzované
condescending	blahosklonný
condescension	blahosklonnost
condiment	koření
condition	stav
conditional	podmiňovací způsob
conditionally	podmíněně
conditioned	klimatizováno
conditioner	kondicionér
conditioning	klimatizace
conditions	podmínky
condo	byt
condolence	soustrast
condolences	upřímná soustrast
condom	kondom
condone	přehlížet
condor	kondor
conducive	příznivé
conduct	chování
conduction	vedení
conductivity	vodivost
conductor	dirigent
conduit	potrubí
cone	kužel
confederacy	konfederace
confederate	komplic
confederation	konfederace
confer	přiznat
conference	konference
confess	Přiznej se
confession	zpověď
confessional	zpovědní
confessions	přiznání
confetti	konfety
confidant	důvěrník
confide	svěřit
confidence	důvěra
confident	sebejistý
confidential	důvěrné
confidentiality	důvěrnost
confidentially	NO TRANSLATION
configuration	konfigurace
confine	omezit
confined	stísněný
confinement	vězení
confines	hranice
confirm	potvrdit
confirmation	potvrzení
confirmatory	potvrzující
confirmed	potvrzeno
confiscate	zabavit
confiscation	konfiskace
conflagration	požár
conflict	konflikt
conflicting	konfliktní
confluence	soutok
conform	přizpůsobit
conformance	souladu
conformation	NO TRANSLATION
conformity	souladu
confound	zmást
confounded	zmatený
confront	konfrontovat
confrontation	konfrontace
confuse	zmást
confused	zmatený
confusing	matoucí
confusion	zmatek
conga	conga
congenial	kongeniální
congenital	kongenitální
congestion	přetížení
conglomerate	konglomerát
conglomeration	konglomerát
congrats	gratuluji
congratulate	blahopřeji
congratulation	blahopřání
congratulations	gratulace
congratulatory	blahopřejný
congregate	shromáždit
congregation	kongregace
congress	kongres
congressional	parlamentní
congressman	kongresman
congruence	shoda
conic	kónický
conical	kuželovitý
conjecture	dohad
conjugal	manželský
conjugate	sdružené
conjugation	časování
conjunction	spojení
conjunctive	konjunktivní
conjure	Vyvolat
conjuring	vykouzlí
conk	conk
connect	připojit
connected	připojeno
connection	spojení
connective	spojovací
connoisseur	znalec
conquer	dobýt
conquering	vítězící
conqueror	dobyvatel
conquest	dobytí
conscience	svědomí
conscientious	svědomitý
conscious	vědomí
consciousness	vědomí
conscription	odvod
consecrated	zasvěcený
consecration	zasvěcení
consecutive	po sobě
consensual	konsensuální
consensus	konsenzu
consent	souhlas
consenting	souhlasí
consequence	následek
consequent	následně
conservation	zachování
conservatism	konzervatismus
conservative	konzervativní
conservatory	konzervatoř
conserve	konzervovat
consider	zvážit
considerable	značný
considerate	ohleduplný
consideration	úvahy
consignee	příjemce
consignment	zásilka
consist	skládat se
consistency	konzistence
consistent	konzistentní
consolation	útěcha
console	utěšit
consoled	utěšené
consolidate	konsolidovat
consolidated	konsolidované
consolidation	konsolidace
consonant	souhláska
consort	choť
conspicuous	nápadný
conspiracy	spiknutí
conspirator	spiklenec
conspire	konspirovat
constable	konstantní
constancy	stálost
constant	konstantní
constantly	neustále
constellation	souhvězdí
consternation	zděšení
constipation	zácpa
constituency	volební obvod
constituent	složka
constituents	složek
constitute	představovat
constitution	ústava
constitutional	ústavní
constitutionality	ústavnost
constrain	omezit
constrained	omezené
constraint	omezení
construct	postavit
construction	konstrukce
constructive	konstruktivní
construe	vykládat
consul	konzul
consulate	konzulát
consult	konzultovat
consultant	konzultant
consultation	konzultace
consume	konzumovat
consumer	spotřebitel
consuming	náročné
consummate	suverénní
consummation	dovršení
consumption	spotřeba
contact	Kontakt
contagion	nákaza
contagious	nakažlivý
contain	obsahovat
container	kontejner
containment	omezení
contaminate	kontaminovat
contaminated	kontaminovaný
contamination	kontaminace
contemplate	rozjímat
contemplation	rozjímání
contemplative	rozjímavý
contemporaneous	současný
contemporary	moderní
contempt	opovržení
contemptible	opovrženíhodný
contemptuous	pohrdavý
contend	tvrdí
contender	uchazeč
contending	bojovat
content	obsah
contented	spokojený
contention	tvrzení
contentious	diskutabilní
contentment	spokojenost
contents	obsah
contest	soutěž
contestant	soutěžící
context	kontext
contiguous	souvislé
continence	zdrženlivost
continent	kontinent
continental	kontinentální
contingency	pohotovost
contingent	kontingent
continual	kontinuální
continually	neustále
continuance	trvání
continuation	pokračování
continue	pokračovat
continued	pokračovala
continuing	pokračování
continuity	kontinuita
continuous	kontinuální
continuously	nepřetržitě
continuum	kontinuum
contour	obrys
contraband	kontraband
contraception	antikoncepce
contract	smlouva
contracted	smlouvu
contractile	kontraktilní
contracting	uzavírání smluv
contraction	kontrakce
contractor	dodavatel
contradict	odporovat
contradiction	rozpor
contradictory	rozporuplné
contraption	mašinka
contrary	naopak
contrast	kontrast
contrasted	kontrastoval
contravene	v rozporu
contravention	porušení
contribute	přispět
contribution	příspěvek
contributor	přispěvatel
contrite	zkratka
contrition	kajícnost
contrived	nepřirozený
control	řízení
controller	ovladač
controlling	ovládání
controversial	kontroverzní
controversy	kontroverze
contusion	kontuze
conundrum	hádanka
convalescent	rekonvalescence
convection	proudění
convene	svolat
convenience	pohodlí
conveniences	komfort
convenient	pohodlné
convent	klášter
convention	konvence
conventional	konvenční
converge	konvergovat
convergence	konvergence
convergent	konvergentní
conversant	obeznámený
conversation	konverzace
conversational	konverzační
conversationalist	vyprávěč
converse	konverzovat
conversing	konverzace
conversion	konverze
convert	konvertovat
converted	převedeno
convertible	konvertibilní
convex	konvexní
convexity	konvexnost
convey	sdělit
conveyance	doprava
conveyancing	převedení
convict	odsoudit
conviction	přesvědčení
convince	přesvědčit
convinced	přesvědčený
convincing	přesvědčivý
convocation	svolání
convoluted	spletitý
convolution	konvoluce
convoy	konvoj
coo	vrkat
cook	kuchař
cookbook	kuchařka
cooker	vařič
cookery	kuchařství
cookie	cookie
cookies	cookies
cooking	vaření
cookout	cookout
cool	chladný
coolant	chladicí kapalina
cooler	chladič
cooling	chlazení
coolness	chlad
coon	coon
coop	coop
cooperate	spolupracovat
cooperating	spolupráce
cooperation	spolupráce
cooperative	družstevní
coordinate	koordinovat
coordination	koordinace
coordinator	koordinátor
cop	policajt
copacetic	NO TRANSLATION
cope	zvládnout
copier	kopírka
copilot	druhý pilot
coping	zvládnutí
copious	hojný
copper	měď
copter	copter
copy	kopírovat
copycat	imitátor
copying	kopírování
copyright	autorská práva
coral	korál
coral snake	korálový had
cord	kabel
cordial	srdečný
cordless	bezdrátový
cordon	kordon
corduroy	manšestr
core	jádro
cork	korek
corkscrew	vývrtka
corn	kukuřice
cornball	cornball
cornbread	kukuřičný chléb
cornea	rohovka
corned	corned
corner	roh
cornerstone	základní kámen
cornet	kornet
cornfield	obilné pole
cornflakes	kukuřičné vločky
cornice	římsa
cornstarch	kukuřičný škrob
corny	otřepaný
corollary	důsledek
corona	korona
coronary	koronární
coronation	korunovace
coroner	koroner
corporal	desátník
corporate	firemní
corporation	korporace
corporeal	tělesný
corps	sbor
corpse	mrtvola
corpsman	korpsman
corpus	korpus
corral	corral
correct	opravit
correction	oprava
correctional	nápravná
corrective	nápravná
correctness	správnost
correlation	korelace
correlative	korelativní
correspond	odpovídá
correspondence	korespondence
correspondent	korespondent
corresponding	odpovídající
corridor	koridor
corroborate	potvrdit
corroboration	potvrzení
corrosion	koroze
corrosive	korozívní
corrupt	zkorumpovaný
corrupting	poškozující
corruption	korupce
corsage	živůtek
corse	NO TRANSLATION
corset	korzet
cortex	kůra
cortical	kortikální
cortisone	kortizon
corvette	korveta
cosmetic	kosmetický
cosmetics	kosmetika
cosmic	vesmírný
cosmology	kosmologie
cosmopolitan	kosmopolitní
cosmos	kosmos
cost	náklady
costly	nákladné
costume	kostým
cosy	útulný
cot	dětská postýlka
cote	cote
cottage	chalupa
cotton	bavlna
couch	gauč
cougar	Puma
cough	kašel
council	rada
councilman	radní
counsel	poradce
counseling	poradenství
counsellor	poradce
counselor	poradce
count	spočítat
countdown	odpočítávání
countenance	vzezření
counter	čelit
counteract	působit proti
counterattack	protiútok
counterbalance	protiváha
counterclaim	protinárok
counterfeit	padělaný
counterpart	protějšek
counterpoint	kontrapunkt
countess	hraběnka
countless	bezpočet
country	země
countryman	krajan
countrymusic	NO TRANSLATION
countryside	venkov
counts	počítá
county	hrabství
coup	převrat
coupe	kupé
couple	pár
coupled	spojený
coupling	spojky
coupon	kupón
courage	odvaha
courageous	odvážný
courier	kurýr
courses	kurzy
coursing	coursing
court	soud
courteous	zdvořilý
courtesy	zdvořilost
courthouse	soud
courtroom	soudní síň
courts	soudů
courtship	námluvy
courtside	soudu
courtyard	nádvoří
cousin	bratranec
cousins	bratranci
cove	zátoka
coven	coven
covenant	smlouva
cover	Pokrýt
coverage	krytí
covered	pokryté
covering	krytina
covert	skryté
covet	požehnání
coveted	přemýšlel
cow	kráva
coward	zbabělec
cowardice	zbabělost
cowardly	zbabělý
cowboy	kovboj
cowgirl	kovbojka
cowhand	cowhand
cowhide	hovězí useň
cowl	krytu
coworker	spolupracovník
coy	upejpavý
coyote	kojot
cozy	útulný
crab	krab
crabby	crabby
crack	crack
cracked	popraskané
cracker	sušenka
crackerjack	crackerjack
cracking	praskání
crackle	praskání
crackpot	crackpot
cradle	kolébka
craft	řemeslo
crafts	řemesla
craftsman	řemeslník
craftsmanship	řemeslné zpracování
crafty	lstivý
craig	craig
cram	nacpat
crammed	zaplněný
cramp	křeč
cramped	stísněný
cranberry	brusinka
cranberry juice	brusinková šťáva
crane	jeřáb
cranial	lebeční
cranium	lebka
crank	klika
cranky	cranky
cranny	škvíra
crap	blbost
crappy	mizerný
craps	craps
crash	pád
crass	crass
crate	bedna
crater	kráter
crave	přání
craving	touha
crawfish	rak
crawl	plazit se
crayon	pastelka
crayons	pastelky
craze	posedlost
crazed	poblázněný
craziness	bláznovství
crazy	šílený
creak	vrzání
creaking	vrčení
cream	krém
creamed	krémová
creamer	smetana
creamy	krémová
crease	zkroucení
create	vytvořit
creation	stvoření
creative	tvořivý
creativity	tvořivost
creator	tvůrce
creature	stvoření
credence	víra
credential	pověření
credentials	pověření
credibility	důvěryhodnost
credible	důvěryhodný
credit	kredit
credit card	kreditní karta
creditable	NO TRANSLATION
credited	připočítáno
crediting	úvěrování
creditor	věřitel
creed	krédo
creek	potok
creep	plížit se
creeper	liána
creeping	plíživé
creepy	strašidelný
cremation	kremace
creole	kreolský
crepe	krep
crescendo	crescendo
crescent	půlměsíc
crest	hřeben
crestfallen	crestfallen
cretin	kretén
cretins	kretiny
crevice	štěrbina
crew	posádka
crewman	posádky
crib	betlém
cricket	kriket
cried	zvolal
crime	zločin
criminal	zločinec
criminality	kriminalita
crimp	krimpování
crimson	karmínový
cringe	krčit se
cripple	mrzák
crippled	zmrzačený
crippling	zmrzačení
crisis	krize
crisp	křupavý
crispy	křupavý
criterion	kritérium
critic	kritik
critical	kritické
criticise	kritizovat
criticism	kritika
criticize	kritizovat
criticized	kritizoval
critique	kritika
critter	critter
croak	kuňkat
croc	croc
crock	herka
crockery	nádobí
crocodile	krokodýl
croft	políčko
croissant	rohlík
crook	podvodník
crooked	křivý
crop	oříznutí
croquet	kroket
cross	přejít
cross country	cross country
crossbow	kuše
crossed	překřížený
crossfire	crossfire
crossing	přechod
crossover	crossover
crosswalk	přechod
crossword	křížovka
crotch	rozkrok
crouch	kroutit
crouched	přikrčený
crouching	krčí
croupier	krupiér
crow	vrána
crowbar	páčidlo
crowd	dav
crowded	přeplněný
crowds	davy
crown	koruna
crowning	korunovat
crucial	rozhodující
cruciate	křížem
crucifix	krucifix
crucifixion	ukřižování
crucify	ukřižovat
crud	surový
crude	surový
cruel	krutý
cruelly	krutě
cruelty	krutost
cruise	plavba
cruise ship	výletní loď
cruiser	křižník
cruising	cestování
crumb	strouhanka
crumble	rozpadnout se
crumbling	rozpadat se
crummy	mizerný
crunch	krize
crunchy	křupavý
crusade	křížová výprava
crusader	křižák
crush	rozdrtit
crushed	rozdrcený
crusher	drtič
crushing	zdrcující
crust	kůra
crusty	křupavý
crutch	berle
crux	hlavní
cry	plakat
crybaby	uplakánek
crying	pláč
crypt	krypta
cryptic	tajemství
cryptography	kryptografie
crystal	krystal
crystalline	krystalický
crystallization	krystalizace
cub	mládě
cubby	cubby
cube	krychle
cubic	krychlový
cubicle	kóje
cuckold	paroháč
cuckoo	kukačka
cucumber	okurka
cuddle	hýčkat
cuddled	mazlení
cuddles	mazlíčky
cuddling	mazlení
cue	tágo
cuff	manžeta
cuisine	kuchyně
culinary	kulinární
cull	cull
culminate	vyvrcholit
culmination	vyvrcholení
culpability	trestuhodnost
culpable	vinný
culprit	viník
cult	kult
cultivate	kultivovat
cultivated	kultivovaný
cultivation	pěstování
cultural	kulturní
culture	kultura
cultured	kultivovaný
culvert	propustek
cumbersome	těžkopádný
cumulus	kupa
cunning	mazaný
cunt	cunt
cup	pohár
cupboard	skříňka
cupcake	cupcake
cupping	skládání
cur	voříšek
curable	léčitelná
curate	kaplan
curative	léčebný
curator	kurátor
curb	obrubník
curd	tvaroh
cure	lék
curfew	zákaz vycházení
curiosity	zvědavost
curious	zvědavý
curl	kučera
curling	curling
currency	měna
current	aktuální
curriculum	osnovy
curry	kari
curse	kletba
cursed	prokletý
cursing	prokletí
cursory	zběžný
curt	curt
curtail	omezit
curtailment	zkrácení
curtain	záclona
curtains	záclony
curtsy	pukrle
curvature	zakřivení
curve	křivka
curved	zakřivený
curvilinear	křivočarý
cushion	polštář
cushy	pohodlný
cusp	hrot
cuss	cuss
cussed	cussed
custard	pudink
custodial	custodial
custodian	správce
custody	péče
custom	Zvyk
customary	obvyklý
customer	zákazník
customized	přizpůsobené
cut	střih
cutaneous	kožní
cute	roztomilý
cuticle	pokožka
cutie	hezká
cutlass	skříň
cutlery	příbory
cutoff	odříznout
cutter	řezač
cutters	řezačky
cutthroat	bezohledný
cutting	řezání
cutting board	řezací deska
cuttings	výstřižky
cwt	cwt
cyanide	kyanid
cyberspace	kyberprostor
cycle	cyklus
cyclical	cyklické
cyclist	cyklista
cyclone	cyklón
cylinder	válec
cylindrical	válcový
cymbal	činel
cynic	cynik
cynical	cynický
cynicism	cynismus
cyst	cysta
cystic	cystická
cytomegalovirus	cytomegaloviru
cytoplasm	cytoplazma
czar	car
dab	dab
dabble	fušovat
dabbling	dabling
dad	Táto
daddy	tatínek
dado	NO TRANSLATION
daemon	démon
daft	Daft
dagger	dýka
daily	denně
dainty	lahůdka
daiquiri	daiquiri
dairy	Mléčné výrobky
daisy	sedmikráska
dak	NO TRANSLATION
dale	dale
dam	přehrada
damage	poškození
damaged	poškozené
damages	škody
dame	dáma
damn	sakra
damnation	zatracení
damned	zatracený
damp	vlhký
dampened	tlumené
damper	tlumič
damsel	slečna
dance	tanec
dancer	tanečník
dancing	tanec
dandruff	lupy
dandy	dandy
danger	nebezpečí
dangerous	nebezpečný
dangerously	nebezpečně
dangit	NO TRANSLATION
dangle	klátit
dank	NO TRANSLATION
dapper	elegantní
dare	odváží se
daredevil	opovážlivec
daresay	daresay
daring	odvážný
dark	temný
darken	tmavší
darkened	tmavé
darkly	temně
darkness	tma
darkroom	temná místnost
darkside	temná strana
darling	zlatíčko moje
darn	látat
dart	šipka
dash	pomlčka
dashboard	přístrojová deska
dashed	přerušil
dashing	tichý
dastardly	podrážděně
data	data
database	databáze
date	datum
datenight	NO TRANSLATION
daughter	dcera
dawdle	loudat se
dawn	svítání
dawned	svítí
day	den
daybreak	svítání
daycare	denní péče
daydream	snít
daydreaming	denní snění
daylight	denní světlo
daymade	NO TRANSLATION
dayoff	NO TRANSLATION
daytime	během dne
daze	omámení
dazed	omámený
dazzle	oslnit
dazzling	oslnivý
deacon	jáhen
deactivate	deaktivovat
dead	mrtví
deadbeat	deadbeat
deadline	Uzávěrka
deadlines	lhůty
deadlock	zablokování
deadly	smrtící
deaf	Hluchý
deafening	ohlušující
deafness	hluchota
deal	obchod
dealer	obchodník
dealership	obchodní zastoupení
dealing	jednání
dealings	jednání
dean	děkan
dear	milý
dearest	nejdražší
dearth	dearth
death	smrt
deathbed	smrtelná postel
deathly	smrtelné
debacle	debakl
debased	znehodnoceno
debatable	diskutabilní
debate	rozprava
debauchery	zhýralost
debenture	dluhopis
debilitating	vysilující
debit	debet
debrief	debrief
debriefing	debriefing
debris	trosky
debt	dluh
debtor	dlužník
debut	debut
debutante	debutante
decade	desetiletí
decadence	dekadence
decadent	dekadentní
decaf	káva bez kofeinu
decanter	dekantér
decathlon	desetiboj
decay	rozklad
decayed	rozpadl
decaying	rozpadu
deceased	zemřel
decedent	zesnulý
deceit	podvod
deceitful	lstivý
deceive	oklamat
deceived	podvedl
deceiving	klamavý
december	prosinec
decency	slušnost
decent	slušný
deception	klamání
deceptive	klamavý
decide	rozhodni se
decidedly	rozhodně
deciduous	opadavý
decimal	desetinný
decimeter	decimetr
decipher	rozluštit
decision	rozhodnutí
decisive	rozhodující
deck	paluba
declaration	prohlášení
declaratory	deklaratorní
declare	prohlásit
declination	deklinace
decline	pokles
declining	klesající
deco	deko
decode	dekódovat
decoder	dekodér
decompose	rozložit
decomposed	rozloženo
decomposition	rozklad
decompress	dekomprimovat
decompression	dekomprese
decontamination	dekontaminace
decor	výzdoba
decorate	vyzdobit
decorating	zdobení
decoration	dekorace
decorative	dekorativní
decorator	dekorátor
decorum	dekorum
decoy	vějička
decrease	pokles
decreased	snížena
decreasing	klesající
decree	dekret
decrement	snížení
decrepit	vetchý
decry	dekády
decryption	dešifrování
dedicate	věnovat
dedication	obětavost
deduce	odvodit
deduct	odečíst
deductible	odčitatelné
deduction	dedukce
deed	listina
deejay	deejay
deem	domnívat se
deep	hluboký
deepen	prohloubit
deer	Jelen
defamation	hanobení
defamatory	hanlivý
default	výchozí
defeat	porazit
defeated	poražen
defeatist	defeatista
defect	přeběhnout
defection	zběhnutí
defective	vadný
defector	přeběhlík
defend	hájit
defendant	žalovaný
defended	bránil
defender	obránce
defending	obrana
defense	obrana
defenseless	bezbranný
defensible	obhajitelný
defensive	obranný
defer	odložit
deference	úcta
deferral	odložení
deferring	odložení
defiance	vzdor
defiant	vzdorný
defibrillator	defibrilátor
deficiency	nedostatek
deficient	nedostatečný
deficit	deficit
define	definovat
defined	definované
definite	určitý
definition	definice
definitive	definitivní
deflate	deflate
deflation	deflace
deflect	odklonit
deflection	výchylka
defloration	deflorace
deform	deformovat
deformed	deformovaný
deformity	deformita
defraud	podvést
defray	uhradit
defrost	odmrazování
deft	obratný
defunct	zaniklý
defuse	zneškodnit
defy	vzdorovat
degeneracy	degenerace
degenerate	degenerovat
degeneration	degenerace
degradation	degradace
degrade	degradovat
degraded	degradován
degrading	ponižující
degree	stupeň
dehydrated	dehydratovaný
dehydration	dehydratace
dejected	sklíčený
delay	zpoždění
delayed	zpožděné
delectable	utěšený
delegate	delegát
delegation	delegace
delete	vymazat
deleterious	škodlivé
deletion	vymazání
deli	deli
deliberate	záměrný
deliberation	uvažování
deliberative	poradní
delicacy	pochoutka
delicate	jemné
delicatessen	lahůdky
delicious	Lahodné
delight	rozkoš
delighted	potěšen
delightful	nádherné
delineate	vymezit
delineation	vymezení
delinquency	kriminalita
delinquent	delikvent
delirious	deliriózní
delirium	delirium
deliver	dodat
deliverance	vysvobození
delivery	dodávka
dell	dell
delta	delta
delude	podvod
deluge	potopa
delusion	iluzi
delusional	bludný
deluxe	deluxe
delve	ponořit se
demand	poptávka
demanding	náročný
demeaned	demeaned
demeaning	ponižující
demeanor	chování
demented	dementní
dementia	demence
demise	demise
demo	demo
democracy	demokracie
democrat	demokrat
democratic	demokratický
demographic	demografický
demolish	strhnout
demolished	zničen
demolition	demolice
demon	démon
demonic	démonický
demonstrable	prokazatelný
demonstrate	prokázat
demonstrated	prokázáno
demonstrating	demonstrovat
demonstration	demonstrace
demonstrative	demonstrativní
demonstrator	demonstrátor
demoralized	demoralizovaný
demos	demos
demure	upejpavý
den	NO TRANSLATION
deniability	deniability
denial	odmítnutí
denied	popřel
denim	denim
denomination	označení
denominational	denominační
denominator	jmenovatel
denote	označit
denounce	vypovědět
dense	hustý
density	hustota
dent	důlek
dental	zubní
dentist	zubař
dentistry	zubní lékařství
dentists	zubní lékaři
denunciation	vypovězení
deny	odmítnout
denying	popírání
deodorant	deodorant
depart	odjet
departed	odešel
department	oddělení
departmental	resortní
departure	odchod
depend	záviset
dependable	spolehlivý
dependant	závislé
dependence	závislost
dependency	závislost
dependent	závislé
depict	zobrazovat
depicting	zobrazovat
depletion	vyčerpání
deplorable	žalostný
deplore	lituji
deploy	nasazení
deployment	rozvinutí
deport	deportovat
deportation	deportace
depose	sesadit
deposit	vklad
depositary	depozitáře
deposition	depozice
depository	úschovna
depot	sklad
depraved	zkažený
depravity	znechucení
depreciate	znehodnotit
depreciated	znehodnoceno
depreciation	amortizace
depress	stlačte
depressed	deprimovaný
depressing	depresivní
depression	Deprese
depressive	depresivní
depresson	NO TRANSLATION
deprivation	deprivace
deprive	zbavit
deprived	zbaveno
depth	hloubka
deputy	náměstek
derail	vykolejit
deranged	rozrušený
derelict	opuštěný
derision	výsměch
derivation	derivace
derivative	derivát
derive	odvodit
dermal	kožní
dermatologist	dermatolog
dermatology	dermatologie
derogation	odchylky
derogatory	hanlivý
descend	sestoupit
descendant	potomek
descendent	NO TRANSLATION
descending	klesající
descent	klesání
describe	popsat
description	popis
descriptive	popisný
desecrate	znesvětit
desecration	znesvěcení
desert	poušť
deserted	opuštěný
deserter	dezertér
desertion	dezerce
deserve	zasloužit si
deserved	zasloužený
deserving	zaslouží si
design	design
designate	určit
designated	označeno
designation	označení
designed	navrženo
designer	návrhář
designing	navrhování
desirability	žádoucí
desirable	žádoucí
desire	touha
desiring	touží
desirous	touží
desist	přestat
desk	lavice
desolate	pustý
desolation	zpustošení
despair	zoufalství
despairing	zoufalý
despatch	expedice
desperado	zoufalec
desperate	zoufalý
desperation	zoufalství
despicable	opovrženíhodný
despise	opovrhovat
despondent	sklíčený
despotic	despotický
despotism	despotismus
dessert	dezert
destination	destinace
destined	určený
destiny	osud
destitute	opuštěný
destroy	zničit
destroyed	zničeno
destroyer	ničitel
destroying	ničení
destruct	zničit
destruction	zničení
destructive	destruktivní
detach	odpojit
detached	oddělené
detachment	oddělení
detail	detail
detailed	detailní
details	podrobnosti
detain	zadržet
detainee	zadržená osoba
detect	detekovat
detectable	detekovatelné
detection	detekce
detective	detektivní
detector	detektor
detention	zadržení
deter	odradit
detergent	čisticí prostředek
deteriorate	zhoršit
deteriorated	poškozen
deteriorating	zhoršující se
deterioration	zhoršení
determinable	určitelná
determinate	určit
determination	odhodlání
determine	určit
determined	odhodlaný
deterrent	odstrašující
detest	nenávidět
detestation	ošklivost
detonate	vybuchnout
detonation	detonace
detonator	rozbuška
detour	objížďka
detract	znehodnotit
detriment	újma
detrimental	škodlivý
detritus	detritus
deuce	čert
deutschmark	deutschmark
devalued	devalvováno
devastate	zpustošit
devastated	zničený
devastating	zničující
devastation	devastace
develop	rozvíjet
developer	vývojář
developing	rozvíjející se
development	rozvoj
deviant	deviantní
deviate	odchýlit se
deviating	odchylovat
deviation	odchylka
device	přístroj
devil	ďábel
deviled	devil
devilish	ďábelský
devious	křivolaký
devise	vymyslet
devoid	bez
devolution	decentralizace
devolve	přenést
devote	věnovat
devoted	oddaný
devotee	oddaný
devotion	oddanost
devotional	oddanost
devour	pohltit
devout	zbožný
dew	rosa
dexter	dexter
dexterity	šikovnost
dextrose	dextróza
diabetes	diabetes
diabetic	diabetik
diabolical	ďábelský
diagnose	diagnostikovat
diagnosis	diagnóza
diagnostic	diagnostický
diagnostics	diagnostika
diagonal	úhlopříčka
diagram	diagram
dial	vytáčení
dialect	dialekt
dialectic	dialektický
dialogue	dialog
dialysis	dialýza
diameter	průměr
diamond	diamant
diamonds	diamanty
diaper	plena
diaphragm	membrána
diarrhea	průjem
diarrhoea	průjem
diary	deník
diatribe	invektiva
dib	NO TRANSLATION
dibs	syrský sirup
dice	kostky
dicey	riskantní
dichotomous	dichotomický
dichotomy	dichotomie
dick	dick
dickhead	dickhead
dicks	dicks
dictate	diktovat
dictation	diktát
dictator	diktátor
dictatorial	diktátorský
dictatorship	diktatura
diction	dikce
dictionary	slovník
dictum	NO TRANSLATION
didactic	didaktický
diddle	ošidit
die	NO TRANSLATION
died	zemřel
diesel	motorová nafta
diet	strava
dietary	dietní
differ	lišit
difference	rozdíl
differences	rozdíly
different	odlišný
differential	rozdíl
differentiation	diferenciace
differently	jinak
differing	liší se
difficult	obtížný
difficulties	potíže
difficulty	obtížnost
diffuse	šířit
diffusion	difúze
dig	NO TRANSLATION
digest	strávit
digestion	trávení
digestive	zažívací
digit	číslice
digital	digitální
dignified	důstojný
dignify	poctít
dignity	důstojnost
digress	odbočit
digs	podnájem
dike	hráz
dilapidated	zchátralý
dilatation	dilatace
dilation	dilatace
dildo	dildo
dilemma	dilema
diligence	pečlivost
diligent	pilný
dill	kopr
diluent	ředící
dilute	zředit
diluted	zředěný
dilution	ředění
dim	ztlumit
dime	deseticent
dimension	dimenze
dimensional	dimenzionální
diminish	snížit
diminished	snížena
diminution	zmenšení
diminutive	zdrobnělina
dimwit	dimwit
din	NO TRANSLATION
dine	večeřet
diner	večeře
dinghy	malý člun
dingo	dingo
dingy	omšelý
dining	stravování
dinky	hezoučký
dinner	večeře
dinnertime	čas večeře
dinosaur	dinosaurus
dint	dint
diocesan	diecézní
diocese	diecéze
diorama	dioramu
dioxide	dioxidu
dip	ponoření
diploma	diplom
diplomacy	diplomacie
diplomat	diplomat
diplomatic	diplomatický
dipper	lžíce
dippy	namočený
dipstick	měrka
dire	NO TRANSLATION
direct	Přímo
directed	řízené
direction	směr
directive	směrnice
directly	přímo
director	ředitel
directory	adresář
dirt	špína
dirty	špinavý
disability	postižení
disable	zakázat
disabled	zakázáno
disadvantage	nevýhoda
disaffected	nespokojen
disagree	nesouhlasit
disagreeable	nepříjemný
disagreeing	nesouhlasím
disagreement	nesouhlas
disallow	zakázat
disallowed	zakázáno
disapointment	NO TRANSLATION
disappear	zmizet
disappearance	zmizení
disappearing	mizí
disappoint	zklamat
disappointed	zklamaný
disappointing	zklamání
disappointment	zklamání
disapproval	nesouhlas
disapprove	neschválit
disapproved	zamítnuto
disapproving	nesouhlasí
disarm	odzbrojit
disarray	zmatek
disaster	katastrofa
disastrous	katastrofální
disband	rozpustit
disbelief	nevíra
disbelieve	nevěřit
disburse	vyplácet
disbursement	vyplácení
disc	disk
discard	vyřadit
discarded	vyřazeno
discards	výmětů
discern	rozeznat
discernible	rozlišitelné
discerning	náročné
discernment	rozlišování
discharge	vybít
disciple	žák
disciplinary	disciplinární
discipline	disciplína
disciplined	disciplinované
disclaim	odmítnout
disclaimer	odmítnutí odpovědnosti
disclose	zveřejnit
disclosed	zveřejněno
disclosure	zveřejnění
disco	disko
discoloration	odbarvení
discolored	vybledlé
discomfort	nepohodlí
disconcerted	znepokojen
disconcerting	znepokojující
disconnect	odpojit
disconnected	odpojeno
disconnection	odpojení
disconnects	odpojení
discontent	nespokojenost
discontinuance	zastavení
discontinue	přestat
discontinuity	diskontinuita
discontinuous	diskontinuální
discord	svár
discount	sleva
discounted	diskontováno
discourage	odradit
discouraged	odradit
discouragement	odrazování
discouraging	odrazující
discourse	diskursu
discover	objevit
discovery	objev
discredit	diskreditovat
discredited	diskreditován
discreet	NO TRANSLATION
discrepancy	rozpor
discrete	oddělený
discretion	uvážení
discretionary	diskreční
discriminate	diskriminovat
discriminating	diskriminující
discrimination	diskriminace
discus	disk
discuss	diskutovat
discussion	diskuse
disdain	pohrdání
disdainful	pohrdavý
disease	choroba
diseased	nemocný
disembodied	bez vycpávky
disengage	odpojit
disengagement	uvolnění
disfigured	znetvořený
disgrace	ostuda
disgraced	znechucen
disgraceful	hanebný
disgruntled	nespokojený
disguise	přestrojení
disguised	skryté
disgust	hnus
disgusted	znechucený
disgusting	nechutný
dish	jídlo
disheartened	dezertován
disheartening	deprimující
dishonest	nečestný
dishonesty	nepoctivost
dishonor	hanba
dishonorable	nečestný
dishwasher	myčka
disillusionment	rozčarování
disinclination	nechuť
disincline	být neochotný
disinclined	neochotně
disinfect	dezinfikovat
disinfectant	dezinfekční prostředek
disinfection	dezinfekce
disinformation	dezinformace
disingenuous	neústupný
disintegrate	rozpadat
disintegration	rozpad
disinterested	nezaujatý
disjoint	disjoint
disjointed	nesouvislý
disjunctive	disjunktivní
disk	disk
diskette	disketa
dislike	nemít rád
disliked	neměl rád
disliking	nelíbí se
dislocated	dislokováno
dislocation	dislokace
dislodge	vytlačit
disloyal	neloajální
disloyalty	neloajálnost
dismal	tristní
dismantle	demontovat
dismay	zděšení
dismayed	zděšený
dismemberment	rozdělení
dismiss	propustit
dismissal	propuštění
dismissive	odmítavý
dismount	sesednout
disobedience	neposlušnost
disobedient	neposlušný
disobey	neuposlechnout
disorder	porucha
disordered	neuspořádané
disorderly	nepořádně
disorganized	neorganizovaný
disorientation	dezorientace
disoriented	dezorientovaný
disown	popřít
disparage	znevažovat
disparaging	znepokojující
disparate	odlišné
disparity	disparita
dispassionate	nestoudné
dispatch	odeslání
dispatcher	odesílatel
dispel	rozptýlit
dispensary	lékárna
dispensation	dispenzace
dispense	vydávat
dispenser	dávkovač
dispersal	rozptýlení
disperse	rozptýlit
dispersed	rozptýlené
dispersion	disperze
dispirited	deprimovaný
displace	přemístit
displaced	vysídlených
displacement	přemístění
displacency	znepokojení
display	Zobrazit
displease	nelíbí se
displeased	nespokojen
displeasure	nelibost
disposable	jednorázový
disposal	likvidace
dispose	likvidovat
disposed	uspořádány
disposition	dispozice
dispossessed	vyřazen
disprove	vyvrátit
dispute	spor
disqualification	diskvalifikace
disqualified	diskvalifikovaný
disqualify	diskvalifikovat
disquieted	znepokojen
disregard	ignorovat
disregarded	ignorováno
disrelish	nemít rád
disreputable	pochybný
disrepute	špatná pověst
disrespect	neúcta
disrespectful	neuctivý
disrupt	narušit
disrupting	narušení
disruption	narušení
disruptive	rušivý
dissatisfaction	nespokojenost
dissatisfied	nespokojený
dissect	pitvat
dissection	pitva
disseminate	šířit
dissemination	šíření
dissension	neshoda
dissent	nesouhlasit
dissenting	nesouhlasí
dissertation	disertační práce
disservice	slabost
dissident	disident
dissimilar	odlišný
dissipate	rozptýlit
dissipated	rozptýlena
dissociation	disociace
dissociative	disociativní
dissolution	rozpuštění
dissolve	rozpustit
dissonance	disonance
dissuade	odradit
distal	distální
distance	vzdálenost
distant	vzdálený
distaste	nechuť
distasteful	odporný
distillate	destilátu
distillation	destilace
distilled	destilované
distinct	odlišný
distinction	rozdíl
distinctive	rozlišovací
distinguish	rozlišovat
distinguishable	rozlišitelné
distinguished	rozlišoval
distinguishing	rozlišovací
distort	zkreslit
distorted	zkreslené
distortion	zkreslení
distract	rozptýlit
distracted	roztržitý
distracting	rozptýlení
distraction	rozptýlení
distraught	rozrušený
distress	nouze
distressed	v nouzi
distressing	tíživé
distribute	distribuovat
distribution	rozdělení
distributor	distributor
district	okres
distrust	nedůvěra
disturb	rušit
disturbance	rušení
disturbed	narušený
disturbing	rušivý
disuse	nepoužívejte
disused	nepoužívá
ditch	příkop
ditto	totéž
ditty	popěvek
diurnal	denní
diva	diva
divan	NO TRANSLATION
dive	potápět
diver	potápěč
diverge	rozcházejí
divergence	divergence
divergent	divergentní
diverging	odlišné
divers	potápěči
diverse	různorodé
diversified	různorodé
diversify	diverzifikovat
diversion	zneužívání
diversionary	diversionary
diversity	rozmanitost
divert	odklonit
diverting	přesměrování
divest	zbavit
divested	odevzdáno
divestment	prodeje
divide	rozdělit
divided	rozdělený
dividend	dividenda
divination	věštění
divine	božský
divinity	božství
divisible	dělitelný
division	divize
divisor	dělitel
divorce	rozvod
divorcee	rozvodce
divulge	prozradit
divvy	divvy
dizziness	závrať
dizzy	závratě
do	dělat
doable	realizovatelné
doc	doc
docile	poslušný
dock	dok
docked	ukotvená
docket	docket
docking	dokování
doctor	doktor
doctorate	doktorát
doctrinal	doktrinální
doctrine	doktrína
document	dokument
documentary	dokumentární
documentation	dokumentace
documents	dokumenty
dodge	vyhnout se
dodger	Dodger
dodging	vyhýbat se
dodgy	riskantní
dodo	dodo
doe	srna
doer	muž činu
dog	Pes
dogface	psí obličej
dogged	chůze
doggy	psí
doghouse	Bouda pro psa
dogma	dogma
dogmatic	dogmatický
dogsick	NO TRANSLATION
doings	akce
doit	NO TRANSLATION
dojo	dojo
doldrums	doldrums
dole	dole
doll	panenka
dollar	dolar
dollhouse	domeček pro panenky
dolor	NO TRANSLATION
dolphin	delfín
domain	doména
dome	kupole
domestic	domácí
domesticated	domestikovaný
domestication	domestikace
domicile	bydliště
domiciled	bydliště
dominance	dominance
dominant	dominantní
dominate	ovládat
dominating	dominuje
domination	nadvláda
dominatrix	dominatrix
dominion	panství
domino	domino
don	don
donate	darovat
donation	dar
donkey	osel
donor	dárce
dontlikeyou	NO TRANSLATION
dontmess	NO TRANSLATION
dontmesswithme	dontmesswithme
dontpanic	dontpanic
dontunderstand	NO TRANSLATION
doodle	čmáranice
doom	osud
doomed	odsouzený
doomsday	soudný den
door	dveře
doorbell	domovní zvonek
doorknob	klika na kliky
doorman	vrátný
doormat	rohožka
doornail	dveřní hřeb
doorstep	prahu
doorway	vchod
dopamine	dopaminu
dope	drogy
dopey	drogy
dork	dork
dorky	dorky
dorm	kolej
dormant	spící
dormitory	ubytovna
dorsal	hřbetní
dosage	dávkování
dose	dávka
dossier	dokumentaci
dot	tečka
doting	doting
dotted	tečkovaný
dotty	praštěný
double	dvojnásobek
doubled	zdvojnásobil
doublet	dublet
doubling	zdvojnásobení
doubt	pochybovat
doubtful	pochybný
doubting	pochybovat
doubtless	nepochybně
doubts	pochybnosti
douche	sprcha
douchebags	douchebags
dough	těsto
doughboy	doughboy
doughnut	Kobliha
dour	zarputilý
douse	uhasit
dove	holubice
down	dolů
downcast	downcast
downer	sedativum
downfall	pád
downfield	dolů
downhearted	sklíčený
downhill	sjezd
download	stažení
downpour	liják
downright	jasně
downriver	dolů
downside	spodní strana
downtime	prostoje
downward	dolů
downy	peřový
dowry	věno
doze	dávka
dozen	tucet
drab	jednotvárný
draft	návrh
drafty	vystavený průvanu
drag	táhnout
dragon	drak
dragonfly	vážka
drain	vypouštění
drainage	odvodnění
drained	vyčerpaný
draining	vypouštění
drainpipe	okapová roura
drake	kačer
drama	drama
dramaqueen	NO TRANSLATION
dramatic	dramatický
drape	přikrýt
drapery	textil
drastic	drastický
drat	NO TRANSLATION
draught	návrh
draw	kreslit
drawback	nevýhodou
drawbridge	padací most
drawer	šuplík
drawers	šuplíky
drawing	výkres
dread	strach
dreaded	obávaný
dreadful	strašlivý
dreadfully	strašně
dreading	děsivý
dream	sen
dreamboat	dreamboat
dreamer	snílek
dreaming	sní
dreamland	zasněnost
dreams	sny
dreamt	snil
dreamy	zasněný
dreary	hrozné
dredge	hloubit
drenched	vyčerpaný
dress	šaty
dresser	prádelník
dressmaker	švadlena
dressy	elegantní
dribble	NO TRANSLATION
dried	sušené
drier	sušička
drift	drift
drifted	unavený
drifter	tulák
driftwood	naplavené dříví
drill	vrtat
drink	napít se
drinker	pijan
drinking	pití
drinks	nápoje
drip	odkapávat
dripping	kapající
drive	řídit
drivel	blábol
driver	Řidič
driveway	příjezdová cesta
drizzle	mrholení
droll	komický
drone	trubec
drones	drones
drool	slintat
drooping	klesá
droopy	droopy
drop	pokles
droplet	kapička
dropout	odchod
dropper	kapátko
drought	sucho
drove	NO TRANSLATION
drown	utopit
drowsiness	ospalost
drowsy	ospalý
drudgery	dřina
drug	lék
drug dealing	obchod s drogami
drugged	omámený
druggist	lékárník
drugs	drogy
drugstore	lékárna
druid	druid
drum	buben
drummer	bubeník
drumming	bubnování
drunk	opilý
drunk driving	řízení pod vlivem alkoholu
drunkard	opilec
drunken	opilý
drunkenness	opilost
dry	suchý
dryer	sušička
dryness	suchost
dual	dvojí
dualism	dualismus
duality	dualita
dub	dabovat
dubious	pochybný
duchess	vévodkyně
duck	kachna
ducking	kohoutek
duckling	kachňátko
ducky	drahoušek
duct	potrubí
ductile	tvárné
dud	dud
dude	kámo
duds	duds
due	z důvodu
duel	souboj
dues	poplatky
duet	duet
duffel	duffel
dugout	zákop
duh	duh
duke	vévoda
dull	nudný
dullard	tupec
dumb	němý
dumbasses	dumbasses
dumbbell	činka
dumbbitch	NO TRANSLATION
dumfound	dumfound
dumfounder	NO TRANSLATION
dummy	figurína
dump	skládka
dumpling	knedlík
dumps	skládky
dumpster	dumpster
dun	dun
dunce	hlupák
dune	duna
dung	NO TRANSLATION
dungeon	žalář
dunk	dunk
duo	duo
dupe	napálit
duplex	duplex
duplicate	duplikát
duplication	zdvojení
duplicity	duplicitě
durability	trvanlivost
durable	odolný
duration	doba trvání
duress	nátlak
dusk	soumrak
dusky	šerý
dust	prach
duster	prachovka
dustpan	lopatka na smetí
dusty	zaprášený
dutiful	svědomitý
duty	povinnost
dwarf	trpaslík
dwarfed	trpasličí
dweeb	dweeb
dwell	přebývat
dweller	obyvatel
dwelling	obydlí
dye	barvivo
dying	umírající
dyke	hráz
dynamic	dynamický
dynamical	dynamické
dynamics	dynamika
dynamite	dynamit
dynamo	dynamo
dynasty	dynastie
dysentery	úplavice
dysfunction	dysfunkce
dysfunctional	nefunkční
dyspepsia	dyspepsie
eager	dychtivý
eagerness	dychtivost
eagle	orel
ear	ucho
earful	uši
earl	hrabě
earlier	dříve
early	brzy
earn	vydělat
earnest	seriózní
earnestly	vážně
earnestness	vážnost
earnings	zisk
earpiece	sluchátko
earring	náušnice
earrings	náušnice
earshot	doslech
earth	Země
earthenware	kamenina
earthling	pozemní
earthly	pozemský
earthquake	zemětřesení
earthy	zemitý
ease	ulehčit
easel	stojan
easement	ulehčení
easily	snadno
east	východní
eastbound	na východ
eastern	východní
easy	snadný
easygoing	ležérní
eat	jíst
eater	jedlík
eating	jíst
eatingdisorders	NO TRANSLATION
eavesdrop	poslouchat
eavesdropping	odposlouchávání
ebb	odliv
ebony	eben
ebullient	vzrušující
eccentric	výstřední
eccentricity	excentricita
ecclesiastical	církevní
echelon	echelon
echinacea	echinacea
echo	echo
eclectic	eklektický
eclipse	zatmění
ecliptic	ekliptický
ecological	ekologický
economic	hospodářský
economical	hospodárný
economics	ekonomika
economy	ekonomika
ecosystem	ekosystému
ecstasy	extáze
ecstatic	extatický
ecumenical	ekumenický
eddy	vír
edema	otok
edge	okraj
edging	lemování
edgy	podrážděný
edible	jedlý
edict	edict
edification	poučení
edifice	budova
edit	Upravit
editing	editace
edition	edice
editor	editor
editorial	redakční
educate	vzdělávat
educated	vzdělaný
education	vzdělání
educational	vzdělávací
educator	pedagog
eeeek	NO TRANSLATION
eeek	NO TRANSLATION
eek	eek
eel	úhoř
eerie	děsivý
effect	účinek
effective	efektivní
effectiveness	účinnost
effects	účinky
effectual	účinný
effectually	efektivně
effectuate	provádět
effeminate	zženštilý
efficacious	účinný
efficacy	účinnost
efficiency	účinnost
efficient	účinný
effigy	podobizna
effort	snaha
effortless	bez námahy
effusion	výpotku
effyou	NO TRANSLATION
egg	vejce
egghead	vajíčka
eggnog	vaječný koňak
eggplant	lilek
eggshell	vaječné skořápky
ego	ego
egomaniac	egomaniac
egotistical	egoistické
egregious	obrovský
egress	výtok
eight	osm
eighteen	osmnáct
eighth	osmý
eighty	osmdesát
ejaculate	ejakulovat
ejaculation	ejakulace
eject	vysunout
ejection	vysunutí
elaborate	propracovaný
elaboration	zpracování
elan	NO TRANSLATION
elapse	uplynout
elapsed	Uplynulý
elastic	elastický
elasticity	pružnost
elated	vzrušený
elation	euforie
elbow	loket
eld	eld
elder	starší
elderly	starší
elders	starší
eldest	nejstarší
elect	zvolit
election	volby
elective	volitelný
elector	volič
electoral	volební
electorate	voliči
electric	elektrický
electric slide	elektrický snímač
electrical	elektrický
electrician	elektrikář
electricity	elektřina
electrify	elektrifikovat
electrocute	elektrody
electrocution	elektrickým proudem
electromagnetic	elektromagnetické
electron	elektron
electronic	elektronický
electronics	elektronika
elegance	elegance
elegant	elegantní
element	živel
elemental	elementární
elementary	základní
elements	Prvky
elephant	slon
elevate	povýšit
elevated	zvýšené
elevation	nadmořská výška
elevator	výtah
eleven	jedenáct
eleventh	jedenáctý
elf	Elf
elicit	vyvolat
eligible	oprávněný
eliminate	odstranit
elimination	odstranění
elite	elita
elitist	elitista
elixir	elixír
elk	elk
ell	ell
ellipse	elipsa
ellipsis	elipsa
ellipsoid	elipsoid
elliptic	eliptický
elliptical	eliptický
elm	jilm
elongate	prodloužený
elongation	prodloužení
elope	uprchnout
eloquence	výmluvnost
eloquent	výmluvný
elucidate	objasnit
elucidation	objasnění
elude	elude
elusive	nepolapitelný
emaciated	vyzáblý
email	e-mailem
emanate	emanovat
emancipation	emancipace
embankment	nábřeží
embargo	NO TRANSLATION
embark	nastupovat
embarrass	rozpaky
embarrassed	v rozpacích
embarrassing	trapný
embarrassment	rozpaky
embassy	ambasáda
embattled	zapálený
embed	vložit
embellish	ozdobit
embellishment	výzdoba
embers	žhavé uhlíky
embezzlement	zpronevěra
embezzler	defraudant
emblem	symbol
emblematic	emblematická
embodiment	ztělesnění
embolism	embolie
embossed	reliéfní
embrace	objetí
embroidered	vyšívané
embroidery	výšivka
embroiled	zapletené
embryo	embryo
embryonic	embryonální
emcee	konferenciér
emerald	smaragd
emerge	vynořit
emergence	vznik
emergency	nouzový
emeritus	emeritus
emery	smirek
emetophobia	emetofobie
emigrate	emigrovat
emigration	emigrace
eminence	eminence
eminent	přední
eminently	neobyčejně
emir	NO TRANSLATION
emissary	emisar
emission	emise
emit	vysílat
emo	emo
emotion	emoce
emotional	emocionální
emotive	emotivní
empathic	empaticky
empathize	vcítit se
empathy	empatie
emperor	císař
emphasis	důraz
emphasize	zdůraznit
emphatic	důrazný
emphysema	emfyzém
empire	říše
empirical	empirický
empiricism	empirismus
employ	zaměstnat
employee	zaměstnanec
employer	zaměstnavatel
employment	zaměstnanost
emporium	obchodní středisko
empower	zmocnit
empress	císařovna
emptiness	prázdnota
emption	empatie
empty	prázdný
emu	emu
emulate	emulovat
emulsion	emulze
enable	umožnit
enablement	povolení
enact	přijmout
enactment	uzákonění
enamel	smalt
encampment	tábor
enchant	okouzlit
enchanted	okouzlený
enchanting	okouzlující
enchantment	okouzlení
enchantress	kouzelnice
enchilada	enchilada
encircle	obklíčit
encircling	obklíčení
enclave	enklávě
enclose	přiložit
enclosure	Ohrada
encode	zakódovat
encomiastic	NO TRANSLATION
encomium	encomium
encompass	zahrnovat
encore	NO TRANSLATION
encounter	setkání
encourage	podporovat
encouraged	povzbuzení
encouragement	povzbuzení
encouraging	povzbudivý
encroach	zasahovat
encroachment	zásahu
encrypt	šifrování
encryption	šifrování
encumbrance	břemeno
encyclopedia	encyklopedie
end	konec
end table	stolek
endanger	ohrozit
endangered	ohrožena
endangerment	ohrožení
endearing	roztomilé
endeavor	usilovat
ended	skončil
endemic	endemický
endgame	konec hry
ending	konec
endless	nekonečný
endocarditis	endokarditida
endorse	podpořit
endorsement	schválení
endow	vybavit
endowed	obdařen
endowment	nadace
endpapers	endpages
endpoint	koncový bod
endurance	vytrvalost
endure	vydržet
enduring	trvalý
enema	klystýr
enemy	nepřítel
energetic	energický
energize	energizovat
energy	energie
enforce	prosazovat
enforcement	vynucení
enforcer	enforcer
engage	zapojit se
engaged	zapojeno
engagement	zapojení
engaging	zapojení
engender	vydělat
engine	motor
engineer	inženýr
engineering	inženýrství
engrave	vyrýt
engraved	vyryté
engraver	rytec
engraving	rytina
engrossed	zaujatý
engrossing	úchvatné
engulf	pohltit
enhance	zlepšit
enhancement	zvýšení
enigma	hádanka
enigmatic	tajemný
enjoin	objednat
enjoy	užívat si
enjoyable	příjemný
enjoying	těší se
enjoyment	zážitek
enlarge	zvětšit
enlarged	zvětšený
enlargement	rozšíření
enlighten	osvítit
enlightened	osvícený
enlightening	osvícení
enlightenment	osvícení
enlist	získat
enliven	oživit
enmity	nepřátelství
ennui	ennui
enormity	obludnost
enormous	obrovský
enormously	obrovsky
enraged	rozzuřený
enrich	obohatit
enroll	zapsat
enrollment	zápis
ensemble	soubor
ensign	prapor
enslave	zotročit
enslaved	zotročený
enslavement	zotročení
ensue	vyplývat
ensure	zajistit
entail	to znamená
entangled	zamotaný
entanglement	zapletení
enter	zadejte
enterprise	podnik
enterprising	podnikavý
entertain	bavit
entertained	baví
entertainer	konferenciér
entertaining	zábavný
entertainment	zábava
enthralled	nadšený
enthusiasm	nadšení
enthusiast	nadšenec
enthusiastic	nadšený
entice	lákat
entire	celý
entirety	celistvost
entitle	opravit
entity	subjektu
entomology	entomologie
entourage	doprovod
entrails	vnitřnosti
entrance	vchod
entrapment	zachycení
entreat	prosil
entree	entrée
entrepreneur	podnikatel
entrust	svěřit
entry	vstup
enumerate	vyjmenovat
enumeration	výčet
envelope	obálka
envious	závistivý
environ	NO TRANSLATION
environment	životní prostředí
environmental	životního prostředí
environs	okolí
envision	představit
envoy	vyslanec
envy	závist
enzyme	enzym
ephemeral	efemérní
ephemeris	ephemeris
epic	epické
epidemic	epidemie
epidermis	pokožka
epidural	epidurální
epilepsy	epilepsie
epileptic	epileptický
epilogue	epilog
epiphany	epifany
episcopal	episkopální
episode	epizoda
episodic	epizodický
epistle	epištola
epitaph	epitaf
epithet	epiteton
epitome	ztělesnění
epoch	epocha
equal	rovnat se
equality	rovnost
equalization	vyrovnání
equalize	vyrovnat
equalizer	ekvalizéru
equally	stejně
equate	vyrovnat
equation	rovnice
equator	rovník
equatorial	rovníkový
equestrian	jezdecký
equidistant	stejně vzdálený
equilibration	ekvilibrace
equilibrium	rovnováha
equip	vybavit
equipment	zařízení
equitable	spravedlivý
equity	spravedlnost
equivalence	rovnocennost
equivalent	ekvivalent
equivocal	jednoznačné
era	éra
eradicate	vymýtit
eradication	eradikace
erase	vymazat
eraser	guma
erasure	vymazání
ere	NO TRANSLATION
erect	postavit
erectile	erektilní
erection	erekce
ergo	NO TRANSLATION
erode	erodovat
erosion	eroze
erotic	erotický
erotica	erotika
err	chybovat
errand	objednání
errant	chybějící
erratic	nepravdivé
erratum	tisková chyba
erroneous	chybný
error	chyba
erst	NO TRANSLATION
erudite	erudite
erupt	vybuchnout
eruption	výbuch
escalade	eskalovat
escalate	eskalovat
escalating	stupňující
escalation	eskalace
escalator	jezdící schody
escape	uniknout
escaped	unikl
escarpment	sráz
eschew	vyhýbat se
escort	doprovod
escrow	escrow
esophagus	jícen
esoteric	esoterický
especial	NO TRANSLATION
espionage	špionáž
espouse	přijmout
espresso	espresso
esprit	esprit
esquire	vážený pan
essay	esej
essayist	esejista
essence	podstata
essential	nezbytný
essentially	v podstatě
establish	vytvořit
established	založeno
establishment	zřízení
estate	majetek
esteem	úcta
esteemed	vážený
esthetic	estetický
estimable	odhadnutelný
estimate	odhad
estimation	odhad
estoppel	estoppel
estranged	odcizený
estrogen	estrogen
estuary	ústí
etch	leptat
etching	leptání
eternal	věčný
eternity	věčnost
ethanol	ethanol
ether	éter
ethereal	éterický
ethic	etický
ethical	etický
ethics	etika
ethnic	etnický
ethnography	etnografie
etiology	etiologie
etiquette	etiketa
etymology	etymologie
eucalyptus	eukalyptus
euchre	karetní hra
eugenics	eugenika
eulogistic	pochvalný
eulogium	eulogium
eulogize	velebit
eulogy	velebení
euphemism	eufemismus
euphoria	euforie
euphoric	euforický
euro	euro
euthanasia	euthanasie
evacuate	evakuovat
evacuation	evakuace
evade	vyhnout se
evaluate	vyhodnotit
evaluation	hodnocení
evanescence	evanescence
evangelical	evangelický
evangelist	evangelista
evangelistic	evangelistická
evaporate	odpařte
evaporation	vypařování
evasion	vyhýbání se
evasive	vyhýbavý
eve	předvečer
evening	večer
evens	NO TRANSLATION
event	událost
eventful	rušný
eventual	eventuální
eventuality	možnost
evergreen	evergreen
everlasting	věčný
evermore	vždycky
everyday	každý den
everyman	každý muž
evict	vypudit
eviction	vystěhování
evidence	důkaz
evident	evidentní
evidentiary	důkazní
evil	zlo
evoke	vyvolat
evolution	vývoj
evolutionary	evoluční
evolve	rozvíjet se
ewe	ovce
ex	např
exacerbate	zhoršuje
exacerbation	exacerbace
exact	přesný
exacting	náročný
exaggerate	přehánět
exaggerated	přehnaný
exaggeration	přehánění
exalt	oslavovat
exaltation	exaltaci
exalted	vyvýšený
exam	zkouška
examination	zkouška
examine	přezkoumat
examiner	zkoušející
example	příklad
exasperated	rozčilený
exasperation	podráždění
excavate	vybagrovat
excavation	výkopy
excavator	rypadlo
exceed	překročit
exceeding	překročení
excel	vynikat
excellence	excelence
excellent	vynikající
excelsior	excelsior
excepting	s výjimkou
exception	výjimka
exceptional	výjimečný
excerpt	výňatek
excess	přebytek
excessive	nadměrný
excessively	nadměrně
exchange	výměna
excise	spotřební daň
excision	vyříznutí
excitability	vzrušivost
excitable	vzrušující
excitation	excitace
excite	rozrušit
excited	vzrušený
excitement	vzrušení
exciting	vzrušující
exclaim	zvolat
exclamation	výkřik
exclude	vyloučit
excluded	vyloučeno
excluding	s výjimkou
exclusion	vyloučení
exclusive	výhradní
excrement	exkrementy
excretion	vylučování
excruciating	nesnesitelné
excursion	výlet
excuse	omluva
exec	exec
execute	vykonat
execution	provedení
executioner	kat
executive	výkonný
executor	vykonavatel
exegesis	exegeze
exemplar	exemplar
exemplary	příkladný
exemplify	příklad
exempt	vyloučeno
exemption	osvobození
exercise	cvičení
exert	vyvíjet
exertion	námaha
exhale	vydechněte
exhaust	vyčerpat
exhausted	vyčerpaný
exhaustion	vyčerpání
exhaustive	vyčerpávající
exhibit	exponát
exhibition	výstava
exhilarated	vzrušený
exhilarating	osvěžující
exhilaration	rozjařenost
exhort	nabádat
exhortation	napomenutí
exhumation	exhumace
exhume	exhumovat
exigent	NO TRANSLATION
exile	vyhnanství
exist	existovat
existence	existence
existent	existující
existential	existenciální
existing	existující
exit	výstup
exodus	exodus
exonerate	ospravedlnit
exorbitant	horentní
exorcism	zaříkání
exorcist	exorcist
exotic	exotický
expand	rozšířit
expanded	rozšířený
expanse	rozloha
expansion	expanze
expansive	expanzivní
expatriate	expatriátu
expect	očekávat
expectance	očekávání
expectancy	očekávání
expectant	očekávání
expectation	očekávání
expected	očekávaný
expecting	očekávání
expediency	účelnost
expedient	výhodný
expedite	urychlit
expedition	expedice
expeditious	rychlé
expel	vyloučit
expendable	postradatelný
expenditure	výdajů
expense	náklady
expenses	výdaje
expensive	drahý
experience	Zkusenosti
experienced	zkušený
experiences	zkušenosti
experiment	experiment
experimental	experimentální
experimentation	experimentování
experimenter	experimentátor
expert	expert
expertise	odbornost
expiration	vypršení
expire	vyprší
expired	vypršela platnost
expiry	uplynutí
explain	vysvětlit
explanation	vysvětlení
explanatory	vysvětlující
expletive	vyčerpávající
explication	vysvětlení
explicit	explicitně
explode	explodovat
exploit	využívat
exploitation	vykořisťování
exploration	průzkum
exploratory	průzkumný
explore	prozkoumat
explorer	badatel
explosion	exploze
explosions	výbuchy
explosive	explozivní
expo	expo
exponent	exponent
exponential	exponenciální
export	vývozní
exportation	vývoz
expose	odhalit
exposed	vystaveno
exposition	expozice
expository	expository
exposure	expozice
expound	vysvětlit
express	vyjádřit
expression	výraz
expressive	expresivní
expressway	dálnice
expropriation	vyvlastnění
expulsion	vyhoštění
exquisite	vynikající
exquisitely	nádherně
extant	existující
extend	rozšířit
extendable	prodloužení
extended	rozšířeno
extension	rozšíření
extensive	rozsáhlý
extent	rozsah
exterior	vnější
exterminate	vyhladit
extermination	vyhlazení
exterminator	exterminátor
external	externí
externally	navenek
extinct	vyhynulý
extinction	zánik
extinguish	uhasit
extinguisher	hasicí přístroj
extol	vychvalovat
extort	vydírat
extortion	vydírání
extra	další
extract	výpis
extracting	extrakci
extraction	extrakce
extractor	extraktor
extracurricular	mimoškolní
extradition	vydání
extrajudicial	mimosoudní
extramural	extramural
extraneous	cizí
extraordinaire	extraordinaire
extraordinary	mimořádný
extraterrestrial	mimozemský
extravagance	extravagance
extravagant	extravagantní
extravaganza	extravagance
extreme	extrémní
extreme anticipation	extrémní očekávání
extreme disgust	extrémní znechucení
extreme surprise	extrémní překvapení
extreme trust	extrémní důvěra
extremely	velmi
extremely negative	extrémně negativní
extremely positive	velmi pozitivní
extremity	končetina
extricate	vyprostit
extrinsic	vnější
extrusion	vytlačování
exuberance	exuberance
exude	vyzařovat
eye	oko
eyeball	oční bulva
eyebrow	obočí
eyeful	oko
eyeglass	brýle
eyeglasses	brýle
eyelash	řasa
eyelet	poutko
eyeliner	oční linky
eyepiece	okulár
eyes	oči
eyesight	zrak
eyewitness	očitý svědek
fab	fab
fable	bajka
fabled	legendární
fabric	tkanina
fabricate	vyrobit
fabricated	vyrobeno
fabrication	výroba
fabulous	báječný
facade	fasáda
face	tvář
faceless	bez tváře
facet	aspekt
facial	tvář
facile	NO TRANSLATION
facilitate	usnadnit
facility	zařízení
facing	čelí
facsimile	faksimile
fact	skutečnost
faction	frakce
factor	faktor
factory	továrna
facts	fakta
factual	věcné
faculties	fakult
faculty	fakulta
fad	fad
fade	slábnout
faded	vybledlý
faeces	fekálie
fag	teplouš
faggot	otýpka
fail	selhat
failing	selhání
failure	selhání
fain	NO TRANSLATION
faint	chabý
fainting	mdloby
fair	veletrh
fairly	spravedlivě
fairness	spravedlnost
fairway	fairway
fairy	víla
faith	víra
faithful	věřící
faithfulness	věrnost
faithless	nevěřící
fake	falešný
faker	faker
falafel	falafel
falcon	sokol
fall	podzim
fallacious	klamný
fallacy	klam
fallback	ustoupit
fallible	omylný
falling	padající
fallopian	falešný
fallout	vypadnout
fallow	ležící ladem
false	NEPRAVDIVÉ
falsehood	lež
falsely	falešně
falsification	falšování
falsified	falsified
falsify	falšovat
falsity	faleš
falter	váhat
fame	sláva
famed	proslulý
familiar	znát
familiarity	obeznámenost
familiarize	seznámit se
family	rodina
familytime	rodinná doba
famine	hladomor
famished	hladoví
famous	slavný
famously	skvěle
fan	fanoušek
fanatic	fanatik
fanatical	fanatický
fanaticism	fanatismus
fanciful	smyšlený
fancy	ozdobný
fandango	fandango
fanfare	fanfára
fang	NO TRANSLATION
fangs	zuby
fanning	větrání
fantasia	fantasie
fantasize	fantazírovat
fantastic	fantastický
fantasy	fantazie
faraway	daleko
farce	fraška
farcical	fraškovitý
fare	jízdné
farewell	rozloučení
farm	hospodařit
farmer	zemědělec
farmhouse	statek
farming	zemědělství
farmland	zemědělská půda
faro	faro
fart	prd
farther	dál
fascia	fascia
fascinate	fascinovat
fascinated	fascinován
fascinating	fascinující
fascination	okouzlení
fascism	fašismus
fascist	fašistický
fashion	móda
fashionable	módní
fastball	fastball
fasten	připevnit
fastener	spojovací materiál
fastening	upevnění
fasting	půst
fat	Tlustý
fatal	fatální
fatalism	fatalismus
fatality	osudovost
fate	osud
fated	fated
fateful	osudný
fathead	hlava
father	otec
fatherhood	otcovství
fatherland	otčina
fatherly	otcovský
fathom	sáh
fatigue	únava
fatigued	unavený
fatso	fatso
fatten	vykrmit
fatty	tukové
faucet	kohoutek
fault	chyba
faultless	bezchybný
faulty	vadný
faun	faun
fauna	fauna
faux	faux
favor	laskavost
favorable	příznivý
favorite	oblíbený
favoriteholiday	NO TRANSLATION
favoritism	protekcionářství
fawn	kolouch
fax	fax
faze	NO TRANSLATION
fear	strach
feared	obával se
fearful	strach
fearfully	strašně
fearing	strach
fearless	nebojácný
fears	obavy
fearsome	strašidelný
feasibility	proveditelnost
feasible	proveditelný
feast	hody
feat	výkon
feather	Pírko
feathered	pernaté
feature	Vlastnosti
features	funkce
febrile	febrilní
fecal	fekální
feces	výkaly
fecundity	úrodnost
fed	krmení
federal	federální
federation	federace
fedup	naštvaný
fee	poplatek
feeble	slabý
feed	krmivo
feedback	zpětná vazba
feeder	podavač
feel	cítit
feelgood	cítit se dobře
feeling	pocit
feelingdown	NO TRANSLATION
feelinggood	NO TRANSLATION
feet	nohy
feign	předstírat
feigned	předstíraný
feisty	Divoké
felicity	štěstí
feline	Kočkovitý
fell	klesl
feller	sběratele
fellow	chlapík
fellowship	přátelství
felon	zločinec
felony	zločin
felt	cítil
female	ženský
feminine	ženský
femininity	ženskost
feminism	feminismus
feminist	feminismu
femme	NO TRANSLATION
femoral	stehenní
femur	stehenní kost
fen	NO TRANSLATION
fence	plot
fenced	oplocený
fencing	oplocení
fend	Fend
fender	blatník
fennel	fenykl
ferment	kvasit
fermentation	kvašení
fern	kapradina
ferocious	divoký
ferocity	divokost
ferret	fretka
ferry	trajekt
ferryboat	NO TRANSLATION
fertile	plodná
fertility	plodnost
fertilize	oplodnit
fertilizer	hnojivo
fervent	vroucí
fervor	zápal
fess	fess
fest	fest
festival	festival
festive	slavnostní
fetal	fetální
fetch	vynést
fete	NO TRANSLATION
fetish	fetiš
fetus	plod
feud	svár
feudal	feudální
feudalism	feudalismus
fever	horečka
feverish	horečka
fiancee	NO TRANSLATION
fiasco	fiasko
fiat	fiat
fib	fib
fiber	vlákno
fiberglass	laminát
fibrosis	fibróza
fibrous	vláknitý
fickle	nestálý
fiction	beletrie
fictional	smyšlený
fictitious	fiktivní
fiddle	housle
fiddler	houslista
fidelity	věrnost
fidgety	neposedný
fiduciary	fiduciář
field	pole
field hockey	pozemní hokej
fielder	fielder
fiend	zloduch
fiendish	otřesný
fierce	divoký
fiery	ohnivý
fiesta	fiesta
fiesty	NO TRANSLATION
fifteen	patnáct
fifty	padesáti
fig	obr
fight	boj
fighter	bojovník
fighting	bojování
fights	bojuje
figment	vyplývá
figurative	figurativní
figure	postava
figurine	figurka
filament	vlákno
filamentous	vláknitý
file	soubor
filet	filet
filibuster	filibuster
filigree	filigránka
filing	podání
filings	piliny
fill	vyplnit
filler	plnivo
fillet	filé
filling	plnicí
filly	klisnička
film	film
filmmaker	filmmaker
filmy	NO TRANSLATION
filter	filtr
filth	špína
filthy	špinavý
filtration	filtrace
fin	NO TRANSLATION
final	finále
finale	finále
finalist	finalista
finality	konečnost
finalize	dokončit
finalized	dokončeno
finally	Konečně
finance	finance
financial	finanční
financier	finančník
finch	pěnkava
find	nalézt
finder	nálezce
finding	nález
fine	v pořádku
finery	nádhera
finesse	finesa
finger	prst
fingernail	nehet
fingerprint	otisk prstu
fingerscrossed	NO TRANSLATION
finish	Dokončit
finished	dokončeno
finite	konečný
fink	fink
fir	jedle
fire	oheň
firearm	střelná zbraň
firearms	střelné zbraně
fireball	ohnivá koule
firecracker	kaskadérka
firefight	požár
firefighter	hasič
firefly	světluška
firehouse	firehouse
firelight	ohně
fireman	hasič
fireplace	krb
firepower	palebná síla
fireproof	protipožární
fireside	ohniště
firestorm	ohnivá bouře
firewall	firewall
firewood	palivové dříví
firework	ohňostroj
fireworks	ohňostroj
firing	vypalování
firm	firma
firmament	obloha
firmly	pevně
firmness	pevnost
first	První
firstborn	prvorozený
firstworldprobs	NO TRANSLATION
fiscal	fiskální
fish	Ryba
fisherman	rybář
fishery	rybolov
fishing	rybolov
fishing boat	rybářská loď
fishy	rybí
fissile	štěpitelný
fission	štěpení
fissure	praskliny
fist	pěst
fistfight	pěstní souboj
fistful	fistful
fistula	píštěle
fit	vejít se
fitness	zdatnost
fits	se hodí
fitted	vybaveno
fitting	montáž
fittings	kování
five	Pět
fiver	pětka
fix	opravit
fixable	opravitelný
fixation	fixace
fixed	pevný
fixer	fixátor
fixture	příslušenství
fixtures	příslušenství
fizz	šumět
fjord	fjord
flabbergast	ohromit
flabbergasted	ohromený
flabby	ochablý
flaccid	klidný
flag	vlajka
flagging	označování
flagpole	stožár
flagrant	flagrantní
flagship	vlajková loď
flagstaff	stožár
flair	chuť
flak	flak
flake	vločka
flaky	vločkovitý
flamboyant	okázalý
flame	plamen
flamethrower	plamenomet
flaming	planoucí
flamingo	plameňák
flammable	hořlavý
flan	dort
flange	příruba
flank	bok
flanked	lemované
flanking	lemování
flannel	flanel
flap	klapka
flapping	klapání
flare	světlice
flares	světlice
flaring	spálení
flash	blikat
flashback	flashback
flashing	bliká
flashlight	svítilna
flashy	oslnivý
flask	baňka
flat	ploché
flatbed	plochá postel
flatfoot	plochá noha
flatness	plochost
flatten	vyrovnat
flatter	lichotit
flattered	lichotivé
flattering	lichotivý
flattery	lichocení
flatulence	nadýmání
flaunt	chlubit se
flavor	příchuť
flaw	chyba
flawed	chybné
flawless	bezchybný
flea	blecha
fleabag	fleabag
fled	utekl
flee	uprchnout
fleece	fleece
fleet	Flotila
fleeting	prchavý
flesh	maso
fleshy	masitý
flex	flex
flexibility	flexibilita
flexible	flexibilní
flexin	flexin
flexion	ohnutí
flick	švihnutí
flicker	blikat
flickering	blikající
flier	letec
flight	let
flighty	letě
flimsy	křehký
flinch	flinch
fling	fling
flint	pazourek
flip	flip
flip flop	žabky
flipper	ploutev
flipping	převrácení
flirt	flirtovat
flirtation	flirtování
flirting	flirtující
flirty	koketní
float	plovák
floater	floater
flock	stádo
flog	bičovat
flood	zaplavit
floor	podlaha
flooring	podlaha
floozy	flóra
flop	flop
floppy	floppy
flora	flóra
floral	květinový
florist	květinář
floss	nitě
flotation	flotace
flounder	platýs
flour	mouka
flourish	vzkvétat
flow	tok
flower	květ
flowering	kvetoucí
flowers	květiny
flowery	květinový
flows	protéká
flu	chřipka
fluctuate	kolísat
fluctuating	kolísavý
fluctuation	kolísání
flue	kouř
fluency	plynulost
fluent	plynulý
fluff	chmýří
fluffy	načechraný
fluid	tekutina
fluidity	tekutost
fluke	fluke
flunk	propadnout
flunky	flunky
fluorescence	fluorescence
fluorescent	fluorescenční
flurries	vzrušení
flurry	vzrušení
flush	flush
flustered	otupělý
flute	flétna
fluted	skloněný
flutter	třepetání
fluvial	říční
flux	toku
fly	létat
flyboy	flyboy
flyer	leták
flying	letící
flywheel	setrvačník
foal	hříbě
foam	pěna
foaming	pěnění
foamy	pěnivý
fob	fob
focal	ohnisková vzdálenost
focus	soustředit se
fodder	krmivo
foe	nepřítel
fog	mlha
foggy	mlha
foil	fólie
foiled	vyhnáno
fold	složit
folded	složené
folder	složky
foliage	olistění
folio	folio
folk	lidové
folklore	folklór
follicle	folikul
follicular	folikulární
follow	následovat
follower	následovník
folly	pošetilost
fond	fond
fondle	hladit
fondling	mazlení
fondness	záliba
fondue	fondue
font	písmo
food	jídlo
foodie	foodie
fool	blázen
fooled	zamilovaný
foolhardy	hloupě
fooling	blázen
foolish	bláhový
foolishness	pošetilost
foolproof	spolehlivý
foot	noha
foot stool	noha stolička
footage	záběry
football	Fotbal
footbridge	lávka
foothold	opěradlo
footing	základy
footlocker	footlocker
footloose	footloose
footpath	pěšina
footprint	stopa
footwear	obuv
footwork	chodidla
fop	fop
forage	krmivo
foray	vpusť
forbearance	trpělivost
forbid	zakázat
forbidding	zakázání
force	platnost
forced	nucené
forceful	silný
forceps	kleště
forces	sil
forcibly	násilně
ford	brod
fore	přední
forearm	předloktí
foreboding	předtucha
forecast	předpověď
forecaster	forecaster
foreclose	zabránit
foreclosure	uzavření trhu
forefathers	předkové
forefinger	ukazováček
forefront	popředí
forego	opustit
foregoing	předcházející
foregone	předem
foreground	popředí
forehead	čelo
foreign	zahraniční, cizí
foreigner	cizinec
foreman	předák
foremost	především
forensic	forenzní
forensics	forensics
foreplay	předehra
forerunner	předchůdce
foresee	předvídat
foreseen	předpokládané
foresight	předvídavost
forest	les
forestall	předejít
forethought	prozíravost
foreveralone	navždy sám
forevermore	Navždy víc
forewarned	předem varováno
foreword	úvodní slovo
forfeit	propadl
forfeited	propadl
forfeiture	propadnutí
forge	kovárna
forger	padělatel
forgery	padělání
forget	zapomenout
forgetful	zapomnětlivý
forgetfulness	zapomnětlivost
forgive	odpustit
forgiven	odpuštěno
forgiveness	odpuštění
forgiving	odpouštějící
forgotten	zapomenutý
fork	Vidlička
forked	rozeklaný
forking	bičování
forklift	vysokozdvižný vozík
forlorn	opuštěný
form	formulář
formal	formální
formaldehyde	formaldehydu
formalism	formalismus
formality	formalita
format	formát
formation	formace
formative	formativní
formed	vytvořen
formidable	impozantní
forming	formování
formless	beztvarý
formula	vzorec
formulary	formuláře
formulate	formulovat
fornicate	smilnit
fornication	smilstvo
forsake	opustit
forsaken	opuštěný
forsooth	prosooth
fort	pevnost
forte	NO TRANSLATION
forthcoming	nadcházející
forthright	přímý
forthwith	okamžitě
fortification	opevnění
fortify	opevnit
fortitude	statečnost
fortnight	čtrnáct dní
fortnightly	čtrnáctidenní
fortress	pevnost
fortuitous	náhodný
fortunate	štěstí
fortune	štěstí
fortunes	štěstí
forty	čtyřicet
forum	Forum
forward	vpřed
forwarding	přesměrování
fossil	fosilní
fossils	fosílie
foul	faul
found	nalezeno
foundation	nadace
founder	zakladatel
founding	založení
foundry	slévárna
fountain	kašna
four	čtyři
fourfold	čtyřnásobně
foursome	čtyři
fourteen	čtrnáct
fourth	Čtvrtý
fowl	slepice
fox	liška
foxhole	lýko
foxtrot	foxtrot
foxy	foxy
foyer	foyer
fraction	zlomek
fractional	frakční
fracture	zlomenina
fragile	křehký
fragility	křehkost
fragment	fragment
fragmentary	fragmentární
fragrance	vůně
fragrant	vonný
frail	křehké
frailty	křehkost
frame	rám
framework	rámec
franc	frank
franchise	franšíza
frank	upřímný
frankenstorm	NO TRANSLATION
frankness	upřímnost
frantic	zběsile
frantically	zoufale
frat	frat
fraternal	bratrský
fraternity	bratrství
fraud	podvod
fraudulent	podvodné
fraught	plný
fray	trápení
frayed	roztrhané
frazzled	frazzled
freak	zběsilý
freaked	podrážděný
freakedout	NO TRANSLATION
freakingout	NO TRANSLATION
freakish	náladový
freakout	vyšilovat
freaky	podivné
freckle	piha
free	volný, uvolnit
freebie	freebie
freedom	svoboda
freehold	volně držet
freelance	na volné noze
freelancer	na volné noze
freely	svobodně
freeman	freeman
freestyle	freestyle
freeway	dálnice
freeze	zmrazit
freezer	mrazák
freezing	zmrazení
freight	náklad
freighter	nákladní loď
french horn	lesní roh
frenetic	frenetický
frenzied	frenzied
frenzy	šílenství
frequency	frekvence
frequent	časté
frequently	často
fresco	freska
fresh	čerstvý
freshair	NO TRANSLATION
freshen	občerstvit
freshener	osvěžovač
freshman	čerstvý člověk
freshness	svěžest
freshstart	nový začátek
freshwater	sladkovodní
fret	fret
fretful	vzrušující
friar	mnich
fricking	fricking
friction	tření
friday	pátek
fridge	lednička
fried	smažený
friend	přítel
friendless	bez přítele
friendliness	přívětivost
friendly	přátelský
friends	přátelé
friendship	přátelství
frigate	fregata
friggen	NO TRANSLATION
fright	zděšení
frighten	vystrašit
frightened	vystrašený
frightening	děsivý
frightful	strašný
frigid	frigidní
fringe	fringe
fringed	fringed
frisbee	létající talíř
frisk	NO TRANSLATION
frisky	skotačivý
frivolous	povrchní
frock	šatečky
frog	žába
froggy	žabí
frolic	rozpustilost
front	přední
frontage	průčelí
frontal	čelní
frontier	hranice
fronting	fronting
frontispiece	frontispiece
frost	mráz
frostbite	omrzlina
frosted	ojíněný
frosting	polevou
frosty	mrazivý
froth	pěna
frothy	pěnivý
frown	mračit
frowning	zamračil se
frozen	zamrzlý
frugal	skromný
fruit	ovoce
fruit punch	ovocný punč
fruitcake	ovocnýdort
fruitful	plodný
fruition	uskutečnění
fruitless	neplodný
fruits	ovoce
fruity	ovocný
frustrate	zmařit
frustrated	frustrovaný
frustrates	frustrová
frustrating	frustrující
frustration	frustrace
fry	potěr
fryer	fritézy
fuchsia	fuchsie
fuck	kurva
fuckedoff	fuckedoff
fucker	fucker
fucking	zasraný
fuckoff	fuckoff
fucksake	fucksake
fucktard	fucktard
fuckyeah	fuckyeah
fudge	fondán
fuel	palivo
fugitive	uprchlík
fulcrum	otočný bod
fulfill	splnit
fulfilled	splnil
fulfilling	splnění
fulfillment	splnění
full	plný
fullback	fullback
fullness	plnost
fully	plně
fulsome	fulsome
fumble	fumble
fume	kouř
fumigation	fumigace
fumin	NO TRANSLATION
fuming	dýchání
fun	zábava
function	funkce
functional	funkční
fund	fond
fundamental	základní
fundamentalist	fundamentalista
fundamentally	zásadně
funday	zábavný den
funding	financování
fundraiser	fundraiser
fundraising	získávání finančních prostředků
funds	fondů
funeral	pohřeb
fungus	houba
funk	funk
funky	zděšený
funnel	trychtýř
funny	legrační
fur	srst
furious	zuřivý
furiously	zuřivě
furlong	furlong
furlough	dovolenka
furnace	pec
furnish	poskytnout
furnishings	vybavení bytu
furniture	nábytek
furor	zuřivost
furrow	brázda
furry	srstnatý
furtherance	podpora
fury	zuřivost
fuse	pojistka
fuselage	trupu
fusion	fúze
fuss	povyk
fussy	úzkostlivý
fustrated	NO TRANSLATION
futile	marný
futility	marnost
futon	futon
future	budoucnost
fuzz	chmýří
fuzzy	fuzzy
gab	NO TRANSLATION
gaby	gaby
gad	Gad
gadget	přístroj
gaff	tančírna
gag	gag
gaga	senilní
gage	gage
gaggle	hejno
gahhh	NO TRANSLATION
gaiety	veselost
gain	získat
gainful	výdělečné
gaining	získání
gait	chůze
gal	gal
gala	gala
galactic	galaktické
galaxy	galaxie
gale	vichřice
gall	žluč
gallant	galantní
gallantry	statečnost
gallbladder	žlučník
galled	galled
gallery	galerie
galley	lodní kuchyně
gallon	galon
gallop	cval
galloping	cval
gallows	šibenice
galore	habaděj
galvanic	galvanický
gamble	hazardovat
gambler	hazardní hráč
gambling	hazardních her
game	hra
gameday	hrací den
gametime	čas na hraní
gaming	hry
gamma	gama
gammon	gammon
gamut	gamut
gander	houser
gang	gang
gangland	gangland
gangrene	gangréna
gangster	gangster
gangway	chodník
gaol	kriminál
gap	mezera
gape	okounět
gaping	zoufale
garage	garáž
garb	oděv
garbage	odpadky
garbled	zkomolený
garden	zahrada
gardener	zahradník
gardening	práce na zahradě
gardens	zahrada
gargle	kloktadlo
gargoyle	chrlič
garish	výstřední
garlic	česnek
garment	oděv
garner	garner
garnet	granát
garnish	obloha
garrison	posádka
garter	podvazek
gas	plyn
gaseous	plynné
gash	šrám
gasification	zplyňování
gasket	těsnění
gasoline	benzín
gasp	plyn
gasping	plynování
gassy	plynový
gastric	žaludeční
gastronomy	gastronomie
gate	brána
gatekeeper	vrátný
gateway	brána
gather	shromáždit
gatherer	sběrač
gathering	shromáždění
gator	gator
gatorade	gatorade
gauche	NO TRANSLATION
gaudy	křiklavý
gauge	měřidlo
gauging	měření
gaunt	vyzáblý
gauntlet	rukavice
gauze	gáza
gavel	palička
gawk	gawk
gay	gay
gaze	pohled
gazebo	altán
gazelle	gazela
gazette	úřední list
gazetteer	poezie
gazillion	gazillion
gazing	hledí
gear	Ozubené kolo
geek	geek
geeky	geeky
geez	Bože
geezer	geezer
geisha	gejša
gel	gel
gelatin	želatina
geld	NO TRANSLATION
gelding	valach
gem	klenot
gemini	Blíženci
gender	Rod
genealogy	genealogie
general	Všeobecné
generality	všeobecnost
generalization	generalizace
generally	obvykle
generate	generovat
generation	generace
generative	generativní
generator	generátor
generic	obecný
generosity	štědrost
generous	štědrý
genesis	Genesis
genetic	genetický
genetics	genetika
genial	geniální
genie	genie
genital	genitální
genitalia	pohlavních orgánů
genius	génius
genocide	genocida
genome	genomu
genre	žánr
gent	pán
genteel	nóbl
gentile	gentile
gentle	jemný
gentleman	gentleman
gentlemanly	džentlmenský
gentleness	jemnost
gently	jemně
gentry	šlechtění
genuine	originální
genus	rod
geographic	zeměpisný
geographical	zeměpisné
geography	zeměpis
geological	geologický
geologist	geolog
geology	geologie
geometric	geometrický
geometry	geometrie
geranium	pelargónie
gerbil	gerbil
geriatric	geriatrické
germ	zárodek
german	Němec
germane	germany
germinate	klíčit
germination	klíčení
germs	bakterií
gestation	těhotenství
gesture	gesto
get	dostat
getaway	útěk
getoverit	NO TRANSLATION
getoveryourself	NO TRANSLATION
getup	vstávej
getyourown	getyourown
ghastly	příšerný
ghetto	ghetto
ghost	duch
ghostly	strašidelný
ghoul	démon
giant	obří
gibberish	hatmatilka
giddy	závratný
gift	dar
gifted	nadaný
gifts	dárkové předměty
gig	koncert
gigantic	gigantický
giggle	hihňat se
giggles	chichotá se
giggling	chichotání
gigolo	gigolo
gilded	pozlacený
gill	žábry
gills	žábry
gilt	pozlacení
gimmick	trik
gimp	gimp
gin	gin
ginger	zázvor
gingerbread	perník
gingerly	opatrně
ginseng	ženšen
giraffe	žirafa
girder	nosník
girdle	pás
girl	dívka
girlfriend	přítelkyně
girlie	děvče
girlish	dívčí
girly	holčičí
girth	obvod
gist	podstata
give	dát
giveaway	rozdávat
giver	NO TRANSLATION
giving	dávání
gizmo	věcička
gizzard	žaludek
glabrous	lysé
glacial	glaciální
glacier	ledovec
glad	rád
glade	glade
gladiator	gladiátor
gladness	radost
glamorous	okouzlující
glamour	půvab
glance	pohled
gland	žláza
glare	oslnění
glaring	oslňující
glass	sklenka
glasses	brýle
glassware	skleněné zboží
glaucoma	glaukom
glaze	glazura
glazed	glazované
gleam	záblesk
gleaming	zářící
glean	sbírat
glee	veselí
gleeful	veselý
glen	rokle
glib	glib
glide	klouzat
glider	kluzák
glimmer	záblesk
glimpse	záblesk
glint	záblesk
glisten	lesknout se
glitch	závada
glitter	lesk
glittering	třpytivé
gloat	hloupost
global	globální
globe	zeměkoule
globular	globulární
gloom	tma
gloomy	ponurý
glorification	oslavení
glorified	oslavovaný
glorify	velebit
glorious	slavný
glory	sláva
gloss	lesk
glossary	glosář
glossy	lesklý
glove	rukavice
gloves	rukavice
glow	záře
glowing	řeřavý
glucose	glukóza
glue	lepidlo
glum	darebák
glut	nadbytek
gluten	lepek
glutton	žrout
gluttony	žravost
glycerin	glycerol
gnat	komár
gnome	Gnome
go	jít
goal	fotbalová branka
goalie	brankář
goals	cíle
goat	koza
goatee	kozí bradka
gob	gob
gobble	pohltit
goblet	pohár
goblin	šotek
god	Bůh
godbless	NO TRANSLATION
goddamn	zatraceně
goddamned	zatraceně
goddess	bohyně
godfather	kmotr
godforsaken	pustý
godisgood	Bůh je dobrý
godisgreat	NO TRANSLATION
godless	bezbožný
godlike	božský
godly	Božský
godmother	kmotra
godsend	dar z nebes
godson	kmotřenec
gofuckyourself	Přejděte na sebe
goggle	brýle
goggles	ochranné brýle
gold	zlato
golden	zlatý
goldfish	zlatá rybka
golf	golf
golfer	hráč golfu
golfing	golfu
gondola	gondola
gone	pryč
goner	goner
gong	NO TRANSLATION
gonorrhea	kapavka
goo	goo
goober	goober
good	dobrý
goodbye	Ahoj
goodday	dobrý den
goodfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
goodhealth	NO TRANSLATION
goodie	dobrá
goodies	dobroty
goodlife	dobrý život
goodly	dobře
goodmood	NO TRANSLATION
goodmorning	dobré ráno
goodmusic	dobrá hudba
goodness	dobrota
goodnews	dobré zprávy
goods	zboží
goodtimes	dobré časy
goodvibes	NO TRANSLATION
goodwill	goodwill
goody	dobrota
gooey	lepkavý
goof	bota
goofball	goofball
goofy	hloupý
goon	pokračuj
gooood	Jděte
goop	goop
goose	husa
gopher	gopher
gore	gore
gorge	rokle
gorgeous	nádherný
gorilla	gorila
gory	krvavý
gospel	evangelium
gossip	drby
gothic	gotický
gouge	gouge
goulash	guláš
gourd	tykev
gourmet	gurmán
gout	dna
govern	řídit
governess	vychovatelka
governing	řídí
government	vláda
governmental	vládní
governor	guvernér
gown	talár
grab	urvat
grace	milost
graceful	elegantní
gracias	NO TRANSLATION
gracious	milostivý
graciously	laskavě
grad	NO TRANSLATION
gradation	gradace
grade	školní známka
graded	tříděné
grader	grader
grades	stupně
gradient	spád
gradschool	NO TRANSLATION
gradual	postupný
gradually	postupně
graduate	absolvovat
graduation	promoce
graffiti	graffiti
graft	štěp
grail	grál
grain	obilí
gram	gram
grammar	gramatika
grand	grand
grand theft auto	velká automobilová krádež
grandchild	vnouče
grandchildren	vnoučata
granddad	dědeček
granddaddy	dědeček
granddaughter	vnučka
grandeur	majestátnost
grandfather	dědeček
grandiose	grandiózní
grandma	babička
grandmother	babička
grandpa	dědeček
grandson	vnuk
grandstand	tribuně
grange	statek
granite	žula
granny	babička
granola	granola
grant	grant
granted	uděleno
grantee	grantee
grantor	poskytovatel
granular	zrnitý
granule	granule
grape	hroznový
grape juice	grepový džus
grapefruit	grapefruit
grapes	hrozny
grapevine	vinná réva
graph	graf
graphic	grafický
graphics	grafika
graphite	grafit
grapple	drapák
grappling	chytání
grasp	uchopit
grasping	uchopení
grass	tráva
grasshopper	saranče
grassy	travnatý
grate	rošt
grated	strouhaný
grateful	vděčný
gratification	uspokojení
gratified	spokojeni
gratify	uspokojit
gratifying	potěšující
grating	mřížka
gratis	NO TRANSLATION
gratitude	vděčnost
gratuitous	zdarma
gratuity	spropitné
grave	hrob
gravel	štěrk
graver	NO TRANSLATION
graveyard	hřbitov
gravitate	gravitaci
gravitation	gravitace
gravitational	gravitační
gravity	gravitace
gravy	omáčka
gray	šedá
graze	pást se
grease	tuk
greased	namazáno
greaser	greaser
greasy	mastný
great	skvělý
great anticipation	skvělé očekávání
great aunt	skvělá teta
great disgust	velké znechucení
great grandfather	pradědeček
great grandma	skvělá babička
great grandmother	Skvělá babička
great grandpa	dědeček
great surprise	velké překvapení
great trust	velkou důvěru
great uncle	prastrýc
greatday	NO TRANSLATION
greater	větší
greatest	největší
greatfriends	NO TRANSLATION
greatful	NO TRANSLATION
greatly	velmi
greatly negative	velmi negativní
greatly positive	velmi pozitivní
greatness	velikost
greatnight	NO TRANSLATION
greed	chamtivost
greedy	chamtivý
green	zelená
green bean	zelené fazole
green pepper	zelený pepř
green snake	zelený had
greenhouse	skleník
greenish	nazelenalý
greenwood	greenwood
greet	pozdravit
greeted	pozdravil
greeting	Pozdrav
gregarious	stádní
grenade	granát
grey	Šedá
greyhound	chrt
grid	mřížka
gridiron	rošt
grief	smutek
grievance	stížnost
grieve	truchlit
grieved	zarmoucený
grieving	truchlení
grievous	těžké
griffin	griffin
grill	gril
grille	mřížka
grilled	grilovaný
grim	chmurně
grime	špína
grimy	špinavý
grin	úsměv
grind	brousit
grinder	bruska
grinding	broušení
grindstone	brus
gringo	gringo
grip	rukojeť
gripe	remcání
grisly	příšerný
grist	melivo
grit	štěrk
grits	grity
gritty	kostrbatý
grizzly	grizzly
groan	zasténání
grocer	potravinářství
groceries	koloniál
grocery	potraviny
groggy	groggy
groin	svaly
groom	ženich
groove	drážka
groovy	báječný
grope	tápat
gross	Hrubý
grotesque	groteskní
grotto	jeskyně
grouch	bručoun
grouchy	mrzutý
ground	přízemní
grounded	uzemněn
groundhog	Groundhog
grounding	základy
groundless	bezdůvodný
grounds	důvody
groundwork	základy
group	skupina
groupie	skupinka
grouping	seskupení
grouse	tetřev
grout	malta
grove	háj
grovel	grovel
grow	růst
growl	zavrčení
growling	vrčení
growls	říká
grownup	dospělý
growth	růst
growthefuckup	růst
grr	grr
grrr	grrr
grrrrr	grrrrr
grub	grub
grubby	umouněný
grudge	zášť
grudging	zdráhavý
grudgingly	zdráhavě
gruel	ovesná kaše
grueling	vysilující
gruesome	příšerný
gruff	drsný
grumble	reptat
grump	grump
grumpy	nevrlý
grunt	grunt
grunting	grunting
guacamole	guacamole
guano	guano
guarantee	záruka
guaranty	záruka
guard	hlídat
guarded	strážené
guardhouse	Strážnice
guardian	strážce
guardianship	poručnictví
guards	stráže
gubernatorial	gubernatorial
guerilla	partyzán
guerrilla	partyzán
guess	tipni si
guesser	guesser
guesswork	dohady
guest	host
guesthouse	dům pro hosty
guidance	vedení
guide	průvodce
guidebook	průvodce
guidelines	pokyny
guiding	vedení
guild	cechu
guile	lstivost
guillotine	gilotina
guilt	vina
guilty	vinný
guinea	Guinea
guise	maskování
guitar	kytara
guitarist	kytarista
gules	gules
gulf	záliv
gull	racek
gullet	jícen
gullible	naivní
gully	rokle
gulp	doušek
gum	guma
gumbo	gumbo
gummy	gumovitý
gumption	vynalézavost
gun	pistole
gunboat	dělový člun
gunfight	střelné zbraně
gunfighter	pistolník
gunfire	střelbu
gunk	gunk
gunman	střelec
gunmen	ozbrojenci
gunner	střelec
gunnery	zbraně
gunplay	zbraně
gunpoint	špička střelné zbraně
gunpowder	střelný prach
gunshot	výstřel
gunslinger	pistolník
gurney	gurney
guru	guru
gush	příval
gusher	gusher
gusset	klín
gust	závan
gusto	NO TRANSLATION
gusty	nárazový
gut	střevo
gutless	Zbabělý
guts	vnitřnosti
gutsy	gutsy
gutter	žlab
guy	chlap
guzzler	guzzler
guzzling	kluk
gym	tělocvična
gymnasium	tělocvična
gymnast	gymnasta
gymnastic	tělocvičný
gymnastics	gymnastika
gynecologist	gynekolog
gynecology	gynekologie
gypsy	cikán
gyroscope	gyroskop
habit	zvyk
habitat	místo výskytu
habitation	bydlení
habitual	obvyklé
habitually	obvykle
hacienda	hacienda
hack	zaseknout
hacker	hacker
hacksaw	pilka na kov
hadenough	NO TRANSLATION
hag	čarodějnice
haggard	haggard
haggle	smlouvat
haiku	haiku
hail	kroupy
hair	vlasy
hairball	hairball
hairbrush	kartáč na vlasy
haircut	střih
hairdo	účes
hairdresser	kadeřník
hairdryer	fén
hairless	bez srsti
hairline	vlasová linie
hairpin	sponka do vlasů
hairspray	vlasový sprej
hairstyle	účes
hairy	chlupatý
hale	zdravý
half	polovina
half dollar	půl dolar
halfback	záložník
halftime	poločas
halfway	do poloviny
halibut	halibut
hall	hala
hallelujah	Aleluja
hallmark	punc
hallowed	posvátné
hallucination	halucinace
hallway	chodba
halo	svatozář
halt	Stůj
halter	ohlávka
halting	zastavení
halve	polovinu
halving	na polovinu
ham	šunka
hamburger	hamburger
hamlet	osada
hammer	kladivo
hammerhead	hammerhead
hammering	kladivem
hammock	houpací sít
hamper	dárkový koš
hamster	křeček
hamstring	ochromit
hand	ruka
handbag	kabelka
handball	házená
handbook	příručka
handcuff	želízka
handful	hrst
handgun	pistole
handheld	ruční
handicap	handicap
handicapped	zdravotně postižených
handicraft	ruční práce
handiwork	ruční práce
handkerchief	kapesník
handle	Rukojeť
handler	psovod
handmade	ruční
handout	leták
handprint	handprint
handshake	handshake
handsome	hezký
handwriting	rukopis
handy	Šikovný
handyman	hodinový manžel
hang	pověsit
hangar	hangár
hanger	závěs
hanging	závěsný
hangman	kat
hangout	vyjít si
hangover	kocovina
hangry	hangár
hank	přadeno
hankering	toužení
hanky	kapesník
hap	NO TRANSLATION
haphazard	náhodně
hapless	nešťastný
happen	přihodit se
happening	happening
happier	šťastnější
happiest	nejšťastnější
happily	šťastně
happiness	štěstí
happy	šťastný
happydance	happydance
happyday	šťastný den
happyheart	happyheart
happyholidays	NO TRANSLATION
happynewyear	NO TRANSLATION
happyplace	happyplace
happytweet	NO TRANSLATION
happyvalentinesday	NO TRANSLATION
harass	obtěžovat
harassing	obtěžování
harassment	obtěžování
harbinger	harbinger
harbor	přístav
hard	tvrdý
hardball	hardball
hardcore	hardcore
harden	ztvrdnout
hardened	kalené
hardening	vytvrzování
hardheaded	tvrdohlavý
hardness	tvrdost
hardship	strádání
hardware	Hardware
hardwood	tvrdé dřevo
hardworking	těžce pracující
hardy	tvrdé
hare	zajíc
harebrained	splašený
harem	harém
hark	hark
harlot	nevěstka
harm	poškodit
harmful	škodlivý
harmless	neškodný
harmonica	Harmonika
harmonics	harmonické
harmonious	harmonický
harmoniously	harmonicky
harmonize	harmonizovat
harmony	harmonie
harness	postroj
harp	harfa
harper	Harper
harpoon	harpuna
harpsichord	cembalo
harrowing	bolest
harry	harry
harsh	drsný
harshness	drsnost
hart	jelen
harvest	sklizeň
hash	hash
hashish	hašiš
hassle	hádka
haste	spěch
hasten	uspíšit
hastily	spěšně
hasty	Urychlený
hat	čepice
hatch	poklop
hatchet	sekyrka
hate	nenávist
hateeee	NO TRANSLATION
hateeveryone	NO TRANSLATION
hateful	nenávistný
hater	hater
hateyou	NO TRANSLATION
hating	nenávidí
hatred	nenávist
haughty	povýšený
haul	dopravovat
haulage	nákladní doprava
haunt	strašit
haunted	strašidelný
have	mít
haven	útočiště
havoc	spoušť
haw	haw
hawk	jestřáb
hawking	hawking
hay	NO TRANSLATION
haye	haye
hayride	Sayry
haystack	kupka sena
haywire	rozbitý
hazard	nebezpečí
hazardous	nebezpečný
haze	opar
hazmat	hazmat
hazy	mlhavý
head	hlava
headache	bolest hlavy
headaches	bolesti hlavy
headband	čelenka
headdress	čelenka
header	záhlaví
headgear	pokrývky hlavy
heading	nadpis
headland	konce
headless	bezhlavý
headlight	světlomet
headline	titulek
headliner	hlava
headlock	headlock
headlong	nad hlavou
headmaster	ředitel
headphones	sluchátka
headquarter	ústředí
headquarters	hlavní sídlo
headset	sluchátka
headstone	náhrobní kámen
headstrong	svéhlavý
headway	pokroku
heady	opojný
heal	vyléčit
healer	léčitel
healing	léčení
health	zdraví
healthcare	zdravotní péče
healthful	zdravý
healthy	zdravý
heap	halda
hear	slyšet
hearer	posluchač
hearing	sluch
hearsay	pověsti
hearse	pohřební vůz
heart	srdce
heart disease	srdeční choroba
heartache	žal
heartattack	NO TRANSLATION
heartbeat	tlukot srdce
heartbreak	žal
heartbreaker	Lamač srdcí
heartbreaking	srdcervoucí
heartbroken	srdce zlomené
heartburn	pálení žáhy
hearted	srdce
heartfelt	srdečné
hearth	krb
heartily	srdečně
heartland	srdce
heartless	bezcitný
hearts	srdce
heartsick	srdce
heartworm	srdeční červ
hearty	vydatný
heat	teplo
heated	vyhřívaný
heater	ohřívač
heath	vřesoviště
heathen	pohan
heather	vřes
heating	topení
heave	zvracet
heaven	nebe
heavenly	nebeský
heavens	nebesa
heavily	těžce
heaviness	tíha
heaving	otáčení
heavy	těžký
heavy metal	těžký kov
heavyweight	těžká váha
heck	heck
hectares	hektarů
hectic	hektický
hedge	živý plot
hedgehog	ježek
hedonism	hedonismus
hee	hee
heed	dbát
heel	pata
heels	podpatky
heft	tíha
hefty	statný
hegemonic	hegemonický
heheh	NO TRANSLATION
heifer	jalovice
height	výška
heighten	zvýšit
heightened	zvýšené
heinous	ohavný
heir	dědic
heiress	dědička
heirloom	dědictví
heirs	dědici
heist	loupež
helical	helikální
helicopter	helikoptéra
helipad	přistávací plocha pro vrtulníky
heliport	heliport
helium	hélium
helix	spirála
hell	peklo
hellfire	pekelný oheň
hellhole	hellhole
hellish	pekelný
helm	kormidlo
helmet	helma
helmsman	kormidelník
help	Pomoc
helper	pomocník
helpful	ochotný
helpless	bezmocný
helplessness	bezmocnost
hem	NO TRANSLATION
hematite	hematit
hematoma	hematom
hemi	hemi
hemisphere	polokoule
hemispheric	hemisferické
hemlock	bolehlav
hemoglobin	hemoglobin
hemorrhage	krvácení
hemorrhoids	hemoroidy
hemostat	hemostat
hemp	konopí
hen	NO TRANSLATION
henceforth	odteď
henhouse	slepičí dům
hepatitis	hepatitida
herald	ohlašovat
heraldry	heraldika
herb	bylina
herbaceous	byliny
herbal	bylinný
herbarium	herbář
herbs	byliny
herd	stádo
hereditary	dědičný
heredity	dědičnost
heresy	kacířství
heretic	heretik
heretical	kacířský
heretofore	dosud
hereunto	zde
herewith	tímto
heritage	dědictví
hermaphrodite	hermafrodit
hermeneutics	hermeneutika
hermit	poustevník
hernia	kýla
hero	hrdina
heroic	hrdinný
heroics	hrdinství
heroin	heroin
heroine	hrdinka
heroism	hrdinství
herpes	opar
herpesvirus	herpesvirus
herring	sleď
hertz	hertz
hesitant	váhavý
hesitate	váhat
hesitating	váhání
hesitation	váhání
hetero	hetero
heterogeneity	heterogenitu
heterosexual	heterosexuální
hew	tít
hex	hex
hexagon	šestiúhelník
heyday	rozkvět
hiatus	hiatus
hibernate	přezimovat
hibernation	hibernace
hiccup	škytavka
hick	balík
hickey	hickey
hickory	bílý ořech
hidden	skrytý
hide	skrýt
hideaway	úkryt
hideous	skryté
hideout	skrýš
hiding	úkryt
hierarchical	hierarchický
hierarchy	hierarchie
hieroglyphics	hieroglyfy
high	vysoký
high heels	vysoké podpatky
highball	whisky se sodou
higher	vyšší
highest	nejvyšší
highland	vysočina
highlands	vrchovina
highlight	zvýraznit
highness	výsost
hight	výška
hightail	hightail
highway	Dálnice
hijack	únos
hijacker	únosce
hike	túra
hiker	turista
hiking	turistika
hiking boot	turistické boty
hilarious	povedený
hilarity	veselost
hill	kopec
hillside	stráň
hilltop	na kopci
hilly	kopcovitý
hilt	jílec
hind	zadní
hinder	překážet
hindering	bránit
hindrance	překážka
hindsight	zpětné vazby
hinge	závěs
hint	náznak
hinterland	zázemí
hip	hip
hip hop	hip hop
hippie	hippie
hippo	Hroch
hippopotamus	hroch
hire	pronájem
hirsute	chlupatý
hiss	syčení
hissing	syčící
histology	histologie
historian	historik
historic	historický
historical	historický
historiography	historiografie
history	Dějiny
hit	udeřil
hitch	tah
hitchhike	stopovat
hitchhiker	stopař
hitherto	dosud
hitter	zasahovač
hive	úl
hives	kopřivka
hoard	poklad
hoarse	chraptivý
hoary	starobylý
hoax	podvod
hob	varná deska
hobbit	Hobit
hobby	hobby
hobo	tulák
hock	hlezna
hockey	hokej
hoe	NO TRANSLATION
hog	prase
hogwash	hogwash
hohoho	NO TRANSLATION
hoist	vztyčit
hokey	hokej
hold	držet
holder	držák
holding	podíl
holdup	holdup
hole	otvor
holiday	Dovolená
holidays	dovolená
holidayseason	NO TRANSLATION
holiness	svatost
holistic	holistický
holler	křičet
hollow	dutý
holly	cesmína
holocaust	holocaust
hologram	hologram
holographic	holografické
holster	pouzdro
holy	svatý
holyspirit	NO TRANSLATION
homage	hold
hombre	NO TRANSLATION
hombres	NO TRANSLATION
home	Domov
homeboy	homeboy
homecoming	návrat domů
homeland	vlast
homeless	bez domova
homely	domácký
homemade	domácí výroba
homeopathic	homeopatický
homeopathy	homeopatie
homeowner	vlastník domu
homeroom	homeroom
homesick	nostalgický
homestead	usedlost
homesweethome	domov sladký domov
hometown	rodné město
homeward	domů
homework	domácí práce
homey	domácí
homicidal	vraždící
homicide	vražda
homily	kázání
homing	naváděcí
hominy	kukuřičná kaše
homo	homo
homogeneity	stejnorodost
homogeneous	homogenní
homologous	homologní
homologue	homolog
homology	homologii
homophobic	homofobní
homosexual	homosexuál
homosexuality	homosexualita
honcho	honcho
hone	vylepšení
honest	upřímný
honesty	poctivost
honey	Miláček
honeycomb	honeycomb
honeymoon	svatební cesta
honeysuckle	zimolez
honk	troubit
honky	honky
honor	čest
honorable	ctihodný
honorarium	honorář
honorary	čestný
honored	ctěn
hooch	hooch
hood	kapuce
hooded	s kapucí
hoodlum	chuligán
hoof	kopyto
hook	háček
hooked	zahnutý
hooker	šlapka
hookup	připojení
hooky	hooky
hooligan	chuligán
hoop	obruč
hoopla	hoopla
hooray	hurá
hoot	houkání
hooter	houkačka
hop	poskok
hope	naděje
hopeful	nadějný
hopeless	beznadějný
hopelessness	beznadějnost
hopes	naděje
hoping	doufám
hopper	násypník
horde	horda
horizon	horizont
horizontal	horizontální
horizontally	horizontálně
hormonal	hormonální
hormone	hormon
horn	roh
horned	rohatý
hornet	sršeň
horny	nadržený
horoscope	horoskop
horrendous	hrozný
horrible	hrozný
horribly	strašně
horrid	hrozný
horrific	hrůzný
horrified	zděšený
horrifying	hrůzný
horror	hrůza
horrors	hrůzy
horse	kůň
horseback	koně
horseman	jezdec
horsepower	koňská síla
horseradish	křen
horseshit	horseshit
horseshoe	podkova
horsey	kůň
horticultural	zahradnický
horticulture	zahradnictví
hosannah	NO TRANSLATION
hose	hadice
hosiery	punčochové zboží
hospice	hospic
hospitable	pohostinný
hospital	NEMOCNICE
hospitality	pohostinství
host	hostitel
hostage	rukojmí
hostel	Hostel
hostess	hostitelka
hostile	nepřátelský
hostilities	nepřátelské akce
hostility	nepřátelství
hot	horký
hot sauce	pikantní omáčkou
hotbed	pařeniště
hotdog	párek v rohlíku
hotel	hotel
hothead	horká hlava
hotline	horká linka
hotshot	hotshot
hotyoga	NO TRANSLATION
hound	ohař
hour	hodina
hourglass	přesýpací hodiny
hourly	hodinově
house	Dům
houseboat	houseboat
houseboy	houseboy
housebroken	domácnost
houseguest	domů
household	Domácnost
householder	hlídač
housekeeper	hospodyně
housekeeping	úklid
housewarming	domácnosti
housewife	žena v domácnosti
housework	domácí práce
housing	bydlení
hovel	kolna
hover	vznášet se
hovercraft	vznášedlo
howl	výt
howsoever	jakkoli
hoy	NO TRANSLATION
hub	rozbočovač
hubby	manžílek
huckleberry	borůvka
huddle	shluk
hue	odstín
huff	zlost
huffy	urážlivý
hug	obejmout
huge	obrovský
hugger	hugger
huggy	huggy
hugs	Objetí
hulk	vrak
hull	trup
hum	hučení
human	člověk
humane	humánní
humanitarian	humanitární
humanities	humanitních oborů
humanity	lidstvo
humankind	lidstvo
humanoid	humanoid
humanrights	NO TRANSLATION
humble	pokořit
humbled	ponížený
humbly	pokorně
humbug	švindl
humdrum	fádní
humid	vlhký
humidity	vlhkost vzduchu
humiliate	ponížit
humiliated	ponížený
humiliating	ponižující
humiliation	ponížení
humility	pokora
hummer	hummer
hummingbird	kolibřík
humongous	humongous
humor	humor
humored	humorózní
humorist	humorista
humorous	vtipný
hump	hrb
humpback	hrbáč
hunch	tušení
hunchback	hrbáč
hundred	sto
hundredth	setina
hunger	hlad
hungry	hladový
hunk	skýva
hunks	lakomec
hunky	hunky
hunt	lov
hunter	lovec
hunting	lov
huntress	lovkyně
hurdle	překážka
hurl	mrštit
hurrah	Hurá
hurricane	hurikán
hurricanes	hurikány
hurried	spěchal
hurry	pospěš si
hurryup	NO TRANSLATION
hurt	zranit
hurtful	bolestný
hurting	bolest
husband	manžel
husbandry	hospodářství
hush	utišit
hushed	tichý
husk	NO TRANSLATION
husky	chraplavý
hussy	pochybná ženština
hustle	ruch
hustler	hustler
hut	chata
hutch	králíkárna
hyacinth	hyacint
hybrid	hybridní
hydra	Hydra
hydrant	hydrant
hydrate	hydrát
hydraulic	hydraulické
hydraulics	hydraulika
hydrocephalus	hydrocefalus
hydrodynamics	hydrodynamika
hydrogen	vodík
hydrographic	hydrografické
hydrology	hydrologie
hydrophobia	hydrofobie
hydroponics	hydroponie
hyena	hyena
hygiene	hygiena
hygienic	hygienický
hygienist	hygienist
hymen	Panenská blána
hymn	hymnus
hype	humbuk
hyped	hyped
hyper	hyper
hyperactive	hyperaktivní
hyperbole	nadsázka
hyperspace	hyperprostor
hypertension	hypertenze
hypertrophy	hypertrofii
hyperventilate	hyperventilát
hyperventilating	hyperventilační
hyphen	pomlčka
hypnosis	hypnóza
hypnotic	hypnotický
hypnotist	hypnotizér
hypnotize	hypnotizovat
hypnotized	hypnotizován
hypochondriac	hypochondr
hypocrisy	pokrytectví
hypocrite	pokrytec
hypocritical	pokrytecký
hypodermic	podkožní
hypothalamus	hypotalamus
hypothermia	podchlazení
hypothesis	hypotéza
hypothetical	hypotetický
hysterectomy	hysterektomie
hysteria	hysterie
hysterical	hysterický
ibuprofen	ibuprofen
ice	led
ice tea	ledový čaj
iceberg	ledovec
icebox	lednice
icebreaker	ledoborec
iced	ledový
icing	námrazy
icky	icky
icon	ikona
iconic	ikonický
iconography	ikonografie
icy	ledový
id	id
idea	idea
ideal	ideál
idealism	idealismus
idealist	idealista
idealistic	idealistický
identical	identické
identically	identický
identification	identifikace
identify	identifikovat
identity	identita
ideology	ideologie
idiocy	idiotství
idiom	idiom
idiomatic	idiomatické
idiot	idiot
idiotic	idiotský
idiots	idioti
idle	líný
idleness	zahálka
idler	idler
idol	modla
idolatry	modlářství
idolizing	idolizace
idyllic	idylický
iffy	iffy
ifonly	pokud ano
igloo	iglú
igneous	ohnivý
ignite	zapálit
ignition	zapalování
ignorance	neznalost
ignorant	neznalý
ignore	ignorovat
iguana	iguana
ihatespiders	NO TRANSLATION
ilk	NO TRANSLATION
ill	nemocný
illegal	ilegální
illegality	nezákonnost
illegally	nelegálně
illegible	nečitelný
illegitimate	nelegitimní
illicit	nedovolený
illiterate	negramotný
illness	nemoc
illogical	nelogický
illuminate	osvětlit
illuminating	osvětlení
illumination	osvětlení
illuminator	iluminátor
illusion	iluze
illustrate	ilustrovat
illustration	ilustrace
illustrative	ilustrativní
illustrious	proslulý
ilovechristmas	NO TRANSLATION
iloveher	NO TRANSLATION
image	obraz
imagery	snímky
imaginable	představitelné
imaginary	imaginární
imagination	fantazie
imaginative	imaginativní
imagine	představ si
imagined	představoval
imaging	zobrazování
imagining	představovat
imam	NO TRANSLATION
imbalance	nerovnováha
imbecile	imbecilní
imbedded	vložené
imissyou	NO TRANSLATION
imitate	napodobit
imitated	napodoben
imitation	imitace
immaculate	bezvadný
immaterial	nehmotný
immature	nezralý
immaturity	nezralost
immeasurable	nezměrné
immeasurably	nezměřitelný
immediacy	bezprostřednost
immediate	bezprostřední
immediately	ihned
immemorial	prastarý
immense	obrovský
immerse	ponořit
immersion	ponoření
immigrant	přistěhovalec
immigration	přistěhovalectví
imminent	bezprostřední
immobile	nehybný
immoral	nemorální
immorality	nemorálnost
immortal	nesmrtelný
immortality	nesmrtelnost
immovable	nemovitost
immune	imunní
immunity	imunita
immunization	imunizace
immutable	neměnný
imp	imp
impact	dopad
impair	narušit
impaired	poškozen
impairment	poškození
impart	předat
impartial	nestranný
impartiality	nestrannost
impassable	neprůchodné
impassioned	vášnivý
impatience	netrpělivost
impatient	netrpělivý
impatiently	NO TRANSLATION
impeach	obvinit
impeachment	obžaloba
impeccable	dokonalý
impede	překážet
impediment	překážka
impelled	impulzní
impending	hrozící
impenetrable	neproniknutelný
imperative	rozkazovací způsob
imperceptible	nepostřehnutelný
imperfect	nedokonalý
imperfection	nedokonalost
imperfectly	nedokonalé
imperial	císařský
imperialist	NO TRANSLATION
impermeable	nepropustné
impermissible	nepřípustné
impersonal	neosobní
impersonate	vyděsit
impersonation	předstírání identity
impersonator	imitátor
impertinence	drzost
impertinent	impertinentní
impervious	nepropustný
impetuous	impetutivní
impetus	impuls
implacable	nesmiřitelný
implant	implantát
implantation	implantace
implanted	implantován
implement	nářadí
implicate	zaplést
implicated	implicit
implication	implikace
implied	implicitní
implore	prosit
implosion	imploze
imply	imply
impolite	nezdvořilý
import	import
importance	důležitost
important	Důležité
importation	dovoz
impose	vnucovat
imposing	impozantní
imposition	uvalení
impossibility	nemožnost
impossible	nemožné
impostor	podvodník
impotence	impotence
impotent	impotentní
impound	zabavit
impoverished	chudé
impracticable	neproveditelné
impractical	nepraktický
impregnable	nedobytný
impregnate	impregnovat
impress	zapůsobit
impressed	ohromen
impression	dojem
impressionable	vnímavý
impressive	impozantní
imprint	otisk
imprison	uvěznit
imprisoned	uvězněn
imprisonment	odnětí svobody
improbable	nepravděpodobný
impromptu	improvizovaný
improper	nevhodný
impropriety	nevhodný
improve	zlepšit
improved	zlepšení
improvement	zlepšení
improves	zlepšuje
improving	zlepšení
improvisation	improvizace
improvise	improvizovat
improvised	improvizovaný
imprudent	nedůvěřivý
impudence	drzost
impudent	drzý
impulse	impuls
impulsive	impulsivní
impunity	beztrestnost
impure	nečistý
impurity	nečistota
imputation	imputace
imtryingtosleep	NO TRANSLATION
inability	neschopnost
inaccessible	nepřístupný
inaccurate	nepřesné
inaction	nečinnost
inactivate	deaktivovat
inactivation	inaktivace
inactive	neaktivní
inactivity	nečinnost
inadequacy	nedostatečnost
inadequate	nedostačující
inadequateness	nedostatečnost
inadmissible	nepřípustný
inadvertent	neúmyslně
inadvertently	neúmyslně
inaffable	NO TRANSLATION
inalienable	nezcizitelný
inane	inane
inanimate	neživý
inapplicable	neuplatnitelné
inappropriate	nevhodný
inattention	nepozornost
inaudible	neslyšitelný
inaugural	inaugurační
inaugurate	slavnost
inauguration	inaugurace
inborn	vrozený
inbound	příchozí
inbred	inbrední
incalculable	nevypočitatelné
incandescent	žhavící
incantation	zaklínadlo
incapable	neschopný
incapacity	neschopnost
incarceration	uvěznění
incarnate	inkarnovat
incase	v případě
incendiary	zápalný
incense	kadidlo
incensed	obtěžování
incentive	pobídka
inception	počátek
incessant	neustálý
incessantly	neustále
incest	incest
incestuous	incestní
inch	palec
incidence	incidence
incident	incident
incidental	vedlejší
incidentally	mimochodem
incineration	spalování
incinerator	spalovna
incipient	počáteční
incision	řez
incisive	pronikavý
incite	podněcovat
incitement	podněcování
inclement	nevhodné
inclination	sklon
incline	naklonění
inclined	nakloněný
include	zahrnout
included	zahrnuta
including	počítaje v to
inclusion	zařazení
inclusive	včetně
incognito	inkognito
incoherent	nesouvislý
income	příjem
incoming	přicházející
incomparable	nesrovnatelný
incompatible	nekompatibilní
incompetence	neschopnost
incompetent	neschopný
incomplete	neúplný
incompletely	neúplně
incompleteness	neúplnost
incomprehensible	nepochopitelný
inconceivable	nepředstavitelné
inconclusive	nepřesvědčivý
incongruous	nepohodlné
inconsequential	bezvýznamný
inconsiderate	bezohledný
inconsistency	nesoulad
inconsistent	nekonzistentní
inconspicuous	nenápadný
incontinence	inkontinence
inconvenience	nepohodlí
inconvenient	nevyhovující
incorporate	začlenit
incorporation	začlenění
incorrect	nesprávný
incorrigible	nenapravitelný
increase	zvýšit
increased	zvýšené
incredible	neuvěřitelný
incredulous	nevěřící
increment	přírůstek
incriminate	obvinit
incriminating	inkriminující
incrimination	obvinění
incubation	inkubace
incubator	inkubátor
incubus	upír
incumbent	provozovatel
incur	vzniknout
incurable	nevyléčitelné
incursion	vpád
indebted	zadlužený
indecency	neslušnost
indecent	sprostý
indecision	nerozhodnost
indecisive	nerozhodný
indefensible	neohrožitelný
indefinite	neurčitý
indelible	nesmazatelný
indemnification	odškodnění
indemnify	odškodnit
indemnity	odškodnění
indent	Odrážka
indentation	odsazení
indenture	odsouzení
independence	nezávislost
independent	nezávislý
indescribable	nepopsatelný
indestructible	nezničitelný
indeterminate	neurčitý
index	index
indicate	uveďte
indicating	označující
indication	indikace
indicative	orientační
indicator	indikátor
indice	NO TRANSLATION
indict	obvinit
indictment	obžaloba
indie	indie
indifference	lhostejnost
indifferent	lhostejný
indigenous	domorodé
indigent	nuzný
indigestion	špatné trávení
indignant	rozhořčený
indignation	rozhořčení
indignity	ponížení
indigo	indigo
indirect	nepřímý
indiscreet	netaktní
indiscretion	netaktnost
indispensable	nepostradatelný
indisposed	nepostradatelný
indistinct	nejasný
indistinguishable	nerozeznatelný
individual	individuální
individuality	osobitost
indivisible	nedělitelný
indoctrination	indoktrinace
indolent	indolentní
indomitable	nezkrotný
indoor	krytý
induce	vyvolat
induced	indukovaný
inducement	podněcování
induction	indukce
indulge	dopřejte si
indulgence	shovívavost
indulgent	shovívavý
industrial	průmyslový
industrialist	průmyslník
industrious	pracovitý
industry	průmysl
ineffable	nevýslovný
ineffective	neúčinné
ineffectual	neúčinné
inefficiency	neefektivnost
inefficient	neefektivní
inelastic	neelastický
ineligible	neoprávněné
inept	nešikovný
ineptitude	ineptitude
inequality	nerovnost
inequitable	nespravedlivý
inert	inertní
inertia	setrvačnost
inevitable	nevyhnutelný
inexact	nepřesný
inexcusable	nevyslovitelný
inexhaustible	nevyčerpatelný
inexpensive	levný
inexperience	nezkušenost
inexperienced	nezkušený
inexplicable	nevysvětlitelný
inexpressible	nepopsatelný
infallibility	neomylnost
infallible	neomylný
infamous	neslavné
infamy	nepoctivost
infancy	dětství
infant	dítě
infanticide	infanticid
infantile	infantilní
infantry	pěchota
infarct	infarkt
infatuated	zamilovaný
infatuation	poblouznění
infeasible	neuskutečnitelný
infect	infikovat
infection	infekce
infectious	infekční
infer	usoudit
inference	odvození
inferential	inferenční
inferior	nižší
inferiority	méněcennosti
infernal	pekelný
inferno	peklo
infertile	neplodný
infertility	neplodnost
infestation	zamoření
infidel	nevěřící
infidelity	nevěra
infield	infield
infiltrate	infiltrovat
infiltration	infiltrace
infinite	nekonečný
infinitely	nekonečně
infinitesimal	infinitezimální
infinity	nekonečno
infirm	nemohoucí
infirmary	ošetřovna
infirmity	slabost
inflammation	zánět
inflammatory	zánětlivé
inflatable	nafukovací
inflate	nahustit
inflated	nafouknutý
inflation	inflace
inflection	skloňování
inflict	způsobit
infliction	postižení
inflorescence	květenství
influence	vliv
influential	vlivný
influenza	chřipka
influx	příliv
info	info
infomercial	infomercial
inform	informovat
informal	neformální
informant	informátor
information	informace
informative	informativní
informed	informovaný
informer	informátor
infraction	porušení
infrared	infračervený
infrastructure	infrastruktura
infrequent	občasné
infrequently	zřídka
infringement	porušení
infuriate	rozzuřit
infuriated	rozzlobený
infuriates	zdědí
infuriating	rozzuřující
infuse	infuze
infused	infuze
infuser	infuser
infusion	infuze
ingenious	geniální
ingenuity	vynalézavost
ingest	ingest
ingestion	požití
ingot	ingot
ingrained	zakořeněný
ingrate	nevděčník
ingredient	přísada
ingress	vstup
inhabit	obývat
inhabitant	obyvatel
inhabited	obydlené
inhabiting	obývání
inhalation	inhalace
inhale	inhalovat
inhaler	inhalátor
inherent	vlastní
inherit	zdědit
inheritance	dědictví
inhibit	inhibovat
inhibition	inhibice
inhibitor	inhibitor
inhospitable	nehostinné
inhuman	nelidský
inhumane	nehumánní
inhumanity	nelidskost
inimaginable	NO TRANSLATION
inimical	nepřátelský
inimitable	nenapodobitelný
iniquity	neprávosti
initial	počáteční
initiate	zahájit
initiated	zahájena
initiation	zahájení
initiative	iniciativa
inject	vstříkněte
injection	injekce
injunction	soudní příkaz
injure	zranit
injured	zraněno
injuring	zranění
injurious	škodlivé
injury	zranění
injustice	bezpráví
ink	inkoust
inkling	tušení
inland	vnitrozemí
inlay	inlay
inlet	vstup
inmate	chovanec
inn	hospoda
innards	vnitřnosti
innate	vrozený
inner	vnitřní
innermost	nejvnitřnější
innerpeace	NO TRANSLATION
inning	směna
innings	inningy
innkeeper	hostinský
innocence	nevinnost
innocent	nevinný
innocently	nevinně
innocuous	neškodný
innovate	inovovat
innovation	inovace
innovative	inovační
innuendo	narážka
innumerable	nespočetný
inoculation	očkování
inoperable	nefunkční
inoperative	nefunkční
inordinate	nadměrné
inorganic	anorganický
input	vstup
inquest	vyšetřování
inquire	zeptejte se
inquirer	dotazník
inquiring	tázavý
inquiry	poptávka
inquisitive	zvědavý
inquisitor	inkvizitor
insane	šílený
insanity	šílenství
insatiable	nenasytný
inscription	nápis
inscrutable	nevyzpytatelný
insect	hmyz
insecticide	insekticid
insecure	nejistý
insecurity	nejistota
insemination	inseminace
insensitive	necitlivý
inseparable	neoddělitelné
insert	vložit
inserted	vloženo
insertion	vložení
inside	uvnitř
insider	insider
insidious	zákeřný
insight	vhled
insightful	nápadité
insignia	insignie
insignificance	bezvýznamnost
insignificant	nevýznamné
insinuate	insinuate
insipid	insipid
insist	trvat
insistence	naléhání
insistent	naléhavé
insists	trvá na tom
insolence	drzost
insolent	drzý
insoluble	nerozpustný
insolvency	platební neschopnost
insolvent	insolventní
insomnia	nespavost
insomniac	insomniac
inspect	kontrolovat
inspection	inspekce
inspector	inspektor
inspiration	inspirace
inspirational	inspirativní
inspire	inspirovat
inspired	inspirovaný
instability	nestabilita
install	Nainstalujte
installation	instalace
installment	splátka
instance	instance
instant	okamžitý
instantaneous	okamžitý
instantaneously	okamžitě
instigate	podněcovat
instigation	podněcování
instill	vštípit
instinct	instinkt
instinctive	instinktivní
institute	ústav
institution	instituce
instruct	poučit
instructed	pokyny
instruction	návod
instructional	instruktážní
instructions	instrukce
instructive	instruktivní
instructor	instruktor
instrument	nástroj
instrumental	instrumentální
instrumentalist	instrumentalista
instrumentality	nástroj
insubordination	neposlušnost
insufferable	nesnesitelný
insufficiency	nedostatečnost
insufficient	nedostatečné
insufficiently	nedostatečně
insular	ostrovní
insulate	izolovat
insulated	izolované
insulation	izolace
insulin	inzulín
insult	urazit
insulting	urážející
insurance	pojištění
insure	pojistit
insurgent	povstalec
insurmountable	nepřekonatelný
insurrection	povstání
intact	neporušené
intake	přívod
intangible	nehmotný
integer	celé číslo
integral	integrální
integrate	integrovat
integration	integrace
integrity	integrita
intellect	intelekt
intellectual	intelektuální
intelligence	inteligence
intelligent	inteligentní
intelligibility	srozumitelnost
intelligible	srozumitelný
intend	zamýšlet
intended	zamýšlený
intending	v úmyslu
intense	intenzivní
intensely	intenzivně
intensify	zesílit
intensity	intenzita
intensive	intenzivní
intent	úmysl
intention	záměr
intentional	úmyslně
intentionally	záměrně
inter	pohřbít
interact	interagovat
interaction	interakce
interactive	interaktivní
intercede	zakročit
intercept	zachytit
interception	zachycení
intercession	přímluvu
interchange	výměna
interchangeable	zaměnitelné
interchanged	zaměnitelné
intercom	interkom
intercourse	styk
interdependence	vzájemná závislost
interdependent	vzájemně závislé
interdiction	zákaz
interest	zájem
interested	zájem
interesting	zajímavý
interface	rozhraní
interfere	zasahovat
interference	rušení
interferometer	interferometru
intergalactic	intergalaktický
interim	prozatímní
interior	interiér
interject	prohodit
interlocutory	interlocutory
interlude	mezihra
intermediary	zprostředkovatel
intermediate	středně pokročilí
interment	hnojení
interminable	nekonečný
intermission	přestávka
intermittent	přerušované
intern	internovat
internal	vnitřní
internally	vnitřně
international	mezinárodní
internet	Internet
internship	stáž
interoffice	interroffice
interpolate	interpolovat
interpolation	interpolace
interpret	interpretovat
interpretation	výklad
interpreter	tlumočník
interpretive	interpretativní
interrelated	vzájemně souvisejících
interrogate	vyslýchat
interrogation	výslech
interrupt	přerušit
interrupted	přerušeno
interrupting	přerušení
interruption	přerušení
interrupts	přeruší
intersect	protínají
intersection	průsečík
interstate	mezistátní
interstellar	mezihvězdný
interstitial	intersticiální
interval	interval
intervene	zasahovat
intervening	zasahovat
intervention	zásah
interview	rozhovor
interviewer	tazatel
interworking	interworking
intestate	bez závěti
intestinal	střevní
intestine	střevo
intestines	střeva
intimacy	intimita
intimate	intimní
intimately	důvěrně
intimation	náznak
intimidate	zastrašit
intimidated	zastrašování
intimidating	zastrašující
intimidation	zastrašování
intolerable	nesnesitelné
intolerance	intolerance
intolerant	intolerantní
intonation	intonace
intoxicated	intoxikován
intoxicating	opojný
intoxication	opojení
intracranial	intrakraniální
intractable	nepoddajný
intramural	intramural
intravenous	intravenózní
intrepid	neohrožený
intricate	složitý
intrigue	intrika
intriguing	fascinující
intrinsic	vnitřní
intrinsically	vlastně
intro	intro
introduce	představit
introduction	úvod
introductory	úvodní
introspection	introspekce
introspective	introspektivní
intrude	narušit
intruder	vetřelec
intrusion	vniknutí
intrusive	rušivé
intubation	intubace
intuition	intuice
intuitive	intuitivní
intuitively	intuitivně
inundation	zaplavení
invade	napadnout
invader	vetřelec
invalid	neplatný
invalidate	zrušit platnost
invalidation	zneplatnění
invalidity	invalidita
invaluable	neocenitelný
invariably	stále
invasion	invaze
invasive	invazivní
invent	vymyslet
invention	vynález
inventive	invenční
inventor	vynálezce
inventory	inventář
inverse	inverzní
inversely	obráceně
inversion	inverze
invert	invert
inverted	obrácené
invest	investovat
investigate	vyšetřovat
investigation	vyšetřování
investigative	vyšetřovací
investigator	vyšetřovatel
investment	investice
investor	investor
invidious	Zátěž
invigorate	posílit
invincible	neporazitelný
invisibility	neviditelnost
invisible	neviditelný
invitation	pozvání
invite	pozvat
inviting	pozvání
invocation	vyvolání
invoice	faktura
invoke	vyvolat
involuntary	nedobrovolné
involution	involuce
involve	zapojit
involvement	účast
invulnerable	nezranitelný
inwards	dovnitř
iodine	jód
ion	ion
iota	jota
irate	rozzlobený
ire	NO TRANSLATION
iridescent	iridescentní
iris	duhovka
irked	zděšený
irks	irks
iron	žehlička
ironclad	ironclad
ironic	ironický
irons	žehličky
irony	ironie
irradiation	ozáření
irrational	iracionální
irrationality	nerozumnost
irreconcilable	neslučitelné
irreducible	neredukovatelné
irrefutable	nezvratný
irregular	nepravidelný
irregularity	nepravidelnosti
irregularly	nepravidelně
irrelevant	irelevantní
irreparable	nenapravitelná
irreplaceable	nenahraditelný
irrepressible	nepotlačitelný
irresistible	neodolatelný
irrespective	nehledě na to
irresponsible	nezodpovědný
irreverent	neuctivý
irreversible	nevratné
irrevocable	neodvolatelný
irrigate	zavlažovat
irrigation	zavlažování
irritability	podrážděnost
irritable	dráždivý
irritate	dráždit
irritated	podrážděná
irritates	dráždí
irritating	dráždivý
irritation	podráždění
island	ostrov
isle	ostrůvek
islet	ostrůvek
isolate	izolovat
isolated	izolovaný
isolation	izolace
isomorphism	izomorfismus
isothermal	izotermický
isotope	izotop
issue	problém
itch	svědění
itching	svědění
itchy	svědivý
item	položka
itemize	itemize
items	položek
iterate	iterate
iteration	opakování
iterative	iterativní
itinerant	cestující
itinerary	itinerář
ivory	slonová kost
jab	píchnout
jabber	brebentit
jack	zvedák
jackal	šakal
jackass	blbec
jacket	Bunda
jackhammer	sbíječka
jackpot	jackpot
jackrabbit	jackrabbit
jacks	jacks
jade	nefrit
jaded	unavený
jag	NO TRANSLATION
jagged	zubatý
jaguar	jaguár
jail	vězení
jailbird	kriminálník
jailbreak	útěk z vězení
jailer	žalářník
jailhouse	vězení
jalopy	kraksna
jam	džem
jamboree	veselice
jammed	uvíznutí
jammer	rušička
janitor	vrátný
janitorial	janitorial
japan	Japonsko
jar	sklenice
jargon	žargon
jarhead	jarhead
jarring	jarring
jasmine	jasmín
jasper	jaspis
jaundice	žloutenka
jaunt	výlet
java	Jáva
javelin	oštěp
jaw	čelist
jawbone	čelist
jaws	čelisti
jay	sojka
jazz	jazz
jazzy	jazzy
jealous	žárlivý
jealousy	žárlivost
jean	Jean
jeans	džíny
jeep	džíp
jeering	jeering
jelly	želé
jellybean	želé fazole
jellyfish	Medúza
jenny	jenny
jeopardize	ohrozit
jeopardy	ohrožení
jerk	blbec
jerks	jerky
jerky	sušené maso
jersey	trikot
jest	NO TRANSLATION
jester	šašek
jesus	Ježíš
jet	proud
jetty	molo
jewel	klenot
jeweler	klenotník
jewelry	šperky
jib	jib
jiff	NO TRANSLATION
jiffy	okamžik
jig	jig
jiggle	pohupovat
jigsaw	vykružovačka
jihad	džihád
jimmy	jimmy
jingle	cinkot
jinx	uhranout
jitters	nervozita
jittery	nervózní
jive	jive
job	práce
jobinterview	NO TRANSLATION
jock	jock
jockey	žokej
jockstrap	suspenzor
jog	jog
jogger	jogger
john	John
join	připojit
joined	připojeno
joining	spojování
joint	kloub
jointly	společně
joke	žert
joker	žolík
joking	žertovat
jolly	rozjařený
jolt	otřes
jornada	NO TRANSLATION
jot	drobek
jour	NO TRANSLATION
journal	časopis
journalism	žurnalistika
journalist	novinář
journalistic	žurnalistické
journey	cesta
journeyman	technik
joust	joust
jovial	žoviální
joy	radost
joyful	rozradostněný
joyous	radostný
joyride	joyride
joys	radosti
jubilant	jásavý
jubilee	jubileum
judge	soudce
judged	posuzováno
judging	posuzování
judgment	rozsudek
judgmental	soudní
judicial	soudní
judiciary	justiční
judicious	rozumný
judo	džudo
jug	džbán
juggle	žonglovat
juggler	žonglér
juggling	žonglování
jugular	krční
juice	šťáva
juicer	odšťavňovač
juicy	šťavnatý
juju	NO TRANSLATION
juke	juke
jukebox	Hudební automat
jumble	míchanice
jumbled	míchal
jumbo	jumbo
jump	skok
jump rope	skákací provaz
jumper	skokan
jumpsuit	kombinéza
jumpy	nervózní
junction	spojení
juncture	spojení
jungle	džungle
junior	juniorský
juniper	jalovec
junk	haraburdí
junket	hostina
junkie	feťák
junky	junky
junkyard	skládka
junta	junta
juridical	právní
jurisdiction	jurisdikce
jurisprudence	judikatura
jurist	právník
juror	porotce
jury	porota
justice	spravedlnost
justifiable	opodstatněné
justification	Zarovnání
justify	ospravedlnit
juststop	NO TRANSLATION
justthebeginning	NO TRANSLATION
jute	juta
juvenile	mladistvý
juxtaposition	juxtapozice
kaiser	kaiser
kale	kapusta
kaleidoscope	kaleidoskop
kamikaze	kamikaze
kangaroo	klokan
kanji	kanji
kappa	kappa
kaput	NO TRANSLATION
karaoke	karaoke
karate	karate
karma	karma
karmic	karmický
kayak	kajak
kazoo	kazoo
kebab	kebab
keel	kýl
keen	zájem
keep	držet
keeper	brankář
keeping	udržování
keepsake	dárek na památku
keg	soudek
kelp	kelp
ken	ken
kennel	chovatelská stanice
kerchief	šátek
kern	kern
kernel	jádro
kerosene	petrolej
ketchup	kečup
kettle	konvice
key	klíč
keyboard	klávesnice
keyed	s klíčem
keyhole	klíčová dírka
keynote	klíčová poznámka
keypad	klávesnice
keystone	keystone
keyword	klíčové slovo
khaki	khaki
khan	khan
kibble	kibble
kick	kop
kickboxing	kickboxování
kicker	kicker
kicking	kopání
kickoff	výkop
kid	dítě
kidder	chlapče
kidding	dělat si srandu
kiddo	děcko
kiddos	kiddos
kidnap	unést
kidnapped	unesli
kidnapper	únosce
kidnapping	únos
kidney	ledviny
kids	děti
kill	zabít
killer	zabiják
killing	zabíjení
killjoy	killjoy
kiln	pec
kilo	NO TRANSLATION
kilogram	kilogram
kilometer	kilometr
kilt	kilt
kimono	kimono
kin	příbuzní
kind	druh
kindergarten	mateřská školka
kindling	zapálení
kindness	laskavost
kindred	příbuzenství
kinematics	kinematika
kinesiology	kineziologie
kinetic	kinetický
king	král
king snake	králův had
kingdom	království
kingpin	Kingpin
kink	kink
kinky	kinky
kinship	příbuzenství
kiosk	stánek
kirk	kostel
kiss	polibek
kisser	kisser
kissy	kissy
kit	kit
kitchen	kuchyně
kite	papírový drak
kitten	kotě
kiwi	kiwi
klutz	klutz
knack	zručnost
knapsack	batoh
knead	hníst
knee	koleno
kneecap	čéška
kneel	klečet
kneeling	klečící
knell	umíráček
knick	knick
knickers	kalhotky
knife	nůž
knight	rytíř
knighthood	rytířství
knit	plést
knob	knoflík
knock	klepání
knockoff	knockoff
knockout	knokaut
knoll	pahorek
knot	uzel
knots	uzly
knotted	vázané
know	vědět
knowing	vědět
knowingly	vědomě
knowledge	znalost
knowledgeable	znalostí
knuckle	koleno
knucklehead	knucklehead
knuckles	klouby
koala	koala
kook	NO TRANSLATION
kooky	kůň
kool-aid	kool-aid
kos	kos
kosher	košer
kraut	NO TRANSLATION
kris	kris
kryptonite	kryptonitu
kudos	sláva
kumquat	kumquat
lab	laboratoř
label	označení
labor	práce
laboratory	laboratoř
labored	pracoval
laborer	dělník
laboring	pracovat
laborious	pracný
labyrinth	labyrint
lac	lac
lace	krajka
laceration	lacerace
lack	nedostatek
lackey	lokaj
lacking	chybí
lackluster	nedostatečné
lacquer	lak
lacrosse	laktóza
lactose	laktóza
lad	chlapec
ladder	žebřík
laddie	laddie
laden	naložený
lading	nákladní
ladle	naběračka
lady	dáma
lady bug	NO TRANSLATION
ladybug	slunéčko sedmitečné
ladylike	ladylike
ladyship	hraběnka
lag	zpoždění
lager	NO TRANSLATION
lagging	zaostávání
lagoon	laguna
lair	doupě
laity	laici
lake	jezero
lama	NO TRANSLATION
lamb	jehněčí
lame	chromý
lament	nářek
lamenting	lamentování
lamina	plátek
laminated	laminované
lamp	svítilna
lamppost	kandelábr
lance	lance
lancer	kopiník
land	přistát
landed	přistál
landfall	landfall
landfill	skládka
landing	přistání
landlady	paní domácí
landlocked	vnitrozemský
landlord	hostinský
landmark	mezník
lands	země
landscape	krajina
landscaping	terénní úpravy
landslide	sesuv půdy
lane	pruh
language	Jazyk
languid	malátný
languish	zemřít
languishing	umdlévající
lanky	vytáhlý
lantern	lucerna
lap	klín
lapdog	psíček
lapel	klopa
lapse	chyba
lapsed	zanikl
laptop	notebooku
larceny	krádež
lard	sádlo
larder	spižírna
large	velký
larger	větší
largo	NO TRANSLATION
lark	skřivan
larva	larva
laryngitis	zánět hrtanu
larynx	hrtan
lasagna	lasagna
laser	laser
lash	bič
lass	děvče
lasso	laso
lastday	NO TRANSLATION
lasting	trvalý
lastminute	lastminute
latch	západka
late	pozdě
lateness	opoždění
latent	latentní
lateral	postranní
laterally	bočně
latex	latex
lathe	soustruh
lather	pěna
latitude	zeměpisná šířka
latrine	latrína
latrines	latríny
latte	latte
lattice	mřížka
laud	chvála
laudable	chvályhodný
laudation	velebení
laudatory	laudatory
laugh	smát se
laughable	směšný
laughing	smějící se
laughingstock	NO TRANSLATION
laughs	Smích
laughter	smích
launch	zahájení
launcher	spouštěč
launches	spouští
launder	prát
laundering	praní
laundry	prádelna
laureate	laureát
laurel	vavřín
laurels	vavříny
lava	láva
lavage	lavage
lavatory	záchod
lavender	levandule
lavish	bohatý
law	zákon
lawful	zákonné
lawless	nezákonný
lawlessness	bezpráví
lawman	právník
lawn	trávník
lawnmower	sekačka na trávu
lawsuit	soudní řízení
lawyer	právník
lax	laxní
laxative	projímadlo
lay	položit
layaway	layaway
layer	vrstva
layered	vrstvené
layman	laik
layout	uspořádání
layover	mezipřistání
laziness	lenost
lazy	líný
lazyday	líný den
lea	lea
lead	Vést
leaded	olovnatý
leader	vůdce
leadership	vedení lidí
leading	vedoucí
leads	vede
leaf	list
leaflet	leták
leafy	listnaté
league	liga
leak	unikat
leakage	úniku
leaky	děravý
lean	opírat se
leaned	naklonil se
leaning	skloněný
leap	skok
learn	Učit se
learned	naučil se
learner	student
learning	učení se
lease	pronájem
leash	řemínek
leather	kůže
leathery	kožený
leave	zanechat, opustit
leavemealone	nech mě na pokoji
leaving	opouštět
lecherous	chlípný
lecture	přednáška
lecturer	přednášející
ledge	římsa
ledger	účetní kniha
lee	závětří
leech	pijavice
leeches	pijavice
leer	NO TRANSLATION
leery	leery
lees	NO TRANSLATION
leeway	volnost
left	vlevo, odjet
leftout	NO TRANSLATION
leftover	zbytek
leftovers	zbytky
lefty	levičák
leg	noha
legacy	dědictví
legal	právní
legality	legality
legalize	legalizovat
legalized	legalizováno
legally	legálně
legend	legenda
legendary	legendární
legibility	čitelnost
legible	čitelný
legion	legie
legislate	legislativu
legislation	legislativa
legislative	legislativní
legislator	zákonodárce
legislature	legislativu
legit	legit
legitimacy	legitimnost
legitimate	legitimní
lego	lego
legs	nohy
legume	lusk
legwork	legwork
leisure	volný čas
leisurely	neuspěchaný
lemma	lemma
lemon	citrón
lemonade	limonáda
lend	půjčovat
lender	půjčovatel
lending	půjčky
length	délka
lengthen	prodloužit
lengthened	prodlouženo
lengthening	prodloužení
lengthwise	podélně
lengthy	zdlouhavý
leniency	shovívavost
lenient	shovívavý
lens	objektiv
leopard	leopard
leotard	tričko
leper	malomocný
leprechaun	leprechaun
leprosy	malomocenství
lesbian	lesby
lesbianism	lesbianismus
lesion	léze
less	méně
lessee	nájemce
lessen	snížit
lessening	snížení
lesser	méně
lesson	lekce
lessor	pronajímatel
let	nechat
lethal	smrtící
lethargic	letargický
lethargy	letargie
letter	dopis
lettered	napsáno
letterhead	hlavičkový papír
lettering	nápis
letters	písmena
lettuce	hlávkový salát
leukemia	leukémie
levee	levee
level	úroveň
lever	páka
leverage	vliv
levitate	levitovat
levy	poplatek
lewd	oplzlý
lexicon	Lexikon
ley	NO TRANSLATION
liabilities	závazků
liability	odpovědnost
liable	odpovědnost
liaison	spojení
liar	lhář
libel	libel
libelous	hanlivý
liberal	liberální
liberalism	liberalismus
liberate	osvobodit
liberated	osvobozen
liberating	osvobození
liberation	osvobození
liberty	svoboda
libido	libido
librarian	knihovník
library	knihovna
libretto	libreto
lice	vši
license	licence
lichen	lišejník
lick	lízat
licorice	lékořice
lid	víčko
lie	lhát
liege	Liege
lien	zástavní právo
lieu	lož
lieutenant	poručík
life	život
lifeblood	životní krve
lifeboat	záchranný člun
lifeguard	PLAVČÍK
lifeisgood	život je dobrý
lifeless	bez života
lifelike	živý
lifeline	záchranné lano
lifelong	celoživotní
lifer	odsouzenec na doživotí
lifesaver	záchranář
lifestyle	životní styl
lifesucks	životy
lifetime	život
lift	výtah
lifted	zvedl
liftoff	liftoff
ligament	vaz
ligation	ligace
ligature	ligatura
light	světlo
light year	světelný rok
lightbulb	žárovka
lighten	světlejší
lightheaded	lehké
lighthouse	maják
lighting	osvětlení
lightness	lehkost
lightning	Blesk
lights	světla
lightweight	lehká váha
likable	sympatický
like	jako
likelihood	pravděpodobnost
likely	pravděpodobně
likeness	podoba
likewise	rovněž
liking	záliba
lilac	šeřík
lily	lilie
limb	končetiny
limber	ohebný
limbo	předpeklí
lime	Limetka
limelight	světelného světla
limestone	vápenec
limey	limey
limit	omezit
limitation	omezení
limited	omezený
limitless	neomezený
limo	limonáda
limousine	limuzína
limp	kulhat
lin	lin
line	čára
lineage	lineage
lineal	lineální
linear	lineární
linebacker	linebacker
lined	lemováno
linen	prádlo
liner	vložka
lines	line
lineup	lineup
linger	prodlévat
lingerie	spodní prádlo
lingering	přetrvávající
lingo	žargon
lingual	lingvální
linguini	linguini
linguist	lingvista
linguistic	lingvistické
linguistics	lingvistika
lining	podšívka
link	odkaz
linoleum	linoleum
lint	nehty
lion	lev
lip	ret
liposuction	liposukce
lipstick	rtěnka
liquefaction	zkapalnění
liquefied	zkapalněný
liqueur	likér
liquid	kapalina
liquidate	likvidovat
liquidation	likvidace
liquidator	likvidátor
liquidity	likvidita
liquor	alkohol
lira	NO TRANSLATION
lisp	lisp
list	seznam
listen	poslouchat
listener	posluchač
listenting	NO TRANSLATION
listing	výpis
listless	apatický
listneing	NO TRANSLATION
litany	litanie
liter	litr
literacy	gramotnost
literal	doslovný
literally	doslovně
literary	literární
literature	literatura
lithe	pružný
lithium	lithium
lithograph	litografie
lithography	litografie
lithology	litologie
lithosphere	litosféra
litigant	účastník řízení
litigate	soudní spor
litigation	soudní spory
litigator	soudce
litigious	sporný
litter	smetí
little	málo
littlethings	malé věci
littoral	pobřežní
liturgy	liturgie
live	žít
livelife	žít život
livelihood	živobytí
lively	živý
liven	oživit
liver	játra
livery	livrej
livestock	hospodářských zvířat
livid	livid
living	živobytí
lizard	ještěrka
llama	lama
lml	lml
load	zatížení
loader	nakladač
loaf	bochník
loafer	povaleč
loam	hlína
loan	půjčka
loath	nepoctivost
loathe	nesnášet
loathful	odporný
loathing	opovržení
loathsome	odporný
lobby	lobby
lobbyist	lobbista
lobe	lalok
lobotomy	lobotomie
lobster	humr
local	místní
locale	místního prostředí
locality	lokalita
localization	lokalizace
localize	lokalizovat
localized	lokalizováno
locate	lokalizovat
location	umístění
locator	lokátor
loch	jezero
lock	zámek
locker	skříňka
locket	medailon
locksmith	zámečník
lockup	zamknout
loco	loco
locomotion	pohyb
locomotive	lokomotiva
locust	kobylka
lode	NO TRANSLATION
lodge	lodge
lodger	lodger
lodging	nocleh
loft	loft
lofty	vznešený
log	log
logarithm	logaritmus
logarithmic	logaritmický
logic	logika
logical	logický
logistics	logistiky
logo	logo
logotype	logotyp
loin	NO TRANSLATION
lollipop	lízátko
lone	osamělý
loneliness	osamělost
lonely	osamělý
loner	samotář
lonesome	osamělý
long	dlouho
longboat	dlouhý člun
longevity	dlouhověkost
longing	touha
longitude	zeměpisná délka
longitudinal	podélný
longitudinally	podélně
longtime	dlouho
loo	loo
look	dívej se
looker	vzhled
lookout	pozor
loom	tkalcovský stav
looming	hrozící
loon	cvok
loony	praštěný
loop	smyčka
loophole	mezera
loopy	kličkující
loose	volný
loosen	uvolnit
loosening	uvolnění
loot	kořist
lop	prokreslit
lopsided	nesouvislé
lord	pán
lords	pánů
lordship	lordstvo
lore	tradice
lorry	nákladní auto
lose	prohrát
loser	ztroskotanec
losing	ztrácí
loss	ztráta
lost	ztracený
lot	hodně
lotion	lotion
lots	spousty
lottery	loterie
lotto	loterie
lotus	lotus
loud	hlasitý
loudly	hlasitě
loudmouth	křikloun
loudness	hlasitost
loudspeaker	reproduktor
lounge	salonek
lounging	lenošení
louse	veš
lousy	mizerný
lovable	roztomilý
love	milovat
loved	miloval
lovee	lovee
loveee	loveee
loveless	bez lásky
lovelife	NO TRANSLATION
loveliness	roztomilost
lovelovelove	NO TRANSLATION
lovely	půvabný
lovemaking	milování
lovemylife	Miluji svůj život
lover	milenec
lovesick	roztoužený
lovethis	lovethis
loving	milující
lovinglife	milující život
lovinlife	lovinlife
low	nízký
lowdown	lowdown
lower	dolní
lowering	snížení
lowest	Nejnižší
lowlands	nížiny
lowlife	nízká výdrž
lowly	pokorný
lox	lox
loyal	loajální
loyalty	věrnost
lsd	LSD
luau	luau
lube	lube
lubricant	mazivo
lubricate	mazat
lubrication	mazání
lucid	přehledný
luck	štěstí
luckiest	nejšťastnější
lucky	šťastný
luckygirl	šťastná dívka
lucrative	lukrativní
ludicrous	absurdní
lug	tahat se
luggage	zavazadla
lukewarm	vlažný
lull	přestávka
lullaby	ukolébavka
lumbar	bederní
lumber	řezivo
lumbering	řezivo
lumberjack	dřevorubec
luminescent	světélkující
luminous	světelné
lump	kus
lumpy	hrudkovitý
lunacy	šílenství
lunar	měsíční
lunatic	blázen
lunch	oběd
lunchbox	obědová krabička
luncheon	oběd
lunchtime	čas oběda
lung	plíce
lunge	výpad
lungs	plíce
lurch	škubnutí
lure	lákat
lurid	rozzlobený
lurk	číhat
lurking	číhá
luscious	lahodný
lush	bujný
lust	chtíč
luster	lesk
lustful	chtivý
lustrous	lesklý
lusty	chtivý
lute	loutna
luxuriant	bujný
luxurious	luxusní
luxury	luxus
lycra	lycra
lye	louh
lying	ležící
lymph	lymfy
lymphatic	lymfatický
lymphoma	lymfom
lynch	lynčovat
lynching	lynčování
lynx	rys
lyre	lyra
lyric	lyric
lyrical	lyrický
lyrics	text
macadamia	makadamie
macarena	macarena
macaroni	makaróny
mace	žezlo
mach	mach
machete	mačeta
machine	stroj
machinery	stroje
machinist	strojník
macho	macho
mackerel	makrela
macro	makro
mad	šílený
madam	paní
madame	madame
madden	madden
madder	madder
mademoiselle	NO TRANSLATION
mademyday	mademyday
madhouse	blázinec
madman	šílenec
madness	šílenství
maestro	maestro
mafia	mafie
magazine	časopis
mage	kouzelník
magenta	purpurová
maggot	červ
magic	kouzlo
magical	magický
magician	kouzelník
magistrate	smírčí soudce
magma	magma
magna	magna
magnate	magnát
magnesium	hořčíku
magnet	magnet
magnetic	magnetický
magnetism	magnetismus
magnetite	magnetit
magnification	zvětšení
magnificence	velkolepost
magnificent	velkolepý
magnifier	lupa
magnify	zvětšit
magnifying	zvětšování
magnitude	velikosti
magnolia	magnólie
magpie	straka
mahi mahi	NO TRANSLATION
mahjong	mahjong
mahogany	mahagon
maid	služka
maiden	dívčí
mail	pošta
mailbox	mailové schránky
mailing	mailing
mailman	listonoš
maim	NO TRANSLATION
main	hlavní
mainframe	mainframe
mainland	pevnina
mainstay	hlavní opěrka
mainstream	hlavní proud
maintain	udržovat
maintenance	údržba
majestic	majestátní
majesty	majestát
major	hlavní, důležitý
majority	většina
make	udělat
makeover	přeměna
maker	výrobce
makeshift	provizorní
makesmehappy	NO TRANSLATION
makesmemad	NO TRANSLATION
makeup	makeup
makingdisciples	NO TRANSLATION
malady	nemoc
malaise	nevolnost
malaria	malárie
malarkey	malarkey
male	mužský
malevolent	zlovolný
malfeasance	zneužití
malformation	malformace
malfunction	porucha
malice	NO TRANSLATION
malicious	škodlivý
malign	pomlouvat
malignancy	malignitu
malignant	zhoubný
maligned	zhoubný
mall	nákupní centrum
malleable	měkké
mallet	palička
malnutrition	podvýživa
malpractice	zneužívání
malt	slad
mama	mami
mambo	mambo
mamma	NO TRANSLATION
mammal	savec
mammoth	mamut
mammy	mamky
man	muž
manage	spravovat
manageable	zvládnutelné
management	řízení
manager	manažer
managerial	manažerské
mandamus	mandamus
mandarin	mandarinka
mandate	mandát
mandatory	povinné
mandible	mandibula
mandolin	mandolína
mandrel	jádro
mane	NO TRANSLATION
maneuver	manévr
maneuvering	manévrování
mange	NO TRANSLATION
manger	žlab
mangle	mandl
mango	mango
mangosteen	mangosteen
mangy	prašivý
manhole	průlez
manhood	mužství
manhunt	pátrání
mania	mánie
maniac	maniak
maniacal	maniakální
manic	manické
manicure	manikúra
manicurist	manikérka
manifest	manifest
manifestation	manifestace
manifested	se projevil
manifestly	zjevně
manifesto	manifest
manifold	rozdělovač
manipulate	manipulovat
manipulation	manipulace
manipulative	manipulativní
mankind	lidstvo
manly	mužný
manna	manna
manned	posádka
mannequin	manekýn
manner	způsob
mannered	zacházeno
manners	mravy
manor	panství
manpower	pracovní síly
mansion	panství
mansions	panství
manslaughter	zabití
mantel	výklenek krbu
mantis	mantis
mantle	plášť
mantra	mantra
manual	manuál
manufacture	výroby
manufacturer	výrobce
manufacturing	výrobní
manure	hnůj
manuscript	rukopis
map	mapa
maple	javor
mar	mar
marathon	maratón
marble	mramor
marbled	mramorovaný
marbles	kuličky
march	březen
mare	NO TRANSLATION
margarine	margarín
margarita	margarita
margin	okraj
marginal	okrajový
mariachi	mariachi
marijuana	marihuana
marinara	marinara
marine	mořské
mariner	námořník
marital	manželský
maritime	námořní
mark	označit
marked	výrazný
marker	marker
market	trh
marketable	obchodovatelné
marketing	marketing
marketplace	trhu
marks	známky
marksman	střelec
marksmanship	střelba
marl	slín
marmalade	marmeláda
maroon	maroon
marooned	marooned
marquee	stan
marquis	markýz
marred	poškozen
marriage	manželství
married	ženatý
marrow	dřeň
marry	oženit se
marsh	bažina
marshal	maršál
marshmallow	ibišek
mart	mart
martial	bojový
martingale	martingale
martini	Martini
martyr	mučedník
martyrdom	mučednictví
marvel	zázrak
marvellous	nádherné
marvelous	nádherné
marvelously	úžasně
marzipan	NO TRANSLATION
mascara	maskara
mascot	maskot
masculine	mužský
masculinity	maskulinita
mash	kaše
mashed	maso
mask	maska
masked	maskovaný
masks	masky
masochism	masochismus
masochist	masochista
mason	zedník
masquerade	Maškaráda
mass	Hmotnost
massacre	masakr
massage	masáž
masses	masy
masseur	masér
masseuse	masérka
massive	masivní
mast	stožár
master	mistr
masterful	mistrovský
mastermind	vůdce
masterpiece	mistrovský kousek
mastery	mistrovství
masturbate	masturbovat
masturbation	masturbace
mat	rohož
matador	matador
match	zápas
matchbook	matchbook
matching	vhodný
matchmaker	dohazovač
mate	mate
material	materiál
materialism	materialismus
materialist	materialista
materialistic	materialistický
materiality	materiality
materialize	zhmotnit
materially	materiálně
materials	materiálů
materiel	materiel
maternal	mateřský
maternity	mateřství
math	matematika
mathematical	matematický
mathematician	matematik
mathematics	matematika
matinee	matiné
mating	páření
matriculation	imatrikulace
matrimony	manželství
matrix	matice
matron	matróna
matted	matované
matter	hmota
matting	rohože
mattress	matrace
maturation	zrání
mature	zralý
maturity	splatnost
maudlin	sentimentální
mausoleum	mauzoleum
mauve	nafialovělý
maverick	maverick
maxim	maximum
maximize	maximalizovat
maximum	maximum
may	smět
mayday	máj
mayflower	mayflower
mayhem	chaos
mayonnaise	majonéza
mayor	starosta
maze	bludiště
mead	mead
meadow	louka
meager	slabé
meal	jídlo
mean	znamenat
meander	meandr
meandering	meandrování
meanie	meanie
meaning	význam
meaningful	smysluplné
meaningless	bezvýznamný
meanness	podlost
means	prostředek
meantime	mezitím
measles	spalničky
measurable	měřitelný
measure	opatření
measured	měřeno
measurement	měření
measuring	měření
measuring cup	odměrka
measuring tape	měřicí páska
meat	maso
meatball	masová koule
meathead	maso
meatloaf	maso
mechanic	mechanik
mechanical	mechanické
mechanics	mechanika
mechanism	mechanismus
med	NO TRANSLATION
medal	medaile
medallion	medailon
medallist	medailista
meddle	hýbat se
meddling	zamíchání
media	média
medial	mediální
median	medián
mediate	zprostředkující
mediation	zprostředkování
mediator	prostředník
medic	lékař
medical	lékařský
medicate	NO TRANSLATION
medication	léky
medicinal	léčivý
medicine	medicína
medieval	středověký
mediocre	průměrný
mediocrity	prostřednost
meditate	přemýšlet
meditating	meditace
meditation	rozjímání
meditative	meditativní
mediterranean	Středomoří
medium	střední
medley	směs
meek	pokorný
meet	setkat
meeting	Setkání
mega	mega
meh	meh
melancholic	melancholický
melancholy	melancholie
melee	melee
mellow	měkký
melodious	melodický
melodrama	melodrama
melodramatic	melodramatický
melody	melodie
melon	meloun
melt	tát
meltdown	tavení
melting	tání
member	člen
membership	členství
membrane	membrána
memento	memento
memo	memo
memoir	memoir
memorabilia	memorabilia
memorable	nezapomenutelné
memorandum	memorandum
memorial	pamětní
memorials	památníky
memories	vzpomínky
memoriesiwontforget	NO TRANSLATION
memorize	memorovat
memory	Paměť
menace	hrozba
menacing	hrozivý
menagerie	zvěřinec
mend	opravit
mending	opravování
menial	sluha
meningitis	meningitida
meniscus	menisku
menopause	menopauza
menses	menstruace
menstrual	menstruační
mental	duševní
mentalhealth	NO TRANSLATION
mentality	mentalita
menthol	mentol
mention	zmínit se
mentor	učitel
menu	Jídelní lístek
meow	mňoukat
mercantile	obchodní
mercenary	žoldák
merchandise	zboží
merchant	obchodník
merciful	milosrdný
merciless	nemilosrdný
mercurial	mercuriální
mercury	rtuť
mercy	soucit
mere	pouhý
merengue	merengue
merge	spojit
merger	fúze
meridian	poledník
meridional	jižní
meringue	sněhová pusinka
merit	zásluhy
meritorious	zasloužilý
mermaid	mořská panna
merriment	veselí
merry	veselý
merrychristmas	NO TRANSLATION
mesa	mesa
mescaline	meskalin
mesh	pletivo
meshes	oky
mesmerized	fascinující
mess	nepořádek
message	zpráva
messedup	NO TRANSLATION
messenger	posel
messiah	Mesiáš
messy	chaotický
metabolic	metabolické
metabolism	metabolismus
metal	kov
metallic	kovový
metallurgy	hutnictví
metamorphosis	metamorfóza
metaphor	metafora
metaphorical	metaforický
metaphysical	metafyzický
metaphysics	metafyzika
metastasis	metastáza
meteor	meteor
meteoric	meteorický
meteorite	meteorit
meteorological	meteorologické
meteorology	meteorologie
meter	Metr
meth	meth
methadone	methadon
methane	metan
methanol	methanolu
method	metoda
methodical	metodický
methodology	metodologie
meticulous	pečlivě
metime	metime
metric	metrický
metrical	metrický
metrology	metrologie
metropolis	metropole
metropolitan	metropolitní
mettle	bojovnost
mew	pelichání
mezzanine	mezipatro
mica	slída
mick	mick
micro	mikro
microbe	mikrob
microbiology	mikrobiologie
microchip	mikročip
microcosm	mikrokosmos
microfilm	mikrofilm
microgram	mikrogram
micrometer	mikrometr
micron	mikron
microphone	mikrofon
microscope	mikroskop
microscopic	mikroskopický
microscopically	mikroskopicky
microscopy	mikroskopie
microwave	mikrovlnná trouba
mid	střední
midair	midair
midday	polední
middle	střední
middleman	prostředník
middleweight	střední váha
midget	trpasličí
midland	midland
midlife	midlife
midline	střední čára
midnight	půlnoc
midshipman	midshipman
midst	uprostřed
midsummer	letní slunovrat
midterm	středně
midtown	midtown
midway	uprostřed
midwife	porodní asistentka
midwifery	porodnictví
mien	NO TRANSLATION
miffed	miffed
mighty	mocný
mignon	mignon
migraine	migréna
migrate	migrovat
migration	migrace
migratory	migrační
mike	Mike
mil	NO TRANSLATION
mild	mírné
mildew	plíseň
mildness	jemnost
mile	míle
mileage	kilometr
milestone	milník
militant	militantní
militants	militanty
military	válečný
militia	milice
milk	mléko
milkman	mlékař
milkshake	milkshake
milky	mléčný
mill	mlýn
millennium	tisíciletí
milligram	miligram
millimeter	milimetr
million	milión
millionaire	milionář
millionth	milión
millstone	mlýnský kámen
mime	mim
mimic	napodobit
mimicking	napodobování
mimicry	mimikry
mince	mince
mincemeat	mincemeat
mind	mysl
minded	smýšlející
mindful	dbalý
mindfulness	pozornost
mindless	bezduchý
mine	těžit
minefield	minové pole
miner	horník
mineral	minerální
mineralogy	mineralogie
mingle	míchat
mingled	smíšené
mini	mini
miniature	miniaturní
minibus	minibus
minim	NO TRANSLATION
minimal	minimální
minimize	minimalizujte
minimized	minimalizováno
minimum	minimální
mining	hornictví
minion	oblíbenec
minister	ministr
ministerial	ministerské
ministry	ministerstvo
minivan	minivan
mink	norek
minnow	střevle
minor	menší
minority	menšina
minstrel	potulný zpěvák
mint	máta
minty	minty
minuscule	minuscule
minute	minuta
minutiae	markanty
minx	minx
mir	NO TRANSLATION
miracle	zázrak
miracles	zázraky
miraculous	zázračný
mirage	mirage
mire	NO TRANSLATION
mirror	zrcadlo
mirth	veselí
misappropriation	zpronevěra
misbehave	špatně
misbehavior	špatné chování
miscalculation	nesprávný výpočet
miscarriage	potrat
miscellaneous	smíšený
miscellany	rozmanitost
mischief	špatné
mischievous	zlomyslný
misconception	mylná koncepce
misconduct	pochybení
misdemeanor	přečin
misdirection	špatné směrování
miser	lakomec
miserable	bídný
miserably	bídně
misery	bída
misfire	selhat
misfit	špatně
misfortune	neštěstí
misguided	nesprávně
mishap	nehoda
misinformed	chybně informován
misinterpretation	nesprávné interpretace
mislead	uvést v omyl
misleading	zavádějící
misled	zavádějící
mismanagement	špatné řízení
mismatch	nesoulad
mismatched	nesouhlasí
misnomer	chybný název
misplace	založit někam
misplaced	nesprávně umístěný
misread	nesprávně
misrepresent	nesprávně
misrepresentation	nesprávné zobrazení
misrepresented	nesprávně uvedeno
miss	slečna, minout
missile	střela
missiles	rakety
missing	chybějící
missingyou	NO TRANSLATION
mission	mise
missionary	misionář
misspell	nesprávně napsat
misstatement	nesprávnost
missy	Missy
mist	mlha
mistake	chyba
mistaken	splést se
mister	pane
mistletoe	jmelí
mistreated	špatně zacházeno
mistress	paní
mistrial	mistrial
mistrust	nedůvěra
misty	misty
misunderstand	špatně pochopit
misunderstanding	nedorozumění
misunderstood	nepochopený
misuse	zneužít
mite	roztoč
miter	miter
mitigate	zmírnit
mitigating	zmírňování
mitigation	zmírnění
mitt	mitt
mitten	NO TRANSLATION
mitzvah	mitzvah
mix	směs
mixed	smíšený
mixedemotions	smíšené pocity
mixer	mixér
mixture	směs
mnemonic	mnemotechnické
moan	sténání
moat	hradní příkop
mob	dav
mobile	mobilní, pohybliví
mobility	mobility
mobilization	mobilizace
mobilize	mobilizovat
mobster	mobster
mocha	moka
mock	falešný
mocked	posměšně
mockery	výsměch
mocking	uštěpačný
mockingbird	Drozd
mod	mod
modal	modální
modality	modality
mode	režimu
model	Modelka
modeler	modelář
modeling	modelování
modem	modem
moderate	mírný
moderate anticipation	mírné očekávání
moderate disgust	mírné znechucení
moderate negative	mírně negativní
moderate positive	mírně pozitivní
moderate surprise	mírné překvapení
moderate trust	střední důvěra
moderately	mírně
moderating	moderování
moderation	umírněnost
moderator	moderátor
modern	moderní
modernism	modernismus
modest	skromný
modesty	skromnost
modicum	modicum
modifiable	modifikovatelné
modification	modifikace
modified	upravené
modify	modifikovat
modulate	modulovat
modulation	modulace
module	modul
modulus	modulu
mogul	mogul
moiety	část
moist	vlhký
moisture	vlhkosti
moisturizer	hydratační krém
molar	molární
molasses	melasa
mold	plíseň
molded	tvarované
molding	lití
moldy	plesnivý
mole	krtek
molecular	molekulární
molecule	molekula
molest	obtěžovat
molestation	obtěžování
molester	molester
molten	roztavený
mom	maminka
moment	moment
momentary	okamžitě
momentous	závažný
momentum	hybnost
momma	máma
mommy	máma
monad	monad
monarch	monarcha
monarchy	monarchie
monastery	klášter
monastic	klášterní
monetary	měnový
money	peníze
mongoloid	mongoloid
mongoose	mongoose
mongrel	kříženec
monitor	monitor
monk	mnich
monkey	opice
mono	NO TRANSLATION
monochrome	černobílý
monogamous	monogamní
monogamy	monogamie
monogram	monogram
monogrammed	monogrammed
monograph	monografie
monolayer	monovrstva
monolith	monolit
monologue	monolog
monopolist	monopolní
monopoly	monopol
monotonous	monotónní
monotony	monotonie
monoxide	monoxidu
monsieur	monsieur
monsoon	monzun
monster	netvor
monstrosity	obludnost
monstrous	monstrózní
montage	montáž
monte	monte
month	Měsíc
monthly	měsíční
monument	památník
monumental	monumentální
moo	bučení
mooch	mooch
mood	nálada
moods	nálad
moody	náladový
moon	měsíc
moonbeam	měsíční paprsek
moonlight	měsíční svit
moonlit	měsíční osvětlení
moonshine	nesmysly
moonstruck	měsíčník
moonwalk	měsíční chůze
moor	vřesoviště
moored	ukotveny
mooring	ukotvení
moorings	kotviště
moorland	moorland
moose	Los
moot	moot
mooted	mooted
mop	MOP
mope	být sklíčený
moped	moped
moral	morální
morale	morálka
morality	morálka
morals	morálky
morass	bahno
moratorium	moratorium
moray	moray
morbid	morbidní
morbidity	morbidita
morbidness	morbidita
mores	mores
morgue	márnice
moribund	moribundní
morn	jitro
morning	ráno
moron	kretén
moronic	moronic
morose	morose
morph	morph
morphine	morfium
morphism	morfismus
morphology	morfologie
morrow	zítřek
morsel	sousto
mortal	smrtelný
mortality	úmrtnost
mortar	minomet
mortgage	hypotéka
mortgagee	hypoteční
mortgagor	hypotéka
mortician	majitel pohřebního ústavu
mortification	umrtvování
mortified	ponížený
mortuary	márnice
mosaic	mozaika
mosey	mosey
mosque	mešita
mosquito	komár
moss	mech
mossy	mechový
mote	NO TRANSLATION
motel	motel
moth	mol
mother	matka
motherfucker	kecy
motherfucking	mumlání
motherhood	mateřství
motherland	vlast
motherless	bez matky
motherly	mateřský
motif	motiv
motion	pohyb
motionless	bez hnutí
motivate	motivovat
motivating	motivující
motivation	motivace
motivational	motivační
motive	motiv
motley	strakatý
motor	motor
motorbike	motorka
motorboat	motorový člun
motorcade	motorcade
motorcar	motorové vozidlo
motorcycle	motocykl
motorist	motorista
motte	motto
mottled	strakatý
motto	motto
mould	plíseň
mound	kopeček
mount	mount
mountain	hora
mountaineer	horolezec
mountainous	hornatý
mountains	hory
mountaintop	vrchol hory
mourn	truchlit
mournful	truchlivý
mourning	smutek
mouse	myš
mousetrap	past na myši
mousse	pěna
moustache	knír
mousy	mousy
mouth	pusa
mouthful	sousto
mouthpiece	náustek
mouthwash	ústní voda
movable	pohyblivý
move	hýbat se
movement	hnutí
mover	pohybem
movie	film
movies	filmy
moving	pohybující se
movingforward	NO TRANSLATION
movingon	posouvat se
mow	sekat
mower	sekačka
moxie	moxie
mozzarella	mozzarella
mri	mri
muchneeded	NO TRANSLATION
mucis	NO TRANSLATION
muck	muck
mucked	mucked
mucous	sliznice
mucus	sliz
mud	bláto
muddle	zmatek
muddled	muddled
muddy	zablácený
muff	rukávník
muffin	muffin
muffled	tlumené
muffler	tlumič
mug	džbánek
mugger	násilník
mulberry	moruše
mulch	mulčování
mule	mezek
mull	mull
mullet	parmice
multilateral	mnohostranný
multimedia	multimédia
multinational	nadnárodní
multiple	násobek
multiple sclerosis	roztroušená skleróza
multiplex	multiplex
multiplication	násobení
multiplicity	multiplicity
multiplied	násobeno
multiplier	násobitel
multiply	násobit
multitude	zástup
mum	maminka
mumble	mumlat
mumbo	mumbo
mummy	mumie
mumps	příušnice
munch	žvýkat
munchies	munchies
munchkin	munchkin
mundane	světský
municipal	obecní
municipality	obec
mural	nástěnná malba
murder	vražda
murderer	vrah
murderess	vražedkyně
murderous	vražedný
murky	temný
murmur	mumlání
muscle	sval
muscular	svalnatý
muse	múza
muses	muze
museum	muzeum
mush	NO TRANSLATION
mushroom	houba
mushy	sentimentální
music	hudba
musical	hudební
musician	hudebník
musing	myslím
musk	pižmo
musket	mušketa
musketeer	mušketýr
muskrat	ondatra
muslin	mušelín
muss	NO TRANSLATION
must	musí
mustang	mustang
mustard	hořčice
muster	shromáždění
musty	houští
mutable	proměnlivý
mutant	mutant
mutate	mutovat
mutation	mutace
mute	Ztlumit
muted	vypnuto
mutilate	zmrzačit
mutilated	mrzačení
mutilation	zmrzačení
mutiny	vzpoura
mutt	mutt
mutter	NO TRANSLATION
mutton	skopové maso
mutual	vzájemné
mutually	vzájemně
muzzle	čenich
myfavorite	můj oblíbený
myopia	krátkozrakost
myopic	krátkozraký
myriad	nesčetné
mysterious	tajemný
mystery	tajemství
mystic	mystik
mystical	mystický
mysticism	mysticismus
mystified	mystifikovaný
mystique	mystique
myth	mýtus
mythic	mýtický
mythical	mytický
mythological	mytologický
mythology	mytologie
nab	nab
nacho	nacho
nada	NO TRANSLATION
nadir	nadir
nag	NO TRANSLATION
nail	nehet
nail gun	zbraň na nehty
naive	naivní
naked	nahý
nakedness	nahota
namaste	NO TRANSLATION
name	název
named	pojmenovaný
nameless	bezejmenný
namesake	jmenovec
naming	pojmenování
nana	nana
nanny	chůva
nanometer	nanometr
nap	zdřímnutí
napalm	napalm
nape	šíje
napkin	ubrousek
napping	napínání
nappy	plína
narcissism	narcismus
narcissist	narcist
narcissistic	narcistický
narcotic	narkotický
narrate	vyprávěj
narration	vyprávění
narrative	příběh
narrator	vypravěč
narrow	úzký
narrowing	zúžení
nasal	nosní
nascent	rodící se
nasty	špatný
natal	natální
nation	národ
national	národní
nationality	národnost
nationwide	celostátní
native	rodák
nativity	narození
natural	přírodní
natural gas	zemní plyn
naturalist	přírodovědec
naturalization	naturalizace
naturalized	naturalizované
naturally	přirozeně
nature	Příroda
naught	nic
naughty	nezbedný
nausea	nevolnost
nauseate	zvedat žaludek
nauseating	nevolnost
nauseous	nevolno
nautical	námořní
nautilus	nautilus
naval	námořní
nave	loď
navel	pupek
navigable	splavný
navigate	navigovat
navigation	navigace
navigational	navigační
navigator	navigátor
navy	námořnictva
nay	NO TRANSLATION
nearsighted	krátkozraký
neat	elegantní
neatly	úhledně
nebula	mlhovina
nebulae	mlhovin
nebulous	mlhavý
necessarily	nezbytně
necessary	nezbytné
necessitate	vyžadovat
necessities	potřeby
necessity	nutnost
neck	krk
necklace	náhrdelník
necktie	vázanka
necromancer	necromancer
necrosis	nekróza
nectar	nektar
need	potřeba
needalife	NO TRANSLATION
needed	potřeboval
needful	potřebné
needit	NO TRANSLATION
needle	jehla
needlepoint	bod jehly
needles	jehly
needless	zbytečné
needtoknow	musím vědět
needtorelax	NO TRANSLATION
needy	nuzný
nefarious	zločinný
negation	negace
negative	negativní
negativity	negativity
neglect	zanedbání
neglected	zanedbané
neglecting	zanedbávání
negligee	negligee
negligence	nedbalost
negligent	nedbalý
negligently	NO TRANSLATION
negligible	zanedbatelný
negotiable	obchodovatelné
negotiate	vyjednávat
negotiation	jednání
negotiator	vyjednávač
negro	černoch
neigh	ržání
neighbor	soused
neighborhood	sousedství
neighboring	sousední
nemesis	Nemesis
neon	neon
neonatal	neonatální
neophyte	neofyt
neoprene	neopren
nephew	synovec
nepotism	nepotismu
nerd	nerd
nerdy	nerdy
nerve	nerv
nerves	nervy
nervous	nervový
nervousness	nervozita
nervouswreck	NO TRANSLATION
nervy	NO TRANSLATION
ness	ness
nest	hnízdo
nestle	nestle
nestling	pískle
net	síť
nether	dolní
netting	síť
nettle	kopřiva
network	síť
networking	vytváření sítí
neural	neurální
neuralgia	neuralgie
neurological	neurologický
neurologist	neurolog
neurology	neurologie
neurosis	neuróza
neurosurgeon	neurochirurg
neurosurgery	neurochirurgie
neurotic	neurotický
neuter	neutrum
neutral	neutrální
neutrality	neutralita
neutralize	neutralizovat
neutron	neutron
new	Nový
new age	nová doba
newbeginnings	NO TRANSLATION
newborn	novorozený
newcomer	nováček
newday	nový den
newfound	nově nalezeno
newjob	NO TRANSLATION
newlife	nový život
newly	nově
newlywed	novomanželé
newme	nové Já
newness	novost
news	zprávy
newscast	zpravodajství
newscaster	hlasatel
newsflash	newsflash
newsletter	zpravodaj
newsman	zpravodaj
newspaper	noviny
newspaperman	novinář
newsreel	aktuality
newsroom	redakční prostor
newsstand	novinový stánok
newstart	nový začátek
newt	čolek
newyear	nový rok
nexus	nexus
nib	špička
nibble	okusovat
nice	pěkný
niche	výklenek
nichts	NO TRANSLATION
nick	nick
nickel	nikl
nickname	přezdívka
nicotine	nikotin
niece	neteř
nifty	šikovný
nigger	negr
nigh	blízko
night	noc
nightcap	noční kapuce
nightclub	noční klub
nightfall	setmění
nightgown	noční košile
nightie	nightie
nightingale	slavík
nightlife	noční život
nightly	noční
nightmare	noční můra
nightmares	noční můry
nightstand	noční stolek
nightstick	pendrek
nighttime	v noci
nihilism	nihilismus
nil	nula
nimble	hbitý
nimrod	nimrod
nincompoop	nincompoop
nine	devět
nineteen	devatenáct
ninety	devadesát
ninja	ninja
ninny	pitomec
nintendo	nintendo
ninth	devátý
nip	nip
nipper	klučina
nipple	bradavka
nippy	mrazivý
nitrate	dusičnan
nitro	nitro
nitrogen	dusík
nitrous	nitrous
nitwit	nitwit
nix	nix
no anticipation	žádné předvídání
no disgust	žádné znechucení
no emotion	bez emocí
no sentiment	bez sentimentu
no surprise	žádné překvapení
no trust	žádná důvěra
nobility	šlechta
noble	ušlechtilý
nobleman	šlechtic
nobodycares	NO TRANSLATION
nocomplaints	NO TRANSLATION
nocturnal	noční
nod	kývnutí
nodding	přikývl
node	uzel
nodular	nodulární
nodule	uzlík
noggin	člun ze dřeva
nohope	NO TRANSLATION
noir	noir
noise	hluk
noisy	hlučný
nomad	nomád
nomadic	kočovný
nomenclature	nomenklatura
nominal	nominální
nominate	nominovat
nomination	jmenování
nominee	kandidát
nonce	nonce
nonchalant	nonšalantní
noncompliance	nedodržení
nondescript	nepopsatelný
nonexistent	neexistující
nonfat	bez tuku
nonfiction	faktu
nonpayment	neplacení
nonresident	nerezident
nonsense	nesmysl
nonsensical	nesmyslný
nonviolent	nenásilný
noob	začátečník
noodle	nudle
nook	kout
noon	poledne
noose	smyčka
nopoint	nopoint
noregrets	NO TRANSLATION
norm	norma
normal	normální
normalcy	normální
normality	normálnost
north	severní
northbound	na sever
northeast	severovýchod
northern	severní
northwest	Severozápad
northwestern	severozápadní
noschool	NO TRANSLATION
nose	nos
nosebleed	krvácení z nosu
nosey	zvědavý
nosnow	žádný sníh
nostalgia	nostalgie
nostalgic	nostalgický
nostress	NO TRANSLATION
nostril	nozdra
nosun	NO TRANSLATION
nosy	zvědavý
not negative	ne negativní
not positive	ne pozitivní
notable	pozoruhodný
notables	významných osobností
notably	zejména
notamorningperson	NO TRANSLATION
notary	notář
notation	notace
notch	zářez
notched	vroubkované
note	Poznámka
notebook	notebooku
noted	poznamenal
noteworthy	pozoruhodný
nothappy	NO TRANSLATION
nothingbetter	NO TRANSLATION
nothingness	nicota
notice	oznámení
noticeable	výrazný
notification	oznámení
notify	oznámit
notion	pojem
notional	fiktivní
notoriety	proslulost
notorious	proslulý
notready	není připraven
notwithstanding	bez ohledu na to
nought	nic
noun	podstatné jméno
nourish	živit
nourishment	výživa
nouveau	NO TRANSLATION
novel	román
novelist	romanopisec
novelty	novinka
novice	nováček
nowadays	dnes
nowork	žádná práce
noworries	bez obav
noxious	škodlivý
nozzle	tryska
nuance	odstín
nuances	nuance
nuclear	jaderné
nucleus	jádro
nude	akt
nudge	šťouchnutí
nudie	nudie
nudist	nudisty
nudity	nahota
nugget	valoun
nuisance	obtíž
nuke	nuke
nul	NO TRANSLATION
null	nula
nullify	anulovat
numb	necitlivé
number	číslo
numbering	číslování
numbers	čísla
numbness	necitlivost
numbskull	numbskull
numeral	číslice
numerator	čitatel
numerical	numerické
numerically	numericky
numerous	četné
nun	NO TRANSLATION
nunchucks	nunchucks
nunnery	ženský klášter
nuptials	svatební obřad
nurse	zdravotní sestřička
nursemaid	chůva
nursery	školka
nursing	ošetřovatelství
nurture	živit
nut	matice
nutcase	cvok
nutcracker	louskáček
nuthouse	nuthouse
nutmeg	muškátový oříšek
nutrition	výživa
nutritional	nutriční
nutritious	výživný
nutritive	výživný
nuts	matice
nutshell	nutshell
nutty	ořechový
nylon	nylon
nylong	NO TRANSLATION
nylons	nylonů
nymph	nymfa
nymphomaniac	nymphomaniac
oaf	oaf
oak	dub
oar	veslo
oasis	oáza
oat	oves
oath	přísaha
oatmeal	ovesné vločky
obedience	poslušnost
obedient	poslušný
obediently	poslušně
obelisk	obelisk
obese	obézní
obesity	obezita
obey	poslouchat
obi	obi
obit	obit
obituary	nekrolog
object	objekt
objection	námitka
objectionable	nežádoucí
objective	objektivní
objectivity	objektivnost
obligation	povinnost
obligatory	povinný
oblige	zavázat
obliged	povinnost
obliging	povinnost
obligor	dlužníka
oblique	šikmý
obliterate	vymazat
obliterated	vymazána
obliteration	vyhlazení
oblivion	zapomenutí
oblivious	nevědomý
oblong	obdélník
obnoxious	Protivný
oboe	hoboj
obscene	obscénní
obscenity	oplzlost
obscure	obskurní
obscured	skryté
obscurity	nejasnost
observance	dodržování
observant	pozorný
observation	pozorování
observatory	observatoř
observe	pozorovat
observer	pozorovatel
observing	pozorování
obsess	posedlost
obsessed	posedlý
obsessing	posedlost
obsession	posedlost
obsessive	obsedantní
obsolescence	zastarávání
obsolete	zastaralý
obstacle	překážka
obstetrician	porodník
obstetrics	porodnictví
obstinate	zatvrzelý
obstruct	bránit
obstruction	obstrukce
obstructive	obstrukční
obtain	získat
obtainable	k dispozici
obtuse	tupý
obverse	lícní
obvious	zřejmé
ocarina	ocarina
occasion	příležitost
occasional	příležitostně
occasionally	občas
occipital	okcipitální
occlusion	okluze
occult	okultní
occupancy	obsazení
occupant	cestující
occupation	obsazení
occupational	pracovní
occupied	obsazený
occupier	obyvatele
occupy	okupovat
occupying	obsazení
occur	nastat
occurrence	výskyt
ocd	ocd
ocean	oceán
oceanic	oceánský
octagon	osmiúhelník
octave	oktáva
octopus	chobotnice
ocular	oční
odd	zvláštní
oddball	oddball
oddity	zvláštnost
odds	kurzy
ode	óda
odious	odporný
odometer	počítadlo kilometrů
odor	zápach
odyssey	odysea
oedipal	oedipal
oestrogen	estrogen
oeuvre	NO TRANSLATION
offal	droby
offence	útok
offend	urazit
offended	urazil
offender	pachatel
offense	útok
offensive	urážlivý
offer	nabídka
offered	nabízeny
offering	nabídka
offhand	offhand
office	kancelář
officer	důstojník
offices	kanceláře
official	oficiální
officiate	oficiální
offing	offing
offload	vyprázdnění
offset	offset
offshoot	odnož
offshore	offshore
offside	offside
offspring	potomek
oft	často
oftentimes	často
ogre	ogre
ohdear	NO TRANSLATION
ohgod	NO TRANSLATION
ohno	Ach ne
ohshit	NO TRANSLATION
oil	olej
oils	oleje
oily	mastná
oink	oink
ointment	mast
okra	okra
old	starý
olden	olden
older	starší
oldie	oldie
oldies	oldies
olfactory	čichový
oligarchy	oligarchie
olive	olivový
omega	omega
omelet	omeleta
omen	omen
omgomgomg	NO TRANSLATION
ominous	zlověstný
omission	vynechání
omit	vynechat
omitted	vynecháno
omnibus	omnibus
omnipotence	všemohoucnost
omnipotent	všemohoucí
omnipresent	všudypřítomný
omniscient	vševědoucí
onboard	na palubě
oncologist	onkolog
oncology	onkologie
oncoming	blížící se
one	jeden
oneday	jednoho dne
onedge	na hraně
onelove	jedna láska
oneness	jednota
onerous	obtížný
oneself	se
ongoing	pokračující
onion	cibule
onset	počátek
onslaught	útok
onstage	na pódiu
ontology	ontologie
onus	břemeno
onward	Kupředu
onyx	onyx
oodles	kvanta
oomph	oomph
ooze	sliz
oozing	vyčerpání
op	op
opacity	neprůhlednost
opal	opál
opaque	neprůhledný
ope	ope
open	otevřeno
opener	otvírák
opening	otevírací
openly	otevřeně
openness	otevřenost
opera	opera
operate	fungovat
operatic	operační
operation	úkon
operational	provozní
operations	operací
operative	operativní
operator	operátor
ophthalmic	oční
ophthalmologist	oční lékař
opiate	opiát
opinion	názor
opinionated	umíněný
opium	opium
opponent	oponent
opportune	příhodný
opportunism	oportunismus
opportunity	příležitost
oppose	oponovat
opposed	protichůdný
opposing	oponovat
opposite	naproti
opposites	protiklady
opposition	opozici
oppress	utlačovat
oppressed	utlačovaný
oppression	útlak
oppressive	represivní
oppressor	utlačovatel
ops	ops
opt	opt
optic	optický
optical	optický
optics	optika
optimism	optimismus
optimist	optimista
optimistic	optimistický
optimum	optimální
option	volba
optional	volitelný
optionally	volitelně
options	možnosti
optometrist	optometrist
opulence	bohatství
opulent	opulentní
opus	opus
oracle	věštec
oral	ústní
orange	oranžový
orange juice	pomerančový džus
orangutan	orangutan
oration	nování
orator	řečník
oratory	nebo
orb	koule
orbit	obíhat
orbital	orbitální
orbiting	obíhá
orbs	koule
orc	orc
orchard	ovocný sad
orchestra	orchestr
orchid	orchidej
ordained	vysvěcení
ordeal	utrpení
order	objednat
orderly	řádně
ordinance	nařízení
ordinary	obyčejný
ordination	vysvěcení
ordnance	zbraně
ore	Ruda
oregano	oregano
organ	orgán
organic	organické
organism	organismus
organist	varhaník
organization	organizace
organize	organizovat
organized	organizovaný
organizer	organizátor
orgasm	orgasmus
orgies	orgie
orgy	orgie
orient	orient
oriental	orientální
orientation	orientace
orifice	otvor
origami	origami
origin	původ
original	originál
originality	originalita
originate	pocházejí
origination	původ
originator	původce
ornament	ornament
ornamental	ornamentální
ornamentation	zdobení
ornamented	zdobené
ornate	vyšperkovaný
ornery	ornery
orphan	sirotek
orphanage	sirotčinec
orphaned	osiřelých
orthodontist	ortodontist
orthodox	ortodoxní
orthodoxy	pravoslaví
orthogonal	ortogonální
orthopedic	ortopedické
oscillate	oscilovat
oscillating	oscilační
oscillation	kmitání
oscillatory	oscilační
ostensible	zdánlivý
ostensibly	zdánlivě
ostentatious	ostentativní
ostracized	ostrakované
ostrich	pštros
other	jiný
otter	vydra
otto	otto
ottoman	osmanské
ought	by měl
ounce	unce
oust	vyhnat
outage	výpadek
outback	outback
outbid	překonat
outboard	vnější
outbreak	vypuknutí
outburst	výbuch
outcast	vyvrženec
outcome	výsledek
outcry	křik
outdated	zastaralý
outdo	překonat
outdoor	venkovní
outdoors	venku
outer	vnější
outfit	výstroj
outgoing	odchozí
outgrow	vyrůst
outgrowth	růst
outhouse	kůlna
outing	výlet
outlandish	bizarní
outlast	přečkat
outlaw	psanec
outlet	výstupu
outline	obrys
outlines	obrysy
outlive	přežít
outlook	výhled
outlying	odlehlé
outnumber	přečíst
outpatient	ambulantní
outpost	základna
outpouring	vylévání
output	výstup
outrage	rozhořčení
outraged	pobouřený
outrageous	pobuřující
outrank	překvapení
outreach	dosah
outright	přímo
outrun	předběhnout
outset	počátek
outsider	outsider
outskirts	předměstí
outsmart	přelstít
outspoken	otevřený
outstanding	vynikající
outstretched	natažené
outward	vnější
outwards	směrem ven
outweigh	převážit
outwit	přelstít
oval	ovál
ovary	vaječník
ovate	vejčitá
ovation	ovace
oven	trouba
overactive	nadměrně aktivní
overall	celkově
overalls	montérky
overbearing	arogantní
overburden	přetížit
overcast	zatažený
overcharged	přeplněný
overcoat	kabát
overcome	překonat
overcoming	překonání
overcrowded	přeplněný
overdo	přehánět
overdose	předávkovat
overdrive	overdrive
overdue	zpožděný
overestimate	nadhodnotit
overestimated	nadhodnoceno
overflow	přetékat
overflowing	přetečení
overgrown	zarostlý
overgrowth	přerůstání
overhanging	přesahující
overhaul	generální opravy
overhead	režijní náklady
overhear	zaslechnout
overheated	přehřátý
overjoyed	přešťastný
overkill	přezbrojení
overlaid	překryv
overlap	překrytí
overlapping	překrývání
overlay	překrývání
overload	přetížení
overlook	přehlédnout
overlord	nadpřirozený
overlying	překrývání
overpaid	přeplatku
overpass	nadjezd
overplayed	přehrát
overpower	přemoci
overpowering	nadpřirozené
overpriced	nadhodnocené
overprotective	nadprotekt
overrated	nadhodnocené
overreact	přehnaně
override	přepsání
overriding	nadřazené
overrule	zvrátit
overrun	obsadit
oversee	dohlížet
overseer	dozorce
overshadow	zastínit
oversight	přehlédnutí
oversized	nadrozměrné
overslept	overslept
overstate	nadhodnotit
overstock	přecpat
overt	otevřené
overtake	předjet
overtaken	předběhl
overthemoon	NO TRANSLATION
overthinker	nadhazovač
overthinking	přemýšlení
overthrow	svržení
overtime	přesčas
overtired	nadměrný
overture	předehra
overturn	převrácení
overview	přehled
overweight	nadváha
overwhelm	přemoci
overwhelmed	zahlceni
overwhelming	ohromující
overworked	přepracovaný
overwrought	nervózní
overzealous	příliš horlivý
owe	dlužím
owing	díky
owl	sova
owner	majitel
ownership	vlastnictví
ox	vůl
oxidation	oxidace
oxide	kysličník
oxygen	kyslík
oxymoron	oxymoron
oyster	ústřice
ozone	ozón
pace	tempo
pacemaker	kardiostimulátor
pacific	Pacifik
pacified	uklidnění
pacifier	dudlík
pacifist	pacifista
pacify	uklidnit
pacing	Pacing
pack	balíček
package	balík
packaging	obal
packer	balení
packet	paketu
pact	pakt
pad	podložka
padded	polstrovaný
padding	polstrování
paddle	pádlo
paddle boat	paddle boat
paddock	paddock
paddy	paddy
padlock	visací zámek
padre	NO TRANSLATION
paean	paean
pagan	pohanský
paganism	pohanství
page	strana
pageant	soutěže
pager	pager
pagination	stránkování
paging	stránkování
pagoda	pagoda
pail	vědro
pain	bolest
pained	bolestný
painful	bolestivý
painfully	bolestivě
painkiller	lék proti bolesti
painless	bezbolestný
pains	bolesti
painstaking	pečlivě
paint	malovat
paintball	paintball
paintbrush	štětec
painted	malované
painter	malíř
painting	malování
pair	pár
paisley	paisley
pajama	pyžama
pajamas	pyžama
pal	kamarád
palace	palác
palatable	chutný
palate	patro
pale	bledý
paleontology	paleontologie
palette	paleta
pall	pall
palladium	palladia
pallet	paleta
palliative	paliativní
palm	dlaň
palmer	palmer
palomino	palomino
palpable	palpable
palpitations	palpitace
palsy	paralýza
paltry	ubohý
pamper	hýčkat
pamphlet	brožura
pan	pánev
panacea	všelék
panache	panache
pancake	lívanec
pancakes	palačinky
pancreas	slinivka břišní
panda	panda
pandemic	pandemie
pandemonium	peklo
pane	panel
panel	panel
pang	NO TRANSLATION
panhandle	žebrat na ulici
panic	panika
panicattack	NO TRANSLATION
panicked	zpanikařil
panicking	paniku
panicky	panicky
panier	NO TRANSLATION
panorama	panoráma
panoramic	panoramatický
pansy	maceška
pant	kalhoty
pantheon	panteon
panther	panter
panties	kalhotky
pantomime	pantomima
pantry	spíž
pants	kalhoty
panty	kalhoty
pantyhose	punčocháče
pap	pap
papa	tatínek
papacy	papežství
papal	NO TRANSLATION
papaya	papája
paper	papír
paperback	paperback
paperboy	papírový papír
paperweight	hmotnost papíru
paperwork	papírování
paprika	paprika
papyrus	papyrus
par	NO TRANSLATION
parable	podobenství
parabola	parabola
parabolic	parabolický
parachute	padák
parade	průvod
paradigm	paradigma
paradise	ráj
paradox	paradox
paradoxical	paradoxní
paraffin	parafín
paragon	vzor
paragraph	odstavec
parakeet	andulka
paralegal	paralegal
parallax	paralaxu
parallel	paralelní
parallelism	rovnoběžnost
paralysis	ochrnutí
paralyze	paralyzovat
paralyzed	paralyzován
paramedic	záchranář, Zdravotník, zdravotnice
paramedics	záchranáři
paramilitary	polovojenský
paramount	nejdůležitější
paranoia	paranoia
paranoid	paranoidní
paranormal	paranormální
parapet	parapet
paraphernalia	příslušenství
paraphrase	parafráze
paraplegic	paraplegický
parasite	parazit
parasitic	parazitické
parasol	slunečník
parcel	balíček
parcels	parcely
parched	vyprahlý
parchment	pergamen
pardon	Pardon
pare	NO TRANSLATION
parenchyma	parenchymu
parent	rodič
parentage	původ
parental	rodičovský
parenthesis	NO TRANSLATION
parenthetical	v závorkách
parenthood	rodičovství
parenting	rodičovství
pariah	vyvrhel
parietal	parietální
paring	paring
parish	farní
parity	parita
park	park
parka	parka
parking	parkoviště
parkinsons	parkinsons
parlance	slovesa
parlay	parlay
parliament	parlament
parliamentary	parlamentní
parlor	salon
parmesan	parmezán
parody	parodie
parole	čestné slovo
parquet	parkety
parrot	Papoušek
parry	parry
parse	analyzovat
parsimonious	šetrný
parsimony	šetrnost
parsley	petržel
parson	farář
part	část
partake	podílet se
partial	částečný
partiality	zaujatost
partially	částečně
participant	účastník
participate	účastnit se
participation	účast
particle	částice
particular	konkrétní
particularity	zvláštnosti
particulars	podrobnosti
parting	dělení
partisan	partyzán
partisanship	partyzánství
partition	rozdělit
partly	částečně
partner	partner
partnership	partnerství
partridge	koroptev
parts	části
party	oslava
pas	NO TRANSLATION
pass	složit
passable	průchodné
passage	průchod
passageway	průchod
passe	NO TRANSLATION
passenger	cestující
passim	NO TRANSLATION
passing	procházet
passion	vášeň
passionate	vášnivý
passive	pasivní
passivity	pasivita
passkey	passkey
passport	cestovní pas
password	Heslo
past	minulost
pasta	těstoviny
paste	vložit
pastel	pastel
pastime	zábava
pastor	pastor
pastrami	pastrami
pastry	pečivo
pasture	pastvina
pasty	pastovité
pat	pat
patch	náplast
patchwork	slátanina
pate	pate
patella	čéška
patent	patent
patented	patentovaný
paternal	otcovský
paternity	otcovství
path	cesta
pathetic	patetický
pathological	patologické
pathologist	patolog
pathology	patologie
pathos	NO TRANSLATION
pathway	cesta
patience	trpělivost
patient	trpěliví
patio	patio
patriarch	patriarcha
patriarchal	patriarchální
patrimony	dědictví
patriot	vlastenec
patriotic	vlastenecký
patriotism	patriotismus
patrol	hlídka
patrolman	strážník
patron	patron
patronage	patronát
patronising	blahosklonný
patronize	patronizovat
patronizing	blahosklonný
patter	pleskat
pattern	vzor
paucity	slabost
pauper	chuďas
pause	pauza
pave	dláždit
pavement	chodník
pavilion	pavilonu
paving	dlažba
paw	tlapka
pawn	pěšák
pawnshop	zastavárna
pax	pax
pay	platit
payable	splatné
payback	návratnost
paycheck	výplata
payday	payday
payer	plátce
payload	užitečné zatížení
payment	platba
payoff	vyplatit
payout	výplata
payphone	telefonní automat
payroll	mzdy
pea	hrášek
peace	mír
peaceable	mírumilovný
peaceful	klidný
peacefully	pokojně
peacekeeper	peacekeeper
peaceofmind	NO TRANSLATION
peacetime	míru
peach	broskev
peachy	peachy
peacock	páv
peak	vrchol
peaked	špičkové
peanut	arašíd
peanuts	arašídy
pear	hruška
pearl	perla
pearly	perlový
peas	hrášek
peasant	rolník
peat	rašelina
pebble	oblázek
pecan	pekanový ořech
peck	klovat
pecker	klovaný pták
peculiar	podivný
peculiarities	zvláštnosti
peculiarity	zvláštnost
peculiarly	podivně
pecuniary	finanční
pedal	pedál
pedantic	pedantský
peddle	prodávat
peddler	podomní obchodník
pedestal	podstavec
pedestrian	pěší
pediatric	pediatrické
pediatrician	dětský lékař
pediatrics	pediatrie
pedicure	pedikúra
pedigree	rodokmen
pedometer	krokoměr
pedophile	pedofil
pee	čurat
peek	peek
peekaboo	hra na schovávanou
peel	kůra
peep	peep
peeper	kukadlo
peephole	skulina
peer	peer
peering	peering
peerless	jedinečný
peeved	peeved
peg	kolík
pegs	kolíky
peice	NO TRANSLATION
pelagic	pelagické
pelican	pelikán
pellet	peleta
pelvic	pánevní
pelvis	pánev
pen	pero
penal	trestní
penalty	trest
penance	pokání
penchant	sklon
pencil	tužka
pendant	přívěšek
pendency	přívětivost
pendent	NO TRANSLATION
pending	čekající
pendulum	kyvadlo
penetrate	proniknout
penetrating	pronikající
penetration	penetraci
penguin	tučňák
penicillin	penicilin
penile	penis
peninsula	poloostrov
penis	penis
penitent	penitent
penitentiary	vězení
penmanship	kaligrafie
pennant	vlajka
penniless	bez peněz
penny	penny
pension	důchod
pensioner	důchodce
pensive	zamyšlený
pentagon	Pentagon
pentagram	pentagram
penthouse	přístřešek
penultimate	předposlední
people	lidé
peopled	peopled
pep	říz
pepper	pepř
peppermint	máta peprná
pepperoni	pepperoni
peppy	peppy
peptic	peptický
peptide	peptid
perceive	vnímat
percent	procent
percentage	procento
percentile	percentilu
perceptible	vnímatelné
perception	vnímání
perceptive	vnímavý
perch	biskupa
perchance	náhodou
percolation	perkolace
percussion	poklep
perdition	zatracení
peremptory	rozhodně
perennial	trvalka
perfect	perfektní
perfection	dokonalost
perfectionist	perfekcionista
perfecto	NO TRANSLATION
perforated	perforovaný
perforation	perforace
perforce	nezbytně
perform	provést
performance	výkon
performer	umělec
perfume	parfém
perfumed	parfémovaná
peri	peri
peridot	peridot
peril	nebezpečí
perilous	nebezpečný
perimeter	obvod
period	doba
periodic	pravidelně
periodical	časopis
periodically	pravidelně
periodicity	periodicita
peripheral	obvodový
periphery	obvod
periscope	periskop
perish	zahynout
perishable	podléhající zkáze
perished	zahynul
perishing	zahynuli
perjury	křivá přísaha
perk	vyzdobit
perky	energický
perm	perm
permanence	trvalost
permanent	trvalý
permeable	propustný
permeate	pronikat
permeation	permeace
permissible	dovolený
permission	povolení
permissive	permissive
permit	povolení
permitted	povoleno
permitting	povolení
permutation	permutace
pernicious	zhoubný
peroxide	peroxid
perpendicular	kolmý
perpetrate	spáchat
perpetrator	pachatel
perpetual	věčný
perpetually	neustále
perpetuate	zachovat
perpetuation	perpetuace
perpetuity	věčnost
perplexed	zmatený
perplexing	zmatený
perplexity	zmatek
persecute	pronásledovat
persecution	pronásledování
perseverance	vytrvalost
persevere	vytrvat
persist	přetrvávají
persistence	vytrvalost
persistent	přetrvávající
persisting	přetrvávající
person	osoba
persona	NO TRANSLATION
personable	hezký
personage	osobnost
personal	osobní
personality	osobnost
personification	zosobnění
personnel	personál
persons	osob
perspective	perspektivní
perspiration	pocení
persuade	přesvědčit
persuasion	přesvědčení
persuasive	přesvědčivý
pert	pert
pertinent	relevantní
perturbation	perturbace
pertussis	pertus
perusal	pročtení
peruse	prohlédnout
pervading	prostupující
perverse	perverzní
perversion	zvrácenost
pervert	zvrhlík
perverted	perverzní
pesky	otravný
pessimism	pesimismus
pessimist	pesimista
pessimistic	pesimistický
pest	škůdce
pester	obtěžovat
pestilence	mor
pestle	palička
pesto	pesto
pet	pet
petal	okvětní lístek
petite	petite
petition	petice
petitioner	žadateli
petloss	NO TRANSLATION
petpeeve	NO TRANSLATION
petrified	zkamenělý
petrify	zkamenět
petrol	benzín
petroleum	ropa
petticoat	spodnička
petting	mazlení
petty	malý
petulant	bezvýznamný
petunia	petunia
pew	pew
pewter	cín
peyote	NO TRANSLATION
phalanx	falanga
phantom	přízrak
pharaoh	faraon
pharmaceutical	farmaceutické
pharmacist	farmaceut
pharmacology	farmakologie
pharmacy	LÉKÁRNA
phase	fáze
pheasant	bažant
phenomenal	fenomenální
phenomenon	jev
pheromone	feromonu
phew	phew
phi	phi
philanthropic	dobročinný
philanthropist	filantrop
philanthropy	filantropie
philistine	filistine
philosopher	filozof
philosophic	filozofický
philosophical	filozofický
philosophy	filozofie
phlegm	hlen
pho	pho
phobia	fobie
phoenix	phoenix
phone	telefon
phonetic	fonetický
phonetics	fonetika
phonics	phonics
phonograph	fonograf
phonology	fonologie
phony	falešný
phooey	phooey
phosphate	fosfát
phosphor	fosfor
phosphorus	fosfor
photo	fotografie
photogenic	fotogenický
photograph	fotografie
photographer	fotograf
photographic	fotografický
photography	fotografování
photometry	fotometrie
photon	foton
phrase	fráze
phraseology	frazeologie
phylogeny	fylogeneze
physical	fyzický
physical therapist	Fyzioterapeut
physician	lékař
physicist	fyzik
physics	fyzika
physiological	fyziologický
physiology	fyziologie
physique	tělo
pi	pi
pianist	klavírista
piano	klavír
piazza	piazza
piccolo	NO TRANSLATION
pick	výběr
picked	vybral
picker	sběrač
picket	piktogram
picketing	piktogram
pickle	lák
pickled	nakládaný
pickpocket	kapsář
pickup	vyzvednout
picky	vybíravý
picnic	piknik
pictorial	ilustrovaný
picture	obrázek
pictures	obrázky
picturesque	malebné
pie	koláč
piece	kus
piecemeal	postupný
pieceofshit	kusofshit
pied	strakatý
pier	molo
pierce	prorazit
piety	zbožnost
pig	prase
pigeon	holub
piggy	prasátko
piggyback	nabitý
pigheaded	tvrdohlavý
piglet	sele
pigment	pigment
pigskin	prasečí kožešina
pigsty	prasečí chlívek
pike	štika
pile	hromada
piles	piloty
pileup	nahromadit
pilgrim	poutník
pilgrimage	pouť
pill	pilulka
pillage	drancování
pillar	pilíř
pillbox	pillbox
pillow	polštář
pillowcase	povlak na polštář
pilot	pilot
pimp	pasák
pimple	pupínek
pin	kolík
pinball	pinball
pinch	pinch
pinching	sevření
pine	borovice
pineapple	ananas
ping	ping
pinhead	špendlíková hlavička
pinhole	dírka
pinion	pastorek
pink	růžový
pinkie	malíček
pinnacle	vrchol
pinot	pinot
pinpoint	přesně
pint	pinta
pinto	pinto
pinup	přišpendlit
pioneer	průkopník
pious	zbožný
pip	pip
pipe	trubka
piped	piped
pipeline	potrubí
piper	dudák
pipette	pipeta
piping	potrubí
pipsqueak	pipsqueak
pique	pique
piracy	pirátství
piranha	piranha
pirate	pirát
piscina	NO TRANSLATION
piss	čurat
pissed	naštvaný
pissedoff	naštvaný
pisser	NO TRANSLATION
pissesmeoff	štve mě
pissingmeoff	štve mě to
pissoff	pissoff
pistachio	pistácie
pistol	pistole
piston	píst
pit	jáma
pita	pita
pitch	rozteč
pitcher	Džbán
pitchfork	vidle
pitfall	past
pith	dřeň
pithy	jadrný
pitiful	žalostné
pitted	rozmístěné
pitter	pitter
pituitary	hypofýzy
pity	Škoda
pivot	pivot
pivotal	stěžejní
pix	pix
pixie	skřítek
pizza	pizza
pizzazz	pizzazz
pizzeria	pizzerie
placard	plakát
place	místo
placebo	placebo
placement	umístění
placenta	placenta
placid	klidný
placket	placket
plagiarism	plagiátorství
plague	mor
plaid	přehoz
plain	prostý
plainclothes	všední oděv
plaintiff	žalobce
plaintive	žalostný
plan	plán
plane	letadlo
planes	letadel
planet	planeta
planetarium	planetárium
planetary	planetární
planets	planety
plank	prkno
plankton	plankton
planned	plánování
planner	plánovač
planning	plánování
plant	rostlina
plantation	plantáž
planter	plantáž
planting	výsadba
plaque	plaketa
plasma	plazma
plaster	omítka
plastic	plastický
plasticity	plasticity
plat	plat
plate	talíř
plateau	plošina
plated	pokrytý
platform	plošina
plating	pokovování
platinum	Platina
platonic	platonický
platoon	četa
platter	talíř
plaudit	NO TRANSLATION
plausibility	pravděpodobnost
plausible	přijatelný
play	hrát si
playa	playa
playback	přehrávání
playbook	playbook
playboy	playboy
player	hráč
playful	hravý
playground	hřiště
playhouse	divadlo
playmate	spoluhráč
playoff	playoff
playpen	ohrádka
playroom	hrací místnost
plaything	hračička
playtime	prázdno
playwright	dramatik
plaza	náměstí
plea	prosba
plead	prosil
pleasant	příjemný
pleased	potěšen
pleasing	příjemný
pleasurable	příjemný
pleasure	potěšení
pleasures	potěšení
pleat	plisé
pleated	plisovaný
pledge	slib
pledged	slíbil
plenary	plenárním zasedání
plentiful	bohatý
plenty	spousta
plenum	plénum
plethora	plethora
plexus	plexus
pliable	poddajný
plication	plication
pliers	kleště
plight	vážná situace
plinth	podstavec
plodding	plodování
plop	žbluňknout
plot	spiknutí
plough	pluh
ploughed	oraný
plover	kulík
plow	pluh
plowed	oraný
plowing	orba
ploy	ploy
pluck	trhat
plucky	kurážný
plug	zástrčka
plum	švestka
plumage	peří
plumb	olovnice
plumber	instalatér
plumbing	instalatérství
plume	chochol
plummet	Olovnice
plump	plné
plumper	plumper
plunder	kořist
plunge	ponořit se
plunger	plunžru
plural	množný
plurality	množství
plush	plyš
plutonium	plutonium
ply	vrstva
plywood	překližka
pneumatic	pneumatický
pneumonia	zápal plic
poacher	pytlák
poachers	pytláci
poaching	pytláctví
pocket	kapsa
pocketbook	kapesníček
pocketful	kapesný
pod	NO TRANSLATION
podium	pódium
poem	báseň
poems	básně
poet	básník
poetic	poetický
poetical	básnický
poetics	poetika
poetry	poezie
pogo	pogo
poignant	bolestný
point	bod
pointedly	špatně
pointer	ukazatel
pointless	zbytečné
pointy	špička
poise	viset
poison	jed
poisoned	otrávený
poisoning	otravy
poisonous	jedovatý
poke	strčit
poker	poker
pokes	pokes
polar	polární
polarity	polarita
pole	pól
polemic	polemika
police	policie
police officer	policejní důstojník
policeman	policista
policewoman	policistka
policy	politika
polio	obrna
polish	polština
polished	leštěné
polite	zdvořilý
politeness	zdvořilost
politic	rozvážný
political	politický
politician	politik
politics	politika
polity	občanský řád
polka	polka
poll	hlasování
pollen	pyl
polling	hlasování
pollute	znečistit
pollution	znečištění
polo	pólo
poltergeist	poltergeist
polyester	polyester
polygamy	mnohoženství
polygon	polygon
polygonal	polygonální
polygraph	polygraf
polymer	polymer
polymorphism	polymorfismus
pomp	okázalost
pompous	pompézní
poncho	pončo
pond	rybník
ponder	přemítat
ponderous	vážící
pong	pong
pontiff	papež
pontificate	pontifikát
pontoon	ponton
pony	poník
ponytail	koňský ohon
pooch	pooch
poodle	pudl
poof	teplouš
pool	bazén
poop	kadit
poor	chudý
poorly	špatně
pop	pop
popcorn	popcorn
pope	papež
popper	popper
poppy	mák
poppycock	poppycock
popsicle	nanuk
popular	oblíbený
popularity	popularita
popularized	popularizováno
population	populace
populous	populární
porcelain	porcelán
porch	veranda
porcupine	dikobraz
pore	pór
pork	vepřové
porker	krmník
porky	porky
porn	porno
porno	porno
pornographic	pornografický
pornography	pornografie
porosity	poréznosti
porous	porézní
porridge	Ovesná kaše
port	přístav
portable	přenosný
portage	dopravné
portal	portál
porter	porter
porterhouse	pivnice
portfolio	portfolia
porthole	okenní otvor
portico	sloupoví
portion	část
portrait	portrét
portraiture	portrétování
portray	zobrazit
pose	póza
poser	NO TRANSLATION
posh	nóbl
posited	posited
position	pozice
positioning	polohování
positive	pozitivní
positiveenergy	NO TRANSLATION
positively	pozitivně
positivity	pozitivita
posse	posse
possess	mít
possessed	posedlý
possessing	vlastnictví
possession	majetek
possessive	Přivlastňovací
possessor	vlastník
possibility	možnost
possible	možný
possibly	možná
possum	possum
post	pošta
postage	poštovné
postal	poštovní
postcard	pohlednice
poster	plakát
posterior	zadní
posterity	potomstvo
posthumous	posmrtný
postman	listonoš
postmortem	posmrtné
postpone	odložit
postponed	odloženo
postponement	odložení
postscript	postscript
postulate	postulát
posture	držení těla
pot	hrnec
potable	pitný
potassium	draslík
potato	brambor
potatoes	brambory
potency	potence
potent	silný
potential	potenciál
pothead	pothead
pothole	výmol
potion	lektvar
potluck	potluck
potpourri	potpourri
potted	v květináči
potter	hrnčíř
pottery	hrnčířství
potty	nočníček
pouch	vak
poultry	drůbež
pounce	vrhnout se
pound	libra
pounding	bušení
pour	NO TRANSLATION
pout	poutka
pouting	pouting
pouty	pouty
poverty	chudoba
pow	pow
powder	prášek
powdered	práškový
powdery	prášek
power	Napájení
powerful	silný
powerfully	mocně
powerhouse	powerhouse
powerless	bezmocný
powwow	powwow
pox	neštovice
practicable	proveditelný
practical	praktický
practically	prakticky
practice	praxe
practiced	cvičil
practise	praxe
practitioner	praktik
pragmatic	pragmatický
prairie	prérie
praise	Chvála
praised	chválil
praisegod	NO TRANSLATION
praisejesus	NO TRANSLATION
praises	chvály
praiseworthy	chvályhodný
praising	chválí
prance	skok
prank	žert
prawn	kreveta
praxis	praxe
pray	modlit se
prayer	modlitba
prayforme	Modlete se za mě
praying	modlit se
praying mantis	kudlanka nábožná
preach	kázat
preacher	kazatel
preaching	kázání
preamble	preambule
precarious	nejisté
precaution	opatření
precautionary	bezpečnostní
precede	předcházet
precedence	přednost
precedent	precedens
preceding	předcházející
precept	pravidlo
preceptor	učitel
precession	precese
precinct	okrsku
precincts	okrsku
precious	drahocenný
precipice	sráz
precipitate	sraženina
precipitation	srážky
precipitous	srážkový
precise	přesný
precisely	přesně
precision	přesnost
preclude	vyloučit
precocious	předčasný
precursor	předchůdce
predator	dravec
predatory	dravý
predecessor	předchůdce
predicament	problém
predicate	predikát
predict	předpovědět
predictable	předvídatelný
predicting	předpovídání
prediction	předpověď
predictive	prediktivní
predictor	prediktor
predilection	záliba
predispose	učinit náchylným
predisposed	předisponované
predisposition	náchylnost
predominance	převaha
predominant	převládající
predominate	převládají
preeminent	prominentní
preemption	preemption
preemptive	preventivní
preface	předmluva
prefect	prefekt
prefer	preferujte
preferable	vhodnější
preference	přednost
preferential	přednostní
prefix	předpona
pregnancy	těhotenství
pregnant	těhotná
prehistoric	prehistorický
prejudice	předsudek
prejudiced	předvídané
prejudicial	škodlivé
prelim	prelim
preliminary	předběžný
prelude	předehra
premarital	předmanželský
premature	předčasně
prematurely	předčasně
premed	premed
premeditated	záměrně
premier	premiér
premiere	premiéra
premise	předpoklad
premises	prostor
premium	pojistné
premonition	předtuchy
prenatal	prenatální
prenuptial	prenuptial
preoccupation	znepokojení
preoccupied	zaujatý
prep	přípravka
preparation	příprava
preparatory	přípravné
prepare	připravit
prepared	připravený
preparedness	připravenost
preparer	připravit
preparing	připravuje se
preponderance	převaha
preposterous	absurdní
preppy	preppy
prerequisite	předpoklad
prerogative	výsada
preschool	předškolní
prescient	prestižní
prescribe	předepsat
prescribed	předepsáno
prescription	předpis
prescriptive	nařizovací
presence	přítomnost
present	současnost, dárek
presentable	reprezentativní
presentation	prezentace
presenter	Moderátor
presentment	představení
presents	představuje
preservation	zachování
preservative	konzervační
preserve	zachovat
preserved	zachovalé
preserving	zachování
preside	předsedat
presidency	předsednictví
president	prezident
presidential	prezidentské
press	lis
pressing	stisknutím tlačítka
pressure	tlak
prestige	prestiž
prestigious	prestižní
presto	rychle
presume	předpokládat
presumption	předpoklad
presumptive	předpokládané
presumptuous	odporný
presuppose	předpokládat
pretend	předstírat
pretended	předstíral
pretender	předstírající
pretending	předstírat
pretense	předstírání
pretensions	nároky
pretentious	domýšlivý
pretext	záminka
pretty	dosti
pretzel	preclík
prevail	převládají
prevailing	převládající
prevalence	prevalence
prevalent	převládající
prevent	zabránit
preventative	preventivní
prevention	prevence
preventive	preventivní
preview	náhled
previous	předchozí
previously	dříve
prey	kořist
price	cena
priceless	neocenitelný
pricey	drahé
prick	bodnutí
prickly	pichlavý
pride	hrdost
priest	kněz
priestess	kněžka
priesthood	kněžství
priestly	kněz
prig	zloděj
prim	prim
prima	NO TRANSLATION
primacy	prvenství
primal	púvodní
primary	hlavní
primate	primát
primates	primáty
prime	primární
primed	primární
primer	primer
primeval	prvotní
priming	priming
primitive	primitivní
primordial	primordial
primrose	petrklíč
prince	princ
princely	knížecí
princess	princezna
principal	ředitel školy
principally	hlavně
principle	zásada
principles	zásady
print	tisk
printer	tiskárny
printing	tisk
printout	vytisknout
prior	dříve
prioritize	upřednostnit
priority	přednost
priory	převorství
prism	hranol
prismatic	prismatická
prison	vězení
prisoner	vězeň
prissy	prissy
pristine	nedotčené
privacy	Soukromí
private	soukromé
privately	soukromě
privilege	privilegium
privileged	výsadní
privy	tajný
prize	cena
prized	ceněný
pro	pro
proactive	proaktivní
probability	pravděpodobnost
probable	pravděpodobný
probate	probate
probation	probace
probationary	zkušební
probative	probative
probe	sonda
probing	sondování
probity	probity
problem	problém
problematic	problematický
procedural	procesní
procedure	postup
proceed	pokračovat
proceeding	pokračování
proceeds	pokračuje
process	proces
processing	zpracovává se
procession	průvod
processor	procesor
proclaim	vyhlásit
proclamation	proklamace
procrastinate	odkládat
procrastination	odkládání
procreate	plodit
procreation	plození
proctologist	proktolog
proctor	proktor
procure	obstarat
procurement	Procurement
prod	prod
prodigal	marnotratný
prodigious	podivuhodný
prodigy	zázrak
produce	vyrobit
produced	vyrobeno
producer	výrobce
producing	produkovat
product	produkt
production	Výroba
productive	výrobní
productivity	produktivita
profane	rouhavý
profanity	rouhavost
profess	vyznávám
profession	profese
professional	profesionální
professionalism	profesionality
professor	profesor
professorship	profesorství
proficiency	dovednosti
proficient	dovedný
profile	profil
profiler	profiler
profit	zisk
profitable	ziskové
profound	hluboký
profuse	bohatý
profusion	hojnost
prog	prog
progenitor	předek
progeny	potomstvo
prognosis	prognóza
prognostic	prognostický
program	program
programme	program
programmer	programátor
programming	programování
progress	pokrok
progression	postup
progressive	progresivní
prohibit	zakázat
prohibited	zakázáno
prohibition	zákaz
prohibitive	prohibitivní
project	projekt
projectile	projektil
projectiles	projektily
projecting	projektování
projection	projekce
projector	projektor
proletarian	proletář
proletariat	proletariát
prolific	plodný
prologue	prolog
prolong	prodloužit
prolongation	prodloužení
prolonged	prodloužený
prom	promenáda
promenade	promenáda
prominence	výtečnost
prominent	prominentní
prominently	prominentně
promiscuity	promiskuita
promiscuous	promiskuitní
promise	slib
promising	slibný
promissory	směnky
promo	promo
promontory	mys
promote	podporovat
promoter	promotor
promotion	povýšení
promotional	propagační
prompt	výzva
prompting	výzva
promulgate	vyhlásit
promulgation	vyhlášení
prone	náchylný
prong	špice
pronounce	vyslovit
pronounced	výrazný
pronouncement	prohlášení
pronto	NO TRANSLATION
pronunciation	výslovnost
proof	důkaz
prop	podpěra
propaganda	propaganda
propagate	propagovat
propagation	propagace
propane	propanu
propel	pohánět
propelled	poháněný
propeller	vrtule
propelling	pohon
propensity	sklon
proper	správně
property	vlastnictví
prophecy	proroctví
prophesy	prorokovat
prophet	prorok
prophetic	prorocký
prophylactic	profylaktický
prophylaxis	profylaxi
proportion	poměr
proportional	úměrný
proportionate	přiměřené
proportions	poměry
proposal	návrh
propose	navrhnout
proposition	tvrzení
proprietary	proprietární
proprietor	majitel
proprietorship	vlastnictví
propriety	slušnost
propulsion	pohon
prose	próza
prosecute	stíhání
prosecution	stíhání
prosecutor	žalobce
prospect	vyhlídka
prospection	prospekt
prospective	budoucí
prospectively	prospektivně
prospector	prospektor
prospectus	prospekt
prosper	prosperovat
prosperity	prosperita
prosperous	prosperující
prostate	prostaty
prosthetic	protetické
prostitute	prostitutka
prostitution	prostituce
prostrate	prosté
protagonist	protagonista
protect	chránit
protected	chráněný
protecting	chrání
protection	ochrana
protective	ochranný
protector	ochránce
protein	protein
protest	protest
protestant	protestant
protocol	protokol
proton	proton
prototype	prototyp
protozoa	protozoa
protracted	dlouhotrvající
protrude	vyčnívat
protrusion	výčnělek
proud	hrdý
prove	dokázat
proven	osvědčené
proverb	přísloví
proverbial	příslovečný
provide	poskytnout
provided	pokud
providence	prozřetelnost
provider	poskytovatele
providing	poskytování
province	provincie
provincial	provinční
provision	ustanovení
provisional	prozatímní
provisionally	prozatímně
provisions	ustanovení
proviso	výhrada
provocation	provokace
provocative	provokativní
provoke	provokovat
provoked	provokováno
provoking	provokační
provost	probošt
prowess	statečnost
prowl	prowl
prowler	tulák
proximal	proximální
proximate	v blízkosti
proximity	blízkost
proxy	proxy
prude	prude
prudence	opatrnost
prudent	opatrný
prune	prořezávat
pruning	prořezávání
pry	pry
prying	Plavba
psalm	žalm
psalms	žalmy
pseudo	pseudo
pseudonym	pseudonym
psi	psi
psoriasis	psoriáza
psych	psych
psyche	psyche
psychedelic	psychedelický
psychiatric	psychiatrické
psychiatrist	psychiatr
psychiatry	psychiatrie
psychic	duševní
psychical	psychický
psychics	psychika
psycho	Psycho
psychoanalysis	psychoanalýza
psychoanalyst	psychoanalytik
psychobabble	psychobabble
psychological	psychologický
psychologist	psycholog
psychology	psychologie
psychopath	psychopat
psychopathic	psychopatické
psychosis	psychóza
psychosomatic	psychosomatický
psychotherapy	psychoterapie
psychotic	psychotický
pterodactyl	pterodaktylu
ptsd	ptsd
pub	hospoda
puberty	puberta
pubes	pubes
pubescent	pubertální
pubic	pubik
public	veřejnost
publication	vydání
publicist	publicista
publicity	publicita
publicly	veřejně
publicspeaking	NO TRANSLATION
publish	publikovat
published	publikováno
publisher	vydavatel
publishing	publikování
puck	puk
pucker	zvrásnění
pudding	pudink
puddle	louže
pudgy	pudgy
puff	bafnout
puffing	nadýchání
puffy	nabubřelý
pug	mopslík
puke	puke
pull	sem
pulley	kladka
pullover	svetr
pulmonary	plicní
pulp	buničina
pulpit	kazatelna
pulsar	pulsar
pulsation	pulzace
pulse	puls
puma	puma
pump	čerpadlo
pumped	čerpáno
pumpkin	dýně
pun	NO TRANSLATION
punch	rána pěstí
punched	děrováno
punching	děrování
punchy	punchy
punctual	přesný
punctuality	dochvilnost
punctually	přesně
punctuation	interpunkce
puncture	propíchnout
pundit	vědátor
pungent	pronikavý
punish	potrestat
punishable	trestatelné
punished	potrestáno
punishing	potrestání
punishment	trest
punitive	trestné
punk	punk
punt	pramice
puny	maličký
pup	štěně
pupil	žák
puppet	loutka
puppeteer	loutkář
puppy	štěně
purchase	nákup
purchaser	kupujícím
purchasing	nákupu
pure	čistý
purebliss	NO TRANSLATION
puree	pyré
purely	čistě
purgatory	očistec
purge	očistit
purification	čištění
purify	očistit
purist	purist
purity	čistota
purple	nachový
purport	purport
purpose	účel
purposely	záměrně
purr	předení
purring	purring
purse	peněženka
pursuance	provádění
pursue	sledovat
pursuing	sledování
pursuit	pronásledování
purveyor	dodavatel
purview	oblast působnosti
pus	hnis
push	TAM
pusher	pusher
pushing	tlačí
pushover	hračka
pushy	pushy
puss	kočička
pussy	kočička
pussycat	kočička
put	dát
putative	předpokládané
putrid	hnijící
puts	dělá
putt	putt
putter	putter
putty	tmel
puzzle	hádanka
puzzled	zmatený
puzzling	záhadný
pygmy	pygmy
pylon	pylon
pyramid	pyramida
pyramidal	pyramidový
pyrotechnics	pyrotechniky
python	krajta
quack	šarlatán
quad	quad
quadrangle	čtyřúhelník
quadrant	kvadrant
quadratic	kvadratický
quadrature	kvadratura
quadruple	čtyřnásobek
quadrupole	quadrupole
quagmire	bažina
quail	křepelka
quaint	kuriózní
quake	zemětřesení
qualifications	kvalifikace
qualified	kvalifikovaný
qualify	kvalifikovat
qualifying	kvalifikační
qualities	kvality
quality	kvalitní
quandary	dilema
quantify	vyčíslit
quantitative	kvantitativní
quantitatively	kvantitativně
quantity	Množství
quantum	kvantum
quarantine	karanténa
quarrel	hádka
quarry	lom
quart	kvart
quarter	čtvrťák
quarterback	quarterback
quartered	čtvrtý
quarterly	čtvrtletní
quartermaster	velvyslanec
quarters	čtvrtletí
quartet	kvartet
quartile	kvartil
quarto	NO TRANSLATION
quartz	křemen
quash	zrušit
quasi	kvazi
quaternary	kvartérní
quay	NO TRANSLATION
queasiness	choulostivost
queasy	hezké
queen	královna
queer	queer
quell	potlačit
quench	uhasit
query	dotaz
quest	hledání
question	otázka
questionable	sporný
questioning	zpochybňování
questionnaire	dotazník
queue	fronta
queues	fronty
quibble	slovíčkaření
quiche	quiche
quick	rychlý
quicken	zrychlit
quickie	rychlovka
quickly	rychle
quickness	rychlost
quicksand	pohyblivý písek
quicksilver	rtuť
quid	quid
quiescent	klidové
quiet	klid
quietly	tiše
quill	brk
quilt	deka
quince	kdoule
quinine	chinin
quintet	kvintet
quirk	quirk
quirky	zvláštní
quit	přestat
quits	ukončí
quitter	NO TRANSLATION
quiver	toulec
quivering	chvějící se
quiz	kvíz
quorum	kvorum
quota	kvóta
quotation	citát
quote	citát
quotes	citáty
quotient	kvocient
rabbi	rabín
rabbit	králičí
rabble	chátra
rabid	vzteklý
rabies	vzteklina
raccoon	mýval
race	závod
racehorse	závodní kůň
racer	závodník
racetrack	závodní dráha
racial	rasový
racism	rasismus
racist	rasista
rack	nosič
racket	raketa
racketeering	vydírání
racking	regály
racquetball	Racketball
racy	pikantní
radar	radar
radial	radiální
radiance	záře
radiant	zářivý
radiate	vyzařovat
radiation	záření
radiator	chladič
radical	radikální
radically	radikálně
radio	rádio
radioactive	radioaktivní
radioactivity	radioaktivita
radiograph	rentgenový snímek
radiography	radiografie
radiologist	radiolog
radiology	radiologie
radish	ředkev
radium	rádium
radius	poloměr
radon	radon
raffle	tombola
raft	vor
rag	hadr
rage	vztek
ragemode	ragemode
ragetweet	ragetweet
ragged	roztrhaný
raggedy	zuřivost
raging	zuřivost
rags	hadry
ragtime	ragtime
raid	nálet
raider	nájezdník
rail	železnici
railing	zábradlí
railroad	železnice
railway	železnice
raiment	roucho
rain	déšť
rainbow	duha
rainbow trout	pstruh duhový
rainbows	duhy
raincoat	pláštěnka
raindrops	kapky deště
rainfall	srážek
rainforest	deštný prales
rainmaker	rainmaker
rainstorm	bouřka
rainy	deštivý
rainyday	deštivý den
raise	vyzdvihnout
raised	zvýšené
raisin	rozinka
raising	zvedání
rake	hrábě
rally	shromáždění
ram	RAM
ramble	blouznit
rambling	drobné
ramp	rampa
rampage	rampage
rampant	nekontrolovatelné
rampart	hradba
ramrod	ramrod
ranch	ranč
rancher	farmář
rancid	zatuchlý
random	náhodný
randomly	náhodně
randomness	náhodnost
randy	chlípný
range	rozsah
ranger	Hraničář
rank	hodnost
ranking	hodnocení
ransom	výkupné
rant	rant
ranting	ranní
rap	rap
rape	znásilnění
rapid	rychlý
rapidity	rychlost
rapids	peřeje
rapist	násilník
rapper	rapper
rapping	rapping
rapport	NO TRANSLATION
rapt	zaujatý
raptor	raptor
raptors	dravci
rapture	extáze
rare	vzácný
rarely	zřídka
rarity	rarita
rascal	rošťák
rash	vyrážka
raspberries	maliny
raspberry	malina
rat	krysa
ratchet	rohatka
rate	hodnotit
ratification	ratifikace
ratify	ratifikovat
rating	hodnocení
ratio	poměr
ration	příděl
rational	Racionální
rationale	zdůvodnění
rationalism	racionalismus
rationality	rozumnost
rationalize	racionalizovat
rationing	přídělový systém
rattan	ratan
rattle	chrastítko
rattled	mračeně
rattler	rattler
rattlesnake	chřestýš
ratty	ratty
raucous	chraptivý
ravage	zpustošení
rave	vztekat se
raven	Havran
ravenous	hnusný
ravine	rokle
raving	nepříčetný
ravioli	ravioli
ravishing	okouzlující
raw	drsný
rawhide	surové kůže
rawr	rawr
ray	paprsek
razor	Břitva
reach	dosáhnout
react	reagovat
reaction	reakce
reactionary	reakční
reactive	reaktivní
reactor	reaktor
read	číst
reader	čtenář
readership	čtenářství
readily	snadno
readiness	připravenost
reading	čtení
readjustment	přizpůsobení
readout	čtení
ready	připraven
readytogo	připraven jít
reaffirm	znovu potvrdit
reagent	činidlo
real	nemovitý
realism	realismus
realist	realista
realistic	realistický
reality	realita
realization	realizace
realize	realizovat
realm	oblast
realtor	realitní kancelář
realty	nemovitost
ream	rys
reap	sklízet
reaper	žací stroj
reappear	znovu se objevit
rear	zadní
rearrange	uspořádat
rearrangement	přeskupení
reason	důvod
reasonable	rozumné
reasonableness	rozumnost
reasoning	uvažování
reasons	důvodů
reassemble	znovu sestavit
reassign	znovu přiřadit
reassignment	přemístění
reassurance	ujištění
reassure	uklidnit
reassured	upřímně
reassuring	uklidňující
rebate	sleva
rebel	rebel
rebellion	povstání
rebellious	vzpurný
rebels	rebelové
rebirth	znovuzrození
reboot	restartování
reborn	znovuzrozený
rebound	odskočit
rebuild	obnovit
rebuke	pokárání
rebut	vyvrátit
rebuttal	vyvrácení
recalcitrant	nepoctivý
recall	odvolání
recant	odvolat
recap	shrnout
recapture	znovu zachytit
recast	přepracování
recede	ustupovat
receding	ustupující
receipt	účtenka
receipts	příjmy
receive	dostávat
received	obdržel
receiver	přijímač
receiving	přijímání
recent	nedávno
receptacle	nádoba
reception	recepce
receptionist	recepční
receptive	receptivní
receptor	receptoru
recess	vybrání
recesses	výklenky
recession	recese
recharge	dobíjení
recheck	znovu zkontrolovat
recherche	NO TRANSLATION
recidivism	opakování
recipe	recept
recipient	příjemce
reciprocal	reciproční
reciprocate	oplatit
reciprocity	vzájemnost
recital	recitál
recitation	přednes
recite	recitovat
reckless	bezohledný
recklessness	bezohlednost
reckon	počítat
reckoning	počítání
reclaim	kultivovat
reclamation	rekultivace
recline	lehnout
reclining	sklápěcí
recluse	samotář
recognition	uznání
recognizable	rozpoznatelné
recognize	uznat
recognized	uznána
recoil	zpětný odraz
recollect	vzpomenout si
recollection	vzpomínka
recombinant	rekombinantní
recombination	rekombinace
recommend	doporučit
recommendation	doporučení
recompense	odměna
recon	průzkum
reconcile	smířit se
reconciliation	smíření
reconfigure	přenastavit
reconnaissance	průzkum
reconnect	znovu připojit
reconsider	přehodnotit
reconsideration	přehodnocení
reconstitution	rekonstituci
reconstruct	rekonstruovat
reconstruction	rekonstrukce
reconstructive	rekonstrukční
reconvene	znovu
record	záznam
recorder	zapisovač
recording	záznam
recount	opakování
recoup	kompenzovat
recourse	odvolání
recover	uzdravit se
recoverable	obnovitelné
recovery	zotavení
recreate	znovu vytvořit
recreation	rekreace
recreational	rekreační
recruit	rekrut
recruiter	náborář
recruiting	náboru
recruitment	nábor
recruits	rekrutů
rectal	rektální
rectangle	obdélník
rectangular	obdélníkový
rectification	opravu
rectify	opravit
rector	rektor
rectory	fara
rectum	konečník
recumbent	ležící
recuperation	zotavení
recur	opakujte
recurrence	opakování
recurrent	opakující se
recurring	opakující se
recursion	rekurze
recursive	rekurzivní
recursively	rekurzivně
recycle	recyklovat
recycled	recyklovaný
recycling	recyklace
red	Červené
reddish	červená
redecorate	redecorate
redeem	vykoupit
redeemed	vykoupeny
redemption	Vykoupení
redesign	redesign
redhead	červená hlava
redheaded	rusovlasý
redirect	přesměrování
redneck	redneck
redness	zarudnutí
redo	předělat
redress	napravit
reduce	snížit
reduced	snížena
reduction	redukce
redundancy	nadbytek
redundant	redundantní
redwood	redwood
reed	rákos
reef	útes
reefer	topení
reefs	útesy
reek	zápach
reel	role
reelection	znovuzvolení
reeling	navíjení
reenactment	reenactment
reentry	reentry
reestablish	obnovit
ref	ref
refer	odkazovat
referee	rozhodčí
reference	odkaz
referendum	referendum
referral	doporučení
refill	doplňte
refine	vylepšit
refined	rafinovaný
refinement	upřesnění
refinery	rafinerie
refining	rafinace
refit	obnovit
reflect	odrážejí
reflecting	odrážející
reflection	odraz
reflective	reflexní
reflector	reflektor
reflex	reflex
reflux	reflux
reform	reforma
reformation	reformace
reformer	reformátor
refraction	lom světla
refractor	refraktor
refractory	žáruvzdorné
refrain	refrén
refraining	zdržet se
refresh	Obnovit
refreshed	obnoveno
refreshing	osvěžující
refreshment	občerstvení
refrigerate	Chladnička
refrigeration	chlazení
refrigerator	lednička
refuel	natankovat
refuge	útočiště
refugee	uprchlík
refund	vrácení peněz
refurbish	renovovat
refusal	zamítnutí
refuse	odmítnout
refused	odmítl
refusing	odmítnutí
refutation	vyvrácení
refute	vyvrátit
regain	znovu získat
regal	královský
regalia	korunovační klenoty
regard	považovat
regatta	regata
regency	regency
regenerate	regenerovat
regeneration	regenerace
regent	regent
reggae	reggae
regime	režim
regimen	režimu
regiment	pluk
regimental	plukovní
region	kraj
regional	regionální
regionalism	regionalismus
register	Registrovat
registrar	registrátor
registration	Registrace
registry	registru
regress	regress
regression	regrese
regressive	regresivní
regret	litovat
regretful	litovat
regrettable	politováníhodný
regretted	lituje
regretting	lituji
regroup	přeskupení
regular	pravidelný
regularity	pravidelnost
regulars	pravidelné
regulate	regulovat
regulated	regulováno
regulation	nařízení
regulator	regulátor
regulatory	regulační
regurgitation	regurgitace
rehab	léčebna
rehabilitate	rehabilitovat
rehabilitation	rehabilitace
rehash	rehash
rehearsal	zkouška
rehearse	zkoušet
reign	panování
reigning	vládnoucí
reimburse	uhradit
reimbursement	náhrada
rein	rein
reincarnation	reinkarnace
reindeer	sob
reinforce	posílit
reinforcement	vyztužení
reinforcements	posílení
reins	otěže
reinstall	znovu nainstalovat
reinstate	obnovit
reinstatement	obnovení
reinvest	reinvestovat
reinvestment	reinvestice
reiterate	zopakujte
reject	odmítnout
rejected	zamítnuto
rejection	odmítnutí
rejects	odmítá
rejoice	Raduj se
rejoicing	radost
rejoin	vrátit se
rejuvenate	omladit
rejuvenated	omlazený
rekindle	rekindle
relapse	relapsu
relate	vztahují
related	příbuzný
relation	vztah
relationship	vztah
relative	relativní
relativity	relativita
relax	odpočinout si
relaxant	relaxační
relaxation	relaxace
relaxed	uvolněný
relaxing	relaxační
relay	relé
release	uvolnění
released	uvolněna
relegation	sestup
relentless	neúprosný
relevance	relevantnost
relevancy	relevance
relevant	relevantní
reliability	spolehlivost
reliable	spolehlivý
reliance	důvěra
relic	relikvie
relics	pozůstatky
relief	úleva
relieve	zmírnit
relieved	ulevilo se
relieving	uvolnění
relight	obnovit
religion	náboženství
religious	náboženský
relinquish	opustit
relish	záliba
relive	přežít
reload	Znovu načíst
relocate	přemístit
relocation	přemístění
reluctance	neochota
reluctant	neochotný
rely	spolehnout se
remain	zůstat
remainder	zbytek
remaining	zbývající
remains	zbytky
remake	předělat
remand	odvolání
remark	Poznámka
remarkable	pozoruhodný
remarkably	pozoruhodně
remarry	oženit
rematch	odveta
remedial	nápravě
remedy	lék
remember	pamatovat
remembered	vzpomněl si
remembering	zapamatování
remembrance	vzpomínka
remind	připomenout
reminder	připomínka
reminisce	vzpomínat
reminiscent	připomínající
reminiscing	připomíná
remiss	remiss
remission	prominutí
remit	prominout
remittance	převod
remnant	zbytek
remodel	přetvořit
remorse	lítost
remorseful	kajícný
remote	dálkový
remoteness	odlehlost
removal	odstranění
remove	odstranit
remover	odstraňovač
remuneration	odměna
renaissance	renesance
renal	renální
rencontre	NO TRANSLATION
rend	NO TRANSLATION
render	poskytnout
rendering	vykreslování
rendezvous	setkání
rendition	předávání
renegade	odpadlík
renegotiate	znovu vyjednat
renew	obnovit
renewal	obnova
renounce	zřeknout se
renovate	renovovat
renovated	renovovaný
renovation	renovace
renown	proslulost
renowned	proslulý
rent	pronajmout si
rental	pronájem
renter	nájemce
renunciation	odřeknutí
reopen	znovu otevřít
reorganization	reorganizace
reorganize	reorganizovat
rep	rep
repaint	přebarvit
repair	opravit
repairman	opravář
reparation	oprava
repay	splatit
repayment	splácení
repeal	zrušení
repeat	opakovat
repeated	opakovat
repeatedly	opakovaně
repeater	opakovač
repel	odrazit
repellant	odpuzující
repellent	repelent
repelling	odpuzující
repent	litovat
repentance	pokání
repentant	kající
repertoire	repertoár
repertory	repertoár
repetition	opakování
repetitive	opakující se
rephrase	přeformulovat
replace	nahradit
replacement	výměna, nahrazení
replay	Přehrát
replenish	doplnit
replete	naplněný
replica	replika
replicate	replikovat
replication	replikace
reply	odpověď
report	zpráva
reported	hlášení
reporter	zpravodaj
repose	odpočívat
reposition	přemístění
repository	úložiště
repossess	převzetí
reprehensible	odsouzení
represent	zastupovat
representation	reprezentace
representative	zástupce
represented	zastoupeny
representing	reprezentovat
repress	potlačit
repressed	potlačena
repression	represe
reprieve	milost
reprimand	důtka
reprint	dotisk
reprisal	odveta
reprise	reprise
reproach	vyčítat
reproduce	reprodukovat
reproduction	reprodukce
reproductive	reprodukční
reprogram	přeprogramovat
reptile	plaz
republic	republika
republican	republikán
repudiation	odmítnutí
repugnance	odpor
repugnant	odporný
repulsion	odpor
repulsive	odporný
repurchase	zpětné odkupy
reputable	seriózní
reputation	pověst
repute	pověst
reputed	údajný
request	žádost
requiem	zádušní mše
require	vyžadovat
required	Povinný
requirement	požadavek
requisite	potřebné
requisition	požadavek
reread	znovu přečíst
reroute	přesměrovat
rerun	znovu spustit
reschedule	přeplánovat
rescind	zrušit
rescission	zrušení
rescue	zachránit
research	výzkum
researcher	výzkumník
resection	resekce
resemblance	podobnost
resemble	připomíná
resembling	připomíná
resent	odmítnout
resentful	nesnášenlivý
resentment	odpor
reservation	rezervace
reserve	rezervovat
reserved	Rezervováno
reserves	rezerv
reservoir	nádrž
reset	resetovat
reside	bydliště
residence	rezidence
residences	bydlení
residency	pobytu
resident	rezident
residential	obytný
residual	reziduální
residue	zbytek
resign	odstoupit
resignation	rezignace
resigned	odstoupil
resilience	odolnost
resilient	pružný
resin	pryskyřice
resist	odolat
resistance	odpor
resistant	odolný
resisting	odolávat
resistive	odporová
resolute	rezolutní
resolutely	rozhodně
resolution	rozlišení
resolve	odhodlání
resolved	vyřešeno
resonance	rezonance
resonant	rezonující
resonate	rezonovat
resonator	rezonátoru
resort	letovisko
resounding	hlasitý
resource	zdroje
resourceful	vynalézavý
resources	zdroje
respect	respekt
respectability	váženost
respectable	slušný
respected	respektována
respectful	úctyhodný
respecting	respektování
respective	příslušný
respects	respektuje
respiration	dýchání
respirator	Respirátor
respiratory	respirační
respite	odklad
resplendent	zářivý
respond	reagovat
respondent	odpůrce
response	Odezva
responsibility	odpovědnost
responsible	odpovědný
responsive	reagující
rest	odpočinek
restart	restartujte
restaurant	restaurace
rested	odpočívá
restful	klidný
restitution	restituce
restless	neklidný
restlessness	nepokoj
restock	restock
restoration	obnovení
restorative	obnovovací
restore	obnovit
restored	obnovena
restoring	obnovení
restrain	omezit
restrained	umírněný
restraining	omezování
restraint	omezení
restrict	omezit
restricted	omezený
restriction	omezení
restrictive	restriktivní
restroom	toaleta
result	výsledek
resultant	výsledný
resume	životopis
resumption	obnovení
resurrect	vzkřísit
resurrection	vzkříšení
resuscitate	resuscitovat
resuscitation	resuscitace
retail	maloobchodní
retailer	maloobchodník
retain	zachovat
retainer	držák
retaining	zachování
retake	znovudobytí
retaliate	odplata
retaliation	odplata
retaliatory	odvetný
retard	zpomalit
retardation	zpoždění
retarded	retardovaný
retards	retarduje
retention	zachování
retentive	retentivní
rethink	přehodnotit
reticent	zdrženlivý
retina	sítnice
retinal	retina
retire	odejít
retired	v důchodu
retirement	odchod do důchodu
retiring	odchod do důchodu
retold	opakovaně
retort	retort
retrace	zpětná vazba
retract	zatáhnout
retraction	odvolání
retractor	navíječ
retreat	ustoupit
retrenchment	omezení
retrial	obnovení řízení
retribution	odškodnění
retrieval	vyhledávání
retrieve	načíst
retriever	retriever
retro	retro
retroactive	retroaktivní
retrograde	retrográdní
retrospect	retrospekt
retrospective	retrospektivní
retrospectively	retrospektivně
return	vrátit se
reunion	shledání
reunite	znovu spojte
reunited	znovu spojen
rev	rev
reveal	odhalit
revel	hýřit
revelation	zjevení
revelations	odhalení
revels	revels
revenge	pomsta
revenue	příjmy
reverberation	dozvuku
revere	ctít
reverence	úcta
reverend	ctihodný
reverent	uctivý
reverie	snění
reversal	obrácení
reverse	zvrátit
reversion	reversion
revert	vrátit se
reverting	návrat
review	Posouzení
reviewer	recenzent
revise	revidovat
revision	revize
revisit	znovu navštívit
revival	obrození
revive	oživit
revocation	odvolání
revoke	zrušit
revolt	vzpoura
revolting	nechutný
revolution	revoluce
revolutionary	revoluční
revolutionize	revoluce
revolve	točit se
revolver	revolver
revolving	otáčení
revue	revue
revulsion	odpor
revving	revving
reward	odměna
rewarding	odměňování
rewind	přetočit
rewire	přepojit
rewrite	přepsat
rhapsody	rapsódie
rhetoric	rétorika
rhetorical	rétorické
rheumatism	revmatismus
rhinestone	drahokamu
rhino	nosorožec
rhinoceros	nosorožec
rhubarb	rebarbora
rhyme	rým
rhyming	rýmování
rhythm	rytmus
rhythmic	rytmický
rhythmical	rytmické
rib	žebro
ribbed	žebrované
ribbon	stuha
rice	rýže
rich	bohatý
riches	bohatství
richness	bohatství
rick	rick
rickety	vratký
rickshaw	rickshaw
ricochet	ricochet
rid	zbavit
riddance	zbraně
riddle	hádanka
riddled	hlídané
ride	jezdit
rider	jezdec
ridge	hřbet
ridicule	výsměch
ridiculed	zděšený
ridiculous	směšný
riding	jezdectví
rife	hojný
riff	riff
riffraff	lůza
rifle	puška
rifleman	střelec
rifles	pušky
rift	trhlina
rig	zařízení
rigged	vybavené
rigging	lanoví
right	že jo
righteous	spravedlivý
righteousness	spravedlnost
rightful	oprávněné
rightly	správně
righty	správně
rigid	tuhé
rigidity	tuhost
rigor	přísnost
rigorous	rigorózní
rim	okraj
rind	kůra
ring	prsten
ringer	vyzvánění
ringing	zvonění
ringleader	vůdce
ringmaster	ringmaster
ringside	první řada
rink	kluziště
rinse	opláchněte
riot	nepokoj
rioting	nepokoje
riotous	hýřivý
riots	nepokoje
rip	rip
riparian	pobřežní
ripe	zralý
ripen	dozrát
ripening	zrání
ripper	trhací stroj
ripple	vlnění
rippling	vlnění
rise	vzestup
rising	stoupající
risk	riziko
risky	riskantní
risotto	rizoto
rite	obřad
ritual	rituál
ritualistic	rituální
rival	soupeřit
rivalry	soupeření
river	řeka
riverbank	břeh řeky
riverbed	řečiště
riverboat	říční člun
rivet	nýt
riveted	nýtované
riveting	nýtování
roach	plotice
road	silnice
roadblock	zátaras
roadhouse	roadhouse
roadie	roadie
roadrage	NO TRANSLATION
roadrunner	roadrunner
roads	silnic
roadside	na silnici
roadster	roadster
roadtrip	roadtrip
roadway	vozovka
roadworks	silniční práce
roam	toulat se
roar	řev
roaring	řvoucí
roast	pečeně
roasted	opečený
rob	okrást
robber	lupič
robbery	loupež
robe	župan
robin	červenka
robot	robot
robotic	robotické
robotics	robotika
robust	robustní
roc	roc
rock	Skála
rocker	rocker
rocket	raketa
rocks	skály
rod	tyč
rodent	hlodavec
rodeo	rodeo
roe	jikry
rogue	darebák
role	role
roll	válec
roller	váleček
rollercoaster	horská dráha
rollers	válečky
rollicking	veselý
rolling	válcování
roman	římský
romance	romantika
romantic	romantický
romanticism	romantismus
romp	dovádění
roof	střecha
rooftop	střechu
rook	havran
rookie	nováčik
room	pokoj, místnost
roomful	pokojný
roommate	spolubydlící
rooms	pokoje
roomy	prostorný
roost	hřad
rooster	kohout
root	vykořenit
root beer	kořenové pivo
rooted	zakořeněné
rope	lano
ropes	lana
rosary	růženec
rose	růže
rosemary	rozmarýnu
rosette	růžice
roster	seznam
rosy	růžový
rot	trouchnivění
rota	rota
rotary	rotační
rotate	točit se
rotation	otáčení
rote	rote
rotor	rotor
rotten	shnilý
rotting	hnilobou
rotunda	rotunda
rouge	rouge
rough	hrubý
roughly	zhruba
roughneck	brutální
roughness	drsnost
roulette	ruleta
round	kolo
roundabout	kruhový objezd
rounded	zaoblený
roundup	zátah
rouse	probudit
rouser	rouser
rousing	vzrušení
rout	rout
route	trasa
routine	rutinní
rove	potulovat se
rover	rover
roving	roving
row	řádek
rowboat	loďka
rowdy	hlučný
rowing	veslování
royal	královský
royalty	royalty
rub	třít
rubber	guma
rubbers	kaučuky
rubbing	tření
rubbish	odpadky
rubble	suť
rubdown	rubdown
rubric	rubrika
ruby	rubín
ruckus	ruckus
rudder	kormidlo
ruddy	rudý
rude	hrubý
rudeness	hrubost
rudimentary	základní
rudiments	základy
rue	litovat
rueful	žalostný
ruff	ruff
ruffian	surovec
ruffle	volán
rug	koberec
rugby	ragby
rugged	robustní
ruin	zřícenina
ruination	ruinování
ruined	zničený
ruinous	zničující
ruins	ruiny
rule	pravidlo
ruler	pravítko
ruling	vládnoucí
rum	rum
rumba	rumba
rumble	rachot
rummage	rumáž
rumor	pověst
rumored	rumored
rump	kýta
rumpus	povyk
run	běh
runaround	runaround
runaway	utéct
rundown	Rundown
runes	runy
rung	rung
runner	běžec
running	běh
running shoes	běžecké boty
runny	runny
runt	NO TRANSLATION
runway	přistávací dráha
rupture	prasknutí
rural	venkovský
ruse	NO TRANSLATION
rush	spěch
rushing	spěchá
rust	rez
rusted	zrezivělý
rustic	rustikální
rustle	šustění
rustler	rustler
rusty	rezavý
rut	říje
ruth	ruth
ruthless	nemilosrdný
rye	žito
sabbatical	sabbatical
saber	NO TRANSLATION
sable	sable
sabotage	sabotovat
saboteur	sabotér
sac	vak
sack	pytel
sacrament	svátost
sacred	posvátný
sacrifice	oběť
sacrifices	oběti
sacrificial	obětní
sacrilege	svatokrádež
sacrilegious	svatokrádežný
sad	smutný
sadday	NO TRANSLATION
saddens	saddens
saddle	sedlo
sadist	sadista
sadistic	sadistický
sadly	smutně
sadness	smutek
safari	safari
safe	bezpečný
safeguard	bezpečnost
safekeeping	úschova
safety	bezpečnost
saffron	šafrán
sag	seg
saga	sága
sage	šalvěj
saggy	sggy
sail	plachta
sailboat	plachetnice
sailing	plachtění
sailor	námořník
saint	svatý
sainted	posvěcený
saintly	svatý
sake	saké
salad	salát
salamander	mlok
salami	salám
salary	plat
sale	Prodej
salesgirl	salesgirl
salesman	prodavač
salient	významný
saline	solný
saliva	sliny
sally	výpad
salmon	losos
salmonella	Salmonella
salon	salon
saloon	salonek
salsa	salsa
salt	sůl
salted	slané
saltwater	slaná voda
salty	Slaný
salutary	blahodárný
salutation	oslovení
salute	pozdrav
salvage	zachránit
salvation	spása
salve	balzám
samba	samba
sameness	stejnost
sample	vzorek
samurai	samuraj
sanatorium	sanatorium
sanctification	posvěcení
sanctified	posvěcený
sanctify	posvětit
sanctimonious	pokrytecký
sanction	sankce
sanctioned	sankcionováno
sanctity	posvátnost
sanctuary	svatyně
sanctum	sanctum
sand	písek
sandal	sandál
sandbox	pískoviště
sander	bruska
sandman	sandman
sandpaper	smirkový papír
sands	písky
sandstorm	písečná bouře
sandwich	sendvič
sandy	písečné
sane	rozumný
sanguine	optimistický
sanitarium	ozdravovna
sanitary	sanitární
sanitation	kanalizace
sanity	zdravý rozum
sans	NO TRANSLATION
santa	santa
sap	míza
sapiens	sapiens
sapphire	safír
sappy	sappy
sarcasm	sarkasmus
sarcastic	sarkastický
sarcoma	sarkom
sarcophagus	sarkofág
sardine	sardinka
sardonic	sardonický
sarsaparilla	sarsaparilla
sash	křídlo
sashimi	sashimi
sassafras	sassafras
sassy	drzý
satanic	satanské
satchel	aktovka
sate	NO TRANSLATION
satellite	družice
satin	satén
satire	satira
satirical	satirické
satisfaction	spokojenost
satisfactorily	uspokojivě
satisfactory	uspokojivý
satisfied	spokojený
satisfy	uspokojit
satisfying	uspokojující
saturate	saturovat
saturated	nasycený
saturation	nasycení
satyr	satyr
sauce	omáčka
saucepan	pánev
saucer	podšálek
saucy	slavný
sauerkraut	kysané zelí
sauna	sauna
sausage	klobása
savage	divoký
savagery	divokost
savanna	savana
savannah	savana
savant	sevant
save	Uložit
saver	spořič
saving	úspora
savings	úspory
savior	zachránce
savor	vychutnat
savory	pikantní
savvy	důvtipný
saw	viděl
sawdust	piliny
sawmill	pila
sax	saxofon
saxophone	saxofon
say	říci
sayonara	NO TRANSLATION
scab	strup
scabbard	pochva
scaffold	lešení
scaffolding	lešení
scalding	opalování
scale	měřítko
scales	váhy
scallop	lastura
scalp	skalp
scalpel	skalpel
scaly	šupinatý
scam	podvod
scamp	scamp
scampi	scampi
scan	skenovat
scandal	skandál
scandalous	skandální
scanner	skener
scanty	sporý
scape	upláchnout
scapegoat	obětní beránek
scar	jizva
scarab	scarab
scarce	vzácný
scarcely	sotva
scarcity	nedostatek
scare	vyděsit
scarecrow	strašáka
scared	strach
scares	děsí
scarf	šátek
scarier	strašidelné
scariest	nejstrašidelnější
scarlet	šarlatová
scary	děsivé
scat	scat
scatter	rozptyl
scattered	rozptýlené
scattering	rozptylu
scavenger	mrchožrout
scenario	scénář
scene	scéna
scenery	scenérie
scenic	scénický
scent	vůně
scented	vůně
scepter	žezlo
sceptical	skeptický
scepticism	skepticismus
schadenfreude	schadenfreude
schedule	plán
schematic	schéma
scheme	systém
schilling	schilling
schism	rozkol
schizophrenia	schizofrenie
schizophrenic	schizofrenní
schlep	schlep
schmuck	NO TRANSLATION
schnapps	schnapps
schnitzel	řízek
scholar	učenec
scholarly	vědecké
scholarship	stipendium
scholastic	scholastika
school	škola
schoolboy	školák
schoolgirl	školačka
schoolhouse	školní budova
schooling	vyučování
schoolmaster	učitel
schoolteacher	NO TRANSLATION
schoolwork	školní práce
schoolyard	školní dvůr
schooner	škuner
sciatica	ischias
science	Věda
scientific	vědecký
scientist	vědec
scifi	scifi
scintilla	NO TRANSLATION
scintillating	scintilační
scintillation	scintilací
scintillator	scintilátor
scion	scion
scissors	nůžky
scoff	posměch
scold	nadávat
scolding	plísnění
scone	buchtička
scoop	lopatka
scoot	skákání
scooter	koloběžka
scope	rozsah
scorch	sežehnout
scorching	spálení
score	skóre
scoreboard	srovnávací tabulka
scorer	střelec
scores	skóre
scorn	opovržení
scorned	pohrdli
scornful	pohrdavý
scorpion	Štír
scotch	skotská
scoundrel	ničema
scour	čistit
scourge	metla
scout	skaut
scowl	mračit
scrabble	hrabat
scram	scram
scramble	zkratka
scrambled	zkrácený
scrambler	scrambler
scrambling	skřípání
scrap	šrot
scrapbook	scrapbook
scrape	škrábanec
scrapie	scrapie
scraping	škrábání
scrappy	útržkovitý
scratch	poškrábat
scratchy	poškrábaný
scrawny	vychrtlý
scream	výkřik
screamer	řváč
screaming	ječící
screech	pištění
screen	obrazovka
screening	promítání
screenplay	scénář
screenwriter	scénárista
screw	šroub
screwball	screwball
screwdriver	šroubovák
screwed	šroubované
screwy	špinavé
screwyou	NO TRANSLATION
scribble	čmáranice
scribe	písař
scrimmage	scrimmage
scrip	mošna
script	skript
scriptural	biblický
scripture	bible
scroll	svitek
scrotum	šourek
scrounge	žebrat
scrounger	scrounger
scrub	drhnout
scruffy	ošumělý
scrumptious	chutný
scrupulous	skeptický
scrutinize	zkoumat
scrutiny	kontrola
scuba	potápění
scuff	odřeniny
scuffle	převléknout
scullery	kuchařka
sculptor	sochař
sculpture	sochařství
sculptured	sochařství
scum	špína
scumbag	špinavý
scurry	zběsile
scurvy	kurděje
scuttle	scuttle
sea	moře
seaboard	pobřeží
seafood	plody moře
seagull	racek
seal	těsnění
seals	těsnění
seam	šev
seaman	námořník
seamless	bezešvý
seamstress	švadlena
seaport	námořní přístav
sear	spálit
search	Vyhledávání
searching	vyhledávání
searchlight	světlomet
seared	pálené
seashore	pobřeží
seasick	mořský
seaside	pobřeží
season	sezóna
seasonal	sezónní
seasoned	ostřílený
seasoning	koření
seat	sedadlo
seatbelt	bezpečnostní pás
seating	místa k sezení
seawater	mořská voda
seaweed	Mořská řasa
sec	sec
secession	secese
secluded	na samotě
seclusion	ústraní
second	druhý
second cousin	druhý bratranec
secondary	sekundární
secondhand	z druhé ruky
secrecy	tajemství
secret	tajný
secretariat	sekretariát
secretary	tajemník
secrete	vylučovat
secretion	vylučování
secretive	tajnůstkářský
secretly	tajně
sect	sekta
sectarian	sektářský
section	sekce
sectional	průřezové
sector	sektor
secular	světský
secularism	sekularismus
secure	zajistit
securities	cenné papíry
security	bezpečnostní
sedan	NO TRANSLATION
sedate	usedlý
sedation	sedace
sedative	sedativní
sedentary	sedavý
sedge	ostřice
sediment	usazenina
sedimentary	sedimentární
sedition	pobuřování
seduce	svést
seducer	svůdce
seducing	svádění
seduction	svádění
seductive	svůdný
see	vidět
seed	semínko
seedling	sazenice
seeds	semen
seedy	seedy
seek	hledat
seeker	hledač
seem	zdát se
seemingly	zdánlivě
seer	vidět
seesaw	houpačka
seething	klouzání
segment	segment
segregate	oddělit
segregated	segregované
segregation	segregace
seismic	seismické
seize	zabavit se
seizure	záchvat
seldom	zřídka
select	vybrat
selection	výběr
selective	selektivní
selectman	selectman
selenium	selen
self	já
selfharm	NO TRANSLATION
selfish	sobecký
selfishness	sobectví
selfless	nesobecký
selflove	NO TRANSLATION
selfworth	NO TRANSLATION
sell	prodat
seller	prodejce
sellout	prodat
seltzer	minerálka
semantics	sémantika
semaphore	semafor
semblance	zdání
semen	sperma
semester	semestr
semi	pol
semiautomatic	NO TRANSLATION
semicolon	středník
seminal	seminární
seminar	seminář
seminary	seminář
semiotics	sémiotiky
senate	senát
senator	senátor
send	poslat
sender	odesílatel
senescence	stárnutí
senile	senilní
senior	senior
seniority	seniority
senor	senor
senorita	senorita
sensation	pocit
sensational	senzační
sense	smysl
senseless	nesmyslný
senses	smysly
sensibility	citlivost
sensible	rozumný
sensibly	rozumně
sensitive	citlivý
sensitivity	citlivost
sensor	senzor
sensory	smyslové
sensual	smyslný
sensuality	smyslnost
sensuous	smyslný
sentence	věta
sentencing	odsouzení
sentient	cítící
sentiment	sentiment
sentimental	sentimentální
sentimentality	sentimentalita
sentinel	stráž
sentry	hlídka
separable	oddělitelný
separate	samostatný
separately	odděleně
separation	oddělení
separatist	separatista
sepia	sépie
sepsis	sepse
sept	září
septic	septický
septum	septum
sequel	pokračování
sequence	sekvence
sequent	následující
sequestered	oddělený
sequestration	sekvestrace
serenade	serenáda
serendipity	serendipity
serene	klidný
serenity	klid
sergeant	seržant
serial	seriál
serialize	serializovat
series	série
serif	serif
serious	vážně
seriousness	vážnost
sermon	kázání
serpent	had
serpentine	serpentin
serrated	zoubkovaný
serum	sérum
servant	služebník
serve	sloužit
server	server
service	servis
serviceable	servisní
servile	servilní
servitude	otroctví
sesame	sezam
sess	NO TRANSLATION
session	zasedání
sessions	zasedání
set	soubor
setback	nezdar
sett	NO TRANSLATION
setter	setter
settle	usadit
settled	usadil se
settlement	vyrovnání
settler	osadník
settlor	setlor
setup	založit
seven	sedm
seventeen	sedmnáct
seventh	sedmý
seventy	sedmdesát
sever	sever
severable	oddělitelné
severally	samostatně
severance	odloučení
severe	těžké
severely	vážně
severity	vážnost
sew	šít
sewage	kanalizace
sewer	kanalizace
sewerage	kanalizace
sewing	šití
sex	sex
sexist	sexist
sexual	sexuální
sexuality	sexualita
sexy	sexy
shabby	ošouchaný
shack	chatrč
shackle	zavěšení
shade	odstín
shades	odstíny
shading	stínování
shadow	stín
shadowy	shadowy
shady	stinné
shaft	hřídel
shag	shag
shaggy	shaggy
shake	otřást
shakedown	shakedown
shaken	otřáslo se
shaker	shaker
shaking	chvění
shaky	nejistý
shall	musí
shallow	mělký
shallows	mělké
sham	falešný
shaman	šaman
shambles	hromadí
shame	ostuda
shamed	falešné
shameful	hanebný
shameless	nestydatý
shampoo	šampon
shanghai	šanghaj
shank	stopka
shanty	chatrč
shape	tvar
shapely	urostlý
shard	střep
share	podíl
shareholder	akcionář
sharing	sdílení
shark	žralok
sharp	ostrý
sharpen	ostřejší
sharpened	zaostřeno
sharpener	ořezávátko
sharpness	ostrost
sharpshooter	ostrostřelec
shatter	roztříštit
shattered	rozbité
shattering	rozbití
shave	holit
shaver	holicí strojek
shaving	holení
shawl	šátek
sheaf	snop
shear	stříhat
shears	nůžky
sheath	pochva
sheathing	opláštění
shed	kůlna
sheen	lesk
sheep	ovce
sheepdog	ovčák
sheepish	rozpačitý
sheer	naprostý
sheet	list
sheik	šejk
shelf	police
shell	shell
shellfish	měkkýšů
shelling	ostřelování
shelter	přístřeší
sheltered	chráněné
shelters	úkryty
shelved	odloženo
shepherd	pastýř
sherbet	šerbet
sheriff	šerif
sherry	sherry
shield	štít
shift	posun
shifting	posunutí
shifty	shifty
shilling	šilink
shimmer	lesk
shimmering	třpytivý
shimmy	košilka
shin	holeň
shindig	shindig
shine	lesk
shiner	shiner
shingle	šindel
shining	zářící
shiny	lesklý
ship	loď
shipment	náklad
shipping	Lodní doprava
shipshape	shiphape
shipwreck	vrak
shipyard	loděnice
shire	hrabství
shirt	košile
shit	hovno
shitday	NO TRANSLATION
shitfaced	shitfaced
shithead	shithead
shitless	bezvýrazný
shitload	shitload
shittest	NO TRANSLATION
shitty	na hovno
shiver	zachvění
shivering	třesoucí se
shoals	plody
shock	šokovat
shocked	šokován
shocker	ostuda
shocking	šokující
shockingly	šokující
shoddy	chatrný
shoe	boty
shoelace	tkanička
shoemaker	švec
shoes	obuv
shoeshine	boty
shook	potřásl
shoot	střílet
shooter	střelec
shooting	Střílení
shootout	rozstřel
shop	prodejna
shopkeeper	vedoucí prodejny
shoplifter	stíhač
shoplifting	shoplifting
shopper	zákazník
shopping	nakupování
shore	pobřeží
shoreline	pobřeží
shorn	ostré
short	krátký
short story	krátký příběh
shortage	nedostatek
shortcake	shortcake
shortcoming	nedostatek
shortcut	zkratka
shorten	zkrátit
shortening	zkrácení
shorthand	těsnopis
shortly	krátce
shortness	zkratka
shorts	šortky
shortstop	krátké zastavení
shortwave	krátkovlnný
shot	výstřel
shotgun	brokovnice
shoulder	rameno
shout	křičet
shove	shove
shovel	lopata
shoveling	shoveling
show	show
showbiz	showbiz
showboat	showboat
showcase	vitrína
showdown	showdown
shower	sprcha
showgirl	showgirl
showing	zobrazování
showoff	showoff
showroom	showroom
showy	showy
shrapnel	šrapnel
shred	drtí
shrew	shrew
shrewd	chytrý
shriek	výkřik
shrill	pronikavý
shrimp	krevety
shrine	svatyně
shrink	smršťovat
shrinking	smršťování
shrivel	svraštit
shroud	zahalit
shrub	keř
shrubbery	křovina
shrug	pokrčí rameny
shrunk	zkrácený
shrunken	scvrklý
shudder	zachvění
shuddering	otřáslo se
shuffle	zamíchat
shuffleboard	shuffleboard
shuffling	míchání
shun	shun
shunned	vyhýbala se
shunt	shunt
shut	zavřeno
shutdown	vypnout
shuteye	NO TRANSLATION
shutit	NO TRANSLATION
shutter	uzávěr
shuttle	kyvadlová doprava
shutup	NO TRANSLATION
shy	plachý
shyness	plachost
shyster	shyster
sib	NO TRANSLATION
sibling	sourozenec
sic	sic
sick	nemocný
sickbay	nemocnice
sicken	nemocný
sickening	zlobit
sickle	srp
sickly	neduživý
sickness	nemoc
side	boční
sidearm	sidearm
sidebar	bočního panelu
sideboard	příborník
sideburns	licousy
sidecar	sidecar
sidekick	sidekick
sideline	sideline
sideshow	sidehow
sidestep	úkrok
sidewalk	chodník
sideways	bokem
sidewinder	sidewinder
siege	obležení
siesta	siesta
sieve	síto
sift	prosít
sifting	prosévání
sigh	povzdech
sight	pohled
sighting	pozorování
sightseeing	prohlížení památek
sigma	sigma
sign	podepsat
signal	signál
signature	podpis
significance	význam
significant	významný
signification	význam
signify	znamenat
signpost	rozcestník
silence	umlčet
silencer	tlumič
silent	tichý
silently	tiše
silhouette	silueta
silicon	křemík
silicone	silikon
silk	hedvábí
silken	hedvábný
silky	hedvábný
sill	práh
silliness	hloupost
silly	hloupý
silo	silo
silt	bahno
silver	stříbrný
silverware	stříbro
silvery	stříbřitý
similar	podobný
similarity	podobnost
simile	NO TRANSLATION
simmer	vřít
simmering	pálení
simple	jednoduchý
simples	NO TRANSLATION
simpleton	hlupák
simplicity	jednoduchost
simplify	zjednodušit
simplistic	zjednodušující
simply	jednoduše
simulate	simulovat
simulated	simulované
simulating	simulace
simulation	simulace
simulator	simulátoru
simultaneous	simultánní
simultaneously	zároveň
sin	NO TRANSLATION
sincere	upřímný
sincerity	upřímnost
sinful	hříšný
sing	zpívat
singer	zpěvák
singing	zpěv
single	singl
singly	jednotlivě
singular	jednotné číslo
singularity	jedinečnost
singularly	zvlášť
sinister	zlověstný
sink	dřez
sinker	sinker
sinking	potopení
sinner	hříšník
sinning	hřích
sinus	sinus
sip	sip
siphon	sifon
sipping	usrkávání
sir	Vážený pane
sire	zplodit
siren	siréna
sirloin	svíčková
sissy	padavka
sister	sestra
sisterhood	sesterstvo
sit	sedět
sitcom	situační komedie
site	stránky
sith	sith
sitter	sitter
sitting	sedící
situate	situovat
situated	umístěné
situation	situace
six	šest
sixpence	šestpence
sixteen	šestnáct
sixth	šestý
sixty	šedesát
sizable	značný
size	velikost
sizzle	prskání
ska	NO TRANSLATION
skate	brusle
skateboard	skateboard
skater	bruslař
skating	bruslení
skedaddle	skluzaddle
skeet	skeet
skein	přadeno
skeletal	skeletální
skeleton	kostra
skeptic	skeptik
skeptical	skeptický
skepticism	skepticismus
sketch	skica
sketching	kreslení
sketchy	povrchní
skewed	zkosený
skewer	špíz
ski	lyže
skid	smyk
skier	lyžař
skiff	skif
skiing	lyžování
skijump	NO TRANSLATION
skill	dovednost
skilled	kvalifikovaní
skillet	pánev
skillful	dovedný
skim	skim
skimpy	skrovný
skin	kůže
skinny	hubený
skip	přeskočit
skipper	kapitán
skirmish	šarvátka
skirt	sukně
skirting	soklování
skirts	sukně
skit	parodie
skittish	skličující
skull	lebka
skunk	skunk
sky	nebe
skylight	sluneční světlo
skyline	panoráma
skyscraper	mrakodrap
slab	deska
slack	uvolnit
slag	struska
slam	slam
slammer	slammer
slander	pomlouvat
slanderous	pomlouvačný
slang	slang
slant	sklon
slap	políček
slash	lomítko
slashes	lomítka
slate	břidlice
slates	desky
slaughter	porážka
slaughterhouse	jatky
slaughtering	zabíjení
slave	otrok
slavery	otroctví
slay	zabít
slayer	vrah
sleaze	trápení
sleazy	špinavý
sled	NO TRANSLATION
sledding	sáňkování
sledge	sáně
sledgehammer	perlík
sleek	elegantní
sleep	spát
sleeper	spáč
sleeping	spací
sleepless	bezesný
sleeplessness	nespavost
sleepover	přespání
sleepy	ospalý
sleepyhead	ospalec
sleet	plískanice
sleeve	rukáv
sleeveless	bez rukávů
sleigh	sáně
sleight	skákání
slender	štíhlý
sleuth	detektiv
slice	plátek
slick	úhledný
slicker	slicker
slide	skluzavka
slider	posuvník
sliding	posuvné
slight	mírné
slight anticipation	mírné očekávání
slight disgust	mírné znechucení
slight surprise	nepatrné překvapení
slight trust	mírná důvěra
slightly	mírně
slightly negative	mírně negativní
slightly positive	mírně pozitivní
slim	štíhlý
slime	sliz
slimy	sliznatý
sling	sling
slingshot	prak
slink	slink
slinky	slinky
slip	uklouznutí
slipper	papuče
slippers	bačkory
slippery	kluzký
slit	štěrbina
sliver	sliver
slob	flákač
slobber	slintání
slogan	heslo
sloop	šalupa
slop	NO TRANSLATION
slope	sklon
sloppy	nedbalý
slot	slot
sloth	lenochod
slouch	slouch
slough	slough
slow	pomalý
slowly	pomalu
slowness	pomalost
sludge	kal
slug	slimák
slugger	slugger
sluggish	pomalý
sluice	stavidlo
slum	slum
slumber	spánek
slump	pokles
slur	slur
slurp	slurp
slush	rozbředlý sníh
slut	coura
slutty	slutty
sly	mazaný
smack	plácnutí
small	malý
smaller	menší
smallest	nejmenší
smallpox	neštovice
smart	chytrý
smartass	chytrák
smarten	smarten
smarty	inteligentní
smash	rozbít
smashed	rozbité
smattering	smettering
smear	nátěr
smell	čich
smelling	vonící
smelly	páchnoucí
smelt	koruška
smidgen	smidgen
smile	usměj se
smiled	usmál se
smiles	úsměvy
smiley	smajlík
smiling	usmívající se
smirk	smirk
smite	bít
smith	Kovář
smithereens	kousíčky
smitten	smetten
smock	halena
smog	smog
smoke	kouř
smoker	kuřák
smokey	smokey
smoking	kouření
smoky	zakouřený
smoldering	doutnající
smooch	smooch
smooth	hladký
smoothie	smoothie
smoothly	hladce
smoothness	hladkost
smother	udusit
smudge	zamazat
smug	samolibý
smuggle	pašovat
smuggler	pašerák
smuggling	pašování
smut	smut
snack	Svačina
snacks	občerstvení
snafu	snafu
snag	zádrhel
snags	snags
snail	hlemýžď
snake	had
snakes	hadi
snakeskin	snakeskin
snap	snap
snapper	snapper
snappy	elegantní
snapshot	momentka
snare	snare
snarl	vrčet
snarling	zavrčel
snatch	úryvek
snatcher	únosce
snazzy	snazzy
sneak	žalobníček
sneaker	teniska
sneakers	tenisky
sneaking	plakat
sneaky	záludný
sneer	úšklebek
sneeze	kýchnutí
sneezing	kýchání
snicker	hihňání
snide	sarkastický
sniff	čichat
snip	stříhat
snipe	útočit
sniper	odstřelovač
snippet	fragmentu
snippy	ústřižkový
snitch	práskač
snob	snob
snoop	snoop
snoopy	snoopy
snooty	snooty
snooze	podřimovat
snore	chrápání
snorkel	šnorchl
snort	šňupat
snot	sopel
snotty	arogantní
snout	čenich
snow	sníh
snowball	sněhová koule
snowboard	snowboard
snowboarder	snowboardista
snowday	snowday
snowfall	sněžení
snowflake	sněhová vločka
snowing	sněžení
snowmageddon	snowmageddon
snowman	sněhulák
snowplow	sněžný pluh
snowstorm	chumelenice
snowy	zasněžený
snub	snub
snubbed	vyčerpaný
snuff	šňupací tabák
snug	pohodlný
snuggle	přitulit se
snuggled	přitahoval
snuggles	trápení
snuggling	trápení
soak	namočit
soaked	namočený
soaking	namáčení
soangry	NO TRANSLATION
soannoyed	NO TRANSLATION
soap	mýdlo
soapbox	soapbox
soapy	mýdlové
soar	stoupat
soaring	stoupající
sob	NO TRANSLATION
sober	střízlivý
soblessed	NO TRANSLATION
sobriety	střízlivost
soc	soc
soccer	fotbal
sociable	společenský
social	sociální
socialanxiety	NO TRANSLATION
socialism	socialismus
socialist	socialista
socialite	prominent
socialize	socializovat
society	společnost
sociology	sociologie
sociopath	sociopath
sock	ponožka
socket	zásuvka
sod	drn
soda	soda
soda/pop	soda / pop
sodding	sodování
sodium	sodík
sofa	gauč
soft	měkký
softball	softball
soften	změkčit
softener	změkčovač
softening	měknutí
softly	měkce
softness	měkkost
software	software
soggy	mokrý
sohappy	tak šťastný
soil	půda
soiled	znečištěné
soiree	večírek
sojourn	pobyt
solace	útěcha
solar	sluneční
solarium	solárium
solder	pájka
soldering	pájení
soldier	voják
sole	jediný
solemn	slavnostní
solicit	požádat
solicitation	poptávka
solicitor	advokát
solid	pevný
solidarity	solidarita
solidification	tuhnutí
solidified	ztuhlé
solidify	ztuhnout
solidity	pevnost
solitaire	solitér
solitary	osamělý
solitude	samota
solo	sólo
solubility	rozpustnost
soluble	rozpustný
solucky	tak šťastný
solution	řešení
solve	řešit
solvency	platební schopnost
solvent	solventní
somad	NO TRANSLATION
somatic	somatická
somber	somber
some anticipation	nějaké očekávání
some disgust	některé znechucení
some surprise	nějaké překvapení
some trust	nějakou důvěru
somersault	salto
somethingigetalot	NO TRANSLATION
somewhat negative	poněkud negativní
somewhat positive	poněkud pozitivní
somuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
son	syn
sonar	sonar
sonata	sonáta
sonervous	NO TRANSLATION
song	píseň
songwriter	písničkář
sonic	zvukový
sonice	NO TRANSLATION
sonnet	sonet
sonorous	zvučný
soot	saze
soothe	uklidnit
soothing	uklidňující
sophisticated	sofistikovaný
sophistication	sofistikovanost
sophomore	druhého ročníku
sopissed	NO TRANSLATION
soppy	rozměklý
soprano	soprán
sorcerer	kouzelník
sorcery	čarodějnictví
sordid	sordidní
sore	bolest
soready	soready
sorely	špatně
soreness	bolestivost
sorghum	ciroku
sorority	sorority
sorrow	zármutek
sorrowful	smutný
sorry	Promiňte
sort	třídění
sorter	NO TRANSLATION
sortie	NO TRANSLATION
sorting	třídění
sos	NO TRANSLATION
soscared	soscared
soscary	tak děsivé
soslow	tak pomalý
sostressed	NO TRANSLATION
sosweet	tak sladké
sothankful	NO TRANSLATION
sou	NO TRANSLATION
soul	duše
soulful	oduševnělý
soulless	bez duše
soulmate	spřízněná duše
sound	zvuk
sounding	znějící
soundness	zdravost
soundproof	zvukotěsné
soundtrack	soundtrack
soup	polévka
sour	kyselý
source	zdroj
sourpuss	sourpuss
south	jižní
southbound	na jih
southeast	jihovýchodní
southern	jižní
southpaw	levák
southwest	jihozápadní
souvenir	suvenýr
sovereign	suverénní
sovereignty	Suverenita
soviet	sovětský
sow	prasnice
soy	sója
soy sauce	sójová omáčka
soybean	sóji
spa	lázně
space	prostor
spacecraft	kosmická loď
spaceman	kosmonaut
spaceship	kosmická loď
spacing	vzdálenost
spacious	prostorný
spade	rýč
spaghetti	špagety
spam	spam
spammers	spammery
span	NO TRANSLATION
spandex	spandex
spaniel	španěl
spank	naplácat na zadek
spanking	spanking
spar	živec
spare	náhradní
spareribs	žebírka
sparingly	střídmě
spark	jiskra
sparkle	Jiskra
sparkling	šumivé
sparkly	jiskřivě
sparring	sparring
sparrow	Vrabec
sparse	špatně
spasm	křeč
spastic	spastický
spat	vyplivl
spatial	prostorový
spatter	cákanec
spatula	špachtle
spawn	potěr
spaz	spaz
speak	mluvit
speakeasy	speakeasy
speaker	mluvčí
speakerphone	hlasitý odposlech
speaking	mluvení
spear	kopí
spec	spec
special	speciální
specialist	specialista
speciality	specialita
specialize	NO TRANSLATION
specially	speciálně
specialty	specialita
specie	NO TRANSLATION
species	druh
specific	charakteristický
specification	Specifikace
specify	specifikujte
specimen	vzorek
speck	smítko
speckled	kropenatý
specs	brejle
spectacle	podívaná
spectacles	brýle
spectacular	okázalý
spectator	divák
specter	přízrak
spectral	spektrální
spectrometer	spektrometr
spectrophotometer	spektrofotometr
spectroscopy	spektroskopie
spectrum	spektrum
speculate	spekulovat
speculation	spekulace
speculative	spekulativní
speculum	spekulum
speech	mluvený projev
speechless	bezeslov
speed	Rychlost
speedboat	člunu
speedily	rychle
speeding	překročení rychlosti
speedometer	rychloměr
speedway	rychlostní rychlost
speedy	rychlý
spell	hláskovat
spellbound	okouzlený
spelling	pravopis
spencer	spencer
spend	strávit
spender	vydělat
spending	výdaje
spent	strávil
sperm	spermie
spew	spew
sphere	koule
spherical	sférické
sphincter	svěrač
sphinx	sfinga
spic	spic
spice	koření
spicy	pikantní
spider	pavouk
spiders	pavouci
spiffy	spiffy
spigot	čep
spike	špice
spiked	špičatý
spiky	ostnatý
spill	rozlít
spillin	NO TRANSLATION
spin	roztočit
spinach	špenát
spinal	spinální
spindle	vřeteno
spine	páteř
spineless	bezpáteřný
spinner	spinner
spinning	předení
spinster	stará panna
spiny	ostnatý
spiral	spirála
spire	spire
spirit	duch
spirited	temperamentní
spirits	lihoviny
spiritual	duchovní
spirituality	duchovno
spit	plivat
spite	navzdory tomu
spiteful	zlomyslný
spitfire	spitfire
spittoon	plivátko
splash	splash
splat	splat
splatter	drmolit
spleen	slezina
splendid	nádherný
splendor	nádhera
splice	splice
spline	spline
splint	dlaň
splinter	tříska
split	rozdělit
splitting	dělení
splurge	mrzutost
spoil	zkazit
spoiler	rušič vztlaku
spoiling	zkažení
spoils	kořistí
spoke	promluvil
spoken	mluvený
spokesman	mluvčí
spokesperson	tiskový mluvčí
sponge	houba na mytí
spongy	houbovitý
sponsor	sponzor
sponsorship	sponzorství
spontaneity	spontánnost
spontaneous	spontánní
spoof	spoof
spook	strašidlo
spooky	strašidelný
spool	cívka
spoon	lžíce
spoonful	lžíce
sporadic	sporadický
spore	výtrus
sport	sport
sporting	sportovní
sports	sportovní
sports car	sportovní auto
sportsman	sportovec
sportsmanship	sportovní chování
sportswriter	sportswriter
sporty	sportovní
spot	bod
spotless	neposkvrněný
spotlight	reflektor
spotted	puntíkovaný
spotter	pozorovatel
spotty	uhrovitý
spousal	manželství
spouse	manžela
spout	výtok
sprain	vymknutí
sprawl	roztahování
spray	sprej
spread	rozpětí
spreader	rozmetadlo
spree	spree
spring	jaro
springtime	jaro
sprinkle	posypat
sprinkler	sprinkler
sprinkling	kropení
sprint	sprint
sprite	skřítek
sprout	výhonek
spruce	smrk
spud	brambora
spunk	odvaha
spunky	odvážný
spur	podnět
spurious	falešné
spurred	podněcoval
spurt	vytrysknout
spy	vyzvědač
squabble	hádka
squad	družstvo
squadron	letka
squall	bouře
squamous	skvamózní
squander	rozházet
square	náměstí
squash	squash
squat	squat
squatter	squater
squaw	squaw
squawk	Squawk
squeak	kvičet
squeaky	pískat
squeal	kvílení
squealer	squealer
squeamish	squeamish
squeeze	sevření
squeezing	stlačování
squelch	squelch
squid	oliheň
squint	šilhat
squire	zeman
squirm	kroutit se
squirrel	veverka
squirt	stříkat
squish	rozmáčknout
squishy	skličující
stab	bodnout
stabbed	bodnutí
stability	stabilita
stabilize	stabilizovat
stabilizer	stabilizátor
stable	stabilní
staccato	staccato
stack	zásobník
stadium	stadión
staff	personál
stag	jelen
stage	etapa
stagecoach	dostavník
stagehand	scénář
stagger	stagger
staggering	ohromující
stagnant	stagnující
stagnation	stagnace
staid	usedlý
stain	skvrna
stained	obarvené
stainless	nerez
stair	schodiště
staircase	schodiště
stairs	schody
stairway	schodiště
stairwell	schodiště
stake	kůl
stakeout	rozcvičování
stale	zatuchlý
stalemate	patou
stalk	stonek
stalker	stalker
stall	stánek
stallion	hřebec
stalls	stánky
stalwart	oddaný
stamina	výdrž
stamp	razítko
stampede	panika
stance	postoj
stand	vydržet
standard	Standard
standardize	standardizovat
standardized	standardizováno
standby	pohotovostní
standing	stojící
standoff	odstup
standpoint	stanovisko
standstill	zastavení
standup	postav se
stanza	stanza
staph	staph
staple	staple
stapler	sešívačka
star	hvězda
star fruit	hvězdné ovoce
starboard	pravé straně
starch	škrob
stardom	sláva
stardust	hvězdný prach
stare	upřený pohled
starfish	mořská hvězdice
stargazing	stargazing
staring	zíral
stark	stark
starlet	hvězdička
starlight	světlo hvězd
starling	špaček
starry	hvězdnatý
stars	hvězdy
starship	vesmírná loď
start	Start
starter	startér
startle	polekat
startled	překvapený
startling	překvapující
starvation	hladovění
starve	vyhladovět
starved	hladovějící
starving	hladoví
stash	stash
stat	stat
state	Stát
stately	majestátní
statement	prohlášení
stateroom	statek
stateside	Stateside
statesman	státník
static	statický
staticky	NO TRANSLATION
statics	statika
station	stanice
stationary	stacionární
stationery	papírnictví
statistic	statistický
statistical	statistický
statistician	statistik
stator	stator
statuary	sochařství
statue	socha
statuette	soška
stature	postava
status	postavení
statute	statut
statutory	statutární
staunch	spolehlivý
stave	stav
stay	pobyt
stayaway	NO TRANSLATION
stayed	zůstal
stays	pobyty
stead	stead
steadfast	vytrvalý
steady	stabilní
steak	steak
steakhouse	steaková restaurace
steal	ukrást
stealing	kradení
stealth	stealth
stealthily	tajně
stealthy	kradmý
steam	parní
steamboat	parník
steamer	parník
steaming	v páře
steamroller	parní turbíny
steamship	parník
steamy	hnědý
steel	ocel
steep	strmé
steeple	kostelní věž
steer	řídit
steering	řízení
stellar	hvězdný
stem	zastavit
stench	puch
stencil	šablona
stenographer	těsnopisec
step	krok
stepdaughter	nevlastní dcera
stepfather	nevlastní otec
stepmother	nevlastní matka
steppe	step
steps	kroky
stepson	nevlastní syn
stereo	stereo
stereoscopic	stereoskopický
stereotype	stereotyp
stereotyped	stereotypní
sterile	sterilní
sterility	sterilitu
sterilize	sterilizovat
sterling	sterling
stern	záď
sternum	hrudní kosti
steroid	steroid
stethoscope	stetoskop
stew	dusit
steward	stevard
stewardess	letuška
stewardship	správcovství
stfu	stfu
stick	lepit
sticker	nálepka
sticking	lepení
stickler	puntičkář
stickup	stickup
sticky	lepkavý
stiff	tuhý
stiffen	ztuhnout
stiffness	ztuhlost
stifle	potlačit
stifled	potlačena
stifling	potlačující
stigma	stigma
stile	NO TRANSLATION
stiletto	dýka
stillbirth	mrtvý
stillborn	mrtvě narozený
stillness	klid
stillwaiting	stále čekám
stilts	chůdách
stimulant	povzbuzující
stimulate	stimulovat
stimulating	stimulující
stimulation	stimulace
stimulus	podnět
sting	bodnutí
stinger	stinger
stinging	bodnutí
stingy	lakomý
stink	smrad
stinker	dřina
stinking	páchnoucí
stinky	stinky
stint	stint
stipend	stipendium
stipulate	stanovit
stipulation	ustanovení
stir	míchat
stirring	míchání
stitch	steh
stitching	šití
stock	skladem
stockade	palisáda
stockbroker	makléř
stockholder	akcionář
stocking	punčocha
stockings	punčochy
stockpile	zásoby
stockroom	sklad
stocks	zásob
stoic	stoický
stole	ukradl
stolen	ukradený
stomach	žaludek
stomachache	bolení břicha
stomp	dupat
stomped	stomped
stone	kámen
stoned	s kamenem
stonewall	kamenná zeď
stoneware	kamenina
stony	kamenný
stooge	panák
stool	stolice
stools	stolice
stoop	sehnout
stoopid	stoopid
stop	stop
stopover	mezipřistání
stoppage	přerušení
stopper	zátka
stopping	zastavení
stopwatch	stopky
storage	úložný prostor
store	obchod
storefront	výklad
storehouse	skladiště
storeroom	sklad
storing	ukládání
storm	bouřka
storming	bouří
stormy	bouřlivý
story	příběh
storybook	příběh
storyteller	příběh
storytelling	vyprávění
stound	loupež
stout	tlustý
stove	kamna
stow	stow
stowaway	černý pasažér
straddle	straddle
straight	rovný
straighten	narovnat
straightforward	přímý
straightway	hned
strain	kmen
strained	napjaté
strait	úžina
straitjacket	svěrací kazajka
straits	úžiny
strand	pramen
stranded	pruhovaný
strange	podivný
stranger	cizinec
strangle	uškrtit
strangulation	uškrcení
strap	popruh
strapless	bez ramínek
strapping	páskování
strata	vrstvy
strategic	strategický
strategist	stratég
strategy	strategie
stratification	stratifikace
stratosphere	stratosféra
stratum	vrstva
stratus	oblak
straw	sláma
strawberry	jahoda
stray	zbloudil
streak	pruh
streaked	pruhovaný
stream	proud
streamer	stuha
streaming	streaming
streamline	usměrnit
street	ulice
streetcar	tramvaj
streetlight	pouliční osvětlení
strength	síla
strengthen	posílit
strengthening	posílení
strenuous	namáhavý
strep	strep
stress	stres
stressed	zdůraznil
stresses	zdůrazňuje
stressfree	NO TRANSLATION
stressful	stresující
stressin	NO TRANSLATION
stressing	stresování
stressrelief	NO TRANSLATION
stretch	protáhnout se
stretcher	nosítka
stricken	zasažen
strict	přísný
stride	krok
strife	svár
strike	stávka
strikeout	strikeout
striker	útočník
striking	překvapující
strikingly	nápadně
string	řetězec
strings	řetězce
stringy	vláknitý
strip	pás
stripe	proužek
striped	pruhovaný
stripped	zbavený
stripper	striptérka
striptease	striptýz
strive	usilovat
strobe	strobe
stroke	mrtvice
stroll	procházka
stroller	dětský kočárek
strolling	procházka
strong	silný
stronghold	pevnost
strongly	silně
structural	strukturální
structure	struktura
strudel	jablečný závin
struggle	boj
strut	strut
stub	pahýl
stubbed	stubbed
stubble	strniště
stubborn	tvrdohlavý
stubbornness	tvrdohlavost
stubby	stubby
stucco	štukové
stuck	uvízl
stuckup	NO TRANSLATION
stud	stud
studded	posedlý
student	student
studied	studoval
studio	studio
study	studie
stuff	věci
stuffed animal	vycpané zvíře
stuffing	nádivka
stuffy	ucpaný
stumble	klopýtnutí
stump	pahýl
stumped	padající
stun	omráčit
stunned	ohromen
stunner	stunner
stunning	ohromující
stunt	zakrnět
stunted	zakrnělý
stuntman	kaskadér
stupefaction	úžas
stupefy	stupení
stupendous	úžasné
stupid	hloupý
stupidity	hloupost
stupidpeople	NO TRANSLATION
stupidrain	NO TRANSLATION
stupor	otupělost
sturdy	solidní
sturgeon	jeseter
stutter	koktat
sty	stylu
style	styl
styling	styling
stylish	stylový
stylist	stylista
suave	zdvořilý
sub	sub
subatomic	subatomická
subcommittee	podvýbor
subconscious	podvědomý
subcutaneous	podkožní
subdivide	dále dělit
subdivision	pododdělení
subduction	subdukce
subdue	podmanit
subdued	tlumené
subdural	subdural
subito	NO TRANSLATION
subject	předmět
subjected	podroben
subjection	podrobení
subjective	subjektivní
subjugation	podřízení
sublet	podnájem
sublevel	sublevel
sublimation	sublimace
sublime	sublimovat
subliminal	subliminal
submarine	ponorka
submerge	ponoření
submerged	ponořený
submersible	ponorné
submission	podání
submissive	poslušný
submit	Předložit
submitting	odesílání
subordinate	podřízený
subordination	podřízení
subplot	subplot
subpoena	předvolání
subscribe	předplatit
subscriber	odběratel
subscription	předplatné
subsequence	subsekvence
subsequent	následující
subsequently	následně
subservient	servilní
subset	podmnožina
subside	ubývat
subsidence	pokles
subsidiary	dceřiná společnost
subsidize	dotace
subsidy	dotace
subsist	trvat
subsistence	živobytí
subsoil	podloží
subspace	subspace
substance	látka
substandard	nevyhovující
substantial	podstatné
substantially	podstatně
substantiate	zdůvodnit
substantive	věcné
substation	rozvodny
substitute	náhradní
substituted	substituované
substitution	substituce
substructure	spodní konstrukce
subterranean	podzemní
subtext	podtext
subtitle	titulky
subtle	jemné
subtlety	jemnost
subtract	odčítat
subtraction	odčítání
subtype	podtyp
suburb	předměstí
suburban	předměstský
suburbia	předměstí
suburbs	předměstí
subversion	podvracení
subversive	podvratný
subvert	subvert
subway	metro
succeed	povést se
succeeding	uspět
success	úspěch
successful	úspěšný
succession	posloupnost
successive	postupně
successor	nástupce
succinct	stručně
succubus	succubus
succulent	sukulentní
succumb	podlehnout
suck	sát
sucker	zelenáč
sucking	sání
suckling	kojení
sucks	sucks
suction	sání
sudden	náhlý
suddenly	Najednou
suds	pěny
sue	Žalovat
suede	semiš
suffer	trpět
sufferer	trpící
suffering	utrpení
suffice	stačit
sufficiency	dostatečnost
sufficient	dostatečný
sufficiently	dostatečně
suffix	přípona
suffocate	udusit se
suffocating	dusivý
suffocation	udušení
sugar	cukr
suggest	navrhnout
suggestion	návrh
suggestive	sugestivní
suicidal	sebevražedný
suicide	sebevražda
suicidebombing	NO TRANSLATION
suit	oblek
suitable	vhodný
suitcase	kufr
suite	suite
suitor	nápadník
sulfate	síran
sulfur	síra
sulk	trucovat
sullen	Sullen
sully	Srdce
sulphur	síra
sultan	sultán
sultry	dusný
sum	součet
summarily	souhrnně
summarize	shrnout
summary	souhrn
summation	součet
summer	letní
summerhouse	letní dům
summertime	léto
summit	summit
summon	předvolat
summons	předvolání
sumo	sumo
sump	jímka
sumptuous	luxusní
sun	slunce
sunbeam	sluneční paprsek
sunburn	úžeh
sundae	zmrzlinový pohár
sunday	Neděle
sundial	sluneční hodiny
sundown	západ slunce
sundry	různé
sunflower	slunečnice
sunglass	sluneční brýle
sunglasses	sluneční brýle
sunk	potopen
sunken	potopen
sunless	bez slunce
sunlight	slunečním světlem
sunny	slunný
sunrise	svítání
sunroof	střešní okno
sunscreen	opalovací krém
sunset	západ slunce
sunshine	Sluneční svit
suntan	opálení
sunup	východ slunce
sup	sup
super	super
superannuation	superannuation
superb	nádherný
superficial	povrchní
superfluous	nadbytečný
superhero	super hrdina
superhuman	nadlidský
superimposed	překrývá
superintendent	veliteli
superior	nadřízený
superiority	nadřazenost
superlative	superlativ
superman	superman
supermarket	supermarket
supermodel	supermodel
supernatant	supernatant
supernatural	nadpřirozený
supernova	supernova
superposition	superpozice
superpower	supervelmoc
supersede	nahrazují
superstar	superstar
superstition	pověra
superstitious	pověrčivý
superstore	superstore
supervise	dohlížet
supervision	dozor
supervisor	dozorce
supper	večeře
suppertime	večeře
supplant	nahradit
supple	pružný
supplement	doplněk
supplemental	doplňkové
supplementary	doplňkový
supplication	prosba
supplier	dodavatele
supplies	spotřebního materiálu
supply	zásobování
support	Podpěra, podpora
supported	podporovány
supporter	příznivce
supporters	příznivců
supporting	vedlejší
supportive	podporující
suppose	předpokládat
supposed	předpokládané
supposing	předpokládat
supposition	předpoklad
suppress	potlačit
suppression	potlačení
supremacy	svrchovanost
supreme	nejvyšší
supremely	nadměrně
surcharge	příplatek
sure	Tak určitě
surety	záruka
surf	surfovat
surface	povrch
surfboard	surf
surfer	surfer
surge	nárůst
surgeon	chirurg
surgery	chirurgická operace
surgical	chirurgický
surly	nevrlý
surmise	domněnka
surname	příjmení
surpassing	překonávání
surplus	přebytek
surprise	překvapení
surprised	překvapený
surprises	překvapení
surprising	překvapující
surprisingly	překvapivě
surreal	nadreálný
surrender	kapitulace
surrendering	vzdání se
surrogate	náhrada
surround	surround
surrounding	okolní
surroundings	okolí
surveillance	dohled
survey	průzkum
surveying	geodetické práce
surveyor	zeměměřič
survival	přežití
survive	přežít
surviving	přežívající
survivor	Pozůstalý
susceptibility	citlivost
susceptible	citlivý
sushi	sushi
suspect	tušit
suspected	podezření
suspend	pozastavit
suspended	pozastaveno
suspenders	podvazky
suspense	napětí
suspension	suspenze
suspicion	podezření
suspicions	podezření
suspicious	podezřelý
sustain	udržet
sustained	trvalé
sustenance	výživa
suture	steh
suv	suv
sux	sux
swab	tampon
swag	lup
swagger	naparování
swallow	polykat
swami	swami
swamp	bažina
swamped	bažen
swampy	bažinatý
swan	labuť
swank	vychloubání
swap	swap
swarm	roj
swarming	rojení
swastika	svastika
swat	S.W.A.T
sway	houpat
swear	přísahat
swearing	přísahám
sweat	potit se
sweater	svetr
sweating	pocení
sweatshirt	mikina
sweatshop	cukrárna
sweaty	zpocený
sweep	zametat
sweeper	zametač
sweeping	zametání
sweet	sladký
sweeten	osladit
sweetened	slazené
sweetener	sladidlo
sweetest	nejsladší
sweetheart	miláček
sweetie	zlatíčko
sweetness	sladkost
sweets	cukroví
swell	bobtnání
swelling	otok
sweltering	bobtnání
swerve	říznout
swift	rychlý
swiftly	rychle
swig	lok
swill	pomyje
swim	plavat
swimmer	plavec
swimming	plavání
swimsuit	plavky
swindle	podvod
swindler	podvodník
swine	svině
swing	houpačka
swinger	swinger
swinging	houpající se
swipe	výpad
swirl	vír
swish	svištění
switch	přepínač
switchblade	přepínač
switchboard	rozvaděč
swivel	otočit
swollen	oteklý
swoon	omdlít
swoop	přepadnout
sword	meč
swordfish	mečoun
swordplay	šerm
swordsman	šermíř
sycamore	klen
syllable	slabika
syllabus	syllabus
symbiotic	symbiotické
symbol	symbol
symbolic	symbolický
symbolically	symbolicky
symbolism	symbolismus
symbolize	symbolizovat
symmetric	symetrický
symmetrical	symetrický
symmetry	symetrie
sympathetic	soucitný
sympathize	sympatizovat
sympathy	sympatie
symphonic	symfonický
symphony	symfonie
symposium	symposium
symptom	příznak
symptomatic	symptomatická
synagogue	synagoga
synapse	synapse
synaptic	synaptický
sync	synchronizace
synchronize	synchronizovat
synchronous	synchronní
syncope	synkopa
syndicate	syndikát
syndrome	syndrom
synergistic	synergický
synergy	synergie
synod	synod
synonym	synonymum
synonymous	synonymní
synopsis	synopse
synoptic	synoptický
syntax	syntax
synthesis	syntéza
synthesizer	syntetizér
synthetic	syntetický
syphilis	syfilis
syringe	stříkačka
syrup	sirup
system	Systém
systematic	systematický
systematically	systematicky
t-shirt	tričko
tab	záložka
tabasco	Tabasco
tabby	mourek
tabernacle	svatostánek
table	stůl
tableau	NO TRANSLATION
tablecloth	ubrus
tablespoon	lžíce
tablet	tableta
tableware	stolní nádobí
tabloid	bulvár
taboo	tabu
tabular	tabelární
tabulate	tabelovat
tabulation	tabulka
tachometer	tachometr
tacit	tichý
tack	připínáček
tackle	řešit
tackled	řešeno
tackling	řešení problémů
tacky	lepkavý
taco	taco
tact	takt
tactful	taktní
tactic	taktika
tactical	taktický
tactics	taktika
tactile	taktilní
tad	NO TRANSLATION
tadpole	pulec
taffeta	taft
taffy	karamela
tag	štítek
tail	ocas
tailed	tailed
tailgate	zadní dveře
tailings	hlušiny
taillight	zadní světlo
tailor	Krejčí
tailoring	krejčovství
tailpipe	výfuku
taint	poskvrnit
take	vzít
takeoff	vzlétnout
takeout	takeout
takeover	převzít
taker	taker
talcum	mastek
tale	příběh
talent	talent
talented	talentovaný
talisman	talisman
talk	mluvit
talkative	hovorný
talker	mluvka
tall	vysoký
tallies	shromáždění
tallow	lůj
tally	shoda
talon	dráp
talons	NO TRANSLATION
tambourine	tamburína
tame	NO TRANSLATION
tamer	tamer
taming	zkrocení
tamper	manipulovat
tampon	tampon
tan	opálení
tandem	tandem
tang	tang
tangent	tečna
tangerine	mandarinka
tangible	hmatatelný
tangle	spleť
tangled	Spletený
tango	tango
tank	nádrž
tank top	tílko
tanker	tanker
tanned	vyčiněné
tantalizing	tantalizující
tantamount	rovnost
tantrum	rapl
taoism	taoismu
tap	klepněte na tlačítko
tape	páska
tape measure	svinovací metr
taper	kužel
tapering	zužující se
tapestry	gobelín
tapeworm	tasemnice
tapioca	tapioka
taps	kohouty
tar	dehet
tarantula	tarantule
tardiness	tardiness
tardy	pozdní
target	cílová
targeted	cílené
targeting	cílení
tariff	tarif
tarmac	asfaltovat
tarnish	zakalit
tarot	tarot
tarp	NO TRANSLATION
tarry	tarry
tart	dortík
tartan	tartan
tartar	zubní kámen
task	úkol
tassel	střapec
taste	chuť
tasteful	vkusný
tasteless	bez chuti
tasting	degustace
tasty	Chutný
tat	tat
tattler	tattler
tattletale	třpytivé
tattoo	tetování
taught	vyučován
taunt	posměch
taupe	taupe
taut	napnutý
tavern	taverna
tawdry	naparáděný
tawny	tawny
tax	daň
taxed	zdaněny
taxi	taxi
taxicab	taxík
taxonomy	taxonomie
taxpayer	poplatník
tea	čaj
teach	učit
teacher	učitel
teaching	výuka
teacup	šálek
teahouse	čajovna
teal	teal
team	tým
teamjesus	NO TRANSLATION
teammate	spoluhráč
teamwork	týmová práce
teapot	konvice na čaj
tear	roztržení
tearful	slzný
tearsofjoy	NO TRANSLATION
teary	teary
tease	vtipálek
teaser	teaser
teasing	škádlení
teaspoon	čajová lžička
teat	dudlík
teatime	čas na čaj
tech	tech
technical	technický
technicality	technické povahy
technician	technik
technique	technika
techno	techno
technological	technologický
technology	technika
ted	ted
teddy bear	Medvídek
tedious	únavné
tedium	nuda
tee	tee
teeming	teeming
teen	teen
teenage	dospívající
teenager	teenager
teens	puberťáci
teensy	teensy
teeny	malinký
teeth	zuby
teething	teething
teflon	teflon
telegram	telegram
telegraph	telegrafovat
telekinesis	telekineze
telemetry	telemetrie
telepathic	telepatický
telepathy	telepatie
telephone	telefon
telescope	dalekohled
telescopic	teleskopický
telethon	telethon
teletype	teletype
televised	televizní vysílání
television	televize
tell	sdělit
teller	pokladník
telling	vyprávění
telltale	prozrazující
temp	temp
temper	zmírnit
tempera	tempera
temperament	temperament
temperamental	temperamentní
temperance	střídmost
temperate	mírný
temperature	teplota
tempered	temperované
tempest	bouře
template	šablona
temple	chrám
tempo	NO TRANSLATION
temporal	temporální
temporarily	dočasně
temporary	dočasný
tempt	pokoušet
temptation	pokušení
tempting	lákavý
temptress	temptress
ten	deset
tenable	udržitelné
tenacious	houževnatý
tenacity	houževnatost
tenancy	nájem
tenant	nájemce
tend	tendenci
tendency	tendence
tender	nabídka
tenderfoot	nováček
tenderness	něha
tending	chování
tendon	šlach
tenement	nájem
tenet	tenet
tenets	principy
tenfold	desetkrát
tennis	tenis
tenor	tenor
tense	čas
tensile	tahový
tension	napětí
tent	stan
tentacle	chapadlo
tentative	orientační
tenth	desátý
tenths	desetiny
tenuous	tenký
tenure	držba
tepee	tepee
tepid	vlažný
tequila	tequila
teriyaki	teriyaki
term	období
terminal	terminál
terminate	vypovědět
termination	ukončení
terminator	terminátor
terminology	terminologie
terminus	konec
termite	termit
terms	podmínky
tern	rybák
ternary	trojice
terrace	terasa
terrain	terén
terrestrial	pozemní
terrible	hrozný
terribly	strašně
terrier	teriér
terrific	úžasný
terrified	vyděšený
terrifies	děsí
terrify	vyděsit
terrifying	děsivé
territorial	územní
territory	území
terror	teror
terrorism	terorismus
terrorist	terorista
terrorists	teroristů
terrorize	terorizovat
terse	terse
tertiary	terciární
test	test
testament	testament
testicle	varle
testicular	testikulární
testify	svědčit
testimonial	svědectví
testimony	svědectví
testosterone	testosteronu
testy	NO TRANSLATION
tetanus	tetanus
tether	popruh
tethered	vázané
tetrahedral	tetrahedral
text	text
textbook	učebnice
textile	textil
textural	texturální
texture	textura
tgif	tgif
thank	poděkovat
thankful	vděčný
thankgod	díky bohu
thanking	děkuji
thankless	nevděčný
thanks	dík
thanksalot	NO TRANSLATION
thanksgiving	díkůvzdání
thankyougod	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoujesus	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoulord	NO TRANSLATION
thatch	kštice
thatmoment	NO TRANSLATION
thaumaturgy	thaumaturgy
thaw	rozmrazit
theater	divadlo
theatrical	divadelní
theatrics	teatry
thebest	nejlepší
theft	krádež
theism	teismus
theistic	theistic
thelife	život
thelittlethings	NO TRANSLATION
theme	téma
theocracy	teokracie
theocratic	teokratický
theologian	teolog
theological	teologický
theology	teologie
theorem	teorém
theoretical	teoretický
theory	teorie
therapeutic	terapeutický
therapeutics	terapeutiky
therapist	terapeut
therapy	terapie
thereabouts	v okolí
thereof	z nich
therewith	s nimi
thermal	tepelný
thermocouple	termočlánek
thermodynamics	termodynamika
thermometer	teploměr
thermos	termoska
thermostat	termostat
thesaurus	tezauru
thesis	teze
thick	tlustý
thicken	zahustit
thickening	zahušťování
thicket	houští
thickness	tloušťka
thief	zloděj
thigh	stehno
thimble	náprstek
thin	tenký
thing	věc
things	věci
thingy	věc
think	myslet si
thinker	myslitel
thinking	myslící
third	Třetí
thirds	třetiny
thirst	žízeň
thirsty	žíznivý
thirteen	13
thirteenth	třináctý
thirty	třicet
thistle	bodlák
thither	tam
thong	řemen
thorn	trn
thorny	trnitý
thorough	důkladný
thoroughbred	plnokrevník
thoroughfare	silnice
thought	myslel
thoughtful	ohleduplný
thoughtfulness	ohleduplnost
thoughtless	bezohledný
thoughts	myšlenky
thousand	tisíc
thrash	mlátit
thread	vlákno
threat	ohrožení
threaten	hrozí
threatened	ohroženo
threatening	hrozivý
three	tři
threefold	třikrát
threesome	trojice
thresh	mlátit
threshold	práh
thrice	třikrát
thrift	šetrnost
thrifty	šetrný
thrill	vzrušení
thrilled	nadšený
thriller	thriller
thrilling	napínavý
thrive	prospívat
thriving	prosperující
throat	hrdlo
throb	pulzovat
throbbing	pulzující
throes	porodní bolesti
throne	trůn
throng	dav
throttle	plyn
throw	hod
throwback	návrat zpět
thrower	vrhač
thrown	hodil
thrush	drozd
thrust	tah
thruster	prototyp
thud	thud
thug	thug
thumb	palec
thumbprint	otisk palce
thump	bouře
thumper	thumper
thumping	bzučení
thunder	hrom
thunderbolt	blesk
thunderclap	zahřmění
thundering	hrom
thunderstorm	bouřka
thunderstruck	ohromený
thwart	překazit
thx	díky
thyme	tymián
thyroid	Štítná žláza
tiara	diadém
tibia	tibie
tic	tic
tick	klíště
ticked	zaškrtnuto
ticker	ticker
ticket	lístek
tickle	šimrání
tickled	zašklebený
ticklish	lechtivý
tidal	přílivu
tidal wave	přílivová vlna
tidbit	lahůdka
tide	slapy
tidings	poselství
tidy	uklidit
tie	kravata
tier	tier
tiff	tiff
tiger	tygr
tighten	utáhněte
tightness	těsnost
tightrope	lano
tights	punčocháče
tilde	tilde
tile	dlaždice
tiling	obklady
till	NO TRANSLATION
tillage	obdělávání půdy
tiller	kormidlem
tilt	náklon
tilting	naklonění
timber	dřevo
timberland	dřevo
timbre	témbr
time	čas
timeless	nadčasový
timeliness	včasnost
timely	včas
timeout	Časový limit
timepiece	hodinky
timer	časovač
times	časy
timetable	jízdní řád
timewasters	NO TRANSLATION
timid	plachý
timidity	plachost
timing	načasování
tin	NO TRANSLATION
tincture	tinktura
tine	NO TRANSLATION
tinfoil	staniol
tinge	nádech
tingle	chvění
tingling	brnění
tinker	dráteník
tinkering	tinkering
tinkle	NO TRANSLATION
tinkling	chvění
tinnitus	tinnitus
tinsel	pozlátko
tint	nádech
tiny	drobný
tip	tip
tipper	sklápěč
tipster	tipter
tipsy	opilý
tiptoe	chodit po špičkách
tirade	tiráda
tire	pneumatika
tired	unavený
tiredness	únava
tiredofit	NO TRANSLATION
tireless	neúnavný
tiresome	únavné
tiring	únavné
tissue	tkáň
tistheseason	NO TRANSLATION
tit	tit
titan	titan
titanic	titánský
titanium	titan
tithe	desátek
title	titul
titled	název
titty	titty
titular	NO TRANSLATION
toad	ropucha
toast	přípitek
toaster	topinkovač
toasty	toasty
tobacco	tabák
toby	toby
tod	tod
today	dnes
toddler	batole
toe	prst
toenail	toenail
toffee	karamela
tofu	tofu
toga	NO TRANSLATION
together	spolu
togetherness	jednotnost
toil	dřina
toilet	toaleta
toils	tenata
token	žeton
tolerable	přijatelné
tolerance	tolerance
tolerant	tolerantní
tolerate	tolerovat
toleration	tolerance
toll	mýtné
tomahawk	tomahavk
tomato	rajče
tomatoes	rajčata
tomb	hrobka
tombstone	náhrobek
tomcat	kocour
tome	ke mě
tomorrow	zítra
ton	NO TRANSLATION
tone	tón
toner	toner
tong	NO TRANSLATION
tongs	kleště
tongue	jazyk
tonic	tonikum
tonnage	tonáž
tonsils	mandle
toocold	NO TRANSLATION
tool	nástroj
toolbox	panel nástrojů
tooling	nástrojů
toomuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
toot	houkání
tooth	zub
toothache	bolest zubů
toothbrush	Kartáček na zuby
toothed	ozubený
toothless	bezzubý
toothpaste	zubní pasta
toothpick	párátko
toots	toots
top	horní
topaz	topas
topic	téma
topical	aktuální
topless	topless
topographic	topografické
topographical	topografické
topography	topografie
topple	zbavit se
topside	nahoře
tor	tor
torch	pochodeň
torment	trápení
tormented	trápení
torn	roztržený
tornado	tornádo
torpedo	torpédo
torque	točivý moment
torrent	torrent
torrid	vášnivý
torsion	kroucení
torso	trup
tort	přečin
tortious	pátrání
tortoise	želva
tortuous	klikatý
torture	mučení
tortured	mučen
toss	hození
tot	NO TRANSLATION
total	celkový
totality	celek
totally	naprosto
tote	vozit
totem	totem
touch	dotek
touchdown	přistání
touched	dotkl
touching	dojemný
touchy	nedůtklivý
tough	těžké
toughen	tvrdší
toughness	houževnatost
toupee	tupé
tour	prohlídka
tourism	cestovní ruch
tourist	turistické
tourmaline	turmalín
tournament	turnaj
tourniquet	turniket
tout	NO TRANSLATION
tow	vlek
towel	ručník
tower	věž
towering	tyčící se
town	město
townhouse	městský dům
township	okres
townspeople	obyvatelé města
toxic	toxický
toxicity	toxicity
toxicology	toxikologie
toxin	toxin
toy	hračka
toymaker	výrobce hraček
trace	stopa
traceable	sledovatelné
tracer	tracer
traces	stopy
trachea	průdušnice
tracing	sledování
track	dráha
tracker	tracker
tract	trakt
tractable	povolný
traction	trakce
tractor	traktor
trade	obchod
trademark	ochranná známka
trader	obchodník
tradesman	živnostník
trading	obchodování
tradition	tradice
traditional	tradiční
traffic	provoz
traffic light	Semafor
trafficking	obchodování s lidmi
tragedies	tragédie
tragedy	tragédie
tragic	tragický
trail	stezka
trailer	přívěs
train	vlak
train set	vlaková souprava
trained	vyškolení
trainee	praktikant
trainer	trenér
training	výcvik
trait	vlastnost
traitor	zrádce
traitorous	zrádný
trajectory	trajektorie
tram	tramvaj
tramp	tramp
trample	dupat
trampoline	trampolína
tramway	tramvaj
trance	trans
tranquil	klidný
tranquility	klid
tranquilizer	sedativum
transact	obchodovat
transaction	transakce
transatlantic	transatlantický
transceiver	vysílač
transcend	přesahovat
transcendence	transcendence
transcendent	transcendentní
transcendental	transcendentální
transcribe	přepsat
transcriber	transcriber
transcript	přepis
transcription	transkripce
transfer	převod
transference	přenos
transferred	přestoupil
transfixed	transfixovaný
transform	přeměnit
transformation	proměna
transformer	transformátor
transfusion	transfúze
transgression	přestupek
transient	přechodné
transistor	tranzistor
transit	tranzit
transition	přechod
transitional	přechodné
transitive	tranzitivní
transitory	přechodný
translate	přeložit
translation	překlad
translator	překladatel
translocation	translokace
translucent	průsvitný
transmission	přenos
transmit	vysílat
transmitter	vysílač
transmutation	proměna
transom	transom
transparency	průhlednost
transparent	průhledný
transplant	transplantace
transplantation	transplantace
transponder	transpondér
transport	doprava
transportation	přeprava
transporter	přepravce
transpose	přemístit
transposition	transpozice
transsexual	transsexuál
transverse	příčný
transvestite	transvestit
trap	past
trapdoor	padací dveře
trapeze	trapéz
trapped	v pasti
trapper	trapper
trapping	chycení
trappings	ozdoby
traps	pasti
trash	odpadky
trashy	kýčovitý
trauma	trauma
traumatic	traumatický
travail	NO TRANSLATION
travel	cestovat
traveler	cestovatel
traveling	cestování
traverse	přejít
travesty	travestie
trawl	vlečná síť
trawler	trawler
tray	zásobníku
treacherous	zrádný
treachery	zrada
tread	šlapat
treadmill	běžecký pás
treason	zrada
treasure	poklad
treasured	ceněný
treasurer	pokladník
treasures	poklady
treasury	pokladnice
treat	zacházet
treatable	léčitelná
treatise	pojednání
treatment	léčba
treaty	dohoda
treble	ztrojnásobit
tree	strom
trees	stromy
trek	trek
trellis	mříže
tremble	třes
trembling	chvění
tremendous	obrovský
tremendously	nesmírně
tremor	tremor
trench	příkop
trend	trend
trending	trendy
trendy	moderní
trepidation	úzkost
trespass	přestupek
triad	trojice
triage	třídění
trial	pokus
triangle	trojúhelník
triangular	trojúhelníkový
triangulate	triangulát
triathlon	triatlon
tribal	kmenový
tribe	kmen
tribulation	soužení
tribunal	tribunál
tribune	tribuna
tributary	přítok
tribute	hold
trick	trik
trickery	podvod
trickle	pramínek
trickster	podvodník
tricky	obtížné
tricycle	tříkolka
trident	trojzubec
trifle	maličkost
trifling	bezvýznamný
trig	trig
trigger	spoušť
trigonometry	trigonometrie
trillion	bilion
trilogy	trilogie
trim	trim
trimester	trimestr
trimmer	trimmer
trimming	ořezávání
trine	trine
trinity	Trojice
trinket	tretka
trio	trio
trip	výlet
tripartite	tripartit
tripe	dršťky
triple	trojnásobný
triplet	trojice
triplicate	třikrát
tripod	stativ
tripping	vypnutí
trite	banální
tritium	tritium
triumph	triumf
triumphant	triumfální
trivia	trivia
trivial	triviální
troll	troll
trolley	vozíku
trombone	pozoun
troop	oddíl
trooper	voják
troops	vojsko
trophy	trofej
tropic	obratník
tropical	tropický
tropics	tropy
trot	klus
trouble	problémy
troubled	ustaraný
troublemaker	výtržník
troubles	problémy
troublesome	namáhavý
trough	koryto
troupe	trupu
trousers	kalhoty
trout	pstruh
trowel	zednická lžíce
truce	příměří
truck	nákladní automobil
trucker	řidič kamionu
truckload	nákladní vůz
truculent	divoký
true	SKUTEČNÝ
truelove	pravá láska
truffle	lanýž
truism	truismus
trump	trumf
trumpet	trubka
trumpeter	trumpetista
truncate	zkrátit
truncated	zkrácený
trundle	trundle
trunk	kufr
truss	krovu
trust	důvěra
trustee	správce
trusting	důvěřovat
trustworthy	důvěryhodný
trusty	věrný
truth	pravda
truthful	pravdivý
truthfulness	pravdivost
try	Snaž se
tryout	vyzkoušet
tryouts	zkoušky
tsunami	tsunami
tub	vana
tuba	tuba
tubby	tubby
tube	trubka
tuberculosis	tuberkulóza
tubing	hadice
tubular	trubkové
tubule	trubička
tuck	zastrčit
tucker	tucker
tuesday	úterý
tufted	tufted
tug	táhnout
tugboat	remorkér
tuition	výuka
tulip	tulipán
tumble	pád
tumbler	NO TRANSLATION
tumbleweed	puchýřka
tummy	bříško
tumor	nádor
tumour	nádor
tumult	hluk
tumultuous	bouřlivý
tun	NO TRANSLATION
tuna	tuňák
tunable	naladitelný
tune	naladit
tunic	tunika
tuning	ladění
tunnel	tunel
turban	turban
turbidity	zákal
turbine	turbína
turbo	turbo
turbulence	turbulence
turbulent	turbulentní
turd	hovno
turf	rašelina
turkey	krocan
turmeric	kurkuma
turmoil	zmatek
turn	otočit se
turnaround	otočit se
turned	obrátil se
turning	otáčení
turnip	tuřín
turnkey	na klíč
turnoff	NO TRANSLATION
turnout	účast
turnover	obrat
turnpike	mýto
turntable	gramofon
turpentine	terpentýn
turquoise	tyrkysový
turret	věžička
turtle	želva
turtleneck	rolák
tussle	zápas
tutelage	opatrovnictví
tutor	tutor
tutoring	doučování
tutu	sukénka
tux	tux
tuxedo	smoking
tv	televize
twain	twain
twat	twat
twats	kroužky
tweak	vyladit
tweed	tvíd
tweet	tweet
tweezers	pinzeta
twelfth	dvanáctý
twelve	dvanáct
twentieth	dvacetina
twenty	dvacet
twerp	twerp
twig	větvička
twilight	soumrak
twill	kepr
twin	dvojče
twine	motouz
twinge	twinge
twinkle	blikat
twins	dvojčata
twirl	točit
twist	kroutit
twisted	zkroucený
twister	twister
twit	pitomec
twitch	škubnutí
twitching	záškuby
twitchy	trpělivý
two	dva
two step	dva kroky
twofaced	NO TRANSLATION
twofold	dvakrát
twosome	dvojice
tycoon	magnát
tyke	tyke
type	typ
typewriter	psací stroj
typhoid	tyfus
typhoon	tajfun
typical	typický
typically	typicky
typist	písař
typo	typo
typography	typografie
tyrannical	tyranský
tyranny	tyranie
tyrant	tyran
tyre	pneumatika
ubiquitous	všudypřítomný
ubiquity	všudypřítomnost
ugliness	ošklivost
ugly	škaredý
uhoh	NO TRANSLATION
ukulele	Ukulele
ulcer	vřed
ulterior	následně
ultimate	konečný
ultimately	nakonec
ultimatum	ultimatum
ultimo	NO TRANSLATION
ultrasound	ultrazvuk
ultraviolet	ultrafialový
umbilical	pupeční
umbra	umbra
umbrella	deštník
umpire	rozhodčí
umpteen	umpteen
unabashed	nepochopený
unabated	nepoškozený
unable	neschopný
unacceptable	nepřijatelný
unaccompanied	bez doprovodu
unaccountable	nevysvětlitelný
unaccounted	nepočítáno
unacknowledged	nepotvrzený
unadulterated	ryzí
unaffected	nedotčeno
unafraid	nebojácný
unaided	bez pomoci
unaltered	nezměněný
unambiguous	jednoznačný
unanimity	jednomyslnost
unanimous	jednomyslný
unanimously	jednomyslně
unannounced	neohlášený
unanswered	nezodpovězeno
unanticipated	neočekávané
unappreciated	nedoceněný
unapproved	neschváleno
unarmed	neozbrojený
unassisted	bez pomoci
unassuming	nenáročný
unattached	nepřipojený
unattainable	nedosažitelný
unattended	bez dozoru
unattractive	neatraktivní
unauthorized	neoprávněný
unavailable	není k dispozici
unavoidable	nevyhnutelný
unaware	nevědomý
unbalanced	nevyvážený
unbearable	nesnesitelný
unbeatable	bezkonkurenční
unbeaten	neporažený
unbecoming	nevhodný
unbelief	nevěra
unbelievable	neuvěřitelný
unbiased	objektivní
unborn	nenarozený
unbound	bez závazků
unbounded	bez omezení
unbreakable	nerozbitný
unbridled	nespojený
unbroken	neporušený
unbutton	rozepnout
uncalled	nevyžádané
uncanny	neobvyklý
uncaring	uncaring
uncensured	NO TRANSLATION
uncertain	nejistý
uncertainty	nejistota
unchallenged	nezpochybnitelná
unchangeable	neměnný
unchanged	beze změny
uncharted	nezmapováno
uncherished	NO TRANSLATION
uncivilized	necivilizovaný
unclaimed	nevyžádaný
uncle	strýc
unclean	nečistý
unclear	nejasný
uncomfortable	nepříjemný
uncommon	méně časté
uncommonly	nezvykle
uncomplicated	nekomplikovaný
uncompromising	nekompromisní
unconcerned	nezáleží
unconditional	bezpodmínečné
unconfirmed	nepotvrzený
unconnected	nespojeno
unconscionable	neporozumitelný
unconscious	v bezvědomí
unconsciousness	bezvědomí
unconstitutional	neústavní
unconstrained	bez omezení
uncontested	nesporné
uncontrollable	nekontrolovatelné
uncontrolled	nekontrolované
unconventional	nekonvenční
unconvinced	nepřesvědčené
unconvincing	nepřesvědčivé
uncooked	nevařené
uncooperative	nekooperativní
uncorrelated	nekoherentní
uncouth	hrubý
uncover	odhalit
uncritical	nekritický
uncut	nezřetelný
undead	nemrtvý
undecided	nerozhodný
undefeated	neporažený
undefined	nedefinováno
undeniable	nepopiratelný
underage	nezletilé
underbelly	podpaží
undercover	v utajení
undercurrent	spodní proud
underdog	smolař
underestimate	podcenění
undergo	podstoupit
undergraduate	vysokoškolák
underground	podzemí
underhanded	tajný
underlay	podložka
underlie	podstoupit
underline	zdůraznit
underlying	základní
undermine	podkopat
undermined	podkopání
underneath	pod
underpaid	nedostatečně
underpants	spodky
underprivileged	znevýhodněných
underrated	podceněny
underscore	podtržítko
undersea	podmořský
undersecretary	podtajemník
undersized	poddimenzované
understaffed	nedostatek personálu
understand	rozumět
understandable	srozumitelný
understanding	porozumění
understatement	podhodnocení
understood	rozuměli
understudy	understudy
undertake	zavést
undertaker	podnikatel
undertaking	závazek
undertow	pod povrchem
underwear	spodní prádlo
underwood	Pod dřevem
underworld	podsvětí
underwrite	upisovat
underwriter	upisovatel
undeserved	nezasloužený
undesirable	nežádoucí
undesired	nežádoucí
undetectable	nezjistitelné
undetected	nezjištěno
undetermined	neurčeno
undeveloped	nevyvinutý
undignified	nedůstojný
undirected	neoprávněné
undisclosed	nezveřejněno
undiscovered	neobjevený
undisputed	nesporný
undisturbed	nerušený
undivided	nerozdělené
undo	vrátit
undoing	zkáza
undoubted	nesporný
undress	svléknout
undressed	svlékl
undue	neoprávněné
undying	nehynoucí
unearned	nezasloužené
unearth	odhalit
uneasiness	neklid
uneasy	nepříjemný
uneducated	nevzdělaný
unemployed	bez práce
unemployment	nezaměstnanost
unencumbered	neohraničený
unending	nekonečný
unequal	nerovné
unequalled	nepřekonatelný
unequivocal	jednoznačný
unequivocally	jednoznačně
unethical	neetický
uneven	nerovný
uneventful	jednotvárný
unexpected	nečekané
unexpectedly	nečekaně
unexplainable	nevysvětlitelné
unexplained	nevysvětlitelné
unexplored	neprozkoumaný
unfailing	nezávadný
unfair	nespravedlivé
unfairness	nespravedlnost
unfaithful	nevěrný
unfamiliar	neznámé
unfavorable	nepříznivý
unfeeling	bezcitný
unfettered	neobsazený
unfinished	nedokončený
unfit	nevhodné
unflinching	neohrožený
unfold	rozvinout
unfollow	nepoužívejte
unforeseen	nepředvídatelné
unforgettable	nezapomenutelný
unforgivable	neodpustitelný
unforgiving	neodpouštějící
unfortunate	nešťastný
unfortunately	bohužel
unfounded	neopodstatněný
unfreeze	uvolnit
unfriendly	nepřátelský
unfulfilled	nenaplněný
unfurnished	nezařízený
unglued	nezměněný
ungodly	bezbožný
ungrateful	nevděčný
unguarded	nehlídané
unhand	NO TRANSLATION
unhappiness	neštěstí
unhappy	nešťastný
unharmed	nepoškozený
unhealthy	nezdravý
unheard	neslýchaný
unhelpful	nepomáhá
unhindered	neomezené
unholy	bezbožný
unhook	odpojit
unicorn	jednorožec
unidentified	neidentifikovaný
unification	unifikace
unified	jednotný
uniform	jednotný
uniformed	uniformovaný
uniformity	jednotnost
uniformly	jednotně
unimaginable	nepředstavitelné
unimpeachable	bezúhonný
unimpeached	nepředstavitelné
unimportant	nedůležité
unimpressed	nepotlačený
unimproved	nekompromisní
uninfected	neinfikováno
uninformed	neinformovaný
uninhabited	neobydlený
uninitiated	nezasvěcený
uninspired	nenápaditý
unintelligible	nesrozumitelný
unintended	nezamýšlený
unintentional	neúmyslné
unintentionally	neúmyslně
uninterested	nezájem
uninteresting	nezajímavý
uninterrupted	nepřetržitý
uninvited	nezvaný
union	svaz
unique	unikátní
unisex	unisex
unison	unisono
unit	jednotka
unitary	jednotné
unite	sjednotit
united	sjednocený
unity	jednota
universal	univerzální
universality	univerzálnost
universe	vesmír
university	univerzita
unjust	nespravedlivý
unjustifiable	neospravedlnitelné
unjustified	neoprávněné
unkind	bezbožný
unknowable	nepoznatelné
unknown	neznámý
unlawful	protiprávní
unleash	rozpoutat
unlicensed	nelicencované
unlike	na rozdíl od
unlikely	nepravděpodobné
unlimited	neomezený
unlisted	neuvedeno
unload	vyložit
unloaded	vyloženo
unlock	odemknout
unlucky	nešťastný
unmanageable	nezvládnutelné
unmanned	bez posádky
unmarked	neoznačený
unmarried	svobodný
unmask	odhalit
unmatched	bezkonkurenční
unmistakable	nezaměnitelné
unmitigated	naprostý
unmoved	nepohyblivá
unnamed	bezejmený
unnatural	nepřirozený
unnecessary	zbytečné
unneeded	nepotřebný
unnoticed	nepovšimnutý
unnumbered	nečíslované
unobserved	nepozorovaný
unobstructed	neomezený
unobtrusive	nenápadný
unoccupied	neobsazený
unofficial	neoficiální
unopened	neotevřeno
unopposed	neomezeně
unordered	neřízené
unorganised	neorganizované
unorganized	neorganizované
unorthodox	neortodoxní
unpack	rozbalit
unpaid	neplaceno
unparalleled	bezkonkurenční
unpleasant	nepříjemný
unpleasantness	nepříjemnost
unplug	odpojit
unplugged	odpojena
unpopular	nepopulární
unprecedented	bezprecedentní
unpredictable	nepředvídatelné
unprepared	nepřipravený
unpretentious	nenáročný
unproductive	neproduktivní
unprofessional	neprofesionální
unprofitable	nerentabilní
unprotected	nechráněný
unproven	nedokázaný
unprovoked	nevyprovokovaný
unpublished	nepublikovaný
unpunished	nepotrestal
unqualified	nekvalifikované
unquestionable	nesporné
unquestionably	nepochybně
unquestioned	bezpochyby
unquote	konec citátu
unravel	odhalit
unreachable	nedosažitelné
unread	nepřečtený
unreal	neskutečný
unrealistic	nerealistické
unreasonable	nepřiměřené
unrecorded	nezaznamenáno
unregistered	neregistrovaný
unregulated	neregulované
unrelated	nesouvisející
unrelenting	nepolevující
unreliable	nespolehlivý
unremarkable	bezvýznamné
unrepentant	nekonzumující
unrequited	neopětovaný
unresolved	nevyřešeno
unresponsive	nereaguje
unrest	neklid
unrestrained	neomezený
unrestricted	neomezený
unromantic	neromantické
unruly	nepoctivý
unsafe	nebezpečný
unsanitary	nehygienický
unsatisfactory	neuspokojivé
unsatisfied	nespokojený
unsavory	nechutný
unscathed	nezraněný
unscheduled	neplánovaný
unscientific	nevědecký
unscrew	odšroubovat
unscrupulous	bezohledný
unseat	unseat
unseen	neviditelný
unselfish	nesobecký
unsettled	nevyrovnaný
unsightly	nevzhledný
unsolicited	nevyžádaný
unsolved	nevyřešený
unsophisticated	nesofistikované
unsound	nezdravý
unspeakable	nepopiratelný
unspecified	nespecifikováno
unspoken	nevyslovený
unstable	nestabilní
unsteady	nestabilní
unstoppable	nezastavitelný
unsuccessful	neúspěšný
unsuitable	nevhodný
unsung	nezpívaný
unsupervised	bez dohledu
unsupported	nepodporováno
unsure	nejistý
unsurpassed	bezkonkurenční
unsuspecting	netušící
unsustainable	neudržitelné
unsweetened	nesladené
unsympathetic	nesympatický
untamed	nezkrocený
untenable	neudržitelný
untested	netestováno
unthinkable	nemyslitelné
untidy	nešťastný
untie	rozvázat
untimely	předčasně
untitled	nepojmenovaná
untold	nevýslovný
untouchable	nedotknutelný
untouched	nedotčené
untoward	nežádoucí
untraceable	nezjistitelné
untrained	netrénované
untranslated	nepřekládané
untroubled	bez potíží
untrue	nepravdivé
untrustworthy	nedůvěryhodný
unturned	neotočený
unused	nepoužitý
unusual	neobvyklý
unusually	neobvykle
unutterable	nenapravitelná
unveil	odhalit
unveiling	odhalení
unverified	neověřeno
unwanted	nežádoucí
unwarranted	neoprávněné
unwary	nepotřebný
unwashed	nemytý
unwavering	neochvějný
unwed	neznámé
unwelcome	nevítané
unwell	indisponovaný
unwilling	neochotný
unwillingly	nedobrovolně
unwillingness	neochota
unwind	uvolněte se
unwise	nerozumné
unwitting	bezděčný
unwittingly	nevědomky
unworthy	nehodný
unwrap	rozbalit
unwritten	nepsaný
unyielding	neústupný
unzip	rozbalte
upbeat	optimistický
upbringing	výchova
upcoming	nadcházející
update	Aktualizace
upgrade	vylepšit
upheaval	převrat
uphill	do kopce
uphold	udržovat
upholstery	čalounictví
upkeep	údržba
upland	horské
uplands	horské oblasti
uplift	uplift
uplifting	uplifting
uplink	uplink
upload	nahrát
upper	horní
uppercut	uppercut
uppity	uppity
upright	vzpřímený
uprising	povstání
uproar	vřava
upscale	upscale
upset	naštvaný
upshot	upshot
upstairs	nahoru po schodech
upstanding	vzpřímené
upstart	povýšenec
uptight	nervózní
upward	nahoru
upwards	nahoru
uranium	uran
urban	městský
urchin	uličník
urge	naléhat
urgency	naléhavost
urgent	naléhavé
urinal	pisoár
urinalysis	analýza moči
urinate	močit
urination	močení
urine	moč
urn	urna
usable	použitelný
usage	používání
use	použití
used	použitý
useful	užitečný
usefully	užitečně
usefulness	účelnost
useless	Zbytečný
user	uživatel
usher	usher
usual	obvyklý
usurp	uzurpovat
usurped	usurpovali
usury	lichva
utensil	nádoba
uterus	děloha
utilitarian	utilitaristický
utility	utilita
utilization	využití
utilize	využít
utmost	maximální
utopian	utopista
utter	naprostý
utterance	promluva
utterly	naprosto
vacancy	volné místo
vacant	volný
vacate	vyklidit
vacation	dovolená
vaccination	očkování
vaccine	vakcína
vacuolar	vakuolární
vacuole	vakuol
vacuous	prázdný
vacuum	vakuum
vagabond	tulák
vagina	vagina
vaginal	vaginální
vagrancy	tuláctví
vagrant	tulák
vague	vágní
vagueness	neurčitost
vainly	marně
valance	záclonka
vale	údolí
valedictorian	premiantka
valentine	miláček
valet	komorník
valiant	statečný
valid	platný
validate	ověřit
validation	validace
validity	doba platnosti
valium	Válium
valley	údolí
valor	NO TRANSLATION
valuable	cenný
valuables	cennosti
valuation	ocenění
value	hodnota
valve	ventil
vamoose	NO TRANSLATION
vamp	vamp
vampire	upír
van	NO TRANSLATION
vandal	vandal
vandalism	vandalství
vane	lopatka
vanguard	předvoj
vanilla	vanilka
vanish	zmizet
vanished	zmizel
vanishing	mizí
vanity	marnost
vanquish	porazit
vanquished	porazil
vanquishing	vítězství
vantage	výhodou
vapor	pára
vara	NO TRANSLATION
variable	proměnná
variance	rozptylu
variation	variace
variations	variací
varicella	plané neštovice
varicose	varikózní
varied	pestrý
variegated	pestrý
variety	odrůda
various	rozličný
varmint	neřád
varnish	lak
varsity	Varsity
vary	měnit
varying	měnící se
vascular	cévní
vase	váza
vasectomy	vasektomie
vassal	vazalský
vast	obrovský
vat	káď
vaudeville	varieté
vault	klenba
vaulted	klenuté
vaulting	klenutí
veal	telecí maso
vector	vektor
veer	zatáčet
vega	vega
vegan	vegan
vegetable	zeleniny
vegetarian	vegetariánský
vegetarianism	vegetariánství
vegetation	vegetace
vegetative	vegetativní
veggie	veggie
vehement	silný
vehicle	vozidlo
veil	závoj
veiled	zahalená
vein	žíla
veined	žilkovaný
vellum	pergamen
velocity	rychlost
velour	velur
velvet	samet
velvety	sametový
vena	vena
vendetta	vendeta
vending	prodejní
vendor	prodejce
veneer	dýha
venerable	ctihodný
veneration	úcta
venereal	pohlavní
venetian	benátský
vengeance	pomsta
vengeful	pomstychtivý
venison	zvěřina
venom	jed
venomous	jedovatý
venous	žilní
vent	ventilace
ventilation	větrání
ventilator	ventilátor
venting	větrání
ventricle	ventrikulární
ventricular	ventrikulární
ventriloquist	ventriloquist
venture	podnik
venue	místo
veracity	pravdivost
veranda	veranda
verb	sloveso
verbal	slovní
verbatim	doslovně
verbiage	mnohomluvnost
verbose	verbose
verbosity	výmluvnost
verdant	zelenající se
verdict	výrok
verge	hranice
verification	ověření
verified	ověřeno
verify	ověřit
verily	opravdu
veritable	opravdový
vermin	havěť
vermouth	vermut
vernacular	vernacular
vernal	jarní
veronica	rozrazil
versatile	univerzální
versatility	všestrannost
verse	verš
version	verze
versus	proti
vert	vert
vertebra	obratel
vertebral	vertebrální
vertex	vrchol
vertical	vertikální
vertically	vertikálně
vertigo	závrať
verve	elán
very negative	velmi negativní
very positive	velmi pozitivní
veryangry	NO TRANSLATION
vesicle	váček
vesicular	vezikulární
vessel	plavidlo
vest	vesta
vested	vložené
vestibule	vestibul
vestige	známka
vet	vet
veteran	veterán
veterinarian	veterinář
veterinary	veterinární
veto	vetovat
vexed	obtížné
viability	životaschopnost
viable	životaschopný
viaduct	viadukt
vial	injekční lahvičku
vibe	vibrace
vibes	vibrace
vibrant	vibrující
vibrate	vibrovat
vibration	vibrace
vibrator	vibrátor
vibratory	vibrační
vicar	vikář
vicarious	zástupce
vice	svěrák
viceroy	místokrál
vicinity	okolí
vicious	zlý
victim	oběť
victimized	oběť
victor	vítěz
victoria	victoria
victorious	vítězný
victory	vítězství
video	video
video game	video hra
videotape	videopásky
vie	NO TRANSLATION
view	Pohled
viewer	divák
viewing	prohlížení
viewpoint	hledisko
vigil	bdění
vigilance	bdělost
vigilant	bdělý
vigilante	vigilante
vignette	viněta
vigor	ráznost
vigorous	energický
viking	viking
vile	hnusný
villa	vila
village	vesnice
villager	vesničan
villain	darebák
villainous	darebný
vinaigrette	vinaigrette
vindicate	obhájit
vindicated	odsouzeno
vindication	ospravedlnění
vindictive	mstivý
vine	vinné révy
vinegar	ocet
vineyard	vinice
vintage	vinobraní
vinyl	vinyl
viola	viola
violate	porušit
violation	porušení
violence	násilí
violent	násilný
violently	násilně
violet	fialový
violin	housle
violinist	houslista
viper	zmije
viral	virový
virgin	panna
virginal	panenský
virginity	panenství
virility	mužnost
virology	virologie
virtual	virtuální
virtually	prakticky
virtue	ctnost
virtuoso	virtuos
virtuous	ctnostný
virulence	virulence
virus	virus
visa	vízum
visage	NO TRANSLATION
viscosity	viskozita
viscous	viskózní
vise	NO TRANSLATION
visibility	viditelnost
visible	viditelné
visibly	viditelně
vision	vidění
visionary	vizionář
visit	návštěva
visitation	prohlídka
visiting	hostující
visitor	návštěvník
visor	hledí
vista	průhled
visual	vizuální
visualize	vizualizovat
vital	vitální
vitality	vitalita
vitals	životně důležité orgány
vitamin	vitamín
vitreous	sklovitý
viva	viva
vivacious	temperamentní
vivid	živý
vixen	dračice
vocabulary	slovní zásoba
vocal	hlasitý
vocalist	zpěvák
vocation	povolání
vodka	vodka
vogue	móda
voice	hlas
voiceless	neznělý
voicemail	hlasová schránka
void	prázdné
volatile	nestálý
volatility	volatilita
volcanic	sopečný
volcano	sopka
volition	vůle
volley	volej
volleyball	volejbal
voltage	Napětí
voltmeter	voltmetr
volume	hlasitost
volumes	objemy
voluminous	objemný
voluntarily	dobrovolně
voluntary	dobrovolný
volunteer	dobrovolník
volunteering	dobrovolnictví
volunteers	dobrovolníků
voluptuous	smyslný
vomit	zvracení
vomiting	zvracení
voodoo	voodoo
voracious	nenasytný
vortex	vír
vote	hlasování
voter	volič
voting	hlasování
votive	votivní
vouch	vouch
voucher	poukaz
vow	slib
vowel	samohláska
voyage	cesta
voyager	voyager
voyeur	voyeur
vulgar	vulgární
vulgarity	vulgarita
vulnerability	zranitelnost
vulnerable	zranitelné
vulture	sup
wacko	wacko
wacky	otrávený
wad	svazek
waddle	kolébat se
wade	přebrodit
wafer	oplatka
waffle	vafle
wag	šprýmař
wage	mzda
wager	vsadit
wages	mzdy
wagon	vagón
wail	kvílení
waist	pás
waistcoat	vesta
waistline	pasu
wait	Počkejte
waiter	číšník
waiting	čekání
waitinggame	NO TRANSLATION
waitress	servírka
waive	upustit
waiver	vzdání se práva
wake	probudit
walk	Procházka
walker	chodec
walking	chůze
walkout	stávka
wall	stěna
wallaby	wallaby
wallet	peněženka
wallflower	čekanka
wallop	pecka
wallow	válec
wallpaper	tapeta na zeď
walnut	vlašský ořech
walrus	mrož
waltz	valčík
wan	NO TRANSLATION
wand	hůlka
wander	bloudit
wanderer	poutník
wandering	putování
wane	ubývat
waning	ubývající
wanker	wanker
wannabe	rádoby
wannasleep	NO TRANSLATION
want	chtějí
wanting	chtějí
wanton	beznadějný
war	válka
warbler	pěnice
warcrimes	NO TRANSLATION
ward	oddělení
warden	správce
wardrobe	skříň
ware	výrobky
warehouse	sklad
warfare	válčení
warhead	hlavice
warlike	bojovný
warlock	čaroděj
warlord	válečník
warm	teplý
warming	oteplování
warms	ohřeje
warmth	teplo
warn	varovat
warned	varoval
warning	Varování
warp	warp
warpath	warpath
warped	zkroucený
warrant	rozkaz
warranted	zaručeno
warrants	záruky
warranty	záruka
warren	warren
warrior	bojovník
warship	válečná loď
wart	bradavice
wartime	války
wary	opatrný
wash	umýt
washed	umyté
washer	podložka
washing	mytí
washout	vymývání
washroom	toaleta
wasp	vosa
waste	odpad
wastebasket	odpadkový koš
wasted	zbytečné
wasteful	plýtvání
wasteland	pustina
wasting	plýtvání
watch	hodinky
watchdog	hlídací pes
watcher	hlídač
watchful	bdělý
watchman	NO TRANSLATION
watchout	Dávej pozor
watchtower	strážní věž
water	voda
water polo	vodní pólo
waterbed	vodní postele
watercourse	vodní tok
watered	napojena
waterfall	vodopád
waterfront	nábřeží
watering can	kropící konev
watermelon	vodní meloun
waterproof	voděodolný
waterworks	vodovodů
watery	vodnatý
wave	vlna
wavelength	vlnová délka
waver	váhat
wavering	chvění
waves	vlny
wavy	vlnitý
wax	vosk
waxed	voskovaný
waxy	voskový
way	cesta
ways	způsoby
wayward	nevyzpytatelný
weak	slabý
weaken	oslabit
weakened	oslabil
weakling	slaboch
weakly	slabě
weakness	slabost
wealth	bohatství
wealthy	bohatý
weapon	zbraň
weaponry	zbraně
wear	mít na sobě
wearer	nositel
wearily	unaveně
weariness	únava
wearing	nošení
weary	unavený
weasel	lasička
weather	počasí
weathered	zvětralý
weatherman	meteorolog
weatherproof	nepříznivé počasí
weave	vazba
web	web
website	webová stránka
wed	sv
wedded	sňatek
wedding	svatba
wedge	klín
wedlock	manželství
wee	wee
weed	plevel
weeding	plenění
weeds	buriny
weedy	neduživý
weeeee	NO TRANSLATION
week	týden
weekday	všední den
weekend	víkend
weekly	týdně
weenie	weenie
weep	plakat
weeping	plačící
weeping willow	smuteční vrba
weepy	uplakaný
weigh	vážit
weighing	vážení
weight	hmotnost
weightless	bez váhy
weightloss	NO TRANSLATION
weights	váhy
weighty	závažný
weir	jez
weird	podivný
weirdness	podivnost
weirdo	podivín
welcome	Vítejte
welcomed	vítá
welcoming	vítání
weld	svar
welder	svářeč
welding	svařování
welfare	sociální péče
wellhead	vrtulník
wellness	wellness
welsh	velština
welt	NO TRANSLATION
wen	NO TRANSLATION
wench	děvče
werewolf	vlkodlak
west	západ
westbound	západně
western	západní
wet	mokré
wetback	mokrý
whack	rána
whale	velryba
whaling	velrybářství
wham	wham
whammy	whammy
wharf	přístaviště
whatdoido	NO TRANSLATION
whatif	co když
whatmakesmesmile	NO TRANSLATION
whatnot	co ne
whatsoever	vůbec
whatsthepoint	NO TRANSLATION
wheat	pšenice
wheel	kolo
wheel barrow	NO TRANSLATION
wheelbarrow	kolečko
wheelchair	invalidní vozík
wheels	kola
wheeze	sípat
whelp	štěně
whereabouts	místo pobytu
wherefore	pročež
wherewith	s čím
wherewithal	prostředky
whet	povzbudit
whiff	závan
whilst	zatímco
whim	rozmar
whimper	fňukat
whimsical	náladový
whimsy	rozmar
whine	kňučet
whiny	whiny
whip	bič
whiplash	whiplash
whipped	šlehané
whirl	vír
whirlpool	vířivá vana
whirlwind	vichřice
whisk	metla
whisker	whisker
whiskers	kníry
whiskey	whisky
whisky	whisky
whisper	šepot
whispered	zašeptal
whistle	pískat
whit	drobet
white	bílý
whitefish	síh
whiteness	bělost
whitewash	očistit
whitish	bělavý
whittle	ořezávat
whiz	svištět
whole	Celý
wholesale	velkoobchod
wholesome	zdravý
wholly	zcela
whoo	kdo
whoop	křičet
whopper	nehorázná lež
whopping	monstrózní
whore	děvka
whorehouse	bordel
wick	knot
wicked	zlý
wickedness	bezbožnost
wicker	proutěný
wicket	branka
wide	široký
widely	široce
widen	rozšířit
widespread	rozšířené
widow	vdova
widowed	ovdovělý
widower	vdovec
width	šířka
wield	ovládat
wiener	wiener
wienie	NO TRANSLATION
wife	manželka
wig	paruka
wiggle	kroutit
wight	wight
wiki	wiki
wild	divoký
wildcat	divoká kočka
wildebeest	wildebeest
wilderness	divočina
wildfire	blesk
wildlife	divoká zvěř
will	vůle
willful	úmyslně
willies	willies
willing	ochotný
willingly	ochotně
willingness	ochota
willow	vrba
willpower	síla vůle
wilt	vadnout
wilted	zvlněný
wily	lstivý
wimp	wimp
wimpy	wimpy
win	vyhrát
wince	wince
winch	naviják
wind	vítr
windbag	tlachal
windfall	neočekávaně
winding	navíjení
windmill	větrný mlýn
window	okno
windowsill	parapet
windpipe	průdušnice
windshield	čelní sklo
windy	větrný
wine	víno
wine cooler	chladič na víno
wing	křídlo
winged	okřídlený
winger	křídlo
wingman	parťák
wink	mrkat
winner	vítěz
winning	vítězný
winnings	výhry
wino	NO TRANSLATION
winter	zima
winterbreak	NO TRANSLATION
wintertime	zimní čas
wintery	v zimě
wintry	zimní
wipe	otřete
wiper	stěrač
wire	drát
wired	kabelové
wireless	bezdrátový
wiretap	odposlech
wiring	elektrické vedení
wis	wis
wisdom	moudrost
wise	moudrý
wish	přání
wishbone	křídla
wishful	přání
wishing	přání
wishmeluck	drž mi palce
wisp	pramínek
wistful	smutný
wit	vtip
witch	čarodějnice
witchcraft	čarodějnictví
withal	s
withdraw	ustoupit
withdrawal	odnětí
withdrawals	stažení
withdrawn	staženo
wither	zemřít
withered	zvadlý
withering	omdlévání
withhold	zadržet
withholding	zadržení
withstand	odolat
witless	bezmocný
witness	svědek
wits	wits
witty	vtipný
wiz	wiz
wizard	kouzelník
wobble	viklat
wobbly	rozviklaný
woe	běda
woeful	žalostný
woefully	žalostně
wok	wok
wokemeup	NO TRANSLATION
wolf	vlk
wolverine	Rosomák
woman	žena
womanhood	ženství
womanizer	sukničkář
womanly	ženský
womb	lůno
wonder	divit se
wonderful	Báječné
wonderfully	báječně
wonderment	úžas
wondrous	úžasné
wont	NO TRANSLATION
woo	woo
wood	dřevo
woodcut	dřevoryt
wooden	dřevěný
woodland	les
woodlands	lesů
woodpecker	datel
woods	les
woodshed	dřevo
woodsman	dřevorubec
woodwork	dřevo
woody	dřevnatý
woof	tkanina
woohoo	woohoo
wooing	baví
wool	vlna
woolen	vlněný
woolly	vlněný
woot	Woot
woozy	Woozy
wop	wop
word	slovo
wording	formulace
words	slova
wordy	rozvláčný
work	práce
workaholic	workoholik
workbook	pracovní sešit
worker	pracovník
working	pracovní
workings	práce
workload	pracovní zátěž
workman	dělník
workmanship	zpracování
workout	cvičení
workplace	pracoviště
works	práce
workshop	dílna
workup	vypracovat
world	svět
worldly	světský
worldwide	celosvětově
worm	červ
wormhole	červová díra
wormwood	pelyněk
worn	opotřebené
worried	ustaraný
worries	starosti
worry	trápit se
worrying	znepokojující
worse	horší
worsening	zhoršení
worship	uctívání
worshipful	uctívání
worstfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
worth	hodnota
worthless	bezcenný
worthwhile	užitečné
worthy	hodný
wot	wot
would	bych
wound	rána
wounded	zraněný
wounding	zranění
wounds	rány
wracking	wracking
wrangler	kovboj, honák
wrangling	hádka
wrap	zabalit
wrapper	obal
wrapping	obal
wrath	hněv
wrathful	hněvivý
wreak	způsobit
wreath	věnec
wreck	vrak
wreckage	trosky
wrecked	zničeno
wrecker	vraku
wrench	klíč
wrenching	chvění
wrest	vydělat
wrestle	zápasit
wrestler	zápasník
wrestling	zápas
wretch	bídný
wretched	ubohý
wriggle	spleť
wright	wright
wring	wring
wringer	wringer
wrinkle	vráska
wrinkled	vrásčitý
wrist	zápěstí
wristband	náramek
wristwatch	náramkové hodinky
writ	soudní příkaz
write	napsat
writer	spisovatel
writing	psaní
written	psaný
wrong	špatně
wrongdoing	provinění
wrongful	špatné
wrongly	nesprávně
wrought	tvořil
wry	ironický
xanax	xanax
xenophobia	xenofobie
xerox	xerox
xmas	Vánoce
xoxo	xoxo
yaaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaay	NO TRANSLATION
yacht	jachta
yachting	jachting
yahoo	yahoo
yak	yak
yam	jam
yank	škubnutí
yap	NO TRANSLATION
yard	yard
yarn	příze
yaw	zatáčku
yawn	zívnutí
yawning	zívání
yay	yay
yayy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyyy	NO TRANSLATION
yea	ano
yeahhh	yeahhh
yeahhhh	NO TRANSLATION
year	rok
yearbook	ročenka
yearling	ročník
yearly	roční
yearn	toužit
yearning	touha
years	roky
yeast	droždí
yehey	NO TRANSLATION
yell	výkřik
yeller	yeller
yelling	křičí
yellow	žlutá
yellows	žluté
yelp	yelp
yen	yen
yeoman	yeoman
yesss	yesss
yessss	yessss
yesterday	včera
yesteryear	dávno
yew	tis
yey	NO TRANSLATION
yield	výtěžek
yielding	poddajný
yo-yo	NO TRANSLATION
yodel	jódlovat
yoga	jóga
yogi	jogín
yogurt	jogurt
yoke	jho
yolk	žloutek
yon	NO TRANSLATION
yonder	jenom
young	mladý
younger	mladší
youngster	mladík
yousuck	yousuck
youth	mládí
youthful	mladistvý
yucky	yucky
yuletide	Vánoce
yummy	báječný
yuppie	Jupí
zany	bláznivý
zap	zap
zeal	horlivost
zealot	fanatik
zealous	horlivý
zebra	zebra
zen	zen
zenith	zenith
zephyr	vánek
zeppelin	zeppelinu
zest	říz
zesty	chuť
zeta	zeta
zigzag	cikcak
zilch	zilch
zillion	zillion
zinc	zinek
zing	NO TRANSLATION
zip	zip
zipper	zip
zippy	zippy
zit	NO TRANSLATION
zodiac	zvěrokruh
zombie	zombie
zone	pásmo
zoning	zónování
zoo	zoo
zoological	zoologické
zoology	zoologie
zoom	zoom
zucchini	cuketa
