Word	et
aaaaaaah	aaaaaaha
aaaah	NO TRANSLATION
aardvark	aardvark
aback	kummitus
abacus	abacus
abalone	kallis
abandon	loobuma
abandoned	mahajäetud
abandonment	loobumine
abashed	väsinud
abate	vähendama
abatement	vähendamine
abba	abba
abbey	klooster
abbot	NO TRANSLATION
abbreviate	lühenda
abbreviation	lühend
abdomen	kõht
abdominal	kõhuõõne
abduct	röövitud
abduction	röövimine
aberrant	ebaselge
aberration	aberratsioon
abeyance	peatamine
abhor	kummardama
abhorrence	hirmus
abhorrent	kohutav
abide	järgige
abiding	kinni pidades
ability	võime
abject	imelik
ablation	ablatsioon
ablaze	põlema
able	võimeline
abnormal	ebanormaalne
abnormality	ebanormaalsus
aboard	pardal
abode	elama
abolish	kaotada
abolition	kaotamine
abominable	hirmutav
abominate	kõhklema
abomination	hullumeelsus
aboriginal	aborigeen
abort	katkestama
abortion	abort
abortive	ebatavaline
abound	külluses
abovementioned	eespool nimetatud
abracadabra	abracadabra
abrasion	abrasioon
abrasive	abrasiivne
abreast	loe edasi
abroad	välismaal
abrogate	tühistada
abrupt	järsku
abruptly	järsku
abscess	abstsess
absence	puudumine
absent	puudub
absentee	lahkumata
absenteeism	töölt puudumine
absinthe	absint
absolute	absoluutne
absolution	vabanemine
absolve	vabastama
absorb	imenduda
absorbed	imendunud
absorbent	absorbeeriv
absorbing	neelavad
absorption	imendumine
abstain	hoiduma
abstention	erapooletu
abstinence	meeleheide
abstract	abstraktne
abstraction	abstraktsioon
absurd	absurdne
absurdity	absurdne
abundance	arvukus
abundant	rohke
abuse	kuritarvitamine
abused	kuritarvitatud
abusive	kuritahtlik
abutment	abutment
aby	NO TRANSLATION
abysmal	kõhn
abyss	kaste
academic	Akadeemiline
academy	akadeemia
accede	ühine
accelerant	kiirendamine
accelerate	kiirendama
accelerated	kiirendatud
acceleration	kiirendus
accelerator	kiirendaja
accent	aktsent
accentuate	rõhutage
accept	aktsepteerima
acceptable	vastuvõetav
acceptance	vastuvõtmine
acceptances	aktseptid
access	juurdepääs
accessible	juurdepääsetav
accession	ühinemine
accessory	lisaseade
accident	õnnetus
accidental	juhuslik
accidentally	juhuslikult
acclaim	tunnustama
accolade	auhinda
accommodate	majutama
accommodation	majutus
accompaniment	saade
accompany	kaasas
accompanying	kaasasolev
accomplice	kaasosaline
accomplish	täita
accomplished	saavutatud
accomplishment	saavutus
accord	nõus
accordance	vastavus
accordion	akordion
account	konto
accountability	vastutus
accountable	vastutav
accountant	raamatupidaja
accounting	raamatupidamine
accounts	kontod
accredited	akrediteeritud
accretion	tõus
accrue	koguma
accueil	NO TRANSLATION
accumulate	koguneda
accumulation	kogunemine
accuracy	täpsus
accurate	täpne
accursed	neetud
accusation	süüdistus
accusative	süüdistatav
accuse	süüdistama
accused	süüdistatav
accuser	süüdistatav
accusing	süüdistades
accustomed	harjunud
ace	ace
acetic	äädikhape
acetylene	atsetüleen
ache	halb
achieve	saavutama
achieved	saavutatud
achievement	saavutus
aching	valu
achy	ilus
acid	hape
acidity	happesus
acknowledge	tunnustama
acknowledged	tunnistanud
acknowledgement	kinnitus
acknowledgment	kinnitus
acme	akme
acne	vinnid
acorn	tampoon
acoustic	akustiline
acoustics	akustika
acquaint	tutvuge
acquaintance	tuttav
acquainted	tuttav
acquiescence	nõusolek
acquire	omandama
acquiring	omandamine
acquisition	omandamine
acquisitions	omandamised
acquit	õigeks saama
acquittal	õigeksmõistmine
acre	aakri
acreage	maa-ala
acres	aakri
acrobat	akrobaat
acrylic	akrüül
act	tegutsema
acting	tegutsedes
action	tegevus
action figure	tegevusüksus
actionable	vaidlustatav
activate	aktiveerima
activation	aktiveerimine
active	aktiivne
activist	aktivist
activity	tegevus
actor	näitleja
actress	näitleja
actual	tegelik
actuality	tegelikkus
actuary	aktuaar
acuity	äge
acumen	teadlikkus
acupuncture	nõelravi
acute	äge
acutely	teravalt
ad	reklaami
adage	jutlus
adamant	adamant
adapt	kohanema
adaptable	kohandatav
adaptation	kohanemine
add	lisama
added	lisatud
addendum	lisa
adder	liitmik
addict	sõltlane
addicted	sõltuvuses
addiction	sõltuvus
addictive	sõltuvust
addition	lisa
additional	lisaks
additive	lisaaine
address	aadress
addressee	adressaat
addresses	aadressid
adept	õpetaja
adequacy	piisavus
adequate	piisav
adhere	kinni
adherence	kinnipidamine
adherent	adherent
adhering	järgides
adhesion	adhesioon
adhesive	liimainet
adieu	adieu
adipose	rasvane
adjacency	külgnevus
adjacent	naabruses
adjective	omadussõna
adjoining	naabruses
adjourn	katkestada
adjournment	katkestamine
adjudicate	otsustada
adjudication	kohtuotsus
adjunct	adjunct
adjust	kohandama
adjuster	regulaator
adjustment	kohandamine
adjuvant	adjuvant
admin	admin
administer	hallata
administration	haldamine
administrative	administratiivne
administrator	administraator
admirable	imetlusväärne
admiral	admiral
admiralty	admiraliteet
admiration	imetlus
admire	imetleda
admired	imetles
admirer	admirer
admiring	imetlen
admissibility	vastuvõetavus
admissible	vastuvõetav
admission	sissepääs
admit	tunnistama
admittance	sissepääs
admitted	tunnistas
admitting	lubades
admixture	segu
admonition	ettevaatus
ado	ado
adobe	Adobe
adolescence	noorukieas
adolescent	nooruk
adopt	vastu võtma
adoption	vastuvõtmine
adoptive	lapsendaja
adorable	jumalik
adoration	kummardamine
adore	jumaldan
adoring	jumaldan
adorn	kaunistama
adornment	ehe
adrenalin	adrenaliin
adrenaline	adrenaliin
adrift	eemale
adult	täiskasvanu
adulterated	võltsitud
adulterer	abielurikkuja
adultery	abielurikkumine
adulthood	täiskasvanueas
advance	eelnevalt
advanced	arenenud
advancement	areng
advancing	edasiarendamine
advantage	eelis
advantageous	kasulik
advent	advent
adventure	seiklus
adventurer	seikleja
adventures	seiklused
adventurous	seikluslik
adversary	vastane
adverse	kahjulik
adversity	vastasseis
advertise	reklaamima
advertisement	reklaam
advertising	reklaami
adverts	reklaamid
advice	nõuanne
advisable	soovitatav
advise	nõuan
advised	soovitatav
advisement	nõustamine
adviser	nõustaja
advisor	nõustaja
advisory	nõustamine
advocacy	propageerimine
advocate	advokaat
aegis	Eile
aeration	aeratsioon
aerial	antenn
aerobics	aeroobika
aerodrome	lennuväli
aerodynamic	aerodünaamiline
aerodynamics	aerodünaamika
aeronautics	aeronautika
aeroplane	lennuk
aerospace	kosmosetööstus
aesthetic	esteetiline
aesthetics	esteetika
aetiology	etioloogia
afar	kaugel
affable	armastav
affair	asi
affect	mõjutama
affecting	mõjutades
affection	kiindumus
affectionate	Hell
affections	armastus
affiche	NO TRANSLATION
affidavit	kinnitusviide
affiliated	sidusettevõte
affiliation	liitumine
affinity	afiinsus
affirm	kinnita
affirmation	kinnitus
affirmative	positiivne
affirmatively	positiivselt
affix	kinnitage
afflict	kannatama
afflicted	kannatanud
affliction	viletsus
affluence	jõukus
affluent	jõukas
afford	endale lubada
affordable	taskukohane
affront	pettuma
affronted	pettunud
afield	maa peal
afire	tulekahju
afloat	pinnal
afore	enne
aforementioned	eespool nimetatud
aforesaid	eelnimetatud
afraid	karda
afresh	jälle uuesti
african	african
aft	ahtris
afterlife	surmajärgne elu
aftermath	tagajärjed
afternoon	pärastlõunal
aftershave	aftershave
aftertaste	järelmaitse
afterthought	pärast mõtlemist
aga	NO TRANSLATION
agape	agape
agate	ahhaat
age	vanus
aged	vanuses
agency	agentuur
agenda	päevakord
agent	agent
agglomeration	aglomeratsioon
aggravate	süvendama
aggravated	süvenenud
aggravates	raskendab
aggravating	raskendav
aggravation	süvenemine
aggregate	agregaat
aggregation	koondamine
aggresive	NO TRANSLATION
aggression	agressioon
aggressive	agressiivne
aggressively	agressiivselt
aggressiveness	agressiivsus
aggressor	agressor
agh	agh
aghast	aghast
aghhh	NO TRANSLATION
agile	vilgas
agility	agility
aging	vananemine
agitate	segada
agitated	ärritunud
agitation	agitatsioon
aglow	aglow
agnostic	agnostik
ago	tagasi
agonizing	agonizing
agony	agoonia
agoraphobia	agorafoobia
agree	nõustun
agreeable	meeldiv
agreed	kokku lepitud
agreeing	kokkuleppel
agreement	kokkulepe
agressive	NO TRANSLATION
agricultural	põllumajanduslik
agriculture	põllumajandus
aground	maapinnal
agua	NO TRANSLATION
ahead	ees
ahhh	ahhh
ahhhhhhhh	NO TRANSLATION
ahoy	ahoy
aid	abi
aide	abiline
aiding	aitamine
aids	abivahendid
ail	ail
ailing	raskustes
ailment	haigus
aim	eesmärk
aimless	sihikindel
air	õhk
airbag	turvapadi
airborne	õhus
aircraft	õhusõiduk
aircraft carrier	lennukikandja
airfield	lennuväli
airhead	õhupea
airlift	õhutransport
airline	lennufirma
airliner	lennuk
airlock	õhupilu
airman	airman
airplane	lennuk
airport	lennujaam
airs	õhutab
airship	õhulaev
airspace	õhuruum
airspeed	õhkkiirus
airstrip	lennuväli
airtight	õhukindel
airway	hingamisteed
aisle	vahekäik
ait	NO TRANSLATION
ajar	NO TRANSLATION
aka	aka
akin	sarnane
alabaster	alabaster
alarm	alarm
alarm clock	Äratuskell
alarmed	häiritud
alarming	murettekitav
alas	paraku
alb	NO TRANSLATION
albatross	albatross
albino	albino
album	album
alchemy	alkeemia
alcohol	alkohol
alcoholic	alkohoolne
alcoholism	alkoholism
alcove	alcove
alderman	alderman
ale	NO TRANSLATION
alert	hoiatus
alertness	tähelepanelikkus
alerts	hoiatused
alfalfa	lutsern
algebra	algebra
algebraic	algebraline
algorithm	algoritm
alias	teise nimega
alibi	alibi
alien	välismaalane
alienate	võõrandama
alienated	võõrandunud
alienation	võõrandumine
alight	põgenevad
align	joondage
aligned	joondatud
alignment	joondamine
alike	sama
alimentation	NO TRANSLATION
alimony	alimendid
aliquot	alikvoot
alive	elus
alkali	leelised
alkaloids	alkaloidid
allay	lahjendada
allegation	süüdistus
allege	väidavad
alleged	väidetavalt
allegiance	lojaalsus
allegorical	allegooriline
allegory	allegooria
allegro	allegro
allergic	allergiline
allergy	allergia
alleviate	leevendada
alleviation	leevendamine
alley	allee
alleyway	alleyway
alliance	liit
allied	liitlased
alligator	alligaator
allocate	eraldama
allocation	eraldamine
allot	eraldama
allotment	eraldamine
allow	lubama
allowable	lubatav
allowance	toetus
allowed	lubatud
alloy	sulam
allsmiles	NO TRANSLATION
allure	Allure
alluring	võluv
allusion	allusioon
alluvial	alluviaalne
ally	liitlane
almanac	almanahv
almighty	kõikvõimas
almond	mandel
aloft	kõrgemal
aloha	Aloha
alone	üksi
alongside	kõrval
aloof	aloof
aloud	valjusti
alpha	alfa
alphabet	tähestikus
alphabetical	tähestikuline
alpine	alpi
alreadyyyyy	juba yyyyy
altar	altar
altar boy	altar poiss
alter	muutma
alteration	muutmine
altercation	vaheldumine
altered	muudetud
alternate	asendusliige
alternating	vaheldumisi
alternative	alternatiivne
altimeter	kõrgusemõõtja
altitude	kõrgus
alto	alto
altogether	kokku
aluminum	alumiiniumist
alumnus	alumnus
alveolar	alveolaarne
alzheimers	NO TRANSLATION
amalgam	amalgaam
amalgamation	ühinemine
amaretto	amaretto
amass	amass
amateur	amatöör
amaze	hämmastama
amazed	üllatunud
amazedness	NO TRANSLATION
amazement	hämmastusega
amazing	hämmastav
amazingly	hämmastavalt
ambassador	suursaadik
amber	merevaigukollane
ambience	õhkkond
ambient	ümbritsev
ambiguity	ebamäärasus
ambiguous	ebaselge
ambit	piire
ambition	ambitsioon
ambitious	edasipüüdlik
ambivalent	ambivalentne
ambrosia	ambrosia
ambulance	kiirabi
ambush	varitsus
ameliorate	Parandada
amen	amen
amenable	vastutulelik
amend	muudan
amendment	muudatus
amends	muudab
amenity	mugavus
amethyst	ametüst
amiable	sõbralik
amicable	sõbralik
amid	keset
amidst	keset
amino	amino
ammo	AMMO
ammonia	ammoniaak
ammonium	ammoonium
ammunition	laskemoona
amnesia	amneesia
amnesty	amnestia
amorous	armuline
amorphous	amorfne
amortization	amortisatsioon
amount	summa
amour	NO TRANSLATION
amp	amp
ampersand	ampersand
amphetamines	amfetamiinid
amphibian	amfiibiaalne
amphibious	amfiibne
amphitheater	amfiteater
ample	palju
amplification	võimendamine
amplify	võimendama
amplitude	amplituud
amply	piisavalt
amputate	amputeerima
amputation	amputatsioon
amuck	amak
amulet	amulett
amuse	lõbustama
amused	lõbustas
amusement	lõbustus
amusing	lõbus
ana	NO TRANSLATION
anaconda	Anaconda
anaesthesia	anesteesia
anaesthetic	anesteetikum
anagram	Anagram
anal	anal
analgesic	valuvaigisti
analogous	analoogne
analogue	analoog
analogy	analoogia
analysis	analüüsimine
analyst	analüütik
analytic	analüütiline
analytical	analüütiline
analyze	analüüsida
analyzer	analüsaator
anaphylactic	anafülaktiline
anarchism	anarhism
anarchist	anarhist
anarchy	anarhia
anastomosis	anastomoos
anathema	anathema
anatomic	anatoomiline
anatomy	anatoomia
ancestor	esivanem
ancestral	esialgne
ancestry	esialgne päritolu
anchor	ankur
anchorage	ankurdus
ancient	iidne
ancillary	abistav
androgen	androgeen
android	android
anecdote	anekdoot
anemia	aneemia
anemic	aneemiline
anemone	anemone
anesthesia	anesteesia
anesthesiologist	anesteesia
anesthetic	anesteetikum
aneurysm	aneurüsm
anew	uuesti
angel	ingel
angelic	ingelik
anger	viha
angered	vihane
angermanagement	NO TRANSLATION
angina	stenokardia
angiogram	angiogramm
angiography	angiograafia
angle	nurk
angling	kalastamine
angora	Angora
angriest	angriest
angry	vihane
angrytweet	NO TRANSLATION
angst	ahne
anguish	ahastus
anguished	ahastatud
angular	nurgeline
anhydrous	veevaba
animal	loom
animate	elavdada
animated	animeeritud
animation	animatsioon
animosity	vaenulikkus
animus	animus
ankle	pahkluu
anklet	pükskott
annals	annud
annex	lisa
annexation	anneksia
annexe	NO TRANSLATION
annihilate	hävitada
annihilated	hävitati
annihilation	hävitamine
anniversary	aastapäev
annotate	märkida
annotation	märkus
announce	teatama
announcement	teadaanne
announcer	kõneleja
annoy	tüütu
annoyance	pahameelt
annoyed	tüütu
annoyin	NO TRANSLATION
annoying	tüütu
annoys	annoys
annual	aastane
annuity	annuiteet
annul	tühistada
annular	rõngakujuline
annulment	tühistamine
annulus	tühjaks
anointed	anointed
anointing	võidmine
anomalous	anomaalne
anomaly	anomaalia
anon	anon
anonymity	anonüümsus
anonymous	anonüümne
anorexic	anoreksiline
answer	vastus
answerable	vastutav
answering	vastates
ant	ant
antagonism	antagonism
antagonist	antagonist
antagonistic	antagonistlik
antagonize	antagoniseerima
ante	NO TRANSLATION
antecedent	eelnev
antelope	antikeha
antenna	antenn
anterior	eesmine
anthem	hümn
anthill	anthill
anthology	antoloogia
anthrax	siberi katkhiire
anthropological	antropoloogiline
anthropologist	antropoloog
anthropology	antropoloogia
anti	anti
antiaircraft	õhusõiduk
antibiotic	antibiootikum
antibiotics	antibiootikumid
antichrist	Antikeha
anticipate	ennustada
anticipation	ennetamine
anticipatory	ennetav
antics	antics
antidote	antidoot
antifungal	seenevastane
antigravity	antigravitatsioon
antimony	antimon
antipathy	antipatsia
antiquarian	antiikmööbel
antiquated	vananenud
antique	antiikmööbel
antiques	antiikesemed
antiquity	antiik
antiseptic	antiseptiline
antisocial	antisotsiaalne
antithesis	antitekst
antithetical	antitheetiline
antiviral	viirusevastane
antler	antler
antsy	antsy
anus	anus
anvil	anvil
anxiety	ärevus
anxietyattack	NO TRANSLATION
anxious	murelik
anxiousness	ärevus
anytime	igal ajal
aorta	aordi
aortic	aordi
apace	pingeline
apache	apache
apartment	korter
apartments	korterid
apathetic	apaetiline
apathy	apaatia
ape	ahv
aperture	ava
apex	tipp
aphid	lehetäide
aphrodisiac	aphrodisiac
apiece	tükk
aplomb	aplomb
apocalypse	apokalüpsis
apocalyptic	apokalüptiline
apologetic	apologetic
apologist	apoloog
apologize	vabandage
apology	vabandus
apostasy	viletsus
apostate	apostate
apostle	apostlit
apostolic	apostlik
apostrophe	apostroof
apothecary	apteeker
appalled	kohutav
appalling	kohutav
apparatus	aparaat
apparel	kehakate
apparent	ilmne
apparently	ilmselt
apparition	ilmutus
appeal	apellatsioonkaebus
appear	ilmuvad
appearance	välimus
appease	vaigistama
appellant	apellatsioonkaebuse esitaja
append	lisama
appendage	lisand
appendectomy	apendektoomia
appendicitis	apenditsiit
appendix	lisa
appetite	isu
appetizer	eelroog
appetizing	isuäratav
applaud	kiidelda
applause	aplaus
apple	õun
apple juice	õunamahl
applejack	applejack
applesauce	õunapuu
appliance	seade
appliances	seadmed
applicability	kohaldatavus
applicable	kohaldatav
applicant	taotleja
application	taotlus
apply	kohaldada
appoint	määrama
appointment	ametisse nimetamine
appointments	kohtumised
apportion	jagamine
apportionment	jaotamine
appraisal	hindamine
appraise	hindama
appreciable	märkimisväärne
appreciate	hindan
appreciated	hinnatud
appreciates	hindab
appreciation	kallinemine
appreciative	tänulik
apprehend	kinni pidama
apprehension	kahtlus
apprehensive	murettekitav
apprentice	õpipoiss
apprenticeship	praktikavõimalus
approach	lähenemine
approaching	läheneb
approbate	NO TRANSLATION
approbation	heakskiitmine
appropriate	asjakohane
appropriation	assigneering
approval	heakskiitmine
approve	heaks kiita
approved	heaks kiidetud
approvement	kinnitamine
approving	heaks kiita
approximate	ligikaudne
approximately	umbes
approximating	lähendamine
approximation	lähendus
appurtenances	lisaväärtused
apricot	aprikoos
apron	põll
apt	asjakohane
aptitude	sobivus
aqua	vesi
aquamarine	akvamariin
aquarium	akvaariumi
aquatic	vesi
aqueduct	akvedukt
aqueous	vesilahus
arable	põllumaa
arbiter	vahekohtunik
arbitrary	meelevaldne
arbitrate	vahekohtunik
arbitration	vahekohtumenetlus
arbitrator	vahekohtunik
arbor	lehtla
arc	kaar
arcade	arkaad
arcane	arkaan
arch	ark
archaeological	arheoloogiline
archaeologist	arheoloog
archaeology	arheoloogia
archaic	arhailine
archangel	orkester
archbishop	peapiiskop
archdiocese	peapiiskus
archduke	peapiiskop
arched	kaarjas
archer	archer
archery	vibulaskmine
archetype	arhetüüp
archipelago	saarestik
architect	arhitekt
architectural	arhitektuurne
architecture	arhitektuur
archive	arhiiv
arctic	arktiline
ardent	süütu
ardor	ah
arduous	raske
area	ala
arena	areenil
areola	areola
areyoukidding	NO TRANSLATION
areyoukiddingme	NO TRANSLATION
argent	NO TRANSLATION
argh	argh
arghh	NO TRANSLATION
arghhhh	NO TRANSLATION
argue	väidavad
argument	argument
argumentation	argumentatsioon
argumentative	argumentaalne
arguments	argumendid
arid	kuiv
arise	tekkida
aristocracy	aristokraatia
aristocrat	aristokraat
aristocratic	aristokraatlik
arithmetic	aritmeetika
ark	ark
arm	käsi
armada	armada
armament	relvastus
armaments	armament
armature	armatuur
armchair	tugitool
armed	relvastatud
armor	armor
armored	soomustatud
armory	armee
armpit	armpit
arms	relvad
army	armee
aroma	aroom
aromatherapy	aroomiteraapia
arousal	ärritus
arouse	ärritama
aroused	ärritunud
arraignment	arraignment
arrange	korraldama
arranged	korraldatud
arrangement	kokkulepe
array	massiiv
arrears	võlgnevused
arrest	arreteerimine
arrhythmia	arütmia
arrival	saabumine
arrive	saabuma
arrogance	ülbus
arrogant	ülbe
arrow	nool
arsehole	arsehole
arseholes	arseholes
arsenal	arsenal
arsenic	arseen
arson	süütamine
arsonist	süütamine
art	art
arterial	arteriaalne
artery	arteri
artful	kallis
arthritis	artriit
arthropod	lülijalgse
artichoke	artišokk
article	artikkel
articles	artiklid
articulate	sõnastama
articulation	liigendamine
artifact	artefakt
artifice	artifice
artificial	kunstlik
artillery	suurtükivägi
artisan	artisan
artist	kunstnik
artiste	NO TRANSLATION
artistic	kunstiline
artistry	kunstnikud
artists	kunstnikud
artwork	kunstiteos
arty	arty
asap	nii pea kui võimalik
asbestos	asbest
ascend	üles tõusma
ascendancy	ülestõusus
ascendant	ülenev
ascending	kasvav
ascension	ülestõusus
ascent	tõus
ascertain	kindlaks teha
ascertained	kindlaks tehtud
ascetic	askeet
ash	tuhk
ashamed	häbeneda
ashes	tuhk
ashtray	tuhatoos
asinine	asinine
ask	küsi
asleeep	NO TRANSLATION
asleep	magama
asp	asp
asparagus	spargel
aspartame	aspartaam
aspect	aspekt
aspects	aspekte
aspen	haab
asphalt	asfalt
asphyxia	asfiksia
asphyxiation	lämbumine
aspiration	püüdlus
aspire	püüdke
aspirin	aspiriin
aspiring	ambitsioonikas
ass	perse
assail	rünnak
assailant	ründaja
assassin	palgamõrvar
assassinate	mõrvati
assassination	mõrva
assault	rünnak
assay	test
assemblage	kokkupanek
assemble	kokku panema
assembled	kokku pandud
assembly	kokkupanek
assemblyman	kokkupanija
assent	nõusolek
assert	kinnitada
asserting	väites
assertion	väide
assertive	veenev
assess	hinnata
assessment	hindamine
assessor	hindaja
asset	vara
assets	varad
asshole	sitapea
assign	määrama
assignee	omandaja
assignment	ülesanne
assimilate	ühte sulama, assimileerima
assimilation	assimilatsioon
assist	abi
assistance	abi
assistant	assistent
associate	sidusettevõte
association	ühing
assorted	assortii
assortment	sortiment
assuage	ennustama
assume	eeldada
assumed	oletus
assuming	eeldades
assumption	eeldus
assurance	kindlustus
assure	kinnitan
assured	kindel
assuredly	kindlasti
asterisk	tärniga
asteroid	asteroid
asteroids	asteroidid
asthma	astma
asthmatic	astmaatiline
astigmatism	astigmatism
astonish	hämmastama
astonished	hämmastunud
astonishing	hämmastav
astonishingly	NO TRANSLATION
astonishment	hämmastus
astound	hämmastav
astral	astral
astray	eksitama
astringent	kahjutu
astrologer	astroloog
astrology	astroloogia
astronaut	astronaut
astronomer	astronoom
astronomical	astronoomiline
astronomy	astronoomia
astute	astute
asunder	asendama
asylum	varjupaik
asymmetric	asümmeetriline
asymmetry	asümmeetria
asymptotic	asümptootiline
atelier	ateljee
atheism	ateism
atheist	ateist
atheistic	ateistlik
atherosclerosis	ateroskleroos
athlete	sportlane
athletic	sportlik
athleticism	sportlikkus
athletics	kergejõustik
atlas	atlas
atmosphere	õhkkond
atmospheric	atmosfääriline
atoll	atoll
atom	aatom
atomic	aatomi
atone	puhas
atonement	lepitus
atpeace	rahus
atrium	aatrium
atrocious	julm
atrocity	vägivald
atrophy	atroofia
attach	kinnitage
attached	lisatud
attachment	kinnitus
attack	rünnak
attacker	ründaja
attacking	rünnata
attain	saavutama
attainable	saavutatav
attainment	saavutamine
attempt	katse
attempted	üritasin
attend	osalema
attendance	osalemine
attendant	saatja
attention	tähelepanu
attentionseeker	NO TRANSLATION
attentionseekers	NO TRANSLATION
attentive	tähelepanelik
attenuate	nõrgendama
attenuated	nõrgendatud
attenuation	sumbumine
attest	tõestada
attestation	tõendamine
attic	pööning
attire	riietus
attitude	suhtumine
attorney	vandeadvokaat
attract	meelitada
attraction	atraktsioon
attractive	atraktiivne
attractiveness	atraktiivsust
attributable	omistatav
attribute	atribuut
attribution	omistamine
attrition	hõõrdumine
auburn	auburn
auction	oksjonil
auctioneer	oksjonipidaja
audacious	talumatu
audacity	julmus
audible	kuuldav
audience	vaatajaskond
audio	heli
audit	audit
audition	kuulamine
auditions	auditooriumid
auditor	audiitor
auditorium	auditoorium
auditory	kuulaja
aught	ahv
augment	augment
augmentation	suurendamine
august	august
aunt	tädi
auntie	auntie
aura	aura
aurora	aurora
auspices	egiidi all
auspicious	õnnelik
austere	austere
austerity	karmistamine
authentic	autentne
authenticate	autentida
authentication	autentimine
authenticity	autentsus
author	autor
authoritative	autoriteetne
authority	asutus
authorization	luba
authorize	volitada
authorized	volitatud
authorship	autorsus
autism	autism
autistic	autistlik
auto	auto
autobiographical	autobiograafiline
autobiography	autobiograafia
autocorrect	autokorrekt
autocratic	autokraatlik
autograph	autogramm
autographed	autographed
automated	automatiseeritud
automatic	automaatne
automobile	auto
automotive	autotööstus
autonomy	autonoomia
autopilot	autopiloot
autopsy	autopsia
autumn	sügis
auxiliary	abiteenistujad
avail	kasutama
availability	kättesaadavus
available	saadaval
avalanche	laviin
avarice	avarus
avatar	avatar
avenge	kätte maksma
avenger	süüdlane
avenging	avenging
avenue	avenue
aver	NO TRANSLATION
average	keskmine
aversation	NO TRANSLATION
averse	ebasoovitav
averseness	nägemisvõime
aversion	vastumeelsus
avert	vältima
aviary	aviary
aviation	lennundus
aviator	aviator
avid	ahne
avocado	avokaado
avoid	vältima
avoidance	maksustamise vältimine
avoiding	vältida
await	oodata
awake	ärkvel
awaken	ärkama
awakening	ärkamine
award	auhind
awards	auhinnad
aware	teadlik
awareness	teadlikkus
awe	NO TRANSLATION
awed	oodatud
awesome	vinge
awesomeness	vinge
awestruck	ärkamine
awful	kohutav
awkward	ebamugav
awkwardness	ebamugavus
awning	varikatus
awry	viga
axe	kirves
axial	aksiaalne
axiom	aksioom
axiomatic	aksiaatiline
axis	telg
axle	telg
ay	jah
aye	aye
azimuth	asimuut
azure	silmadega
babble	lööma
babbling	piinamine
babe	babe
baboon	paavian
baby	beebi
babysit	lapsehoidja
babysitter	lapsehoidja
baccalaureate	küpsustunnistus
baccarat	baccarat
bachelor	bakalaureus
bachelorette	bachelorette
back	tagasi
backboard	tahvel
backbone	selgroog
backdoor	tagauks
backdrop	taustad
backer	toetaja
backfire	tagasilöök
backgammon	backgammon
background	taustal
backhand	tagurpidi
backhoe	ekskavaator
backoff	tagasilöök
backpack	seljakott
backpacker	seljakott
backroom	tugiruum
backseat	backseat
backside	tagakülg
backtrack	tagasilöök
backup	varukoopia
backward	tagasi
backwardness	mahajäämus
backwards	tagasi
backwater	tagakülg
backwoods	tagakülg
backyard	aias
bacon	peekon
bacteria	bakterid
bacterial	bakteriaalne
bacterium	bakter
bad	halb
badass	halastus
badday	NO TRANSLATION
badfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
badge	märgi
badger	mäger
badhabit	NO TRANSLATION
badly	halvasti
badness	halvasti
baffle	tõkesti
baffled	hämmingus
bag	kott
bagel	bagel
baggage	pagas
baggie	baggie
baggy	kotti
bagman	Bagman
bagpipes	kapslid
bail	kautsjoni
bailiff	kohtutäitur
bait	sööta
bake	küpseta
bakery	pagaritöökoda
baking	küpsetamine
bal	NO TRANSLATION
balance	tasakaal
balanced	tasakaalustatud
balcony	rõdu
bald	kiilas
balding	keppimine
baldy	kiilakas
bale	pall
balk	lööma
ball	pall
ballad	ballaad
ballast	liiteseade
ballerina	ballerina
ballet	ballett
ballgame	pallimäng
ballistic	ballistiline
ballistics	ballistika
balloon	balloon
ballot	hääletusvoor
ballpark	ballpark
ballplayer	kuulipallur
ballpoint	kuulipunkt
ballroom	tantsusaal
ballsy	palli
balm	palsam
balmy	palsam
balsam	palsam
balsamic	balsamic
bam	bam
bamboo	bambusest
ban	NO TRANSLATION
banana	banaan
band	bänd
bandage	sidemega
bandanna	NO TRANSLATION
bandit	bandiit
bandstand	ansambel
bandwagon	vangla vagun
bandwidth	ribalaius
bane	bane
bang	pahtu
banger	banger
banish	keelduma
banished	vallandatud
banishment	väljasaatmine
banister	vineerist
banjo	banjo
bank	pank
banker	pankur
banking	pangandus
bankroll	pankrot
bankrupt	pankrotti
bankruptcy	pankrot
banner	bänner
banquet	pidusöök
banshee	banshee
banter	röövimine
banzai	NO TRANSLATION
baptism	ristimine
baptismal	ristimine
baptize	ristitud
bar	baar
barb	jama
barbarian	barbaarne
barbaric	barbaarne
barbarism	barbarism
barbecue	grill
barbed	okastatakse
barber	juuksur
barbershop	juuksur
barbie doll	Barbie nukk
bard	bard
bare	tühi
bareback	pisarad
barefoot	paljajalu
barely	vaevu
barf	barf
bargain	sooduspakkumine
bargaining	läbirääkimised
barge	praam
baritone	bariton
barium	baarium
bark	koor
barkeep	sööma
barks	torkab
barley	oder
barmaid	barmaid
barman	baarimees
barn	laud
barnacle	barnakle
barney	barney
barnyard	barnyard
barometer	baromeeter
baron	baron
baroness	paruness
baroque	barokk
barrack	barrack
barracuda	barracuda
barrage	tõke
barred	aegunud
barrel	silinder
barren	viljatu
barricade	barrikaad
barrier	tõke
barring	piirang
barrister	vandeadvokaat
barroom	salongis
barrow	käru
bartender	baarimees
barter	barter
base	baas
baseball	pesapall
baseball bat	pesapallikurikas
baseboard	põrandalaud
baseless	alusetu
baseline	lähtejoon
baseman	bassein
basement	kelder
bases	alused
bash	bash
bashful	häbelik
basic	põhiline
basics	põhitõed
basil	basiilik
basilica	basiilika
basin	kauss
basis	alus
bask	baskima
basket	korv
basketball	korvpall
bass	bass
bass guitar	basskitarr
basso	NO TRANSLATION
bassoon	fagott
bastard	naine
bastarding	vallutamine
bastards	vennad
bastion	bastion
bat	nahkhiir
batch	partii
batching	partiide tootmine
bate	NO TRANSLATION
bath	vanni
bathe	ujuma
bathhouse	vannituba
bathing	suplemine
bathrobe	hommikumantel
bathroom	vannituba
bathtub	vanni
bathymetry	batümeetria
baton	baton
battalion	pataljon
batter	taignas
battered	peksis
battering	peksmine
battery	aku
battle	lahing
battled	võitles
battlefield	lahinguväljal
battleground	lahinguväli
battlements	vaheseinad
battleship	lahingulaev
batty	batty
bauble	triibuline
bawdy	vilets
bawl	bawl
bay	lahe
bayonet	bajonett
bayou	bayou
bazaar	bazaar
bazooka	bazooka
bday	bday
be	olgu
beach	rand
beaches	rannad
beacon	majakas
bead	rant
beading	beading
beads	helmed
beady	beady
beagle	beagle
beak	nokk
beaker	keeduklaas
beam	tala
beaming	säravad
bean	uba
beanbag	beanbag
beanie	beanie
bear	kandke
bearable	talutav
beard	habe
bearded	habemega
bearer	kandja
bearing	laager
bearings	laagrid
bearish	lohakas
bearskin	karusnahk
beast	metsaline
beastly	loomulikult
beat	peksma
beaten	peksti
beater	beater
beating	peksmine
beatnik	beatnik
beau	beau
beautification	beautification
beautiful	ilus
beautify	kaunistama
beauty	ilu
beaver	kobras
bebop	bebop
beck	tuli
beckon	kutsuma
become	saada
bed	voodi
bedding	voodipesu
bedpan	voodipesu
bedrock	aluspõhjakivi
bedroom	magamistuba
bedside	voodilinad
bedspread	voodikatted
bedtime	enne magamaminekut
bee	mesilane
beef	veiseliha
beefsteak	beefsteak
beehive	mesilased
beep	piiksu
beeper	piiks
beer	õlut
bees	mesilased
beeswax	mesilasvaha
beetle	mardikas
befall	tulema
befitting	sobib
befriend	sõpru
befuddled	peatuda
beg	palun
beggar	kullakas
begging	kerjamine
begin	alustada
beginner	algaja
beginning	algusest peale
beginnings	algused
begrudge	ärritama
begun	alanud
behappy	NO TRANSLATION
behave	käituma
behavior	käitumine
behavioral	käitumuslikkus
behemoth	behemoth
behest	käsku
behold	vaata
beholden	pidage seda
beholder	vaataja
beige	beez
belated	hilja
belay	Belay
belch	vihma
belief	veendumus
believable	usutav
believe	uskuge
believed	uskusin
believer	usklik
believing	usklik
belittle	alandama
belittled	alandatud
bell	kell
bellboy	kellakott
bellhop	kellapood
belligerent	sõjaväeline
bellman	bellman
bellow	allpool
bellows	lõõtsad
belly	kõht
bellybutton	naba
bellyful	vilets
belong	kuuluma
belongings	asjad
beloved	armastatud
belt	turvavöö
beluga	beluga
bemused	kõhklev
bench	pink
bend	painutada
bender	Bender
bending	painutamine
beneath	allpool
benedictory	Benedictory
benefactor	heategija
beneficial	kasulik
beneficiary	toetusesaaja
benefit	kasu
benevolence	heatahtlikkus
benevolent	heatahtlik
benign	healoomuline
bent	kõver
benzene	benseen
bequeath	pärandama
bequest	Pärand
bereaved	surnud
bereavement	kaotamine
bereft	kadunud
beret	beretti
bergamot	bergamot
berlin	berlin
berserk	berserk
berth	kai
beryllium	berüllium
beseech	palun
beset	hävitama
bestdayever	parim päev üldse
bestfeeling	parim tunne
bestfriends	parimad sõbrad
bestial	loomakasvatus
besties	besties
bestow	annetama
bestseller	bestseller
bet	panustama
beta	beeta
betray	heida ära
betrayal	reetmine
betrayed	reedetud
betrothed	vallutatud
betterment	paranemine
betting	kihlveod
betty	Betty
bevel	kooniline
beverage	jook
bevy	bevy
beware	ole ettevaatlik
bewilder	hämmastav
bewildered	hämmingus
bewilderment	hämmeldust
bias	kõrvalekalle
biased	erapooletu
bib	lips
bible	Piibel
biblical	piibellik
bibliography	bibliograafia
bicarbonate	bikarbonaat
bicentennial	kaheksakümne aasta pikkune
biceps	biceps
bicker	põrkama
bickering	pühkimine
bicolor	bicolor
bicycle	jalgratas
bid	pakkumine
bidder	pakkuja
bidding	pakkumine
bide	NO TRANSLATION
biennial	biennaal
bier	NO TRANSLATION
bifurcation	bifurkatsioon
big	suur
bigamy	bigamy
bigday	tähtis päev
biggestfear	NO TRANSLATION
biggie	biggie
bighorn	suur sarv
bigmouth	suur suu
bigot	võlur
bigoted	fanatiseeritud
bigotry	võluvägi
bike	jalgratas
biker	biker
bikini	bikiinid
bilateral	kahepoolne
bilayer	kahekihiline
bile	sapi
bilge	pilk
bilingual	kakskeelne
bill	arve
billboard	reklaamplaat
billet	arve
billiard	piljard
billiards	piljard
billing	arveldamine
billion	miljardit eurot
billionaire	miljardär
billy	billy
bimbo	bimbo
bimonthly	kord kuus
bin	prügikasti
binary	binaarne
bind	siduma
binder	sideaine
bindery	sidumine
binding	siduv
bing	bing
binge	imetamine
bingo	bingo
binocular	binokulaarne
binoculars	binoklid
binomial	kaheosaline
bio	bio
biochemical	biokeemiline
biochemist	biokeemik
biochemistry	biokeemia
biogenesis	bioenergeetika
biographer	biograaf
biography	elulugu
biological	bioloogiline
biologist	bioloog
biology	bioloogia
bionic	biooniline
biopsy	biopsia
biosphere	biosfäär
bipartite	kahepoolne
bipolar	bipolaarne
birch	kask
bird	lind
birdcage	birdcage
birdie	linnuke
birdman	linnumaja
birth	sündi
birthday	sünnipäev
birthing	birthing
birthmark	sünnimärk
birthplace	sünnikoht
birthright	sünniõigus
bis	NO TRANSLATION
biscuit	biskviit
bisexual	biseksuaal
bishop	piiskop
bison	bison
bisque	bisque
bistro	bistroo
bit	natuke
bitch	emane
bitchy	bitchy
bite	hammustada
biter	NO TRANSLATION
bitsy	bitsy
bitter	kibe
bitterly	kibedalt
bitterness	kibedus
bittersweet	kibedad
bitty	natuke
bitumen	bituumen
biweekly	kaks korda nädalas
biz	biz
bizarre	veider
blab	blab
blabbermouth	blabbermouth
black	must
black snake	must madu
blackberry	murakas
blackbird	mustad linnud
blackboard	tahvel
blacken	mustane
blackface	mustas
blackjack	blackjack
blacklist	musta nimekirja
blackmail	väljapressimine
blackmailer	šantažeerija
blackness	mustus
blackout	elektrikatkestus
blacksmith	sepp
bladder	kusepõis
blade	tera
blame	süüdistada
blameless	süütu
bland	õrn
blank	tühi
blanket	tekk
blare	blare
blase	NO TRANSLATION
blasphemous	pühadusekindel
blasphemy	jumalateotamine
blast	lööklaine
blaster	blaster
blastoff	lööklaine
blatant	tahtlik
blather	puhastage
blaze	põlema
blazer	bleiser
blazing	lõõskav
bleach	pleegitamine
bleak	kurb
bleed	verejooks
bleeder	vereerijat
bleeding	verejooks
bleep	lööma
blemish	plekk
blemished	plekiline
blend	segu
blender	segisti
blending	segamine
bless	õnnistagu
blessed	õnnis
blessing	õnnistamine
blessings	õnnistused
bleu	bleu
blight	halb
blighted	muretud
blimp	pilguheit
blind	pime
blinded	pimestav
blindfold	silmad kinni
blindfolded	silmadega
blinding	silmatorkav
blindly	pimesi
blindness	pimedus
blink	vilkuma
blip	lööklaine
bliss	õndsus
blissful	õnnis
blister	blister
blistering	villitud
blitz	blitz
blizzard	pimedus
bloat	paisuma
bloated	paisunud
blob	loll
block	blokeerida
blockade	blokaad
blockage	blokeerimine
blockbuster	filmikunstnik
blockhead	pealetung
blog	blogi
bloke	blokeerima
blond	blond
blonde	blond
blood	veri
bloodbath	verevangis
bloodhound	veresauna
bloodless	verine
bloodline	verejooks
bloodshed	verevalamine
bloodshot	verevalamine
bloodstream	vereringe
bloodthirsty	verejanuline
bloody	verine
bloom	õitsema
bloomers	bloomers
blooming	õitsev
blossom	õis
blot	blot
blotched	puhastatud
blotter	blotter
blouse	pluus
blow	löök
blower	puhur
blowfish	puhkeala
blowing	puhumine
blowjob	blowjob
blown	puhutud
blowout	välja puhuma
blowtorch	lööklaine
blubber	jama
bluddy	viga
blue	sinine
blue spruce	sinine kuus
blueberry	mustika
bluebird	bluebird
bluegrass	bluegrass
bluejay	bluejay
blueprint	plaan
blues	blues
bluff	bluff
bluish	sinakas
blunder	viga
blunt	nüri
blur	hägusus
blurred	ähmane
blurry	udune
blurt	hägune
blush	punane
blushing	punane
boa	NO TRANSLATION
boa constrictor	NO TRANSLATION
boar	metssiga
board	pardal
board game	Lauamäng
boarder	NO TRANSLATION
boarding	laevasõit
boardroom	juhatusel
boards	lauad
boardwalk	laudteed
boast	kiidelda
boastful	kiiduväärne
boasting	kiidelda
boat	paat
boathouse	botaanikas
boating	paadisõit
boatload	boatload
boatman	paadimees
bobbin	spiraal
bobcat	bobcat
bobsled	bobsleed
bode	bode
bodega	bodega
bodice	kummuli
bodily	keha
body	keha
bodyguard	ihukaitsja
bog	raba
bogey	muretud
bogeyman	vennasõitja
bogus	võlts
bohemian	boheemlased
boil	keema
boiler	boiler
boilerplate	katteplaat
boiling	keevas
boisterous	tormakas
bold	julge
boldness	julgust
bollocks	bollocks
bolster	toetage
bolt	polt
bolus	boolus
bomb	pomm
bombard	pommitama
bombardier	pommitaja
bombardment	pommitamine
bombed	pommitatakse
bomber	pommitaja
bombers	pommitajad
bombing	pommitamine
bombshell	pomm
bonanza	Bonanza
bonbon	NO TRANSLATION
bond	võlakiri
bondage	vangistus
bonding	sidumine
bonds	võlakirjad
bondsman	võlakirik
bone	luu
bonehead	luuheid
boner	kobama
bones	luud
bonfire	tulekahju
bong	bong
bonkers	bonkers
bonne	NO TRANSLATION
bonnet	kapott
bonny	kena õhtu
bonsai	bonsai
bonus	boonus
bony	luustik
boo	boo
boob	boob
booby	jama
booger	booger
boogeyman	boogeyman
boogie	boogie
book	raamat
bookcase	raamatukapp
bookie	bookie
booking	broneerimine
bookish	broneerima
bookkeeper	raamatupidaja
bookkeeping	raamatupidamine
booklet	brošüür
bookmaker	kihlveovahendaja
bookmark	järjehoidja
books	raamatud
bookseller	raamatukauplus
bookshop	raamatupood
bookstore	raamatupood
bookworm	raamatukogu
boom	buum
boomer	boomer
boomerang	boomerang
booming	õitseb
boon	õnnistus
boooo	NO TRANSLATION
boost	kiirendama
booster	võimendus
boot	boot
booth	kabiin
bootleg	bootleg
bootlegger	bootlegger
boots	saapad
booty	saak
booze	booze
bop	bop
bopper	bopper
border	piiri
bordering	piirnevad
borderline	piiriülese
bore	kandis
boreal	boreaalsed
bored	igav
boredom	igavus
borer	puur
boring	igav
born	sündinud
boron	boor
borough	linnaosa
borrow	laenama
borrower	laenuvõtja
bosom	bosom
boss	ülemus
bossy	bossy
boston	Boston
botanical	botaaniline
botanist	botaanik
botany	botaanika
bother	vaeva
bothering	häirib
bottle	pudel
bottleneck	pudelikael
bottling	villimine
bottom	põhja
bottomless	sügavalt
botulism	botulism
boulder	rahnud
bounce	põrgatama
bouncer	bouncer
bouncy	püsti
bound	seotud
boundary	piiri
boundless	piiritu
bounds	piirid
bountiful	rikkalik
bounty	halastus
bouquet	kimp
bourbon	bourbon
bourgeois	kodanlik
bourgeoisie	kodanlus
bourse	börs
bout	viga
boutique	boutique
bouttime	bouttime
bovine	veis
bow	vibu
bowed	kummardunud
bowel	soole
bowels	süda
bowl	kaussi
bowler	pallur
bowling	bowling
bowls	potid
box	kasti
boxcar	karkass
boxer	poksija
boxers	poksijad
boxing	poks
boy	poiss
boycott	boikoteerima
boyfriend	poiss-sõber
boyhood	poissia
boyish	poisteline
boysenberry	boysenberry
bozo	bozo
bra	rinnahoidja
brace	traksidega
bracelet	käevõru
braces	traksid
brachial	Brachial
bracket	sulg
brackets	sulgudes
brackish	riimikas
brad	brad
brag	hiilgama
braid	punutud
brain	aju
brainless	ajukahjulik
brains	ajud
brainstorm	ajurünnak
brainwash	ajupesu
brainy	vaimne
brake	pidurdama
bran	kliid
branch	filiaal
branching	hargnev
brand	bränd
brandy	brändi
brash	tormakas
brass	messing
brass knuckle	messingipähkel
brassiere	rinnahoidja
brat	jõmpsikas
bratwurst	bratwurst
bravado	bravado
brave	vapper
bravery	vaprus
brawl	lööma
brawn	sügelemine
brazen	brazen
breach	rikkumine
bread	leib
breadth	laius
break	murda
breakable	lagunev
breakaway	lahku
breakdown	lagunema
breaker	kaitselüliti
breakers	kaitselülitid
breakfast	hommikusöök
breaking and entering	sissemurdmine
breakingnews	erakorralised uudised
breakneck	lööklaine
breakthrough	läbimurre
breakup	lahku minema
breast	rinnaga
breath	hingetõmme
breathe	hingake
breather	hingetõmme
breathless	hingeldav
breathtaking	hingemattev
breech	karvane
breeches	põlvpüksid
breed	tõug
breeder	kasvataja
breeding	aretamine
breeze	tuli
breezy	vilets
brethren	vennad
breve	NO TRANSLATION
brevity	lühidust
brew	pruulima
brewery	õlletehas
brewing	pruulimine
briar	briar
bribe	altkäemaksu andmine
bribery	altkäemaks
brick	tellis
bridal	pruudi
bride	pruut
bridegroom	peigmees
bridesmaid	pruutneitsi
bridge	sild
bridle	vorster
brief	lühike
briefcase	kohver
briefing	infotund
briefly	lühidalt
brig	brig
brigade	brigaad
bright	särav
brighten	heledamaks
brightens	brillges
brighter	heledam
brightness	heledus
brilliance	sära
brilliant	suurepärane
brim	äär
brimming	viimistlemine
brimstone	vääni
brine	soolvees
bring	tuua
brink	äärele
brisk	kiire
brisket	rinnatükk
bristle	harjased
brittle	rabe
bro	bro
broach	tõmmata
broad	lai
broadcast	ringhääling
broadcasting	ringhääling
broaden	laiendama
broadside	laia taha
broadsword	sõnastik
brocade	brokaat
broccoli	brokkoli
brochure	brošüür
broil	praetud
broke	murdis
broken	katki
brokenheart	NO TRANSLATION
brokenhearted	murtud südamega
broker	vahendaja
brokerage	maaklerlus
bromide	bromiid
bronco	bronco
bronze	pronks
brooch	pross
brood	poeginud
brooding	poegimine
brook	jõgi
broom	luud
broomstick	hambakivi
broth	puljong
brothel	bordell
brother	vend
brotherhood	vennaskond
brotherly	vendlikult
brow	noh
brown	pruun
brownstone	pruunikasvatus
browse	sirvige
brrr	brrr
bruise	verevalumid
bruising	verevalumid
brunch	Brunch
brunette	brünett
brunt	koormus
brush	harja
brutal	jõhker
brutality	jõhkrus
brute	jõhker
brutish	jõuline
bubble	mull
bubbling	mullitamine
bubbly	kihisev
bubonic	bubooniline
buck	buck
buckaroo	buckaroo
bucket	kopp
buckle	lukk
buckled	pandud
bucko	bucko
buckshot	tramp
buckwheat	tatar
bud	bud
buddha	buda
buddhism	budism
buddhist	budistlik
budding	järkjärguline
buddy	sõber
budge	liikuma
budget	eelarve
buff	puhver
buffalo	pühvlid
buffer	puhver
buffering	puhverdamine
buffet	buffet
buffoon	buffoon
bug	viga
bugaboo	bugaboo
bugged	bugged
bugger	kutt
buggy	lollakas
bugle	lööma
bugler	bugler
build	ehitama
builder	ehitaja
building	hoone
buildings	ehitised
buildup	üles ehitama
bulb	pirn
bulbous	sibulakujuline
bulge	pahkluu
bulimic	bulimic
bulk	lahtiselt
bulkhead	vahesein
bulky	kogukas
bull	pull
bulldog	buldog
bulldozer	buldooser
bullet	bullet
bulletin	bülletään
bulletproof	kuulikindel
bullfighter	härjaväeja
bullfrog	kuldkull
bullheaded	tibukesed
bullhorn	härjavärv
bullion	väärismetallikangid
bullock	härjavärv
bullpen	jõulupüstol
bullshit	jama
bully	kiusaja
bulwark	kaitsetõkk
bum	kallis
bumblebee	kimalaste
bummed	kukkunud
bummer	purjeja
bump	lööma
bumper	kaitseraud
bumpy	kallis
bun	NO TRANSLATION
bunch	kamp
bundle	kimp
bungalow	bungalo
bungee	benji
bunghole	bunghole
bunion	bunion
bunk	rumalus
bunker	punker
bunkhouse	bunkhouse
bunny	jänku
bunt	bunt
buoy	poi
buoyancy	ujuvus
buoyant	ujuv
bur	bur
burden	koorem
burdened	koormatud
burdensome	koormav
bureau	büroo
bureaucracy	bürokraatia
bureaucrat	bürokraat
bureaucratic	bürokraatlik
burger	burger
burglar	sissemurdja
burglary	murdvargus
burial	matmine
buried	maetud
burke	burke
burlap	salvrätik
burlesque	Burlesque
burly	tormakas
burn	põletada
burned	põles
burner	põleti
burning	põletamine
burnished	põletatud
burnout	läbi põlema
burnt	põles
burp	röhitsema
burr	söömine
burrito	burrito
burro	NO TRANSLATION
burrow	nurk
bursary	stipendium
burst	lõhkema
bury	matta
bus	buss
busboy	busboy
bush	bush
bushel	bushel
bushy	kummitav
business	äri
business man	NO TRANSLATION
businessman	ärimees
businesswoman	ärinaine
busload	busload
buss	buss
bust	büst
busted	vahele jäänud
buster	Buster
bustle	sebimine
bustling	tormakas
busy	hõivatud
busybody	busybody
butane	butaan
butcher	lihunik
butler	toidukorraldaja
butt	tagumik
butter	või
buttercup	buttercup
butterfly	liblikas
buttermilk	petipiim
butterscotch	butterscotch
buttery	võine
buttock	tuhar
buttocks	tuharad
button	nuppu
buttress	tugipunkt
buxom	buxom
buy	osta
buyer	ostja
buying	ostmine
buzz	buzz
buzzard	buzzard
buzzed	buzzed
buzzer	sädemeja
buzzing	sumin
bye	bye
bygone	möödas
bylaw	seadusega
byline	byline
bypass	ümbersõit
bystander	kõrvalseisja
byte	bait
byzantine	bütsantsi
cab	Takso
cabal	cabal
cabana	kaban
cabaret	kabaree
cabbage	kapsas
cabbie	cabbie
cabernet	kabeliühendus
cabin	salongi
cabinet	kabinet
cable	kaabel
caboodle	caboodle
caboose	caboose
cabriolet	kabriolett
cache	vahemälu
cacophony	kakofoonia
cactus	kaktus
cad	cad
cadaver	lõvi
caddie	NO TRANSLATION
caddy	Caddy
cadence	juhuslikkus
cadet	kadett
cafe	kohvik
cafeteria	kohvik
caffeine	kofeiin
cage	puur
cagey	cagey
cahoots	kohupiimad
cairn	cairn
cake	kook
cakewalk	Cakewalk
calamari	kalamari
calamitous	õnnetu
calamity	õnnetus
calcareous	lubjakivi
calcium	kaltsium
calculate	arvutama
calculated	arvutatud
calculating	arvutades
calculation	arvutus
calculator	kalkulaator
calculus	calculus
calendar	kalender
calender	NO TRANSLATION
calf	vasikas
caliber	kaliibriga
calibrate	kalibreerige
calico	kalico
calipers	kliimaseadmed
calisthenics	arstiteadus
call	helistama
callback	helista tagasi
caller	helistaja
calligraphy	kalligraafia
calling	kutsudes
callous	kallis
calls	kõned
calm	rahulik
calming	rahustav
calmness	rahulikkus
caloric	kaloriline
calorie	kalorit
calorimeter	kalorimeeter
cam	nukk
camaraderie	võrdsus
camber	kamber
camcorder	videokaamera
camel	kaamel
cameo	kameeja
camera	kaamera
cameraman	operaator
camisole	kapsel
camouflage	kamuflaaž
camouflaged	NO TRANSLATION
camp	laagrisse
campaign	kampaania
campaigner	võitleja
campaigning	kampaaniad
camper	laagris
campfire	lõkkeplats
camping	telkimine
campsite	puhkekülas või laagris
campus	ülikoolilinnak
can	saab
can opener	purgiavaja
canal	kanal
canary	kanariin
cancel	tühistada
canceling	tühistamine
cancellation	tühistamine
cancer	vähk
candid	siiralt
candidacy	kandidatuur
candidate	kandidaat
candied	suhkrustatud
candle	küünal
candlelight	küünlavalgus
candles	küünlad
candlestick	küünlajalg
candor	kummardus
candy	kristalliseerunud
cane	suhkruroo
canine	koer
canister	kanister
canker	katkestama
cannabis	kanepit
canned	konserveeritud
cannibal	kannibal
cannibalism	kannibalism
canning	konserveerimine
cannon	kahur
cannonball	Cannonball
canoe	kanuu
canon	kanon
canonical	kanooniline
canons	kanonid
canopy	kuppel
cantaloupe	küüslaugu
cantbreathe	NO TRANSLATION
canteen	söökla
canterbury	canterbury
canthandleit	NO TRANSLATION
cantilever	konsool
cantina	Cantina
canto	NO TRANSLATION
canton	kanton
cantstandit	NO TRANSLATION
cantwin	Cantwin
canvas	lõuend
canvass	NO TRANSLATION
canyon	kanjon
cap	kork
capability	võime
capable	võimeline
capacity	võimsus
cape	koobas
caper	kaper
capillary	kapillaar
capital	kapitali
capitalism	kapitalism
capitalist	kapitalistlik
capitalize	kapitaliseerima
capitals	pealinnad
capitation	üleujutus
capitol	capitol
capitulation	kapitulatsioon
cappuccino	cappuccino
caprice	caprice
capricious	kapriisne
caps	mütsid
capslock	kapslakk
capsule	kapsel
captain	kapten
caption	pealdis
captivate	haarama
captivating	võluv
captive	vangistuses
captivity	vangistus
captor	vangistaja
capture	püüdmine
car	auto
caramel	karamell
carat	karaat
caravan	haagissuvila
carbon	süsinik
carburetor	karburaator
carcass	rümp
carcinoma	kartsinoom
card	kaart
cardboard	papp
cardiac	südamehaigus
cardigan	kardigan
cardinal	kardinal
cardiologist	kardioloog
cardiology	kardioloogia
cardiomyopathy	kardiomüopaatia
cards	kaardid
care	hooli
career	karjäär
carefree	muretu
careful	ettevaatlik
carefully	hoolikalt
careless	hooletu
carelessness	hooletus
caress	kallis
caret	hoolitsema
caretaker	hooldaja
cargo	lasti
caribou	Caribou
caricature	karikatuur
caries	kariis
caring	hooliv
carjack	Carjack
carnage	tapmine
carnal	lihaloomuline
carnation	nelk
carnival	karneval
carnivorous	lihasööja
carol	Carol
carols	kellad
carousel	karussell
carp	karpkala
carpal	murtud
carpenter	puusepp
carpentry	puusepatööd
carpet	vaip
carpeting	vaipkatted
carpool	karupool
carriage	vedu
carried	veetud
carrier	vedaja
carrot	porgand
carry	kandma
carrying	kandma
carsick	carsick
cart	ostukorvi
carte	NO TRANSLATION
cartel	kartell
carter	karter
cartilage	kõhr
cartographic	kartograafiline
cartography	kartograafia
carton	karp
cartoon	cartoon
cartouche	NO TRANSLATION
cartridge	kassett
carve	nikerdama
carver	carver
carving	nikerdus
cascade	kaskaadi
case	juhtum
casein	kaseiin
cash	sularahas
cashier	kassapidaja
cashmere	kašmiir
casing	korpus
casino	kasiino
cask	mahuti
casket	purskkaev
casserole	Pannkoogid
cassette	kassett
cast	valatud
castaway	ära visatud
caste	kaste
caster	ratas
castle	loss
castor	ratas
castrate	kastreeritud
castration	kastreerimine
casual	juhuslik
casually	juhuslikult
casualty	õnnetus
cat	kass
catabolism	katabolism
catalog	kataloogi
catalogue	kataloogi
catalysis	katalüüs
catalyst	katalüsaator
catalytic	katalüütiline
catamaran	katamaraan
catapult	katapuld
cataract	katarakt
catastrophe	katastroof
catastrophic	katastroofiline
catatonic	katatooniline
catch	saak
catcher	püüdja
catching	püüdmine
catchphrase	märke fraas
catchy	meeldejääv
catechism	katekism
categorical	kategooriline
category	kategooria
cater	teenindama
caterer	toitlustusettevõtja
caterpillar	roomik
cates	cates
catfish	säga
cathartic	katartik
cathedral	katedraal
catheter	kateeter
catholic	katoliiklik
cathouse	Katusekoda
catnip	kassipiim
cattle	veised
catwalk	katwalk
caucus	vestlusgrupp
caudal	Kaaudal
cauldron	pott
cauliflower	lillkapsas
caulk	kookuma
causal	põhjuslik
causality	põhjuslik põhjus
causation	põhjuslik põhjus
cause	põhjustada
caused	põhjustatud
causeway	maja tee
caution	ettevaatlik
cautionary	ettevaatlik
cautious	ettevaatlik
cautiously	ettevaatlikult
cavalier	kavalier
cavalry	ratsavägi
cave	koobas
caveat	hoiatus
caveman	koobasemeja
cavern	koobas
cavernous	cavernous
caviar	kaaviar
caving	kukkumine
cavity	õõnsus
cayenne	Cayenne
cease	lõpetada
ceasefire	relvarahu
ceaseless	lakkamatu
cedar	seeder
cede	loobuma
ceiling	ülemmäära
celebrant	tähistaja
celebrate	tähistama
celebrated	tähistati
celebrating	tähistades
celebration	pidu
celebrations	pidustused
celebratory	pidulik
celebrity	kuulsus
celery	seller
celestial	taevas
celibacy	tselibaat
celibate	celibate
cell	rakk
cellar	kelder
cellblock	cellblock
cellist	tšellist
cellmate	poissmees
cello	tšello
cellophane	tsellofaan
cellular	rakuline
cellulite	tselluliit
celluloid	tselluloidi
cement	tsement
cemented	tsementeeritud
cemetery	kalmistu
censor	tsensor
censorship	tsensuur
censure	umbusaldust
census	loendus
cent	senti
centenary	100. aastapäev
centennial	100-aastane
center	Keskus
centerfold	centerfold
centerpiece	keskele
centimeter	sentimeetri kohta
centipede	hingameelne
central	keskne
centrality	keskvalitsus
centralization	tsentraliseerimine
centralize	tsentraliseerida
centrally	tsentraalselt
centrifugal	tsentrifugaal
centrifuge	tsentrifuugitakse
centurion	tsenturion
century	sajandil
ceramic	keraamiline
ceramics	keraamika
cereal	teravilja
cereals	teraviljad
cerebral	tserebraalne
ceremonial	pidulik
ceremony	tseremoonia
certain	teatud
certainty	kindlus
certifiable	sertifitseeritav
certificate	sertifikaat
certified	sertifitseeritud
certify	kinnitage
cervical	emakakaela
cervix	emakakaelavähk
cess	lõpetan
cessation	lõpetamine
cesspool	Cesspool
cha cha	NO TRANSLATION
chaff	toorik
chafing	jahvatamine
chagrin	kummitus
chagrined	kallis
chai	Chai
chain	kett
chainsaw	kettsaag
chair	juhatusel
chairman	esimees
chairperson	eesistuja
chairwoman	esimees
chaise	tšilli
chalet	suvila
chalice	söögikoht
chalk	kriit
challenge	väljakutse
challenger	väljakutsuja
chamber	kamber
chambermaid	kammeroom
chambers	kojad
chameleon	kameeleon
champ	tšemp
champagne	šampanja
champion	meister
championship	meistrivõistlused
chance	võimalus
chancellor	kantsler
chandelier	lühter
chandler	Chandler
change	muutus
changeable	muutuv
changed	muudetud
changer	vahetaja
changing	muutumas
channel	kanal
chant	chant
chaos	kaos
chaotic	kaootiline
chap	peasekretär
chapel	kabel
chaperon	Chaperon
chaplain	kapelane
chapman	Chapman
chaps	vahvad
chapter	peatükk
char	sümboliseerima
character	iseloomu
characteristic	iseloomulik
characterize	iseloomustada
charade	šarad
charcoal	süsi
chardonnay	Chardonnay
charge	tasu
chargeable	maksustatav
charger	laadija
chariot	vanker
charisma	karisma
charismatic	karismaatiline
charitable	heategevuslik
charity	heategevus
charlatan	karlatan
charm	võlu
charmed	võluv
charmer	charmer
charming	võluv
charred	karastatud
chart	diagramm
charter	harta
chartered	prahitud
chase	jälitama
chased	jälitanud
chaser	vahistaja
chasm	häbemus
chassis	šassii
chaste	tore
chastened	karistatakse
chastisement	karistus
chastity	kirglikkus
chat	vestlus
chateau	šateet
chatter	jututuba
chatterbox	tibutama
chattering	vestlemine
chatty	vestlema
chauffeur	autojuht
chauvinist	šovinist
cheap	odav
cheapened	odavnenud
cheapskate	odavlinn
cheat	petan
cheater	petmine
check	Kontrollima
checkbook	tšekiraamat
checker	kontrollija
checkered	keraamiline
checkers	kontrollerid
checklist	kontrollnimekiri
checkmate	kassipoiss
checkout	checkout
checkpoint	kontrollpunkti
checkup	kontrollimine
cheek	põske
cheeks	põsed
cheeky	naljakas
cheep	kuumutama
cheer	tervitada
cheered	cheered
cheerful	rõõmsameelne
cheerfulness	rõõmsus
cheering	tervitus
cheerleader	cheerleader
cheerleading	Cheerleading
cheerless	rõõmsameelne
cheers	tervitused
cheery	rõõmsameelne
cheese	juust
cheeseburger	juusturburger
cheesecake	juustukook
cheesy	juustumaitse
cheetah	gepard
chef	peakokk
chemical	keemiline
chemise	NO TRANSLATION
chemist	keemik
chemistry	keemia
chemo	kemo
chemotherapy	keemiaravi
cheque	Kontrollima
cherish	hellitada
cherishing	hoolitsemine
cherry	kirss
cherub	kerubiin
chess	male
chest	rind
chestnut	kastan
chevron	Chevron
chew	närida
chewy	närimine
chic	šikk
chicane	šikaan
chick	tibu
chicken	kana
chicken pox	tuulerõuged
chickenpox	tuulerõuged
chief	pealik
chiefly	peamiselt
chieftain	juht
chiffon	šifoon
child	laps
childbirth	sünnitust
childhood	lapsepõlves
childish	lapselik
childless	lapseta
childlike	lapsed
childloss	NO TRANSLATION
children	lapsed
chili	tšilli
chill	külm
chilled	jahutatud
chilling	jahutamine
chilly	tšilli
chime	chime
chimera	kimäär
chimes	chimes
chimney	korsten
chimp	šimpansi
chimpanzee	šimpans
chin	lõug
china	Hiina
chinchilla	šinšill
chine	NO TRANSLATION
chinook	chinook
chip	kiip
chipmunk	chipmunk
chipper	hakkur
chipping	hakkimine
chiropractor	Kiropraktikko
chirp	chirp
chirping	kirpistamine
chisel	peitel
chiseler	pisike
chit	sööma
chitchat	loba
chivalry	rüütelkond
chloride	kloriid
chlorine	kloor
chloroform	kloroform
chocolate	šokolaad
choice	valik
choir	koor
choke	õhuklapp
cholera	koolera
cholesterol	kolesterooli
choose	vali
choosing	valides
choosy	valiv
chop	karbonaad
chopper	chopper
choppers	hakkijad
chopping	tükeldamine
chops	karbonaad
choral	koor
chord	akord
chords	akordid
chore	petetud
choreographer	koreograaf
choreography	koreograafia
chorus	koor
chosen	valitud
chow	Chow
chowder	Chowder
christ	kristlane
christen	NO TRANSLATION
christening	ristimine
christian	kristlane
christmas	jõulud
christmasbreak	NO TRANSLATION
christmaseve	NO TRANSLATION
christmasspirit	NO TRANSLATION
christmassy	christmassy
christmastime	jõulupüha
chromatic	kromaatiline
chromatography	kromatograafia
chrome	kroom
chromium	kroom
chromosome	kromosoom
chronic	krooniline
chronicle	kroonika
chronograph	kronograaf
chronological	kronoloogiline
chubby	tüdinenud
chuck	kruvi
chuckle	naerma
chug	kärpima
chum	kummitus
chummy	kummitaja
chump	kukk
chunk	rüht
chunky	räpane
church	kirik
churchyard	kirikuaias
churn	ajutine
chute	luuk
chutney	chutney
ciao	ciao
cider	siider
cigar	sigari
cigarette	sigaret
cilantro	cilantro
cinch	süüa
cinder	söökla
cinema	kino
cinematic	Kinemaat
cinematographer	operaator
cinematography	kinematograafia
cinnamon	kaneel
cipher	šifer
circle	ring
circling	ringlev
circuit	ringlus
circuitry	lülitused
circular	ümmargune
circulate	ringlema
circulation	ringlusse
circulatory	vereringe
circumcision	ümberlõikamine
circumference	ümbermõõt
circumferential	ümberringi
circumscribed	piiratud
circumstance	asjaolu
circumstances	asjaolud
circumstantial	kaudne
circumvent	kõrvale
circumvention	kõrvalehoidmine
circus	tsirkus
cirque	cirque
cirrhosis	tsirroos
cirrus	tsirrus
cistern	tsistern
citadel	tsitadel
citation	tsitaat
cite	tsiteerige
citizen	kodanik
citizenship	kodakondsus
citrine	tsitriin
citrus	tsitrusviljad
city	linn
citywide	üle kogu maailma
civic	kodanik
civics	kodanikuõpetus
civil	tsiviilõigus
civilian	tsiviilisik
civilians	tsiviilisikud
civility	viisakus
civilization	tsivilisatsioon
civilized	tsiviliseeritud
clad	plakeeritud
claim	nõue
claimant	hageja
clairvoyant	selgeltnägijaga
clam	clam
clambake	kukk
clammy	vahustatud
clamor	klamma
clamp	klamber
clan	klann
clandestine	salajane
clang	klang
clap	plaksutama
clapper	klapper
clapping	klapimine
clarification	selgitus
clarify	selgitage
clarinet	klarnet
clarion	clarion
clarity	selgus
clash	kokkupõrge
clashing	kokkutõmbumine
clasp	kinnine
class	klassis
classic	klassikaline
classic rock	klassikaline rock
classical	klassikaline
classics	klassika
classification	klassifikatsioon
classified	salastatud
classify	liigitada
classmate	klassikaaslane
classroom	klassiruumis
classy	stiilne
clatter	klammerdama
clause	klausel
clauses	klausleid
claustrophobia	klaustrofoobia
claustrophobic	klaustrofoobne
clavicle	klavikeel
claw	küünis
claws	küünised
clay	savi
clean	puhas
cleaner	puhastaja
cleaning	puhastamine
cleanliness	puhtus
cleanly	puhas
cleanse	puhastada
cleanser	puhastaja
cleansing	puhastamine
cleanup	korista ära
clear	selge
clearance	kliirens
clearing	puhastamine
clearness	selgus
cleat	klapp
cleavage	lõhustamine
cleave	lagunema
cleaver	NO TRANSLATION
clef	klahv
cleft	lõhe
clemency	armastus
clench	kleepima
clergy	vaimulikkond
clergyman	vaimulik
cleric	vaimulik
clerical	vaimulik
clerk	sekretär
clerkship	ametnikud
clever	tark
cleverness	tarkus
click	kliki
clicker	klikija
client	klient
clientele	klientuur
cliff	kalju
climate	kliima
climatology	kliimatoloogia
climax	kulminatsioon
climb	ronida
climber	ronija
clinch	klinnida
cling	kinni pidama
clingy	kleepuv
clinic	kliinikus
clinical	kliiniline
clink	klammerdama
clip	klipp
clipboard	lõikepuhvrisse
clipper	lõikur
clipping	lõikamine
clique	NO TRANSLATION
clitoris	kliitor
cloak	varjatud
cloaking	varjamine
cloakroom	garderoob
clobber	clobber
clock	kell
clockwork	kella töö
clod	klod
clog	ummistama
cloister	klooster
clone	kloon
cloning	kloonimine
close	Sulge
closed	suletud
closeness	lähedus
closet	kapp
closure	sulgemine
clot	hüübima
cloth	riie
clothe	riietes
clothes	riided
clothesline	riiete rihm
clothing	Riietus
cloud	pilv
clouded	pilvine
cloudiness	pilvisus
clouds	pilved
cloudy	pilves ilm
clout	mõjutama
clove	nelk
clover	ristik
cloves	nelk
clown	kloun
clowns	klounid
club	klubi
clubhouse	klubihoone
clubs	klubid
cluck	rihvel
clue	vihje
clueless	ilmselgelt
clump	klomp
clumsy	kohmakas
clunk	jama
cluster	klastri
clutch	sidur
clutches	sidurid
clutter	segadusega
coach	treener
coachman	vagun
coagulation	koagulatsioon
coal	kivisüsi
coalesce	ühinevad
coalition	koalitsioon
coarse	jäme
coast	rannikul
coastal	rannikuäärne
coaster	rannasõidulaev
coastline	rannajoon
coat	mantlid
coating	kate
coax	kummardama
cobalt	koobalt
cobble	munakivi
cobbler	kuller
cobra	koobra
cocaine	kokaiin
cock	kukk
cockamamie	cockamamie
cockeyed	kooki
cockpit	kokpit
cockroach	prussakas
cocksucker	cocksucker
cocktail	kokteil
cocky	upsakas
cocoa	kakao
coconut	kookospähkel
cocoon	kookon
cod	tursk
code	kood
codeine	kodeiin
codex	koodeks
codfish	tursk
codification	kodifitseerimine
codify	kodifitseerida
coding	kodeerimine
coed	koed
coefficient	koefitsient
coerce	sunnitud
coercion	sundimine
coercive	sunniviisiline
coexist	kooseksisteerimine
coexistence	kooseksisteerimine
coexisting	kooseksisteerimine
coffee	kohvi
coffee table	kohvilaud
coffeehouse	kohvik
coffeepot	kohvikann
coffin	kirst
cog	hammas
cogent	veenev
cognac	konjak
cognate	sugulane
cognition	tunnetus
cognitive	kognitiivne
cohabitation	kooselu
coherence	sidusus
coherent	sidus
cohesion	ühtekuuluvus
cohesive	ühtekuuluvus
cohort	kohordi
coil	spiraal
coiled	rullis
coin	münt
coinage	mündid
coincide	langeb kokku
coincidence	kokkusattumus
coincident	kokkulangevus
coincidental	juhuslik
coinciding	langeb kokku
coke	koks
cola	Cola
cold	külm
coldly	külmalt
coldness	külm
coldsweat	NO TRANSLATION
coleslaw	Coleslaw
colic	koolikud
coliseum	Coliseum
collaborate	tee koostööd
collaboration	koostöö
collaborator	koostööpartner
collage	kollaaž
collagen	kollageen
collapse	kollaps
collar	krae
collarbone	ristluu
collate	võrdlema
collateral	tagatis
collation	võrdlemine
colleague	kolleeg
collect	koguma
collected	tasakaalukas
collection	kollektsioon
collective	kollektiivne
collectively	ühiselt
collector	koguja
college	kolledž
collegiate	kollegiaalne
collide	põrge
collie	Kollie
collision	kokkupõrge
collocation	kollokatsioon
colloquial	kõnekeelne
collusion	kokkumängu
cologne	Köln
colon	jämesooles
colonel	kolonel
colonial	koloniaal
colonic	jämesoole
colonoscopy	kolonoskoopia
colony	koloonia
colophon	kolofon
color	värv
coloration	värvus
colored	värviline
colorful	värviline
coloring	värvimine
colorless	värvitu
colors	värvid
colossal	kolossaalne
colt	kolt
columbine	kolumbine
column	veerg
columnar	kolonne
columnist	kolumnist
com	NO TRANSLATION
coma	kooma
comatose	koomaasi
comb	kamm
combat	võidelda
combatant	võitleja
combative	võitlusvõime
combination	kombinatsioon
combinatorial	kombinaator
combine	ühendada
combined	kombineeritud
combo	Combo
combustible	põlev
combustion	põlemine
come	tule
comeback	tule tagasi
comedian	koomik
comedy	komöödia
comet	komet
comfort	mugavus
comfortable	mugav
comforter	föön
comforting	lohutav
comfy	mugav
comic	koomiline
comical	koomiline
comics	koomiksid
coming	tulemas
comma	koma
command	käsk
commandant	komandant
commandeer	ülem
commander	ülem
commanding	käskis
commandment	käsk
commando	komando
commemorate	mälestama
commemoration	mälestamine
commemorative	mälestusmärk
commence	alustada
commend	kiiduväärt
commendable	kiiduväärt
commendation	kiiduväärt
commensurate	vastav
comment	kommenteerida
commentary	kommentaar
commentator	kommentaator
commerce	kaubandus
commercial	kaubanduslik
commie	käsk
commissary	komissar
commission	komisjonitasu
commissioner	volinik
commit	pühenduma
commitment	kohustus
committal	kohtlemine
committed	toime pandud
committee	Komisjon
commodity	kaup
commodore	Commodore
common	tavaline
commoner	tavaline
commonly	tavaliselt
commonplace	tavaline
commons	tavaline
commonwealth	vabariik
commotion	muret
communal	ühiskondlik
commune	omavalitsusüksus
communicable	nakkuslik
communicate	suhelda
communication	suhtlemine
communicative	kommunikatiivne
communicator	kommunikaator
communion	osadus
communism	kommunism
communist	kommunistlik
community	kogukond
commutation	kommutatsioon
commutative	kommutatiivne
commute	minna edasi
commuter	kommutaator
comp	komp
compact	kompaktne
compaction	tihendamine
compactness	kompaktsus
companion	kaaslane
companionless	kaaslasega
companionship	kaaslaseks
company	ettevõte
comparable	võrreldav
comparative	võrdlev
comparatively	võrdlevalt
compare	võrdlema
comparison	võrdlus
compartment	sektsioon
compass	kompass
compassion	kaastunne
compassionate	kaastundlik
compatibility	ühilduvus
compatible	ühilduv
compel	sundima
compelled	sunnitud
compelling	kaalukad
compendium	kogumik
compensate	kompenseerima
compensation	hüvitis
compensatory	kompenseeriv
compete	konkureerima
competence	pädevus
competency	pädevus
competent	kompetentne
competition	konkurentsi
competitive	konkurentsivõimeline
competitor	konkurent
compilation	koostamine
compile	kompileerima
complacency	rahulolu
complacent	enesekindel
complain	kaebama, kurtma
complaint	kaebus
complement	täiendus
complementary	täiendav
complete	täielik
completed	lõpetatud
completely	täielikult
completeness	terviklikkus
completing	lõpetades
completion	lõpuleviimine
complex	keeruline
complexed	kompleksne
complexion	jume
complexity	keerukus
compliance	vastavus
compliant	nõuetele vastav
complicate	keerukamaks
complicated	keeruline
complication	komplikatsioon
complicity	kaasosalus
compliment	NO TRANSLATION
complimentary	tasuta
comply	järgima
complying	vastav
compo	kompo
component	komponent
compose	koostada
composed	koosnev
composer	helilooja
composite	komposiit
composition	koostis
compost	komposti
composure	rahulikkus
compound	ühend
comprehend	mõista
comprehension	arusaamine
comprehensive	terviklik
compress	tihendama
compressed	tihendatud
compressible	kokkusurutav
compression	tihendus
compressor	kompressor
comprise	sisaldama
compromise	kompromiss
comptroller	kontroller
compulsion	sunniviisiline
compulsive	kompulsiivne
compulsory	kohustuslik
computable	arvutatav
computation	arvutamine
compute	arvuta
computer	arvuti
computerized	arvutipõhine
computing	arvutamine
comrade	sőber
con	NO TRANSLATION
concatenation	ühendamine
concave	nõgus
conceal	varjata
concealed	varjatud
concealment	varjamine
concede	tunnustama
conceit	kõhtu
conceited	tahtlik
conceivable	mõeldav
conceive	ette kujutada
concentrate	keskenduda
concentration	kontsentratsioon
concentric	kontsentriline
concept	kontseptsioon
conception	kontseptsioon
concern	muret
concerned	asjaomane
concert	kontsert
concerto	kontsert
concession	kontsessioon
concessional	soodustav
conch	kook
concierge	concierge
conciliation	lepitusmenetlus
concise	lühike
conclave	conclave
conclude	lõpetama
concluding	sõlmimine
conclusion	järeldus
conclusive	veenev
concoction	koostisega
concomitant	samaaegne
concord	nõusolek
concordance	kooskõla
concours	NO TRANSLATION
concourse	kokkutulek
concrete	betoon
concubine	koobibiin
concur	nõustuma
concurrence	nõusolek
concurrent	samaaegne
concurring	kooskõlastamine
concussion	põrutus
condemn	mõista hukka
condemnation	hukkamõistu
condensation	kondenseerumine
condensed	kondenseerunud
condescending	haletsusväärne
condescension	põlgus
condiment	maitsetaim
condition	seisund
conditional	tingimuslik
conditionally	tingimuslikult
conditioned	konditsioneeritud
conditioner	konditsioneer
conditioning	konditsioneerimine
conditions	tingimused
condo	kondo
condolence	kaastunne
condolences	kaastunne
condom	kondoom
condone	ennustan
condor	condor
conducive	soodustav
conduct	käitumine
conduction	juhtimine
conductivity	juhtivus
conductor	dirigent
conduit	kanal
cone	koonus
confederacy	konfederatsioon
confederate	konfederatsioon
confederation	konföderatsioon
confer	andma
conference	konverents
confess	tunnistama
confession	ülestunnistus
confessional	usutunnistus
confessions	ülestunnistused
confetti	konfetti
confidant	usaldaja
confide	usaldusväärne
confidence	usaldust
confident	kindel
confidential	konfidentsiaalne
confidentiality	konfidentsiaalsus
confidentially	NO TRANSLATION
configuration	konfiguratsioon
confine	piirata
confined	piiratud
confinement	sünnitust
confines	piirdub
confirm	kinnitage
confirmation	kinnitamine
confirmatory	kinnitav
confirmed	kinnitatud
confiscate	konfiskeerima
confiscation	konfiskeerimine
conflagration	tulekahju
conflict	konflikt
conflicting	vastuoluline
confluence	kokkulangevus
conform	vastama
conformance	vastavus
conformation	NO TRANSLATION
conformity	vastavus
confound	segane
confounded	segane
confront	vastu seisma
confrontation	vastasseis
confuse	segane
confused	segaduses
confusing	segane
confusion	segadus
conga	conga
congenial	meeldiv
congenital	kaasasündinud
congestion	ummikud
conglomerate	konglomeraat
conglomeration	konglomeraat
congrats	õnne
congratulate	õnnitleme
congratulation	õnnitlused
congratulations	õnnitlused
congratulatory	õnnitlused
congregate	kogunevad
congregation	kogudus
congress	kongress
congressional	Kongressi liige
congressman	Kongressi liige
congruence	kongruentsus
conic	kooniline
conical	kooniline
conjecture	oletus
conjugal	abielus
conjugate	konjugaat
conjugation	konjugatsioon
conjunction	ühendamine
conjunctive	ühine
conjure	kutsuma
conjuring	kaasasündinud
conk	kook
connect	ühendage
connected	ühendatud
connection	ühendus
connective	sidemega
connoisseur	teadlane
conquer	vallutada
conquering	vallutamine
conqueror	vallutaja
conquest	vallutus
conscience	südametunnistus
conscientious	kohusetundlik
conscious	teadlik
consciousness	teadvus
conscription	sõjaväeteenistus
consecrated	pühitsetud
consecration	pühitsemine
consecutive	järjestikune
consensual	konsensuslik
consensus	konsensus
consent	nõusolek
consenting	nõus
consequence	tagajärg
consequent	sellest tulenevalt
conservation	kaitse
conservatism	konservatiivsus
conservative	konservatiivne
conservatory	konservatoorium
conserve	säilitada
consider	kaaluge
considerable	märkimisväärne
considerate	tähelepanelik
consideration	kaalutlus
consignee	saaja
consignment	partii, kaubasaadetis
consist	koosnevad
consistency	järjepidevus
consistent	järjepidev
consolation	õndsus
console	konsool
consoled	veetnud
consolidate	konsolideerida
consolidated	konsolideeritud
consolidation	konsolideerimine
consonant	konsonant
consort	konsortsium
conspicuous	silmatorkav
conspiracy	vandenõu
conspirator	võlur
conspire	salli
constable	konstaabel
constancy	püsivus
constant	konstantne
constantly	pidevalt
constellation	tähtkuju
consternation	ärevus
constipation	kõhukinnisus
constituency	valimisringkond
constituent	koostisosa
constituents	koostisosad
constitute	moodustavad
constitution	põhiseadus
constitutional	põhiseaduslik
constitutionality	põhiseaduspärasus
constrain	piirata
constrained	piiratud
constraint	piirang
construct	ehitada
construction	Ehitus
constructive	konstruktiivne
construe	tõlgendama
consul	konsul
consulate	konsulaat
consult	konsulteerige
consultant	konsultant
consultation	konsultatsioon
consume	tarbida
consumer	tarbija
consuming	tarbib
consummate	täiuslik
consummation	lõpuleviimine
consumption	tarbimine
contact	kontakt
contagion	nakkus
contagious	nakkav
contain	sisaldama
container	konteiner
containment	isoleerimine
contaminate	saasta
contaminated	saastunud
contamination	saastumine
contemplate	kaaluge
contemplation	mõtlemine
contemplative	mõtlev
contemporaneous	samaaegne
contemporary	kaasaegne
contempt	põlgus
contemptible	põlastusväärne
contemptuous	põlastusväärne
contend	võitlema
contender	kandidaat
contending	vaidlustades
content	sisu
contented	rahulolematu
contention	väide
contentious	vaieldav
contentment	rahulolu
contents	sisu
contest	võistlus
contestant	võistleja
context	Sisu
contiguous	külgnevaks
continence	kontinents
continent	mandril
continental	kontinentaalne
contingency	erakorraline olukord
contingent	tingimuslik
continual	pidev
continually	pidevalt
continuance	jätkumine
continuation	jätkamine
continue	jätkake
continued	jätkus
continuing	jätkub
continuity	järjepidevus
continuous	pidev
continuously	pidevalt
continuum	pidev
contour	kontuur
contraband	salakaubavedu
contraception	kontratseptsioon
contract	leping
contracted	lepinguline
contractile	kontraktiilne
contracting	lepingute sõlmimine
contraction	kokkutõmbumine
contractor	töövõtja
contradict	vastuoluline
contradiction	vastuolu
contradictory	vastuoluline
contraption	riietus
contrary	vastupidi
contrast	kontrast
contrasted	vastandatud
contravene	on vastuolus
contravention	rikkumine
contribute	aitama kaasa
contribution	panus
contributor	panustaja
contrite	contrite
contrition	hüpoteek
contrived	väljamõeldud
control	kontroll
controller	kontroller
controlling	kontrolli all
controversial	vastuoluline
controversy	vastuolud
contusion	kontusioon
conundrum	kummitus
convalescent	taastav haigus
convection	konvektsioon
convene	kokku kutsuda
convenience	mugavus
conveniences	mugavused
convenient	mugav
convent	klooster
convention	konventsioon
conventional	tavaline
converge	lähenema
convergence	lähenemine
convergent	konvergentne
conversant	teadlik
conversation	vestlus
conversational	jututuba
conversationalist	vestlane
converse	vestelda
conversing	vestelda
conversion	konverteerimine
convert	teisendada
converted	teisendatud
convertible	konverteeritav
convex	kumer
convexity	kumerus
convey	edastada
conveyance	üleandmine
conveyancing	üleandmine
convict	süüdimõistetu
conviction	süüdimõistmine
convince	veenda
convinced	veendunud
convincing	veenev
convocation	kokkukutsumine
convoluted	keerdvustatud
convolution	konvolutsioon
convoy	konvoi
coo	koo
cook	küpseta
cookbook	kokaraamat
cooker	pliit
cookery	kokandus
cookie	küpsis
cookies	küpsised
cooking	toiduvalmistamine
cookout	küpsetamine
cool	lahe
coolant	jahutusvedelik
cooler	lahedam
cooling	jahutamine
coolness	jahedus
coon	kuningas
coop	kook
cooperate	teevad koostööd
cooperating	koostööd teinud
cooperation	koostöö
cooperative	ühistu
coordinate	koordineerima
coordination	koordineerimine
coordinator	koordinaator
cop	politseinik
copacetic	NO TRANSLATION
cope	toime tulla
copier	koopiamasin
copilot	kopiloend
coping	toimetulek
copious	palju
copper	vask
copter	kopter
copy	koopia
copycat	kopeerima
copying	kopeerimine
copyright	autoriõigus
coral	korall
coral snake	korallmaja
cord	juhe
cordial	südamlik
cordless	juhtmeta
cordon	Cordon
corduroy	pesusamet
core	tuum
cork	kork
corkscrew	korgitser
corn	maisi
cornball	cornball
cornbread	cornbread
cornea	sarvkesta
corned	corned
corner	nurk
cornerstone	nurgakivi
cornet	cornet
cornfield	maisiväljak
cornflakes	NO TRANSLATION
cornice	karniis
cornstarch	maisitärklis
corny	kortsukas
corollary	tagajärg
corona	koronaator
coronary	koronaarne
coronation	kroonimine
coroner	koroner
corporal	kehaline
corporate	korporatiivne
corporation	korporatsioon
corporeal	kehaline
corps	korpus
corpse	surnukeha
corpsman	Korpsman
corpus	korpus
corral	corral
correct	korrektne
correction	parandus
correctional	paranduslik
corrective	korrigeeriv
correctness	õigsus
correlation	korrelatsioon
correlative	korrelatiivne
correspond	vastama
correspondence	kirjavahetus
correspondent	korrespondent
corresponding	vastav
corridor	koridor
corroborate	kinnitama
corroboration	kinnitus
corrosion	korrosioon
corrosive	söövitav
corrupt	korrumpeerunud
corrupting	purustades
corruption	korruptsioon
corsage	korsage
corse	NO TRANSLATION
corset	korseti
cortex	ajukoor
cortical	kortikaalne
cortisone	kortisoon
corvette	korvette
cosmetic	kosmeetika
cosmetics	kosmeetika
cosmic	kosmiline
cosmology	kosmoloogia
cosmopolitan	kosmopoliitne
cosmos	kosmos
cost	maksumus
costly	kulukas
costume	kostüüm
cosy	hubane
cot	lastevoodi
cote	cote
cottage	suvila
cotton	puuvill
couch	diivan
cougar	kumm
cough	köha
council	volikogu
councilman	volikoguja
counsel	kaitsja
counseling	nõustamine
counsellor	nõustaja
counselor	nõustaja
count	loota
countdown	tagasimakse aeg
countenance	nägu
counter	counter
counteract	neutraliseerima
counterattack	vasturünnak
counterbalance	tasakaalu saavutamine
counterclaim	vastuhagi
counterfeit	võltsitud
counterpart	vastaspool
counterpoint	kontrapunkt
countess	lugejat
countless	lugematu
country	riik
countryman	maaomanik
countrymusic	NO TRANSLATION
countryside	maal
counts	loeb
county	maakond
coup	riigipöörde
coupe	kupee
couple	paar
coupled	ühendatud
coupling	sidestamine
coupon	kupong
courage	julgust
courageous	julge
courier	kuller
courses	kursused
coursing	juhendamine
court	kohus
courteous	viisakalt
courtesy	viisakus
courthouse	kohtumaja
courtroom	kohtusaal
courts	kohtud
courtship	hoolitsus
courtside	kohtud
courtyard	hoovis
cousin	nõbu
cousins	nõod
cove	jõgi
coven	coven
covenant	leping
cover	katta
coverage	katvus
covered	kaetud
covering	kattes
covert	varjatud
covet	kallis
coveted	kadedus
cow	lehm
coward	argpüks
cowardice	paksus
cowardly	arglikult
cowboy	kauboi
cowgirl	cowgirl
cowhand	lehm
cowhide	lehmakas
cowl	kapott
coworker	kolleeg
coy	kullake
coyote	koiott
cozy	hubane
crab	krabi
crabby	crabby
crack	crack
cracked	krakitud
cracker	krakkimine
crackerjack	crackerjack
cracking	krakkimine
crackle	raputama
crackpot	raputama
cradle	häll
craft	käsitöö
crafts	käsitöö
craftsman	käsitööline
craftsmanship	viimistletud
crafty	lollakas
craig	Craig
cram	cram
crammed	täidetud
cramp	kramp
cramped	kitsas
cranberry	jõhvikas
cranberry juice	jõhvikamahl
crane	kraana
cranial	kraniaalne
cranium	kuklakivi
crank	vänt
cranky	võluv
cranny	värav
crap	jama
crappy	jama
craps	craps
crash	krahh
crass	kallis
crate	kast
crater	kraater
crave	ihkama
craving	iha
crawfish	langetama
crawl	indekseerima
crayon	värvipliiats
crayons	värvipliiatsid
craze	hullusega
crazed	hulluks
craziness	hullumeelsus
crazy	hull
creak	naerma
creaking	kriipsutades
cream	kreem
creamed	kreemjas
creamer	Creamer
creamy	kreemjas
crease	kortsus
create	loo
creation	loomine
creative	loominguline
creativity	loovus
creator	looja
creature	olend
credence	usaldusväärsus
credential	mandaat
credentials	volitused
credibility	usaldusväärsus
credible	usutav
credit	krediit
credit card	krediitkaart
creditable	usutav
credited	krediteeritud
crediting	krediteerimine
creditor	võlausaldaja
creed	usutunnistus
creek	Oja
creep	roppima
creeper	kibuvits
creeping	roojad
creepy	jama
cremation	kreemitamine
creole	kreooli
crepe	kreppida
crescendo	crescendo
crescent	poolkuu
crest	koorik
crestfallen	kukkus kokku
cretin	kretiin
cretins	kretiinid
crevice	lõhe
crew	meeskond
crewman	meeskonnaliige
crib	võrevoodi
cricket	kriket
cried	nuttis
crime	kuritegevus
criminal	kurjategija
criminality	kuritegevus
crimp	suruda
crimson	karmiinpunane
cringe	Cringing
cripple	kibe
crippled	halvatud
crippling	halvab
crisis	kriis
crisp	karge
crispy	krõbedaks
criterion	kriteerium
critic	kriitik
critical	kriitiline
criticise	kritiseerima
criticism	kriitika
criticize	kritiseerima
criticized	kritiseeritud
critique	kriitika
critter	critter
croak	kobama
croc	croc
crock	kukkuma
crockery	savi
crocodile	krokodill
croft	terakest
croissant	croissant
crook	kukkuma
crooked	kõverad
crop	põllukultuur
croquet	krokets
cross	rist
cross country	Murdmaa
crossbow	arkaal
crossed	ületatud
crossfire	crossfire
crossing	ristumine
crossover	crossover
crosswalk	üleminek
crossword	ristsõna
crotch	jalgevahel
crouch	kukkuma
crouched	kukkus
crouching	kubistamine
croupier	kroupee
crow	varv
crowbar	laud
crowd	rahvahulk
crowded	rahvarohke
crowds	rahvahulgad
crown	kroon
crowning	kroonimine
crucial	oluline
cruciate	ristija
crucifix	ristifiks
crucifixion	ristilöömine
crucify	risti lüüa
crud	toores
crude	toornafta
cruel	julm
cruelly	julmalt
cruelty	julmust
cruise	kruiis
cruise ship	kruiisilaev
cruiser	ristleja
cruising	reisimine
crumb	muru
crumble	murenema
crumbling	murduvad
crummy	kummitav
crunch	prõks
crunchy	krõmpsuv
crusade	ristisõda
crusader	ristisõitja
crush	purustada
crushed	purustatud
crusher	purusti
crushing	purustamine
crust	koorik
crusty	koorikas
crutch	karkil
crux	põhiline
cry	nutma
crybaby	crybaby
crying	nutt
crypt	krüpt
cryptic	mõistatuslik
cryptography	krüptograafia
crystal	kristall
crystalline	kristalliline
crystallization	kristallimine
cub	Cub
cubby	Cubby
cube	kuubik
cubic	kuupmeetrit
cubicle	kabiin
cuckold	koorik
cuckoo	kukk
cucumber	kurk
cuddle	jama
cuddled	maitsestatud
cuddles	cuddles
cuddling	kallistamine
cue	kiri
cuff	mansett
cuisine	köök
culinary	kulinaaria
cull	tühjaks
culminate	kulmineerub
culmination	kulminatsioon
culpability	süü
culpable	süütu
culprit	süüdlane
cult	kultus
cultivate	kasvatada
cultivated	kasvatatud
cultivation	kasvatamine
cultural	kultuuriline
culture	kultuur
cultured	kasvatatud
culvert	kalle
cumbersome	tülikas
cumulus	cumulus
cunning	kavalus
cunt	kohe
cup	tassi
cupboard	kapp
cupcake	kook
cupping	kastmine
cur	praegune
curable	kõvenev
curate	koreerida
curative	tervendav
curator	kuraator
curb	kitsendama
curd	kohupiim
cure	ravi
curfew	ööd
curiosity	uudishimu
curious	uudishimulik
curl	curl
curling	curling
currency	valuuta
current	praegune
curriculum	õppekava
curry	karri
curse	needus
cursed	neetud
cursing	neetud
cursory	põgusad
curt	kukkuma
curtail	piirata
curtailment	piiramine
curtain	kardin
curtains	kardinad
curtsy	Kurtsy
curvature	kõverus
curve	kõver
curved	kurviline
curvilinear	kõverjooneline
cushion	pehmendus
cushy	vahukas
cusp	cusp
cuss	kuss
cussed	cussed
custard	kaseerija
custodial	vabadusekaotus
custodian	hoiuleandja
custody	hooldusõigus
custom	kohandatud
customary	tavapärane
customer	klient
customized	kohandatud
cut	lõigake
cutaneous	naha
cute	armas
cuticle	küünenaha
cutie	armas
cutlass	kuklaosa
cutlery	söögiriistad
cutoff	katkestamine
cutter	lõikur
cutters	lõikurid
cutthroat	lõualuu
cutting	lõikamine
cutting board	lõikelaud
cuttings	pistikud
cwt	cwt
cyanide	tsüaniid
cyberspace	küberruum
cycle	tsükkel
cyclical	tsükliline
cyclist	jalgrattur
cyclone	tsüklon
cylinder	silinder
cylindrical	silindriline
cymbal	tembeldus
cynic	küüniline
cynical	küüniline
cynicism	küünilisus
cyst	tsüst
cystic	tsüstiline
cytomegalovirus	tsütomegaloviirus
cytoplasm	tsütoplasma
czar	tsar
dab	Kirjuta
dabble	rippuma
dabbling	ummistuma
dad	isa
daddy	isa
dado	NO TRANSLATION
daemon	deemon
daft	kallis
dagger	pistoda
daily	iga päev
dainty	hõrk
daiquiri	Daiquiri
dairy	meierei
daisy	rombid
dak	NO TRANSLATION
dale	dale
dam	tamm
damage	kahju
damaged	kahjustatud
damages	kahju
dame	dame
damn	kuradi
damnation	hukatus
damned	kurat
damp	niiske
dampened	niisutatud
damper	summuti
damsel	emane
dance	tantsu
dancer	tantsija
dancing	tantsimine
dandruff	kõõm
dandy	jama
danger	oht
dangerous	ohtlik
dangerously	ohtlikult
dangit	NO TRANSLATION
dangle	rippuma
dank	NO TRANSLATION
dapper	dapper
dare	julge
daredevil	kardetav
daresay	kallis
daring	julge
dark	tume
darken	tumeneb
darkened	pimedas
darkly	pimedas
darkness	pimedus
darkroom	tume ruum
darkside	Darkside
darling	kallis
darn	jama
dart	viskama
dash	kriips
dashboard	armatuurlaud
dashed	katkendlik
dashing	õnnetus
dastardly	ebaharilikult
data	andmed
database	andmebaas
date	kuupäev
datenight	NO TRANSLATION
daughter	tütar
dawdle	kummitama
dawn	dawn
dawned	dawned
day	päev
daybreak	päevavahetus
daycare	lasteaiad
daydream	vaikus
daydreaming	vaimustus
daylight	päevavalgus
daymade	NO TRANSLATION
dayoff	NO TRANSLATION
daytime	päevas
daze	kummitama
dazed	häbistas
dazzle	pimestav
dazzling	pimestav
deacon	diakon
deactivate	deaktiveerige
dead	surnud
deadbeat	deadbeat
deadline	tähtaeg
deadlines	tähtajad
deadlock	ummikseis
deadly	surmav
deaf	kurt
deafening	kurattav
deafness	kurtus
deal	tegelema
dealer	edasimüüja
dealership	vahendusfirma
dealing	kauplemine
dealings	tehingud
dean	dekaan
dear	kallis
dearest	kallis
dearth	halb
death	surm
deathbed	surmamõistetud
deathly	surmavalt
debacle	pettumus
debased	kadunud
debatable	vaieldav
debate	arutelu
debauchery	pettumus
debenture	võlakiri
debilitating	kurnav
debit	deebet
debrief	ülevaade
debriefing	arutelu
debris	praht
debt	võlg
debtor	võlgnik
debut	debüüt
debutante	debutante
decade	kümme aastat
decadence	dekadents
decadent	dekadentne
decaf	dekap
decanter	dekanter
decathlon	kümnevõistlus
decay	lagunemine
decayed	lagunenud
decaying	lagunev
deceased	surnud
decedent	kadunud
deceit	pettus
deceitful	petlik
deceive	petta
deceived	petetud
deceiving	petmine
december	detsember
decency	õiglane
decent	korralik
deception	pettus
deceptive	petlik
decide	otsustama
decidedly	otsustavalt
deciduous	lehtpuu
decimal	kümnendkoht
decimeter	detsimeter
decipher	dešifreerida
decision	otsus
decisive	otsustav
deck	tekki
declaration	deklaratsioon
declaratory	deklaratiivne
declare	kuulutama
declination	langus
decline	langema
declining	langeb
deco	deko
decode	dekodeerima
decoder	dekooder
decompose	lagunevad
decomposed	lagunenud
decomposition	lagunemine
decompress	lahti pressima
decompression	dekompressioon
decontamination	saastatusest puhastamine
decor	dekoratsioon
decorate	kaunistama
decorating	kaunistades
decoration	kaunistamine
decorative	dekoratiivne
decorator	dekorator
decorum	dekoratsioon
decoy	peibutama
decrease	vähenema
decreased	vähenenud
decreasing	väheneb
decree	dekreet
decrement	vähenemine
decrepit	vähene
decry	kustutama
decryption	dekrüpteerimine
dedicate	pühendada
dedication	pühendumus
deduce	järeldada
deduct	maha arvata
deductible	maha arvata
deduction	mahaarvamine
deed	tegu
deejay	deejay
deem	arvan
deep	sügav
deepen	süvendama
deer	hirved
defamation	laimamine
defamatory	laimav
default	vaikimisi
defeat	võita
defeated	võitnud
defeatist	võitja
defect	defekt
defection	defection
defective	defektne
defector	defector
defend	kaitsma
defendant	kaitstav
defended	kaitsta
defender	kaitsja
defending	kaitsta
defense	kaitse
defenseless	kaitsmata
defensible	kaitstav
defensive	kaitsev
defer	edasi lükkama
deference	lugupidamine
deferral	edasilükkamine
deferring	edasilükkamine
defiance	viletsus
defiant	võluv
defibrillator	defibrillaator
deficiency	puudus
deficient	puudulik
deficit	puudujääk
define	määratlema
defined	määratletud
definite	kindel
definition	määratlus
definitive	lõplik
deflate	deflateerima
deflation	deflatsioon
deflect	kõrvale kalduma
deflection	läbipaine
defloration	defloratsioon
deform	deformeeruma
deformed	deformeerunud
deformity	deformatsioon
defraud	petta
defray	katma
defrost	sulatage
deft	ehtne
defunct	vananenud
defuse	puhastage
defy	muretsema
degeneracy	degeneratsioon
degenerate	degenereerunud
degeneration	degeneratsioon
degradation	lagunemine
degrade	lagunevad
degraded	halvenenud
degrading	alandav
degree	kraad
dehydrated	veetustatud
dehydration	dehüdratsioon
dejected	kallutatud
delay	viivitus
delayed	hilinenud
delectable	rõõmustav
delegate	delegeerima
delegation	delegeerimine
delete	kustutada
deleterious	kahjulik
deletion	kustutamine
deli	deli
deliberate	tahtlik
deliberation	arutelud
deliberative	nõuandev
delicacy	delikatess
delicate	õrn
delicatessen	delikatessid
delicious	maitsev
delight	nauding
delighted	rõõmus
delightful	õnnelik
delineate	piiritlema
delineation	piiritlemine
delinquency	kuritegevus
delinquent	kurjategija
delirious	murettekitav
delirium	deliirium
deliver	tarnima
deliverance	vabastamine
delivery	tarne
dell	dell
delta	delta
delude	eksida
deluge	veeuputus
delusion	pettus
delusional	petlik
deluxe	deluxe
delve	süvenema
demand	nõudlus
demanding	nõudlik
demeaned	alandatud
demeaning	alandav
demeanor	käitumine
demented	vaimulik
dementia	dementsus
demise	langus
demo	demo
democracy	demokraatia
democrat	demokraat
democratic	demokraatlik
demographic	demograafiline
demolish	lammutama
demolished	lammutati
demolition	lammutamine
demon	deemon
demonic	deemonlik
demonstrable	tõestatav
demonstrate	näidata
demonstrated	demonstreeris
demonstrating	näidates
demonstration	demonstratsioon
demonstrative	näiteline
demonstrator	meeleavaldaja
demoralized	demoraliseeritud
demos	demod
demure	tagasihoidlik
den	NO TRANSLATION
deniability	deniability
denial	keeldumine
denied	keeldutakse
denim	denim
denomination	nimiväärtus
denominational	denominatsiooniline
denominator	nimetaja
denote	tähistavad
denounce	denonsseerima
dense	tihe
density	tihedus
dent	mõlk
dental	hambaravi
dentist	hambaarst
dentistry	hambaarst
dentists	hambaarstid
denunciation	denonsseerimine
deny	eitada
denying	eitamine
deodorant	deodorant
depart	lahkuma
departed	lahkus
department	osakond
departmental	osakondade
departure	lahkumine
depend	sõltuvad
dependable	töökindel
dependant	sõltuv
dependence	sõltuvus
dependency	sõltuvus
dependent	sõltuv
depict	kujutama
depicting	kujutades
depletion	ammendumine
deplorable	kahetsusväärne
deplore	kahjuks
deploy	kasutama
deployment	kasutuselevõtt
deport	deporteerima
deportation	väljasaatmine
depose	maha panema
deposit	tagatisraha
depositary	hoiulevõtja
deposition	sadestumine
depository	hoiulevõtja
depot	depoo
depraved	rikutud
depravity	väärkohtlemine
depreciate	amortiseerima
depreciated	amortiseerunud
depreciation	amortisatsioon
depress	alla vajutama
depressed	alla surutud
depressing	masendav
depression	depressioon
depressive	depressiivne
depresson	NO TRANSLATION
deprivation	puudust
deprive	ära võtma
deprived	ära võetud
depth	sügavus
deputy	asetäitja
derail	vallandada
deranged	varjatud
derelict	mahajäetud
derision	nägemine
derivation	tuletamine
derivative	tuletisinstrument
derive	tuletama
dermal	naha kaudu
dermatologist	dermatoloog
dermatology	dermatoloogia
derogation	erand
derogatory	murettekitav
descend	laskuda
descendant	järeltulija
descendent	NO TRANSLATION
descending	kahanev
descent	laskumine
describe	kirjeldage
description	kirjeldus
descriptive	kirjeldav
desecrate	desekreerida
desecration	petmine
desert	kõrbes
deserted	mahajäetud
deserter	deserter
desertion	desertion
deserve	väärima
deserved	teeninud
deserving	väärib
design	disain
designate	määrama
designated	määratud
designation	määramine
designed	disainitud
designer	disainer
designing	projekteerimine
desirability	soovitav
desirable	soovitav
desire	soovi
desiring	soovides
desirous	soovides
desist	loobuma
desk	laud
desolate	tühi
desolation	hävitamine
despair	meeleheide
despairing	meeleheide
despatch	lähetamine
desperado	desperado
desperate	meeleheitel
desperation	meeleheide
despicable	põlastusväärne
despise	põlgama
despondent	nõrk
despotic	despootiline
despotism	Despotism
dessert	magustoit
destination	sihtkoht
destined	määratud
destiny	saatus
destitute	vaesed
destroy	hävitada
destroyed	hävitatud
destroyer	hävitaja
destroying	hävitades
destruct	hävitada
destruction	hävitamine
destructive	hävitav
detach	lahti võtma
detached	eraldatud
detachment	eraldamine
detail	üksikasjalikult
detailed	üksikasjalik
details	üksikasjad
detain	kinni pidama
detainee	kinnipeetav
detect	avastada
detectable	tuvastatav
detection	märkamine
detective	detektiiv
detector	detektor
detention	kinnipidamine
deter	hoiata
detergent	puhastusvahend
deteriorate	halvenevad
deteriorated	halvenenud
deteriorating	halveneb
deterioration	halvenemine
determinable	määratav
determinate	määrav
determination	määramine
determine	määrama
determined	kindlaks määratud
deterrent	hoiatav
detest	hirmutav
detestation	kõhklemine
detonate	plahvatama
detonation	detonatsioon
detonator	detonaator
detour	ümbersõit
detract	kahandama
detriment	kahjuks
detrimental	kahjulik
detritus	detritus
deuce	deuce
deutschmark	deutschmark
devalued	devalveeritakse
devastate	hävitab
devastated	laastatud
devastating	laastav
devastation	laastavad
develop	arenema
developer	arendaja
developing	arendades
development	arengut
deviant	deviantne
deviate	kõrvale kalduda
deviating	kõrvalekalduv
deviation	hälve
device	seade
devil	kurat
deviled	deviled
devilish	kuradi
devious	vihane
devise	kavandama
devoid	puudus
devolution	üleandmine
devolve	läheme edasi
devote	pühenduma
devoted	pühendatud
devotee	pühendunu
devotion	pühendumus
devotional	pühendunud
devour	õgima
devout	pühendunud
dew	kaste
dexter	dexter
dexterity	osavus
dextrose	dekstroos
diabetes	diabeet
diabetic	diabeet
diabolical	kuratlik
diagnose	diagnoosida
diagnosis	diagnoosimine
diagnostic	diagnostika
diagnostics	diagnostika
diagonal	diagonaal
diagram	diagramm
dial	dial
dialect	dialekt
dialectic	dialektika
dialogue	dialoog
dialysis	dialüüs
diameter	läbimõõt
diamond	teemant
diamonds	teemandid
diaper	mähe
diaphragm	diafragma
diarrhea	kõhulahtisus
diarrhoea	kõhulahtisus
diary	päevik
diatribe	diatribe
dib	NO TRANSLATION
dibs	dibs
dice	täringud
dicey	dicey
dichotomous	dikotoomne
dichotomy	dikotoomia
dick	munn
dickhead	dickhead
dicks	Dicks
dictate	dikteerima
dictation	dikteerimine
dictator	diktaator
dictatorial	diktaatorlik
dictatorship	diktatuur
diction	diktsioon
dictionary	sõnastik
dictum	NO TRANSLATION
didactic	didaktiline
diddle	ei suutnud
die	NO TRANSLATION
died	suri
diesel	diisel
diet	dieet
dietary	dieet
differ	erinevad
difference	vahe
differences	erinevused
different	erinevad
differential	diferentsiaal
differentiation	diferentseerimine
differently	erinevalt
differing	erinevad
difficult	raske
difficulties	raskused
difficulty	raskused
diffuse	hajus
diffusion	difusioon
dig	NO TRANSLATION
digest	seedima
digestion	seedimine
digestive	seedimine
digit	kohaline
digital	digitaalne
dignified	väärikas
dignify	väärikas
dignity	väärikus
digress	taganema
digs	NO TRANSLATION
dike	Dike
dilapidated	lagunenud
dilatation	laienemine
dilation	laienemine
dildo	dildo
dilemma	dilemma
diligence	hoolsus
diligent	hoolas
dill	tillikas
diluent	lahjendusvedelik
dilute	lahjendama
diluted	lahjendatud
dilution	lahjendamine
dim	hämar
dime	peenraha
dimension	mõõde
dimensional	kolmemõõtmeline
diminish	vähenema
diminished	vähenenud
diminution	vähenemine
diminutive	diminutiivne
dimwit	dimwit
din	NO TRANSLATION
dine	õhtusöök
diner	söökla
dinghy	loputama
dingo	dingo
dingy	kadunud
dining	söögituba
dinky	kummaline
dinner	õhtusöök
dinnertime	õhtusöögi aeg
dinosaur	dinosaurus
dint	dint
diocesan	piiskopkond
diocese	piiskopkond
diorama	diorama
dioxide	dioksiid
dip	langeb
diploma	diplom
diplomacy	diplomaatia
diplomat	diplomaat
diplomatic	diplomaatiline
dipper	kallur
dippy	dippy
dipstick	tõukurpuks
dire	NO TRANSLATION
direct	otsene
directed	suunatud
direction	suunda
directive	direktiiv
directly	otse
director	direktor
directory	kataloog
dirt	mustus
dirty	räpane
disability	puue
disable	keelata
disabled	puudega
disadvantage	ebasoodsasse olukorda
disaffected	pettunud
disagree	ei nõustu
disagreeable	ebameeldiv
disagreeing	ei nõustu
disagreement	erimeelsused
disallow	keelduda
disallowed	keelatud
disapointment	NO TRANSLATION
disappear	kaovad
disappearance	kadumine
disappearing	kadudes
disappoint	pettumust valmistama
disappointed	pettunud
disappointing	pettumuslik
disappointment	pettumus
disapproval	tagasilükkamine
disapprove	tagasi lükata
disapproved	tagasi lükatud
disapproving	tagasi lükata
disarm	desarmeerida
disarray	häbistama
disaster	katastroof
disastrous	katastroofiline
disband	katkestada
disbelief	uskumatus
disbelieve	uskuma
disburse	maksta välja
disbursement	väljamakse
disc	ketas
discard	viska ära
discarded	visata ära
discards	vette tagasi laskmine
discern	eristama
discernible	nähtav
discerning	teadlikumad
discernment	arusaadavus
discharge	tühjendamine
disciple	jünger
disciplinary	distsiplinaarõigus
discipline	distsipliin
disciplined	distsiplineeritud
disclaim	loobuma
disclaimer	vastutusest loobumine
disclose	avalikustama
disclosed	avalikustatud
disclosure	avalikustamine
disco	disko
discoloration	värvimuutus
discolored	värvunud
discomfort	ebamugavustunne
disconcerted	hämmeldunud
disconcerting	häbistamine
disconnect	lahti
disconnected	lahtiühendatud
disconnection	lahtiühendamine
disconnects	katkestab
discontent	rahulolematus
discontinuance	katkestamine
discontinue	katkestada
discontinuity	katkestamine
discontinuous	katkendlik
discord	ebamõistlus
discount	allahindlus
discounted	diskonteeritud
discourage	heidutage
discouraged	heidutav
discouragement	heidutus
discouraging	murettekitav
discourse	diskursus
discover	avastage
discovery	avastus
discredit	diskrediteerima
discredited	diskrediteeritud
discreet	NO TRANSLATION
discrepancy	vastuolu
discrete	diskreetne
discretion	kaalutlusõigus
discretionary	diskretsiooniõigus
discriminate	diskrimineerivad
discriminating	diskrimineeriv
discrimination	diskrimineerimine
discus	diskussioon
discuss	arutama
discussion	arutelu
disdain	valetama
disdainful	valetav
disease	haigus
diseased	haige
disembodied	dismododied
disengage	lahti võtma
disengagement	eraldamine
disfigured	moonutatud
disgrace	häbistav
disgraced	häbistatud
disgraceful	häbiväärne
disgruntled	pettunud
disguise	varjata
disguised	varjatud
disgust	vastikust
disgusted	pettunud
disgusting	vastik
dish	nõu
disheartened	pettunud
disheartening	pettumus
dishonest	ebaaus
dishonesty	ebaausus
dishonor	pettumus
dishonorable	ebaaus
dishwasher	nõudepesumasin
disillusionment	pettumust
disinclination	lootusetus
disincline	lohutama
disinclined	disinclined
disinfect	desinfitseerige
disinfectant	desinfitseerimisvahend
disinfection	desinfitseerimine
disinformation	deinformatsioon
disingenuous	ebaühtlane
disintegrate	lagunema
disintegration	lagunemine
disinterested	erapooletu
disjoint	lahti ühendama
disjointed	lahutamata
disjunctive	disjunktiivne
disk	ketas
diskette	diskett
dislike	ei meeldi
disliked	ei meeldi
disliking	ei meeldi
dislocated	paigutatud
dislocation	dislokatsioon
dislodge	visata
disloyal	ebaseaduslik
disloyalty	ebamäärasus
dismal	jama
dismantle	lammutama
dismay	häpe
dismayed	häbistatud
dismemberment	lahutamine
dismiss	vabaks laskma
dismissal	vallandamine
dismissive	vallandav
dismount	demonteerima
disobedience	sõnakuulmatus
disobedient	sõnakuulmatu
disobey	mitte järgima
disorder	häire
disordered	häiritud
disorderly	ebakorrapärane
disorganized	ebakorrapärane
disorientation	desorientatsioon
disoriented	desorientatsioon
disown	loobuma
disparage	pettumus
disparaging	häbiväärne
disparate	erinevad
disparity	ebavõrdsus
dispassionate	erutamatu
dispatch	lähetamine
dispatcher	dispetšer
dispel	hajutama
dispensary	ambulance
dispensation	vabastus
dispense	loobuma
dispenser	jaotur
dispersal	hajutatus
disperse	hajuma
dispersed	hajutatud
dispersion	dispersioon
dispirited	häiritud
displace	välja vahetama
displaced	ümberasustatud
displacement	nihkumine
displacency	nihkumine
display	kuva
displease	pettuma
displeased	ebameeldiv
displeasure	pettumus
disposable	ühekordselt kasutatav
disposal	kõrvaldamine
dispose	käsutada
disposed	asetatud
disposition	paigutus
dispossessed	vallandatud
disprove	ümber lükata
dispute	vaidlus
disqualification	diskvalifitseerimine
disqualified	diskvalifitseeritud
disqualify	diskvalifitseerima
disquieted	häiritud
disregard	tähelepanuta jätta
disregarded	ignoreeritakse
disrelish	loobuma
disreputable	häbiväärne
disrepute	ebaõiglane
disrespect	lugupidamatust
disrespectful	lugupidamatu
disrupt	häirida
disrupting	häiriv
disruption	katkestus
disruptive	häiriv
dissatisfaction	rahulolematus
dissatisfied	rahulolematu
dissect	lahti lõigatud
dissection	dissektsioon
disseminate	levitada
dissemination	levitamine
dissension	lahkarvamused
dissent	erimeelsus
dissenting	eriarvamus
dissertation	väitekiri
disservice	karedus
dissident	dissident
dissimilar	erinevad
dissipate	hajutama
dissipated	hajutatud
dissociation	dissotsiatsioon
dissociative	dissotsiatiivne
dissolution	lahustumine
dissolve	lahustuda
dissonance	dissonants
dissuade	hoiata
distal	distaalne
distance	vahemaa
distant	kaugel
distaste	unustama
distasteful	ebameeldiv
distillate	destillaat
distillation	destilleerimine
distilled	destilleeritud
distinct	eristatav
distinction	vahe
distinctive	eristusvõime
distinguish	eristama
distinguishable	eristatav
distinguished	eristatav
distinguishing	eristades
distort	moonutama
distorted	moonutatud
distortion	moonutamine
distract	häirima
distracted	murettekitav
distracting	häirivad
distraction	tähelepanu kõrvale juhtimine
distraught	murettekitav
distress	stressi
distressed	murettekitav
distressing	murettekitav
distribute	levitada
distribution	levitamine
distributor	edasimüüja
district	linnaosa
distrust	usaldamatus
disturb	häirima
disturbance	häirimine
disturbed	häiritud
disturbing	häiriv
disuse	ära kasutama
disused	kasutamata
ditch	kraavi
ditto	sama
ditty	kukkuma
diurnal	ööpäevas
diva	diva
divan	NO TRANSLATION
dive	sukelduma
diver	sukelduja
diverge	erinema
divergence	lahknevus
divergent	erinevad
diverging	erinevad
divers	sukeldujad
diverse	mitmekesine
diversified	mitmekesine
diversify	mitmekesistada
diversion	ümbersuunamine
diversionary	diversionaarne
diversity	mitmekesisus
divert	suunama
diverting	suunamine
divest	loobuma
divested	loovutatud
divestment	loovutamine
divide	jagage
divided	jagatud
dividend	dividend
divination	ennustamine
divine	jumalik
divinity	jumalikkus
divisible	jagatav
division	jagunemine
divisor	jagaja
divorce	lahutus
divorcee	abielulahutus
divulge	avalikustama
divvy	Vahetama
dizziness	pearinglus
dizzy	pearinglus
do	tee seda
doable	teostatav
doc	doc
docile	armuline
dock	dokk
docked	dokitud
docket	kinnistusraamat
docking	dokkimine
doctor	arst
doctorate	doktorikraad
doctrinal	õpetlikkus
doctrine	õpetus
document	dokument
documentary	dokumentaalfilm
documentation	dokumentatsioon
documents	dokumendid
dodge	Dodge
dodger	Dodger
dodging	dodging
dodgy	vilets
dodo	dodo
doe	doe
doer	tegija
dog	koer
dogface	dogface
dogged	kallis
doggy	doggy
doghouse	koerakuut
dogma	dogma
dogmatic	dogmaatiline
dogsick	NO TRANSLATION
doings	toimingud
doit	NO TRANSLATION
dojo	dojo
doldrums	doldrums
dole	dole
doll	nukk
dollar	dollar
dollhouse	nukumaja
dolor	NO TRANSLATION
dolphin	delfiin
domain	domeen
dome	kuppel
domestic	kodumaine
domesticated	kodustatud
domestication	kodustamine
domicile	alaline asukoht
domiciled	alaline elukoht
dominance	domineerivus
dominant	domineeriv
dominate	domineerivad
dominating	domineeriv
domination	domineerimine
dominatrix	dominatrix
dominion	valitsev seisund
domino	domino
don	don
donate	annetada
donation	annetus
donkey	eesel
donor	doonor
dontlikeyou	NO TRANSLATION
dontmess	NO TRANSLATION
dontmesswithme	dontmieswithme
dontpanic	dontpanic
dontunderstand	NO TRANSLATION
doodle	doodle
doom	hukatus
doomed	hukule määratud
doomsday	lõppkuupäev
door	uks
doorbell	uksekell
doorknob	Doorknob
doorman	uksehoidja
doormat	uksetarvikud
doornail	doornail
doorstep	uksed
doorway	ukseava
dopamine	dopamiin
dope	dope
dopey	murettekitav
dork	juuksed
dorky	dorki
dorm	ühiselamu
dormant	seisab
dormitory	ühiselamu
dorsal	seljaosa
dosage	annus
dose	annus
dossier	toimik
dot	dot
doting	doting
dotted	punktjooneline
dotty	paksus
double	kahekordne
doubled	kahekordistunud
doublet	dublett
doubling	kahekordistamine
doubt	kahtlust
doubtful	kaheldav
doubting	kaheldav
doubtless	kahtlemata
doubts	kahtlused
douche	dušš
douchebags	douchebags
dough	tainas
doughboy	Doughboy
doughnut	sõõrik
dour	kallis
douse	katkestama
dove	tuvi
down	alla
downcast	allapoole
downer	downer
downfall	langus
downfield	allapoole
downhearted	allaheitunud
downhill	allamäge
download	lae alla
downpour	allavoolu
downright	otsekohe
downriver	allavoolu
downside	negatiivne külg
downtime	seisakuid
downward	allapoole
downy	väike
dowry	kummardus
doze	doze
dozen	tosinat
drab	püsti
draft	eelnõu
drafty	väike
drag	vedama
dragon	draakon
dragonfly	liblikas
drain	äravool
drainage	drenaaž
drained	kuivendatud
draining	äravoolu
drainpipe	väljalasketoru
drake	drake
drama	draama
dramaqueen	NO TRANSLATION
dramatic	dramaatiline
drape	drape
drapery	drapeering
drastic	drastiline
drat	NO TRANSLATION
draught	eelnõu
draw	joonistama
drawback	puudus
drawbridge	tõmbejõud
drawer	sahtlit
drawers	sahtlid
drawing	joonis
dread	hirmus
dreaded	kohutav
dreadful	kohutav
dreadfully	kohutavalt
dreading	kartsin
dream	unistus
dreamboat	unenägu
dreamer	unenäoline
dreaming	unenäod
dreamland	unistus maa
dreams	unenäod
dreamt	unistanud
dreamy	unistav
dreary	sünge
dredge	tragi
drenched	niiskus
dress	kleit
dresser	kummut
dressmaker	kostüümija
dressy	riietatud
dribble	NO TRANSLATION
dried	kuivatatakse
drier	kuivati
drift	triivima
drifted	triivinud
drifter	ajutine
driftwood	triivpuu
drill	puurida
drink	juua
drinker	joomine
drinking	joomine
drinks	joogid
drip	tilguti
dripping	tilkumine
drive	sõita
drivel	jama
driver	juht
driveway	sõidutee
drizzle	tuhma
droll	haukuma
drone	drone
drones	dronid
drool	drool
drooping	langetamine
droopy	kukkuma
drop	langema
droplet	tilk
dropout	välja kukkuma
dropper	tilgutija
drought	põud
drove	NO TRANSLATION
drown	uputage
drowsiness	unisus
drowsy	unistav
drudgery	viletsus
drug	ravim
drug dealing	uimastikaubandus
drugged	narkootiline
druggist	apteeker
drugs	ravimid
drugstore	apteek
druid	druid
drum	trumm
drummer	trummar
drumming	trummimine
drunk	purjus
drunk driving	joobes juhtimine
drunkard	joodik
drunken	purjus
drunkenness	purjus
dry	kuiv
dryer	kuivati
dryness	kuivus
dual	kahekordne
dualism	dualism
duality	duaalsus
dub	dub
dubious	kahtlane
duchess	kuninganna
duck	pardi
ducking	imetamine
duckling	pardipoeg
ducky	tere
duct	kanal
ductile	plastiline
dud	dud
dude	kutt
duds	duds
due	tähtaegselt
duel	duell
dues	tasud
duet	duett
duffel	duffel
dugout	dugout
duh	duh
duke	hertsog
dull	tuim
dullard	dullard
dumb	lollakas
dumbasses	tuuletõmbad
dumbbell	hantel
dumbbitch	NO TRANSLATION
dumfound	lolliks
dumfounder	NO TRANSLATION
dummy	mannekeen
dump	prügila
dumpling	kastmega
dumps	prügimäed
dumpster	prügikast
dun	dun
dunce	dunce
dune	luited
dung	NO TRANSLATION
dungeon	vanglast
dunk	Dunk
duo	duo
dupe	kahetsus
duplex	dupleks
duplicate	duplikaat
duplication	dubleerimine
duplicity	mitmekesisus
durability	vastupidavus
durable	vastupidav
duration	kestus
duress	sunniviis
dusk	udusus
dusky	kurnav
dust	tolm
duster	tolmuimeja
dustpan	prügikast
dusty	tolm
dutiful	kohusetundlik
duty	tollimaks
dwarf	kääbus
dwarfed	kääbus
dweeb	dweeb
dwell	elama
dweller	elanik
dwelling	eluruum
dye	värvima
dying	suremas
dyke	libisemine
dynamic	dünaamiline
dynamical	dünaamiline
dynamics	dünaamika
dynamite	dünamiit
dynamo	dünamo
dynasty	dünastia
dysentery	düsenteeria
dysfunction	düsfunktsioon
dysfunctional	düsfunktsionaalne
dyspepsia	düspepsia
eager	innukas
eagerness	innusus
eagle	kotkas
ear	kõrva
earful	kõrvarõngas
earl	earl
earlier	varem
early	vara
earn	teeni
earnest	tõsiselt
earnestly	tõsiselt
earnestness	tõsielus
earnings	tulu
earpiece	kuular
earring	kõrvarõngas
earrings	kõrvarõngad
earshot	kuular
earth	maa peal
earthenware	savinõud
earthling	maalimine
earthly	maapealne
earthquake	maavärin
earthy	mullane
ease	lihtne
easel	molbert
easement	servituut
easily	lihtsalt
east	idas
eastbound	eastbound
eastern	idapoolne
easy	lihtne
easygoing	muretu
eat	sööma
eater	sööja
eating	söömine
eatingdisorders	NO TRANSLATION
eavesdrop	pealtkuulamine
eavesdropping	pealtkuulamine
ebb	tühi
ebony	eebenipuu
ebullient	ebullient
eccentric	ekstsentriline
eccentricity	ekstsentrilisus
ecclesiastical	kiriklik
echelon	ešelon
echinacea	ehhüaasi
echo	kaja
eclectic	eklektiline
eclipse	Eclipse
ecliptic	ekliptika
ecological	ökoloogiline
economic	majanduslik
economical	ökonoomne
economics	majandus
economy	majandus
ecosystem	ökosüsteem
ecstasy	ecstasy
ecstatic	ekstaatiline
ecumenical	oikumeeniline
eddy	eddy
edema	ödeem
edge	serv
edging	ääres
edgy	terav
edible	söödav
edict	käsk
edification	õpetamine
edifice	ehitis
edit	redigeeri
editing	redigeerimine
edition	väljaanne
editor	toimetaja
editorial	toimetuslik
educate	harida
educated	haritud
education	haridus
educational	haridus
educator	õpetaja
eeeek	NO TRANSLATION
eeek	NO TRANSLATION
eek	eek
eel	angerjas
eerie	kummaline
effect	efekt
effective	efektiivne
effectiveness	tõhusus
effects	mõjud
effectual	efektiivne
effectually	tõhusalt
effectuate	sooritama
effeminate	naiselik
efficacious	efektiivne
efficacy	efektiivsus
efficiency	tõhusus
efficient	efektiivne
effigy	pilt
effort	pingutus
effortless	pingutuseta
effusion	efusioon
effyou	NO TRANSLATION
egg	muna
egghead	muna pea
eggnog	eggnog
eggplant	baklažaan
eggshell	munakoor
ego	ego
egomaniac	egomaniac
egotistical	egoistlik
egregious	kirglik
egress	väljumine
eight	kaheksa
eighteen	kaheksateistkümnes
eighth	kaheksas
eighty	kaheksakümmend
ejaculate	ejakulatsioon
ejaculation	ejakulatsioon
eject	välja võtma
ejection	väljavool
elaborate	töötama välja
elaboration	välja töötamine
elan	NO TRANSLATION
elapse	möödas
elapsed	möödas
elastic	elastne
elasticity	elastsus
elated	elanud
elation	elation
elbow	küünarnukk
eld	eld
elder	vanem
elderly	eakad
elders	vanemad
eldest	vanim
elect	vali
election	valimised
elective	valikuline
elector	valija
electoral	valimistel
electorate	valijaskond
electric	elektriline
electric slide	elektriline slaid
electrical	elektriline
electrician	elektrik
electricity	elektrit
electrify	elektrifitseerima
electrocute	elektrikit
electrocution	elektrikatkestus
electromagnetic	elektromagnetiline
electron	elektron
electronic	elektrooniline
electronics	elektroonika
elegance	elegantsus
elegant	elegantne
element	element
elemental	elementaalne
elementary	elementaarne
elements	elemendid
elephant	elevant
elevate	tõsta
elevated	kõrgendatud
elevation	kõrgendus
elevator	lift
eleven	üksteist
eleventh	üheteistkümnes
elf	elf
elicit	esile kutsuda
eligible	abikõlblik
eliminate	kõrvaldada
elimination	kõrvaldamine
elite	eliit
elitist	eliitne
elixir	eliksiir
elk	põder
ell	ell
ellipse	ellips
ellipsis	ellipsis
ellipsoid	ellipsoid
elliptic	elliptiline
elliptical	elliptiline
elm	kukk
elongate	pikenenud
elongation	pikenemine
elope	elope
eloquence	kirglikkus
eloquent	kõnekas
elucidate	selgitama
elucidation	selgitamine
elude	elada
elusive	pahatahtlik
emaciated	vilets
email	e-post
emanate	väljastama
emancipation	emantsipatsioon
embankment	muldkeha
embargo	NO TRANSLATION
embark	alustama
embarrass	piinlik
embarrassed	piinlik
embarrassing	piinlik
embarrassment	piinlikkust
embassy	saatkond
embattled	kallutatud
embed	manustatud
embellish	kaunistama
embellishment	kaunistused
embers	kivid
embezzlement	röövimine
embezzler	embezzler
emblem	embleem
emblematic	sümboolne
embodiment	kehastus
embolism	emboolia
embossed	reljeefne
embrace	omaks võtma
embroidered	tikitud
embroidery	tikand
embroiled	vallutatud
embryo	embrüo
embryonic	embrüonaalne
emcee	emcee
emerald	smaragd
emerge	tekkima
emergence	tekkimine
emergency	hädaolukorras
emeritus	emeriit
emery	emery
emetophobia	emetofoobia
emigrate	emigreeruma
emigration	väljaränne
eminence	ülimuslikkus
eminent	väljapaistev
eminently	silmapaistvalt
emir	NO TRANSLATION
emissary	emissaar
emission	emissioon
emit	heitma
emo	emo
emotion	emotsioon
emotional	emotsionaalne
emotive	emotsionaalne
empathic	empaatiline
empathize	emotsionaalne
empathy	empaatia
emperor	keiser
emphasis	rõhk
emphasize	rõhuta
emphatic	äärmuslik
emphysema	emfüseem
empire	impeerium
empirical	empiiriline
empiricism	empiirism
employ	tööle
employee	töötaja
employer	tööandja
employment	tööhõive
emporium	emporium
empower	volitama
empress	empress
emptiness	tühjus
emption	emotsioon
empty	tühi
emu	emu
emulate	jäljendama
emulsion	emulsioon
enable	võimaldama
enablement	võimendamine
enact	rakendama
enactment	jõustumine
enamel	emailiga
encampment	laagrisse
enchant	uhkeldama
enchanted	enchanted
enchanting	lummav
enchantment	lummatus
enchantress	vikerkaar
enchilada	enchilada
encircle	ümbritsema
encircling	ümbritsev
enclave	anklav
enclose	lisama
enclosure	ümbris
encode	kodeerima
encomiastic	NO TRANSLATION
encomium	encomium
encompass	hõlmama
encore	NO TRANSLATION
encounter	kohtumine
encourage	julgustada
encouraged	julgustatud
encouragement	julgustamine
encouraging	julgustav
encroach	tungida
encroachment	sekkumine
encrypt	krüpteerima
encryption	krüpteerimist
encumbrance	koormamine
encyclopedia	entsüklopeedia
end	lõpp
end table	lõpu tabel
endanger	ohtu
endangered	ohustatud
endangerment	ohtu
endearing	armuline
endeavor	püüdma
ended	lõppes
endemic	endeemiline
endgame	endgame
ending	lõpeb
endless	lõputu
endocarditis	endokardiit
endorse	kinnitada
endorsement	kinnitamine
endow	anna
endowed	õnnistatud
endowment	annetus
endpapers	lõputööd
endpoint	näitaja
endurance	vastupidavus
endure	kannatama
enduring	püsiv
enema	kleepsus
enemy	vaenlane
energetic	energiline
energize	energiat
energy	energia
enforce	jõustada
enforcement	jõustamine
enforcer	kontrollija
engage	haarama
engaged	tööle võetud
engagement	kaasamine
engaging	kaasahaarav
engender	tekitama
engine	mootor
engineer	insener
engineering	insener
engrave	graveerima
engraved	graveeritud
engraver	graveerija
engraving	graveerimine
engrossed	süvenenud
engrossing	süvenev
engulf	haarama
enhance	tõhustada
enhancement	lisaseade
enigma	enigma
enigmatic	mõistatuslik
enjoin	nõuda
enjoy	naudi
enjoyable	nauditav
enjoying	nautida
enjoyment	naudingut
enlarge	laiendama
enlarged	laienenud
enlargement	laienemine
enlighten	valgustama
enlightened	valgustatud
enlightening	valgustus
enlightenment	valgustus
enlist	kandideerima
enliven	elavdada
enmity	vaenulikkus
ennui	ennui
enormity	tohutu
enormous	tohutu
enormously	tohutult
enraged	hirmunud
enrich	rikastada
enroll	registreeruma
enrollment	registreerimine
ensemble	ansambel
ensign	tähis
enslave	orjapidamine
enslaved	orjastatud
enslavement	orjastamine
ensue	järgnema
ensure	kindlustama
entail	kaasnevad
entangled	segatud
entanglement	seostamine
enter	sisenema
enterprise	ettevõte
enterprising	ettevõtlik
entertain	lõbustama
entertained	meelelahutuslik
entertainer	meelelahutaja
entertaining	lõbus
entertainment	meelelahutus
enthralled	enthralled
enthusiasm	entusiasm
enthusiast	entusiast
enthusiastic	entusiastlik
entice	meelitada
entire	terve
entirety	tervikuna
entitle	pealkirjastama
entity	üksus
entomology	entomoloogia
entourage	seiklus
entrails	õhustikud
entrance	sissepääs
entrapment	kinnihoidmine
entreat	palun
entree	eine
entrepreneur	ettevõtja
entrust	usaldama
entry	sisenemine
enumerate	loetlema
enumeration	loendamine
envelope	ümbrik
envious	kade
environ	NO TRANSLATION
environment	keskkond
environmental	keskkonna
environs	ümbruskonda
envision	nägema
envoy	saadik
envy	kadedus
enzyme	ensüüm
ephemeral	lühike
ephemeris	efemeriid
epic	eepiline
epidemic	epideemia
epidermis	epidermis
epidural	epiduraalne
epilepsy	epilepsia
epileptic	epileptiline
epilogue	epileograafia
epiphany	epifaan
episcopal	piiskopaalne
episode	episood
episodic	episoodiline
epistle	kiri
epitaph	epitaaf
epithet	epiteet
epitome	epitoom
epoch	epohh
equal	võrdsed
equality	võrdsus
equalization	võrdsustamine
equalize	võrdsustada
equalizer	ekvalaiser
equally	võrdselt
equate	võrdsustada
equation	võrrand
equator	ekvaator
equatorial	ekvatoriaalne
equestrian	ratsutamine
equidistant	võrdväärne
equilibration	tasakaalustamine
equilibrium	tasakaal
equip	varustama
equipment	seadmed
equitable	õiglane
equity	omakapital
equivalence	samaväärsus
equivalent	samaväärne
equivocal	kaheldav
era	ajastu
eradicate	hävitama
eradication	likvideerimine
erase	kustutada
eraser	kustutuskumm
erasure	kustutamine
ere	NO TRANSLATION
erect	püsti
erectile	erektsioon
erection	erektsioon
ergo	NO TRANSLATION
erode	kahandama
erosion	erosioon
erotic	erootiline
erotica	erootika
err	eks
errand	ülesanne
errant	ekslik
erratic	ebakindel
erratum	valesti
erroneous	ekslik
error	viga
erst	NO TRANSLATION
erudite	erudit
erupt	purskama
eruption	purse
escalade	Escalade
escalate	eskaleerima
escalating	eskaleeruv
escalation	eskaleerumine
escalator	eskalaator
escape	põgeneda
escaped	põgenes
escarpment	escarpment
eschew	ära hoidma
escort	eskort
escrow	deponeerimine
esophagus	söögitoru
esoteric	esoteeriline
especial	NO TRANSLATION
espionage	spionaaž
espouse	espouse
espresso	espresso
esprit	esprit
esquire	esquire
essay	essee
essayist	esseeist
essence	sisuliselt
essential	oluline
essentially	sisuliselt
establish	looma
established	asutatud
establishment	asutamine
estate	kinnisvara
esteem	lugupidamine
esteemed	lugupeetud
esthetic	esteetiline
estimable	hinnatav
estimate	hinnata
estimation	hinnang
estoppel	estoppel
estranged	erapooletu
estrogen	östrogeen
estuary	suudmeala
etch	etch
etching	söövitamine
eternal	igavene
eternity	igavik
ethanol	etanool
ether	eeter
ethereal	eeterlik
ethic	eetika
ethical	eetiline
ethics	eetika
ethnic	etniline
ethnography	etnograafia
etiology	etioloogia
etiquette	etikett
etymology	etimoloogia
eucalyptus	eukalüpt
euchre	kallis
eugenics	eugeenika
eulogistic	eulogistic
eulogium	eulogium
eulogize	eulogize
eulogy	eulogy
euphemism	eufemism
euphoria	eufooria
euphoric	eufooriline
euro	euro
euthanasia	eutanaasia
evacuate	evakueerima
evacuation	evakueerimine
evade	vältima
evaluate	hindama
evaluation	hindamine
evanescence	evanescence
evangelical	evangeelne
evangelist	evangeelne
evangelistic	evangeelne
evaporate	aurustuda
evaporation	aurustamine
evasion	maksustamise vältimine
evasive	vältimatu
eve	eve
evening	õhtul
evens	NO TRANSLATION
event	sündmus
eventful	sündmusterohke
eventual	lõpuks
eventuality	võimalust
evergreen	igihaljas
everlasting	igavene
evermore	igavesti
everyday	iga päev
everyman	iga mees
evict	tõstma välja
eviction	väljatõstmine
evidence	tõendid
evident	ilmne
evidentiary	tõendusmaterjal
evil	kurja
evoke	kutsuma
evolution	evolutsioon
evolutionary	evolutsiooniline
evolve	arenema
ewe	eine
ex	ex
exacerbate	teravdada
exacerbation	ägenemine
exact	täpne
exacting	nõudlik
exaggerate	liialdada
exaggerated	liialdatud
exaggeration	liialdus
exalt	ülendama
exaltation	ülendamine
exalted	kõrgendatud
exam	eksam
examination	eksam
examine	uurima
examiner	kontrollija
example	näide
exasperated	pahane
exasperation	meeleheitmine
excavate	kaevama
excavation	kaevetööd
excavator	ekskavaator
exceed	ületada
exceeding	ületab
excel	suurepärane
excellence	tippsaavutused
excellent	suurepärane
excelsior	excelsior
excepting	välja arvatud
exception	erand
exceptional	erandlik
excerpt	väljavõte
excess	liigne
excessive	ülemäärane
excessively	liiga palju
exchange	vahetada
excise	aktsiisimaks
excision	ekstsisioon
excitability	erutavus
excitable	ärrituv
excitation	ärritus
excite	põnevil
excited	erutatud
excitement	põnevust
exciting	põnev
exclaim	hüppama
exclamation	hüüatus
exclude	välistada
excluded	välja arvatud
excluding	välja arvatud
exclusion	välistamine
exclusive	eksklusiivne
excrement	väljaheidet
excretion	eritumine
excruciating	piinlik
excursion	ekskursioon
excuse	vabandust
exec	exec
execute	täitma
execution	täitmine
executioner	paat
executive	juhtivtöötaja
executor	süüdimõistja
exegesis	eksgeksia
exemplar	näidis
exemplary	eeskujulik
exemplify	näitena
exempt	vabastatud
exemption	maksuvabastus
exercise	harjutus
exert	avaldage
exertion	pingutus
exhale	välja hingama
exhaust	heitgaas
exhausted	ammendatud
exhaustion	ammendumine
exhaustive	ammendav
exhibit	näitama
exhibition	näitus
exhilarated	lõõgastav
exhilarating	helistav
exhilaration	rõõmuks
exhort	julgustama
exhortation	nõustamine
exhumation	väljaheiteid
exhume	välja hingama
exigent	NO TRANSLATION
exile	pagendama
exist	olemas
existence	olemasolu
existent	olemasolev
existential	eksistentsiaalne
existing	olemasolevad
exit	väljumine
exodus	väljaränne
exonerate	vabastama
exorbitant	ülemäärane
exorcism	eksoritsism
exorcist	eksoritsist
exotic	eksootiline
expand	laiendama
expanded	laiendatud
expanse	laienemine
expansion	laienemine
expansive	ekspansiivne
expatriate	välismaalane
expect	oota
expectance	ootamine
expectancy	oodatav eluiga
expectant	räägitav
expectation	ootus
expected	oodata
expecting	ootan
expediency	otstarbekus
expedient	otstarbekas
expedite	kiirendama
expedition	ekspeditsioon
expeditious	kiire
expel	välja saatma
expendable	kulutatav
expenditure	kulud
expense	kulu
expenses	kulud
expensive	kallis
experience	kogemus
experienced	kogenud
experiences	kogemused
experiment	katse
experimental	eksperimentaalne
experimentation	katsetamine
experimenter	eksperimentaator
expert	asjatundja
expertise	teadmised
expiration	aegumistähtaeg
expire	aeguda
expired	aegunud
expiry	aegumiskuupäev
explain	seletama
explanation	selgitus
explanatory	selgitav
expletive	ekslik
explication	selgitus
explicit	sõnaselgelt
explode	plahvatama
exploit	ära kasutama
exploitation	ekspluateerimine
exploration	uurimine
exploratory	uurimuslik
explore	uurima
explorer	uurija
explosion	plahvatus
explosions	plahvatused
explosive	plahvatusohtlik
expo	Expo
exponent	eksponent
exponential	eksponentsiaalne
export	eksport
exportation	eksport
expose	paljastada
exposed	avatud
exposition	ekspositsioon
expository	kirjeldav
exposure	kokkupuude
expound	välja selgitama
express	väljendada
expression	väljendus
expressive	ekspressiivne
expressway	kiirtee
expropriation	sundvõõrandamine
expulsion	väljasaatmine
exquisite	peen
exquisitely	peenelt
extant	säilinud
extend	laiendama
extendable	pikendatav
extended	laiendatud
extension	pikendamine
extensive	ulatuslik
extent	ulatuses
exterior	välisilme
exterminate	hävitada
extermination	hävitamine
exterminator	hävitaja
external	välised
externally	väliselt
extinct	väljasurnud
extinction	väljasuremine
extinguish	kustutage
extinguisher	tulekustuti
extol	Extol
extort	väljapressima
extortion	väljapressimine
extra	Lisa
extract	väljavõte
extracting	kaevandamine
extraction	kaevandamine
extractor	ekstraktor
extracurricular	väliskoolitus
extradition	väljaandmine
extrajudicial	kohtuväline
extramural	välistööline
extraneous	võõrad
extraordinaire	erakordne
extraordinary	erakordne
extraterrestrial	väljaspool maavärina
extravagance	ekstravagantsus
extravagant	ekstravagantne
extravaganza	ekstravagants
extreme	äärmuslik
extreme anticipation	äärmine ootamine
extreme disgust	äärmuslik hullus
extreme surprise	äärmuslik üllatus
extreme trust	äärmine usaldus
extremely	äärmiselt
extremely negative	äärmiselt negatiivne
extremely positive	väga positiivne
extremity	jäsemed
extricate	hõõruda
extrinsic	välimine
extrusion	ekstrusioon
exuberance	liialdus
exude	eritama
eye	silma
eyeball	silmamurg
eyebrow	kulmud
eyeful	silmapaistev
eyeglass	prillid
eyeglasses	prillid
eyelash	ripsmetega
eyelet	silmust
eyeliner	silmapliiats
eyepiece	okulaar
eyes	silmad
eyesight	nägemine
eyewitness	tunnistaja
fab	Fab
fable	tütarlaps
fabled	legendaarne
fabric	riie
fabricate	valmistada
fabricated	valmistatud
fabrication	valmistamine
fabulous	vapustav
facade	fassaad
face	nägu
faceless	nägu
facet	tahk
facial	näo näo
facile	NO TRANSLATION
facilitate	hõlbustada
facility	rajatis
facing	ees
facsimile	faksi teel
fact	asjaolu
faction	fraktsioon
factor	faktor
factory	tehas
facts	faktid
factual	faktiline
faculties	teaduskondades
faculty	õppejõud
fad	hull
fade	tuhmuma
faded	tuhmunud
faeces	fekaalid
fag	fag
faggot	kullake
fail	ei suuda
failing	läbi kukkuma
failure	ebaõnnestumine
fain	NO TRANSLATION
faint	nõrk
fainting	minestamine
fair	õiglane
fairly	õiglaselt
fairness	õiglus
fairway	laevatee
fairy	haldjas
faith	usk
faithful	ustav
faithfulness	ustavus
faithless	usklik
fake	võlts
faker	faker
falafel	falafel
falcon	falcon
fall	langevad
fallacious	ebaõiglane
fallacy	eksikujutelm
fallback	tagurpidi
fallible	ebaõiglane
falling	kukkumine
fallopian	munajuha
fallout	välja kukkuma
fallow	allapoole
false	VÄÄRNE
falsehood	vale
falsely	ekslikult
falsification	võltsimine
falsified	võltsitud
falsify	võltsida
falsity	võltsimine
falter	kukkuma
fame	kuulsus
famed	kuulus
familiar	tuttav
familiarity	tuttav
familiarize	tutvuda
family	perekond
familytime	pereaeg
famine	näljahäda
famished	vihjas
famous	kuulus
famously	kuulsalt
fan	fänn
fanatic	fanaatik
fanatical	fanaatiline
fanaticism	fanatism
fanciful	väljamõeldud
fancy	peen
fandango	fandango
fanfare	fanfaar
fang	NO TRANSLATION
fangs	fangid
fanning	fanning
fantasia	fantaasia
fantasize	fantaasi
fantastic	fantastiline
fantasy	fantaasia
faraway	kaugel
farce	farss
farcical	fantastiline
fare	piletihind
farewell	hüvasti
farm	talu
farmer	talupidaja
farmhouse	talumaja
farming	põllumajandus
farmland	põllumaa
faro	faro
fart	muretsema
farther	kaugemale
fascia	fassaad
fascinate	veetlema
fascinated	lummatud
fascinating	huvitav
fascination	võlu
fascism	fašism
fascist	fašistlik
fashion	mood
fashionable	moes
fastball	Fastball
fasten	kinnitama
fastener	kinnitusvahendid
fastening	kinnitus
fasting	paastumine
fat	rasv
fatal	Tappev
fatalism	fatalism
fatality	suremus
fate	saatus
fated	fadeeritud
fateful	saatuslik
fathead	Fathead
father	isa
fatherhood	isadus
fatherland	isamaa
fatherly	isalt
fathom	nägemus
fatigue	väsimus
fatigued	väsinud
fatso	Fatso
fatten	rasvata
fatty	paksuke
faucet	kraan
fault	süü
faultless	veatu
faulty	vigane
faun	faun
fauna	loomastik
faux	faux
favor	kasuks
favorable	soodsad
favorite	lemmik
favoriteholiday	NO TRANSLATION
favoritism	favoritism
fawn	kullake
fax	faks
faze	NO TRANSLATION
fear	hirmu
feared	kardeti
fearful	hirmul
fearfully	hirmuliselt
fearing	kartmine
fearless	kartmatu
fears	hirmud
fearsome	hirmuäratav
feasibility	teostatavus
feasible	teostatav
feast	pidu
feat	feat
feather	sulgi
feathered	feathered
feature	funktsioon
features	Omadused
febrile	palavik
fecal	fekaal
feces	väljaheited
fecundity	viljakus
fed	toidetud
federal	föderaalne
federation	föderatsioon
fedup	NO TRANSLATION
fee	tasu
feeble	nõrk
feed	sööda
feedback	tagasiside
feeder	feeder
feel	tunda
feelgood	hästi tundma
feeling	tunne
feelingdown	NO TRANSLATION
feelinggood	NO TRANSLATION
feet	jalad
feign	kujutlema
feigned	kujutlusvõimeline
feisty	feisty
felicity	tervitus
feline	kasside
fell	langes
feller	feller
fellow	kolleeg
fellowship	stipendium
felon	kuritegu
felony	kuritegu
felt	tundsin
female	naine
feminine	naiselik
femininity	naiselikkus
feminism	feminism
feminist	feminist
femme	NO TRANSLATION
femoral	reieluu
femur	reieluu
fen	NO TRANSLATION
fence	tara
fenced	tarastatud
fencing	tara
fend	põgenema
fender	fender
fennel	apteegitill
ferment	käärima
fermentation	kääritamine
fern	sõnajalg
ferocious	metsik
ferocity	kiusatus
ferret	vihmane
ferry	parvlaev
ferryboat	NO TRANSLATION
fertile	viljakas
fertility	viljakus
fertilize	väetada
fertilizer	väetis
fervent	lõõmav
fervor	pingutus
fess	fess
fest	fest
festival	festival
festive	pidulik
fetal	lootel
fetch	tõmmake
fete	NO TRANSLATION
fetish	kinnismõte
fetus	lootele
feud	vaenu
feudal	feodaalne
feudalism	feodalism
fever	palavik
feverish	palavik
fiancee	NO TRANSLATION
fiasco	fiasko
fiat	fiat
fib	fib
fiber	kiudained
fiberglass	klaaskiud
fibrosis	fibroos
fibrous	kiuline
fickle	jäme
fiction	ilukirjandus
fictional	väljamõeldud
fictitious	fiktiivne
fiddle	viiul
fiddler	näitleja
fidelity	truudust
fidgety	vilets
fiduciary	fiduciary
field	valdkonnas
field hockey	maahoki
fielder	fielder
fiend	viha
fiendish	vihane
fierce	äge
fiery	tulekahju
fiesta	fiesta
fiesty	NO TRANSLATION
fifteen	viieteistkümnes
fifty	viiskümmend
fig	joonis
fight	võitlema
fighter	võitleja
fighting	võitlevad
fights	võitleb
figment	nägemine
figurative	kujutislik
figure	joonis
figurine	kujukest
filament	hõõgniit
filamentous	filamentne
file	faili
filet	filet
filibuster	filibuster
filigree	filigraan
filing	esitamine
filings	viilmed
fill	täitke
filler	täiteaine
fillet	filee
filling	täitmine
filly	kallis
film	film
filmmaker	filmitegija
filmy	NO TRANSLATION
filter	filter
filth	mustus
filthy	räpane
filtration	filtreerimine
fin	NO TRANSLATION
final	lõplik
finale	finale
finalist	finalist
finality	lõplikkus
finalize	viimistlema
finalized	lõpetatud
finally	lõpuks
finance	rahastada
financial	rahaline
financier	rahastaja
finch	finch
find	leia
finder	leidja
finding	leidmine
fine	hästi
finery	viimistlus
finesse	viimistlus
finger	sõrm
fingernail	küünte
fingerprint	sõrmejälg
fingerscrossed	NO TRANSLATION
finish	lõpetama
finished	valmis
finite	piiratud
fink	fink
fir	kuus
fire	tuli
firearm	tulirelv
firearms	tulirelvad
fireball	tuleball
firecracker	tulekindla
firefight	tuletõrjuja
firefighter	tuletõrjuja
firefly	tulekahju
firehouse	tuletõrjeauto
firelight	tulekahju
fireman	tuletõrjuja
fireplace	kamin
firepower	tulirelv
fireproof	tulekindel
fireside	katuseluuk
firestorm	firestorm
firewall	tulemüür
firewood	küttepuud
firework	ilutulestik
fireworks	ilutulestik
firing	tulistamine
firm	kindel
firmament	taevas
firmly	kindlalt
firmness	tugevus
first	esiteks
firstborn	esmasündinu
firstworldprobs	NO TRANSLATION
fiscal	fiskaal
fish	kala
fisherman	kalur
fishery	kalapüük
fishing	kalapüük
fishing boat	kala paat
fishy	kala
fissile	lõhustuv
fission	lõhustumine
fissure	lõhenemine
fist	rusikas
fistfight	fistfight
fistful	fistful
fistula	fistul
fit	sobib
fitness	fitness
fits	sobib
fitted	paigaldatud
fitting	paigaldamine
fittings	tarvikud
five	viis
fiver	kümme korda
fix	parandage
fixable	parandatav
fixation	fikseerimine
fixed	fikseeritud
fixer	kinnitusvahend
fixture	seade
fixtures	varustus
fizz	tőusma
fjord	fjord
flabbergast	flabbergast
flabbergasted	tahtmata
flabby	lollakas
flaccid	flaccid
flag	lipp
flagging	lipud
flagpole	lipulaev
flagrant	silmatorkav
flagship	lipulaev
flagstaff	lipuriik
flair	elegants
flak	kook
flake	helbed
flaky	kohev
flamboyant	flamboyant
flame	leek
flamethrower	lenduvahetaja
flaming	põlevad
flamingo	flamingo
flammable	tuleohtlik
flan	flan
flange	äärik
flank	külg
flanked	külgnevad
flanking	külgneva
flannel	flanell
flap	klapp
flapping	flappimine
flare	põletada
flares	põletid
flaring	põletamine
flash	välk
flashback	flashback
flashing	vilgub
flashlight	taskulamp
flashy	toretsev
flask	kolb
flat	korter
flatbed	tasapinnaline
flatfoot	lamedapoolne
flatness	tasasus
flatten	lameda
flatter	meelitab
flattered	meelitatud
flattering	meelitav
flattery	meelitav
flatulence	kõhupuhitus
flaunt	uhkeldama
flavor	maitse
flaw	viga
flawed	vigane
flawless	veatu
flea	kirp
fleabag	fleabag
fled	põgenes
flee	põgenema
fleece	fliis
fleet	laevastik
fleeting	põgusad
flesh	liha
fleshy	lihavad
flex	paindlik
flexibility	paindlikkus
flexible	paindlik
flexin	flexin
flexion	painutamine
flick	lüüa
flicker	Vilkuv
flickering	vihane
flier	lendab
flight	lend
flighty	lennukiga
flimsy	õrnalt
flinch	lendama
fling	kukkuma
flint	kraam
flip	klapp
flip flop	plätu
flipper	libisemine
flipping	flipping
flirt	flirt
flirtation	flirt
flirting	flirt
flirty	flirty
float	ujuk
floater	floater
flock	kari
flog	flog
flood	üleujutus
floor	korrus
flooring	põrandakate
floozy	floosiline
flop	flop
floppy	floppy
flora	taimestik
floral	lilleline
florist	lillepood
floss	lõime
flotation	ujumine
flounder	lesta
flour	jahu
flourish	õitsema
flow	voolu
flower	Lill
flowering	õitsemine
flowers	lilled
flowery	lilleline
flows	voolab
flu	gripp
fluctuate	kõikuvad
fluctuating	kõikuv
fluctuation	kõikumised
flue	suitsetamine
fluency	sujuvalt
fluent	sujuvalt
fluff	kohev
fluffy	kohev
fluid	vedelik
fluidity	voolavus
fluke	fluke
flunk	kukkuma
flunky	tühine
fluorescence	fluorestsents
fluorescent	fluorestseeriv
flurries	flurries
flurry	längus
flush	loputage
flustered	flustered
flute	flööt
fluted	rullitud
flutter	flutter
fluvial	fluvialaline
flux	voog
fly	lendama
flyboy	flyboy
flyer	lendleht
flying	lendamine
flywheel	hooratas
foal	vask
foam	vaht
foaming	vahtumine
foamy	vahukas
fob	FOB
focal	fookus
focus	keskenduma
fodder	sööt
foe	vastane
fog	udu
foggy	udune
foil	foolium
foiled	kadunud
fold	korda
folded	volditud
folder	kausta
foliage	lehestik
folio	folio
folk	folk
folklore	rahvaluule
follicle	folliikuleid
follicular	follikulaarne
follow	järgige
follower	järgija
folly	rumalus
fond	fond
fondle	hellitada
fondling	hellitav
fondness	armastus
fondue	fondue
font	font
food	toit
foodie	toiduained
fool	loll
fooled	petnud
foolhardy	hullumeelsus
fooling	lollitamine
foolish	rumal
foolishness	rumalus
foolproof	lollikindel
foot	suu
foot stool	jalg väljaheide
footage	videomaterjalid
football	Jalgpall
footbridge	jalakäija
foothold	jalg
footing	alused
footlocker	footlocker
footloose	footloose
footpath	jalgtee
footprint	jalajälg
footwear	jalatsid
footwork	jalakäpad
fop	fop
forage	sööta
foray	ennustama
forbearance	kannatlikkust
forbid	keelake
forbidding	keelata
force	jõudu
forced	sunnitud
forceful	jõuline
forceps	pintslid
forces	jõud
forcibly	sunniviisiliselt
ford	ford
fore	esiplaanil
forearm	käsivars
foreboding	etteheide
forecast	prognoos
forecaster	prognoosija
foreclose	sulgeda
foreclosure	sulgemine
forefathers	esiisad
forefinger	näputäis
forefront	esirinnas
forego	varem
foregoing	eelnev
foregone	kadunud
foreground	eesplaan
forehead	otsmik
foreign	võõras
foreigner	välismaalane
foreman	meister
foremost	ennekõike
forensic	kohtuekspertiisi
forensics	kohtumeditsiini
foreplay	etteheide
forerunner	eelkäija
foresee	ette näha
foreseen	ette nähtud
foresight	ettenägelikkus
forest	mets
forestall	vältima
forethought	ettearvatavus
foreveralone	igavesti üksi
forevermore	igavesti
forewarned	ennetähtaegne
foreword	eessõna
forfeit	tagastamata
forfeited	kaotatud
forfeiture	konfiskeerimine
forge	sepistama
forger	võltsitud
forgery	võltsimine
forget	unustage
forgetful	unustav
forgetfulness	unustustunne
forgive	andestama
forgiven	andestatud
forgiveness	andestus
forgiving	andestav
forgotten	unustatud
fork	kahvlit
forked	kahvatav
forking	sõidavad
forklift	tõstuk
forlorn	süüdi
form	vormis
formal	ametlik
formaldehyde	formaldehüüd
formalism	formaalsus
formality	formaalsus
format	vormingus
formation	moodustamine
formative	kujundav
formed	moodustatud
formidable	võimas
forming	moodustades
formless	vormitud
formula	valem
formulary	vormiriietus
formulate	sõnastada
fornicate	võlga
fornication	röövimine
forsake	maha jätma
forsaken	mahajäetud
forsooth	enesekindel
fort	fort
forte	NO TRANSLATION
forthcoming	tulemas
forthright	otsekohe
forthwith	kohe
fortification	kindlustamine
fortify	tugevdada
fortitude	tugevus
fortnight	kaks nädalat
fortnightly	kaks korda nädalas
fortress	kindlus
fortuitous	juhuslik
fortunate	õnnelik
fortune	õnne
fortunes	varandused
forty	neljakümne
forum	foorum
forward	ettepoole
forwarding	ekspedeerimine
fossil	fossiilne
fossils	fossiilid
foul	ebakindel
found	leitud
foundation	sihtasutus
founder	asutaja
founding	asutaja
foundry	valukoda
fountain	purskkaev
four	neli
fourfold	neljakordne
foursome	neljakandiline
fourteen	neliteist
fourth	neljas
fowl	kanad
fox	rebane
foxhole	foxhole
foxtrot	fokstrott
foxy	foxy
foyer	fuajees
fraction	fraktsioon
fractional	murdosa
fracture	luumurd
fragile	habras
fragility	haavatavus
fragment	fragment
fragmentary	fragmentaarne
fragrance	aroom
fragrant	lõhnav
frail	nõrk
frailty	viletsus
frame	raam
framework	raamistik
franc	frank
franchise	frantsiis
frank	aus
frankenstorm	NO TRANSLATION
frankness	otsekohesus
frantic	vihane
frantically	petlikult
frat	frat
fraternal	vennalik
fraternity	vennaskond
fraud	pettus
fraudulent	petlik
fraught	täis
fray	põrgatama
frayed	kadunud
frazzled	purjus
freak	friik
freaked	imelik
freakedout	NO TRANSLATION
freakingout	NO TRANSLATION
freakish	kummaline
freakout	närvi minema
freaky	freaky
freckle	freckle
free	tasuta
freebie	Ilmaistarjous
freedom	vabadus
freehold	tasuta kinnisvara
freelance	vabakutseline
freelancer	vabakutseline
freely	vabalt
freeman	freeman
freestyle	freestyle
freeway	maanteel
freeze	külmutama
freezer	sügavkülmik
freezing	külmutamine
freight	kaubavedu
freighter	kaubalaev
french horn	metsasarv
frenetic	vilets
frenzied	hullumeelsus
frenzy	hullumeelsus
frequency	sagedus
frequent	sage
frequently	sageli
fresco	freskot
fresh	värske
freshair	NO TRANSLATION
freshen	värskendama
freshener	värskendaja
freshman	uustulnuk
freshness	värskus
freshstart	värske algusega
freshwater	magevesi
fret	fret
fretful	fretful
friar	kullake
fricking	fricking
friction	hõõrdumine
friday	reede
fridge	külmik
fried	praetud
friend	sõber
friendless	sõbralik
friendliness	sõbralikkust
friendly	sõbralik
friends	sõbrad
friendship	sõprus
frigate	fregatt
friggen	NO TRANSLATION
fright	hirmul
frighten	hirmutama
frightened	hirmutati
frightening	hirmutav
frightful	kohutav
frigid	frigid
fringe	erisugune
fringed	fringed
frisbee	frisbee
frisk	NO TRANSLATION
frisky	vilets
frivolous	kergemeelne
frock	korvata
frog	konn
froggy	konnakoost
frolic	hulluma
front	ees
frontage	fassaad
frontal	eesmine
frontier	piiril
fronting	fronting
frontispiece	esikülg
frost	härmatis
frostbite	külmumiskoht
frosted	külm
frosting	külmutamine
frosty	külm
froth	vaht
frothy	vahukas
frown	karvane
frowning	kallis
frozen	külmutatud
frugal	tagasihoidlik
fruit	puu
fruit punch	puuvilja punts
fruitcake	puuviljakook
fruitful	viljakas
fruition	viljakus
fruitless	viljatu
fruits	puuviljad
fruity	mahlakas
frustrate	pettuma
frustrated	pettunud
frustrates	masendab
frustrating	masendav
frustration	frustratsioon
fry	praadida
fryer	praepann
fuchsia	fuksia
fuck	kuradi
fuckedoff	fuckedoff
fucker	kuradi
fucking	kuradi
fuckoff	fukkoff
fucksake	fucksake
fucktard	fucktard
fuckyeah	fuckeeah
fudge	fudge
fuel	kütus
fugitive	põgenik
fulcrum	tugipunkt
fulfill	täitma
fulfilled	täidetud
fulfilling	täidab
fulfillment	täitmine
full	täis
fullback	vastupidi
fullness	täiuslikkus
fully	täielikult
fulsome	täiuslik
fumble	kummitama
fume	suitsu
fumigation	fumigatsioon
fumin	NO TRANSLATION
fuming	kummitav
fun	lõbus
function	funktsioon
functional	funktsionaalne
fund	fond
fundamental	põhiline
fundamentalist	fundamentalistlik
fundamentally	põhimõtteliselt
funday	funday
funding	rahastamine
fundraiser	fundraiser
fundraising	raha kogumine
funds	raha
funeral	matused
fungus	seene
funk	funk
funky	funky
funnel	lehter
funny	naljakas
fur	karusnaha
furious	vihane
furiously	raevukalt
furlong	Furlong
furlough	vaba aja veetmine
furnace	ahju
furnish	möbleerima
furnishings	sisustus
furniture	mööbel
furor	furor
furrow	vagun
furry	karvane
furtherance	edendamine
fury	viha
fuse	kaitse
fuselage	füsiāla
fusion	termotuumasüntees
fuss	rahutu
fussy	tülikas
fustrated	NO TRANSLATION
futile	mõttetu
futility	visadus
futon	futon
future	tulevik
fuzz	fuzz
fuzzy	fuzzy
gab	NO TRANSLATION
gaby	gaby
gad	aasta
gadget	vidin
gaff	gaff
gag	Gag
gaga	gaga
gage	gage
gaggle	kummitama
gahhh	NO TRANSLATION
gaiety	lõbus
gain	kasu
gainful	tasustatav
gaining	kasumi saamine
gait	kõnnak
gal	gal
gala	gala
galactic	galaktika
galaxy	galaktika
gale	lõhe
gall	jala
gallant	salatiline
gallantry	saladuslikkus
gallbladder	sapipõie
galled	galled
gallery	galerii
galley	kambüüs
gallon	gallon
gallop	galop
galloping	koputades
gallows	tiivas
galore	kaugel
galvanic	galvaaniline
gamble	õnnemäng
gambler	mängur
gambling	hasartmängud
game	mäng
gameday	Gameday
gametime	mänguaeg
gaming	mängimine
gamma	gamma
gammon	gammon
gamut	maht
gander	gander
gang	gang
gangland	gangland
gangrene	gangreen
gangster	gangster
gangway	maantee
gaol	gaol
gap	lõhe
gape	gape
gaping	lõhenenud
garage	garaaž
garb	rõivastus
garbage	prügi
garbled	moonutatud
garden	aed
gardener	aednik
gardening	aiandus
gardens	aiad
gargle	koorima
gargoyle	gargoyle
garish	giraalne
garlic	küüslauk
garment	rõivas
garner	garner
garnet	granaat
garnish	garneering
garrison	garnison
garter	ripskoes
gas	gaas
gaseous	gaasiline
gash	kukk
gasification	gaasistamine
gasket	tihend
gasoline	bensiin
gasp	hingeldama
gasping	gasping
gassy	gaasiline
gastric	mao
gastronomy	gastronoomia
gate	värav
gatekeeper	gatekeeper
gateway	värav
gather	koguma
gatherer	koguja
gathering	kogumine
gator	gator
gatorade	gatorade
gauche	NO TRANSLATION
gaudy	nutikas
gauge	gabariit
gauging	mõõtmine
gaunt	kummitama
gauntlet	seljatugevus
gauze	marli
gavel	gavel
gawk	gawk
gay	homo
gaze	pilk
gazebo	vaatetorn
gazelle	gazelle
gazette	ajakiri
gazetteer	gazetteer
gazillion	gazillion
gazing	vahtis
gear	käik
geek	geek
geeky	geeky
geez	geez
geezer	geezer
geisha	geiša
gel	geel
gelatin	želatiin
geld	NO TRANSLATION
gelding	keetmine
gem	pärl
gemini	gemini
gender	sugu
genealogy	sugupuu
general	üldine
generality	üldiselt
generalization	üldistamine
generally	üldiselt
generate	genereerima
generation	põlvkond
generative	generatiivne
generator	generaator
generic	üldine
generosity	suuremeelsus
generous	helde
genesis	geneeze
genetic	geneetiline
genetics	geneetika
genial	hingeline
genie	džinn
genital	suguelundid
genitalia	suguelundid
genius	geenius
genocide	genotsiid
genome	genoom
genre	žanr
gent	gent
genteel	genteel
gentile	pagan
gentle	õrn
gentleman	härrasmees
gentlemanly	härrasmees
gentleness	õrnus
gently	õrnalt
gentry	aadel
genuine	tõeline
genus	perekond
geographic	geograafiline
geographical	geograafiline
geography	geograafia
geological	geoloogiline
geologist	geoloog
geology	geoloogia
geometric	geomeetriline
geometry	geomeetria
geranium	geranium
gerbil	gerbil
geriatric	geriaatriline
germ	idu
german	saksa keel
germane	germane
germinate	idanema
germination	idanemine
germs	mikroobe
gestation	rasedusaeg
gesture	žest
get	saada
getaway	põgenemine
getoverit	NO TRANSLATION
getoveryourself	NO TRANSLATION
getup	tõuse üles
getyourown	getyourown
ghastly	õudne
ghetto	geto
ghost	kummitus
ghostly	kummitav
ghoul	ghoul
giant	hiiglane
gibberish	kibuvits
giddy	kummitav
gift	kingitus
gifted	andekas
gifts	kingitused
gig	kontsert
gigantic	hiiglaslik
giggle	heitama
giggles	giggles
giggling	giggling
gigolo	gigolo
gilded	kullatud
gill	gill
gills	lõhed
gilt	kullatud
gimmick	trikk
gimp	gimp
gin	džinn
ginger	ingver
gingerbread	piparkoogid
gingerly	karmilt
ginseng	ženšenn
giraffe	kaelkirjak
girder	jõgi
girdle	vöö
girl	tüdruk
girlfriend	tüdruksõber
girlie	tüdruk
girlish	girlish
girly	girly
girth	ringkiri
gist	gist
give	anna
giveaway	ära andma
giver	NO TRANSLATION
giving	andes
gizmo	gizmo
gizzard	gizzard
glabrous	kuldne
glacial	jää-jää
glacier	liustik
glad	hea meel
glade	sära
gladiator	gladiaator
gladness	rõõm
glamorous	glamuurne
glamour	glamuur
glance	pilk
gland	nääre
glare	pimestamine
glaring	pimestav
glass	klaas
glasses	prillid
glassware	klaasnõud
glaucoma	glaukoom
glaze	glasuur
glazed	klaasitud
gleam	valgus
gleaming	gleaming
glean	valima
glee	rõõmu
gleeful	laiskus
glen	Glen
glib	glib
glide	libisemine
glider	liider
glimmer	glimmer
glimpse	pilguheit
glint	pilk
glisten	glisten
glitch	glitch
glitter	sära
glittering	säravat
gloat	pettuma
global	globaalne
globe	globe
globular	globaalne
gloom	pimedus
gloomy	sünge
glorification	ülistamine
glorified	ülistatud
glorify	austustage
glorious	kuulsusrikas
glory	hiilgus
gloss	läikiv
glossary	sõnastik
glossy	läikiv
glove	kindad
gloves	kindad
glow	kuma
glowing	hõõguv
glucose	glükoos
glue	liim
glum	glum
glut	lämblema
gluten	gluteen
glutton	pettumus
gluttony	pettumus
glycerin	glütseriin
gnat	jama
gnome	gnome
go	mine
goal	eesmärk
goalie	väravavaht
goals	eesmärgid
goat	kits
goatee	kitsakas
gob	kukk
gobble	kummitama
goblet	klaas
goblin	goblin
god	Jumal
godbless	NO TRANSLATION
goddamn	jumal
goddamned	jumalakartunud
goddess	jumalanna
godfather	ristiisa
godforsaken	jumalakartunud
godisgood	Jumal on hea
godisgreat	NO TRANSLATION
godless	jumalatu
godlike	jumalik
godly	jumalik
godmother	kristlane
godsend	jumalakartus
godson	Jumalanna
gofuckyourself	läheb enda juurde
goggle	nägema
goggles	kaitseprillid
gold	kuld
golden	kuldne
goldfish	kuldkala
golf	golf
golfer	golfimängija
golfing	golf
gondola	gondola
gone	läinud
goner	Goner
gong	NO TRANSLATION
gonorrhea	gonorröa
goo	goo
goober	goober
good	hea
goodbye	hüvastu
goodday	head päeva
goodfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
goodhealth	NO TRANSLATION
goodie	headie
goodies	maiuspalad
goodlife	hea elu
goodly	hea
goodmood	NO TRANSLATION
goodmorning	Tere hommikust
goodmusic	hea muusika
goodness	headus
goodnews	head uudised
goods	kaupu
goodtimes	head ajad
goodvibes	NO TRANSLATION
goodwill	firmaväärtus
goody	kullake
gooey	kullake
goof	asi
goofball	goofball
goofy	kummaline
goon	härra
gooood	gooood
goop	asi
goose	hani
gopher	gopher
gore	gore
gorge	gorge
gorgeous	gorgeous
gorilla	gorilla
gory	kallis
gospel	kirikulaul
gossip	kuulujutud
gothic	gootika
gouge	kummitus
goulash	gulšah
gourd	gourd
gourmet	gurmee
gout	podagra
govern	valitsema
governess	kuberner
governing	reguleerivad
government	valitsus
governmental	valitsusväline
governor	kuberner
gown	kleit
grab	haarata
grace	armu
graceful	graatsiline
gracias	NO TRANSLATION
gracious	armsad
graciously	halastavalt
grad	NO TRANSLATION
gradation	gradatsioon
grade	palgaastmele
graded	sorteeritud
grader	grader
grades	palgaastmed
gradient	gradient
gradschool	NO TRANSLATION
gradual	järkjärguline
gradually	järk-järgult
graduate	lõpetama
graduation	lõpetamine
graffiti	graffiti
graft	transplantaat
grail	graal
grain	tera
gram	gramm
grammar	grammatika
grand	grand
grand theft auto	suur autovargus
grandchild	lapselaps
grandchildren	lapselapsed
granddad	vanaisa
granddaddy	vanaisa
granddaughter	lapselaps
grandeur	suursugusus
grandfather	vanaisa
grandiose	grandioosne
grandma	vanaema
grandmother	vanaema
grandpa	vanaisa
grandson	lapselaps
grandstand	grandstand
grange	rohumaa
granite	graniit
granny	vanaema
granola	granola
grant	toetus
granted	antud
grantee	toetusesaaja
grantor	andja
granular	graanulid
granule	graanulid
grape	viinamarjad
grape juice	viinamarjamahl
grapefruit	greibid
grapes	viinamarjad
grapevine	viinamarjavirre
graph	graafik
graphic	graafiline
graphics	graafika
graphite	grafiit
grapple	haarata
grappling	võitlemine
grasp	haarake
grasping	haarates
grass	muru
grasshopper	rohutirts
grassy	rohuline
grate	riivitud
grated	riivitud
grateful	tänulik
gratification	rahulolu
gratified	rõõmus
gratify	rõõmu
gratifying	rõõmustav
grating	restid
gratis	NO TRANSLATION
gratitude	tänulikkus
gratuitous	tasuta
gratuity	hüvitised
grave	hauda
gravel	kruus
graver	NO TRANSLATION
graveyard	surnuaed
gravitate	koormama
gravitation	gravitatsioon
gravitational	gravitatsiooniline
gravity	gravitatsioon
gravy	kastmega
gray	hall
graze	kriimustama
grease	rasva
greased	määrdunud
greaser	greaser
greasy	rasvane
great	suurepärane
great anticipation	suur ootamine
great aunt	suur tädi
great disgust	suur pahameel
great grandfather	vanavanaisa
great grandma	vanavanaema
great grandmother	vanavanaema
great grandpa	suurepärane vanaisa
great surprise	suur üllatus
great trust	suur usaldust
great uncle	suurepärane onu
greatday	NO TRANSLATION
greater	suurem
greatest	suurim
greatfriends	NO TRANSLATION
greatful	NO TRANSLATION
greatly	suuresti
greatly negative	väga negatiivne
greatly positive	väga positiivne
greatness	suurus
greatnight	NO TRANSLATION
greed	ahnus
greedy	ahne
green	roheline
green bean	roheline uba
green pepper	roheline pipar
green snake	roheline mao
greenhouse	kasvuhoone
greenish	rohekas
greenwood	roheline puu
greet	tervitage
greeted	tervitati
greeting	tervitus
gregarious	kallis
grenade	granaat
grey	hall
greyhound	hurt
grid	võrk
gridiron	gridiron
grief	kurbus
grievance	kaebus
grieve	valutama
grieved	kurb
grieving	leinane
grievous	rasked
griffin	griffin
grill	grill
grille	võre
grilled	grillitud
grim	mustad
grime	mustus
grimy	mustane
grin	naerata
grind	lihvima
grinder	veski
grinding	lihvimine
grindstone	toorikivi
gringo	gringo
grip	käepide
gripe	kukk
grisly	kohutavalt
grist	rusikas
grit	hõõruda
grits	maitsetaimed
gritty	rähn
grizzly	grizzly
groan	kummitama
grocer	toidukauplus
groceries	toidukaubad
grocery	toidupoed
groggy	kummitav
groin	kõhuga
groom	peigmees
groove	soon
groovy	groovy
grope	torkima
gross	bruto
grotesque	grotesque
grotto	grott
grouch	röövima
grouchy	kummitama
ground	maa peal
grounded	maandatud
groundhog	maastik
grounding	maandus
groundless	alusetu
grounds	põhjused
groundwork	alused
group	Grupp
groupie	grupie
grouping	rühmitamine
grouse	toitlustamine
grout	süst
grove	Grove
grovel	hoolitsema
grow	kasvatada
growl	muretsema
growling	kallistamine
growls	murab
grownup	täiskasvanu
growth	kasvu
growthefuckup	kasvamafuckup
grr	grr
grrr	grrr
grrrrr	grrrrr
grub	grub
grubby	räpane
grudge	vaeva
grudging	kiusamine
grudgingly	kohutavalt
gruel	kurk
grueling	kurnav
gruesome	kohutav
gruff	kõhn
grumble	rämpsema
grump	hirmutama
grumpy	tõre
grunt	hirmutama
grunting	röövimine
guacamole	Guacamole
guano	Guano
guarantee	garantii
guaranty	garantii
guard	valvur
guarded	valvatav
guardhouse	valvehoone
guardian	hooldaja
guardianship	eestkoste
guards	valvurid
gubernatorial	gubernatorial
guerilla	NO TRANSLATION
guerrilla	partei
guess	arvan
guesser	arvaja
guesswork	oletus
guest	külaline
guesthouse	külalistemaja
guidance	juhised
guide	juhend
guidebook	reisijuht
guidelines	suunised
guiding	juhendamine
guild	gildi
guile	kavalus
guillotine	giljotiin
guilt	süü
guilty	süüdi
guinea	Guinea
guise	nägema
guitar	kitarr
guitarist	kitarrist
gules	gules
gulf	laht
gull	kajakad
gullet	söögitoru
gullible	kergeusklik
gully	jumal
gulp	küünema
gum	kummi
gumbo	gumbo
gummy	kummitav
gumption	gumption
gun	relv
gunboat	gunboat
gunfight	gunfight
gunfighter	gunfighter
gunfire	tulirelv
gunk	gunk
gunman	relv
gunmen	relvastatud mehed
gunner	relv
gunnery	relv
gunplay	gunplay
gunpoint	gunpoint
gunpowder	püssirohtu
gunshot	püstol
gunslinger	gunslinger
gurney	gurney
guru	guru
gush	jama
gusher	gusher
gusset	kummitus
gust	kõhtu
gusto	NO TRANSLATION
gusty	kummitav
gut	soolestik
gutless	gutless
guts	soolestikud
gutsy	gutsy
gutter	kanal
guy	kutt
guzzler	vaimukas
guzzling	nuusutama
gym	Jõusaal
gymnasium	gümnaasium
gymnast	võimleja
gymnastic	võimlemine
gymnastics	võimlemine
gynecologist	günekoloog
gynecology	günekoloogia
gypsy	mustlane
gyroscope	güroskoop
habit	harjumus
habitat	elupaik
habitation	eluase
habitual	harilik
habitually	harilikult
hacienda	hacienda
hack	häkkima
hacker	häkker
hacksaw	rauasaag
hadenough	NO TRANSLATION
hag	hag
haggard	haggard
haggle	haggle
haiku	haiku
hail	rahe
hair	juuksed
hairball	juuksepall
hairbrush	juuksehari
haircut	juuksehari
hairdo	soeng
hairdresser	juuksur
hairdryer	föön
hairless	karvutu
hairline	juustepiirkond
hairpin	juuksenõel
hairspray	huulepray
hairstyle	soeng
hairy	karvane
hale	hale
half	pool
half dollar	pool dollarit
halfback	poolkaup
halftime	poolaeg
halfway	pooleldi
halibut	hiidle
hall	saal
hallelujah	halleluuja
hallmark	tunnusmärk
hallowed	pühitsetud
hallucination	hallutsinatsioonid
hallway	esik
halo	halo
halt	peatama
halter	peata
halting	peatamine
halve	poole võrra
halving	poole võrra
ham	sink
hamburger	hamburger
hamlet	alevik
hammer	haamer
hammerhead	Hammerhead
hammering	haamriga
hammock	võrkkiik
hamper	takistama
hamster	hamster
hamstring	hamstring
hand	käsi
handbag	käekott
handball	käsipall
handbook	käsiraamat
handcuff	käeraua
handful	käputäis
handgun	püstol
handheld	pihuarvuti
handicap	puuetega inimesed
handicapped	puuetega inimesed
handicraft	käsitöö
handiwork	käsitöö
handkerchief	taskurätik
handle	käepide
handler	käitleja
handmade	käsitsi valmistatud
handout	väljaandmine
handprint	kätepaber
handshake	käepigistus
handsome	ilusad
handwriting	käekiri
handy	mugav
handyman	meistrimees
hang	rippuma
hangar	angaar
hanger	riidepuu
hanging	rippus
hangman	hangman
hangout	hangout
hangover	pohmelus
hangry	hangy
hank	hank
hankering	hirmuäratav
hanky	hanky
hap	NO TRANSLATION
haphazard	juhuslikult
hapless	õnnetu
happen	juhtuda
happening	juhtub
happier	õnnelikumad
happiest	õnnelikum
happily	rõõmsalt
happiness	õnne
happy	õnnelik
happydance	õnneks
happyday	õnnelik päev
happyheart	õnnelik sulle
happyholidays	NO TRANSLATION
happynewyear	NO TRANSLATION
happyplace	NO TRANSLATION
happytweet	NO TRANSLATION
happyvalentinesday	NO TRANSLATION
harass	ahistama
harassing	ahistavad
harassment	ahistamine
harbinger	ettekandja
harbor	sadam
hard	raske
hardball	hardball
hardcore	hardcore
harden	kõvenema
hardened	karastatud
hardening	kõvenemine
hardheaded	jäärapäine
hardness	kõvadus
hardship	raskused
hardware	riistvara
hardwood	lehtpuu
hardworking	töökas
hardy	vastupidav
hare	kutt
harebrained	vaevunud
harem	harem
hark	kallis
harlot	viletsus
harm	kahju
harmful	kahjulik
harmless	ohutu
harmonica	harmoonika
harmonics	harmoonilised
harmonious	harmooniline
harmoniously	harmooniliselt
harmonize	ühtlustada
harmony	harmoonia
harness	rakmed
harp	harf
harper	harper
harpoon	harpuun
harpsichord	klavessiin
harrowing	ahastamine
harry	Harry
harsh	karm
harshness	karmus
hart	hart
harvest	saagikoristus
hash	hash
hashish	hašiš
hassle	vaeva
haste	kiirustama
hasten	kiirustama
hastily	kiirustades
hasty	kiirustades
hat	müts
hatch	luuk
hatchet	tropp
hate	vihkan
hateeee	NO TRANSLATION
hateeveryone	NO TRANSLATION
hateful	vihklev
hater	viha
hateyou	NO TRANSLATION
hating	vihkamine
hatred	vihkamine
haughty	ülbus
haul	veetma
haulage	vedu
haunt	kummitama
haunted	kummitab
have	on
haven	haven
havoc	hävimine
haw	Haw
hawk	kull
hawking	Hawking
hay	NO TRANSLATION
haye	Haye
hayride	Hayride
haystack	haystack
haywire	haywire
hazard	oht
hazardous	ohtlik
haze	hägune
hazmat	hazmat
hazy	udune
head	pea
headache	peavalu
headaches	peavalud
headband	peapael
headdress	peanahk
header	päis
headgear	peakatted
heading	pealkiri
headland	põllumaa
headless	peaeta
headlight	esituled
headline	pealkiri
headliner	headliner
headlock	peakokk
headlong	Peaaegu
headmaster	direktor
headphones	kõrvaklapid
headquarter	peakontor
headquarters	peakorter
headset	peakomplekt
headstone	pealmaja
headstrong	headstrong
headway	edu
heady	heady
heal	paranema
healer	tervendaja
healing	paranemine
health	tervis
healthcare	tervishoid
healthful	tervislik
healthy	tervislik
heap	hunnik
hear	kuule
hearer	kuulaja
hearing	ära kuulata
hearsay	kuule
hearse	sünnipäev
heart	süda
heart disease	südamehaigus
heartache	südamehaigus
heartattack	NO TRANSLATION
heartbeat	südamelöögisagedus
heartbreak	südamevalu
heartbreaker	südamelöökideja
heartbreaking	südantlõhkuja
heartbroken	südamehaigus
heartburn	kõrvetised
hearted	südamega
heartfelt	südamlik
hearth	kapp
heartily	südamest
heartland	südames
heartless	südametu
hearts	südamed
heartsick	südamelöök
heartworm	südameuss
hearty	südamlik
heat	kuumus
heated	kuumutatud
heater	kütteseade
heath	hea
heathen	paganlik
heather	heather
heating	küte
heave	kallis
heaven	taevas
heavenly	taevane
heavens	taevas
heavily	tugevalt
heaviness	raskustunne
heaving	tormamine
heavy	raske
heavy metal	Heavy metal
heavyweight	raskekaalu
heck	heck
hectares	hektarit
hectic	ärev
hedge	hekid
hedgehog	siil
hedonism	hedonism
hee	hee
heed	kuulda
heel	kreen
heels	kontsad
heft	kallis
hefty	kopsakas
hegemonic	hegemooniline
heheh	NO TRANSLATION
heifer	heifer
height	kõrgus
heighten	tősta
heightened	kõrgendatud
heinous	häbelik
heir	pärija
heiress	pärija
heirloom	pärandi loomus
heirs	pärijad
heist	heist
helical	spiraalne
helicopter	helikopter
helipad	helipad
heliport	helikopter
helium	heelium
helix	heeliks
hell	põrgu
hellfire	hellfire
hellhole	kullake
hellish	põrgu
helm	Helm
helmet	kiivrit
helmsman	Roolimees
help	abi
helper	abimees
helpful	abivalmis
helpless	abitu
helplessness	abitus
hem	NO TRANSLATION
hematite	hematiit
hematoma	hematoom
hemi	hemi
hemisphere	poolkera
hemispheric	poolkera
hemlock	hemlock
hemoglobin	hemoglobiin
hemorrhage	hemorraagia
hemorrhoids	hemorroidid
hemostat	hemostaat
hemp	kanep
hen	NO TRANSLATION
henceforth	edaspidi
henhouse	kanaam
hepatitis	hepatiit
herald	Herald
heraldry	heraldika
herb	herb
herbaceous	rohuline
herbal	taimne
herbarium	herbaarium
herbs	maitsetaimed
herd	karja
hereditary	pärilik
heredity	pärilikkus
heresy	ketserlus
heretic	ketserlik
heretical	ketserlik
heretofore	siiani
hereunto	siit
herewith	koos sellega
heritage	kultuuripärand
hermaphrodite	hermaphrodiid
hermeneutics	hermeneutics
hermit	erakond
hernia	küpsus
hero	kangelane
heroic	kangelaslik
heroics	kangelaslikkus
heroin	heroiin
heroine	heroiin
heroism	kangelaslikkus
herpes	herpes
herpesvirus	herpesviirus
herring	heeringas
hertz	Hertz
hesitant	kõhklev
hesitate	kõhkle
hesitating	kõhklev
hesitation	kõhklus
hetero	hetero
heterogeneity	heterogeensus
heterosexual	heteroseksuaalne
hew	kallis
hex	hex
hexagon	kuusnurk
heyday	õitsengu aeg
hiatus	hiatus
hibernate	talveunerežiim
hibernation	talveunerežiim
hiccup	luksumine
hick	hick
hickey	hickey
hickory	hickory
hidden	peidetud
hide	peida
hideaway	hideaway
hideous	kohutav
hideout	peidupaik
hiding	peidus
hierarchical	hierarhiline
hierarchy	hierarhia
hieroglyphics	hieroglüüfid
high	kõrge
high heels	kõrged kontsad
highball	highball
higher	kõrgem
highest	kõrgeim
highland	mägismaa
highlands	mägismaal
highlight	esile tõsta
highness	kõrgus
hight	kõrgus
hightail	hightail
highway	maanteel
hijack	kaaperdamine
hijacker	kaaperdaja
hike	matkama
hiker	matkaja
hiking	matkamine
hiking boot	matkajakott
hilarious	lõbus
hilarity	lõbusus
hill	mägi
hillside	mäed
hilltop	mäetipp
hilly	mägine
hilt	kile
hind	hind
hinder	takistama
hindering	takistades
hindrance	takistus
hindsight	tagasiside
hinge	hinge
hint	vihje
hinterland	sisemaa
hip	hip
hip hop	Hip Hop
hippie	hipi
hippo	hippo
hippopotamus	hippopotamus
hire	palgata
hirsute	hirsuteti
hiss	sööb
hissing	hissing
histology	histoloogia
historian	ajaloolane
historic	ajalooline
historical	ajalooline
historiography	historiograafia
history	ajalugu
hit	tabas
hitch	haagis
hitchhike	veoauto
hitchhiker	autojuht
hitherto	siiani
hitter	hitter
hive	taru
hives	tarud
hoard	hoiukoht
hoarse	sünge
hoary	saba
hoax	pettus
hob	pliidiplaat
hobbit	hobbit
hobby	hobi
hobo	hobo
hock	kullake
hockey	jäähoki
hoe	NO TRANSLATION
hog	hag
hogwash	hogwash
hohoho	NO TRANSLATION
hoist	tõstukiga
hokey	hokey
hold	pidage kinni
holder	omanik
holding	hoidmine
holdup	mahajäämus
hole	auk
holiday	puhkus
holidays	pühad
holidayseason	NO TRANSLATION
holiness	pühadus
holistic	terviklik
holler	holler
hollow	õõnes
holly	holly
holocaust	holokausti
hologram	hologramm
holographic	holograafiline
holster	kotikes
holy	püha
holyspirit	NO TRANSLATION
homage	austusavaldus
hombre	NO TRANSLATION
hombres	NO TRANSLATION
home	Kodu
homeboy	homeboy
homecoming	homme tagasi saatmine
homeland	kodumaa
homeless	kodutud
homely	kodune
homemade	omatehtud
homeopathic	homöopaatiline
homeopathy	homöopaatia
homeowner	majaomanik
homeroom	homeroom
homesick	kodusus
homestead	talu
homesweethome	Kodu armas kodu
hometown	kodulinn
homeward	homeward
homework	kodutöö
homey	kodune
homicidal	mõrvar
homicide	tapmine
homily	homily
homing	kodune
hominy	hominy
homo	homo
homogeneity	homogeensus
homogeneous	homogeenne
homologous	homoloogiline
homologue	homoloog
homology	homoloogia
homophobic	homofoobne
homosexual	homoseksuaalne
homosexuality	homoseksuaalsus
honcho	honcho
hone	Luisk
honest	aus
honesty	ausus
honey	kallis
honeycomb	kärgstruktuur
honeymoon	mesinädalad
honeysuckle	suhkruroog
honk	jama
honky	honky
honor	au
honorable	austusväärne
honorarium	honorari
honorary	aukartus
honored	austatud
hooch	hooch
hood	kapuuts
hooded	kapuutsiga
hoodlum	hoodlum
hoof	kabja
hook	konks
hooked	konksuga
hooker	hooker
hookup	hookup
hooky	võõras
hooligan	huligaan
hoop	rumm
hoopla	hoopla
hooray	vooru
hoot	hoot
hooter	hooter
hop	hop
hope	lootust
hopeful	loodetavasti
hopeless	lootusetu
hopelessness	lootusetus
hopes	loodab
hoping	lootes
hopper	punker
horde	horde
horizon	silmapiiril
horizontal	horisontaalne
horizontally	horisontaalselt
hormonal	hormoonne
hormone	hormoon
horn	sarv
horned	sarvedega
hornet	hornet
horny	horny
horoscope	horoskoop
horrendous	hirmuäratav
horrible	kohutav
horribly	kohutavalt
horrid	hirmus
horrific	kohutav
horrified	kohutav
horrifying	kohutav
horror	õudus
horrors	õudused
horse	hobune
horseback	ratsutamine
horseman	ratsanik
horsepower	hobujõud
horseradish	mädarõigas
horseshit	hobused
horseshoe	hobuseraua
horsey	hobune
horticultural	aianduslik
horticulture	aiandus
hosannah	NO TRANSLATION
hose	voolik
hosiery	sukktooted
hospice	hospice
hospitable	külalislahke
hospital	haigla
hospitality	külalislahkus
host	võõrustaja
hostage	pantvangis
hostel	hostel
hostess	perenaine
hostile	vaenulik
hostilities	vaenutegevus
hostility	vaenulikkus
hot	kuum
hot sauce	kuum kaste
hotbed	kuumakasvatus
hotdog	hotdog
hotel	hotell
hothead	kuumajuht
hotline	hotline
hotshot	hotshot
hotyoga	NO TRANSLATION
hound	hagijas
hour	tunnis
hourglass	liivakell
hourly	tunnis
house	maja
houseboat	paatmaja
houseboy	houseboy
housebroken	majakurdunud
houseguest	majahoidja
household	majapidamine
householder	majaomanik
housekeeper	majapidaja
housekeeping	majapidamine
housewarming	uuestisüttimine
housewife	koduperenaine
housework	majapidamistööd
housing	eluase
hovel	hovel
hover	hõljuma
hovercraft	hõljuk
howl	viga
howsoever	ükskõik
hoy	NO TRANSLATION
hub	Rummu
hubby	hubby
huckleberry	viinapuu
huddle	rääkima
hue	värvitoon
huff	huff
huffy	huffy
hug	kallistama
huge	tohutu
hugger	hugger
huggy	huggy
hugs	kallistused
hulk	hulk
hull	kere
hum	hing
human	inimene
humane	inimlik
humanitarian	humanitaarabi
humanities	humanitaarteadused
humanity	inimkond
humankind	inimkond
humanoid	humanoid
humanrights	NO TRANSLATION
humble	tagasihoidlik
humbled	alandlik
humbly	alandlikult
humbug	humbug
humdrum	üksildane
humid	niiske
humidity	niiskus
humiliate	alandada
humiliated	alandatud
humiliating	alandav
humiliation	alandamine
humility	alandlikkus
hummer	huumor
hummingbird	kolb
humongous	humongous
humor	huumor
humored	humoorikas
humorist	humoorikas
humorous	humoorikas
hump	küür
humpback	kukkumine
hunch	hunch
hunchback	kummikork
hundred	sada
hundredth	sajandik
hunger	nälg
hungry	näljane
hunk	hunk
hunks	koerad
hunky	kallis
hunt	jahti
hunter	jahimees
hunting	jahindus
huntress	huntress
hurdle	tõke
hurl	hurl
hurrah	hurraja
hurricane	orkaan
hurricanes	orkaanid
hurried	kiirustasid
hurry	kiirusta
hurryup	NO TRANSLATION
hurt	haiget
hurtful	kahjulik
hurting	haiget
husband	abikaasa
husbandry	kasvatamine
hush	hoogu
hushed	vaikne
husk	NO TRANSLATION
husky	husky
hussy	hussy
hustle	pingutus
hustler	hustler
hut	kotkas
hutch	hülss
hyacinth	hüatsint
hybrid	hübriid
hydra	hüdras
hydrant	hüdrant
hydrate	hüdraat
hydraulic	hüdrauliline
hydraulics	hüdraulika
hydrocephalus	hüdrotsefaalia
hydrodynamics	hüdrodünaamika
hydrogen	vesinik
hydrographic	hüdrograafiline
hydrology	hüdroloogia
hydrophobia	hüdrofoobia
hydroponics	hüdropoonika
hyena	hüena
hygiene	hügieen
hygienic	hügieeniline
hygienist	hügieenik
hymen	hymen
hymn	hümn
hype	hype
hyped	hüpped
hyper	hüper
hyperactive	hüperaktiivne
hyperbole	hüperbool
hyperspace	hüpersfunktsioon
hypertension	hüpertensioon
hypertrophy	hüpertroofia
hyperventilate	hüperventilat
hyperventilating	hüperventilatsioon
hyphen	sidekriips
hypnosis	hüpnoos
hypnotic	hüpnootiline
hypnotist	hüpnotiseerija
hypnotize	hüpnotiseerima
hypnotized	hüpnotiseeritud
hypochondriac	hüpohondriak
hypocrisy	silmakirjalikkus
hypocrite	silmakirjalikkus
hypocritical	silmakirjalik
hypodermic	hüpodermiline
hypothalamus	hüpotalamus
hypothermia	hüpotermia
hypothesis	hüpotees
hypothetical	hüpoteetiline
hysterectomy	hüsterektoomia
hysteria	hüsteeria
hysterical	hüsteeriline
ibuprofen	ibuprofeen
ice	jää
ice tea	jää tee
iceberg	jäämägi
icebox	jäätis
icebreaker	jäämurdja
iced	jää
icing	jäätumine
icky	icky
icon	ikoon
iconic	ikooniline
iconography	ikonograafia
icy	jääk
id	id
idea	idee
ideal	ideaalne
idealism	idealism
idealist	idealistlik
idealistic	idealistiline
identical	identne
identically	identselt
identification	identifitseerimine
identify	tuvastada
identity	identiteet
ideology	ideoloogia
idiocy	idiootsus
idiom	idioom
idiomatic	idioomaatiline
idiot	idioot
idiotic	idiootlik
idiots	idioodid
idle	jõude
idleness	lõbusus
idler	idler
idol	iidol
idolatry	ebajumalateenistus
idolizing	jumalakartlik
idyllic	idülliline
iffy	iffy
ifonly	kui ainult
igloo	igloo
igneous	tumevärv
ignite	süttida
ignition	süütamine
ignorance	teadmatus
ignorant	teadmatusest
ignore	ignoreerima
iguana	iguaan
ihatespiders	NO TRANSLATION
ilk	NO TRANSLATION
ill	haige
illegal	illegaalne
illegality	ebaseaduslikkus
illegally	ebaseaduslikult
illegible	loetamatu
illegitimate	ebaseaduslik
illicit	ebaseaduslik
illiterate	kirjaoskamatu
illness	haigus
illogical	ebaloogiline
illuminate	valgustama
illuminating	valgustav
illumination	valgustus
illuminator	valgusti
illusion	illusioon
illustrate	illustreerima
illustration	illustratsioon
illustrative	illustratiivne
illustrious	suurepärane
ilovechristmas	NO TRANSLATION
iloveher	NO TRANSLATION
image	pilt
imagery	kujundlikkus
imaginable	mõeldav
imaginary	kujuteldav
imagination	kujutlusvõime
imaginative	kujutlusvõimeline
imagine	kujutan ette
imagined	ette kujutada
imaging	pildistamine
imagining	ette kujutades
imam	NO TRANSLATION
imbalance	tasakaalustamatus
imbecile	imbetsiil
imbedded	sisustatud
imissyou	NO TRANSLATION
imitate	jäljendama
imitated	jäljendatud
imitation	imitatsioon
immaculate	täiuslik
immaterial	ebaoluline
immature	ebaküps
immaturity	ebaküpsus
immeasurable	mõõdetamatu
immeasurably	mõõdukalt
immediacy	otsekohesus
immediate	vahetu
immediately	kohe
immemorial	ammustest aegadest
immense	tohutu
immerse	sukelduma
immersion	keelekümblus
immigrant	immigrant
immigration	sisseränne
imminent	otsene
immobile	liikumatu
immoral	ebamoraalne
immorality	ebamoraalsus
immortal	surematu
immortality	suretus
immovable	kinnisasja
immune	immuunne
immunity	immuunsus
immunization	immuniseerimine
immutable	muutumatu
imp	imp
impact	mõju
impair	halvendada
impaired	halvenenud
impairment	kahjustus
impart	andma
impartial	erapooletu
impartiality	erapooletus
impassable	läbimatu
impassioned	põnevil
impatience	kannatamatus
impatient	kannatamatu
impatiently	NO TRANSLATION
impeach	impeach
impeachment	impeachment
impeccable	laitmatu
impede	takistama
impediment	takistus
impelled	impelled
impending	eelseisvaks
impenetrable	läbitungimatu
imperative	hädavajalik
imperceptible	tundmatu
imperfect	ebatäiuslik
imperfection	ebatäiuslikkus
imperfectly	ebatäiuslikult
imperial	imperialne
imperialist	NO TRANSLATION
impermeable	läbilaskvad
impermissible	lubamatu
impersonal	impersonaalne
impersonate	isikupära
impersonation	isikupärastamine
impersonator	näitleja
impertinence	tahtmine
impertinent	tungiv
impervious	läbilaskvad
impetuous	kiire
impetus	hoog
implacable	süütu
implant	implantaat
implantation	implantatsioon
implanted	implanteeritud
implement	rakendama
implicate	süüdistama
implicated	kaasatud
implication	implikatsioon
implied	vaikimisi
implore	palvetama
implosion	implosioon
imply	tähendama
impolite	ebamõistlik
import	import
importance	tähtsus
important	oluline
importation	importimine
impose	kehtestama
imposing	kehtestades
imposition	rakendamine
impossibility	võimatust
impossible	võimatu
impostor	impostor
impotence	impotentsus
impotent	impotentsed
impound	varjatud
impoverished	vaesunud
impracticable	võimatu
impractical	ebapraktiline
impregnable	impregnable
impregnate	immutama
impress	muljet
impressed	muljet avaldatud
impression	mulje
impressionable	muljetavaldav
impressive	muljetavaldav
imprint	jäljend
imprison	vangistus
imprisoned	vangistatud
imprisonment	vangistus
improbable	uskumatu
impromptu	eksprompt
improper	sobimatu
impropriety	ebaõiglane
improve	paranema
improved	paranenud
improvement	paranemine
improves	paraneb
improving	paranemist
improvisation	improvisatsioon
improvise	improviseerima
improvised	improviseeritud
imprudent	ettevaatamatu
impudence	hirmuäratavus
impudent	kohutav
impulse	impulss
impulsive	impulsiivne
impunity	karistamatus
impure	puhtad
impurity	lisand
imputation	mahaarvamine
imtryingtosleep	NO TRANSLATION
inability	võimetus
inaccessible	kättesaamatu
inaccurate	ebatäpsed
inaction	tegevusetus
inactivate	inaktiveerima
inactivation	inaktiveerimine
inactive	mitteaktiivne
inactivity	tegevusetus
inadequacy	ebapiisavus
inadequate	ebapiisav
inadequateness	ebapiisavus
inadmissible	vastuvõetamatu
inadvertent	tahtmatu
inadvertently	tahtmatult
inaffable	NO TRANSLATION
inalienable	võõrandamatu
inane	inane
inanimate	elutu
inapplicable	ei kohaldata
inappropriate	sobimatu
inattention	tähelepanematus
inaudible	kuuldamatu
inaugural	inauguratsioon
inaugurate	avama
inauguration	inauguratsioon
inborn	kaasasündinud
inbound	sissetulev
inbred	inbred
incalculable	mittearvutatav
incandescent	hõõglamp
incantation	vallutus
incapable	võimetus
incapacity	töövõimetus
incarceration	vangistus
incarnate	kehastama
incase	juhul kui
incendiary	süütu
incense	viiruk
incensed	ahvatlev
incentive	stiimul
inception	algus
incessant	lakkamatu
incessantly	lakkamatult
incest	incest
incestuous	kõhukinnisus
inch	tolline
incidence	esinemissagedus
incident	intsident
incidental	juhuslik
incidentally	muide
incineration	põletamine
incinerator	põletusseade
incipient	algaja
incision	sisselõige
incisive	kallutatav
incite	ärritama
incitement	õhutamine
inclement	kummardus
inclination	kalle
incline	kallutama
inclined	kallutatud
include	lisada
included	kaasa arvatud
including	kaasa arvatud
inclusion	kaasamine
inclusive	kaasa arvatud
incognito	inkognito režiim
incoherent	ebaselge
income	tulu
incoming	sissetulev
incomparable	võrreldamatu
incompatible	Sobimatu
incompetence	ebakompetentsus
incompetent	ebakompetentne
incomplete	mittetäielik
incompletely	osaliselt
incompleteness	puudulikkus
incomprehensible	arusaamatu
inconceivable	mõeldamatu
inconclusive	ebaselge
incongruous	ebaharilik
inconsequential	olemuslik
inconsiderate	tähelepanuta
inconsistency	vastuolu
inconsistent	ebajärjekindel
inconspicuous	silmapaistmatu
incontinence	inkontinentsus
inconvenience	ebamugavused
inconvenient	ebamugav
incorporate	lisada
incorporation	lisamine
incorrect	vale
incorrigible	parandamatu
increase	suurendama
increased	suurenenud
incredible	uskumatu
incredulous	uskumatu
increment	juurdekasv
incriminate	süüdistatav
incriminating	süüdistavad
incrimination	süüdistus
incubation	inkubeerimine
incubator	inkubaator
incubus	inkubauss
incumbent	turgu valitsev
incur	kandma
incurable	ravimatu
incursion	sissetung
indebted	võlgnevus
indecency	ebakindlus
indecent	ebakindel
indecision	ebakindlus
indecisive	lahutamatu
indefensible	tõestamatu
indefinite	määramata
indelible	kustumatu
indemnification	hüvitamine
indemnify	hüvitama
indemnity	hüvitis
indent	taane
indentation	taandumine
indenture	indenture
independence	sõltumatus
independent	sõltumatu
indescribable	kirjeldamatu
indestructible	hävimatu
indeterminate	määramatu
index	indeks
indicate	märkige
indicating	näitab
indication	näidustus
indicative	soovituslik
indicator	indikaator
indice	NO TRANSLATION
indict	süüdistatav
indictment	süüdistus
indie	indie
indifference	ükskõiksus
indifferent	ükskõiksed
indigenous	põliselanikud
indigent	halvane
indigestion	seedehäired
indignant	vihane
indignation	viha
indignity	pettumus
indigo	indigo
indirect	kaudne
indiscreet	diskreetselt
indiscretion	ebakindlus
indispensable	hädavajalik
indisposed	halvasti
indistinct	ebamäärane
indistinguishable	eristatav
individual	individuaalne
individuality	individuaalsus
indivisible	jagamatu
indoctrination	indoktineerimine
indolent	taevas
indomitable	eiramine
indoor	siseruumides
induce	indutseerima
induced	indutseeritud
inducement	meeldetuletus
induction	induktsioon
indulge	anduma
indulgence	leppimine
indulgent	jumalakartlik
industrial	tööstuslik
industrialist	tööstur
industrious	töötav
industry	tööstus
ineffable	ebaselge
ineffective	ebaefektiivne
ineffectual	ebaefektiivne
inefficiency	ebaefektiivsus
inefficient	ebaefektiivne
inelastic	ebamugav
ineligible	sobimatu
inept	inept
ineptitude	ebamugavus
inequality	ebavõrdsus
inequitable	ebaõiglane
inert	inertne
inertia	inerts
inevitable	vältimatu
inexact	ebatäpne
inexcusable	vabandamatu
inexhaustible	ammendamatu
inexpensive	odav
inexperience	kogenematus
inexperienced	kogenematu
inexplicable	seletamatu
inexpressible	ütlemata
infallibility	eksimatust
infallible	eksimatu
infamous	kurikuulus
infamy	uskumatu
infancy	lapsekingades
infant	laps
infanticide	lapsehoolduspuhkus
infantile	infantiilne
infantry	jalavägi
infarct	infarkt
infatuated	imetletav
infatuation	imetlus
infeasible	võimatu
infect	nakatada
infection	nakkus
infectious	nakkav
infer	järeldama
inference	järeldus
inferential	järelduslik
inferior	madalam
inferiority	alaväärtus
infernal	infernaalne
inferno	inferno
infertile	viljatu
infertility	viljatus
infestation	nakatumine
infidel	ebatäpne
infidelity	truudusetus
infield	kinnisvara
infiltrate	infiltreerima
infiltration	infiltratsioon
infinite	lõpmatu
infinitely	lõpmata
infinitesimal	infinitesimaalne
infinity	lõpmatus
infirm	ebapiisav
infirmary	väikehaigla
infirmity	nõrkus
inflammation	põletik
inflammatory	põletikuline
inflatable	täispuhutav
inflate	paisuma
inflated	pumbatud
inflation	inflatsioon
inflection	ülelugemine
inflict	tekitada
infliction	süüdi
inflorescence	õisik
influence	mõju
influential	mõjukas
influenza	gripp
influx	sissevool
info	info
infomercial	infomercial
inform	informeerima
informal	mitteametlik
informant	informant
information	teave
informative	informatiivne
informed	informeeritud
informer	informer
infraction	rikkumine
infrared	infrapuna
infrastructure	infrastruktuur
infrequent	harva
infrequently	harva
infringement	rikkumine
infuriate	pettuma
infuriated	pettunud
infuriates	pahandab
infuriating	petlik
infuse	infundeerima
infused	infundeeritud
infuser	infuser
infusion	infusioon
ingenious	geniaalne
ingenuity	leidlikkus
ingest	allaneelamine
ingestion	allaneelamine
ingot	valuplokk
ingrained	juurdunud
ingrate	ingrate
ingredient	koostisosa
ingress	sissepääs
inhabit	elab
inhabitant	elanik
inhabited	asustatud
inhabiting	elab
inhalation	sissehingamine
inhale	sisse hingata
inhaler	inhalaator
inherent	omane
inherit	pärida
inheritance	pärimine
inhibit	pärssida
inhibition	inhibeerimine
inhibitor	inhibiitor
inhospitable	ebasoovitav
inhuman	ebainimlik
inhumane	ebainimlik
inhumanity	ebainimlikkus
inimaginable	NO TRANSLATION
inimical	inimtekkeline
inimitable	jäljendamatu
iniquity	iniquity
initial	esialgne
initiate	algatama
initiated	algatatud
initiation	algatus
initiative	algatusel
inject	süstima
injection	süstimine
injunction	ettekirjutus
injure	vigastada
injured	vigastada
injuring	vigastada
injurious	kahjulik
injury	vigastus
injustice	ebaõiglus
ink	tint
inkling	inkling
inland	siseveekogudel
inlay	inlay
inlet	sisselaskeava
inmate	kinnipeetav
inn	kõrts
innards	sisejulgeolek
innate	sünnipärane
inner	sisemine
innermost	sisemine
innerpeace	NO TRANSLATION
inning	inning
innings	innings
innkeeper	võõrastemaja
innocence	süütus
innocent	süütu
innocently	süütult
innocuous	ohutu
innovate	uuendama
innovation	innovatsioon
innovative	innovatiivne
innuendo	innoendo
innumerable	lugematu
inoculation	inokuleerimine
inoperable	kasutuskõlbmatu
inoperative	mittetoimiv
inordinate	ülemäärane
inorganic	anorgaaniline
input	sisend
inquest	uurimine
inquire	küsi
inquirer	küsija
inquiring	küsib
inquiry	küsitlus
inquisitive	uudishimulik
inquisitor	inkvisitor
insane	hullumeelsus
insanity	hullumeelsus
insatiable	ebastabiilne
inscription	kiri
inscrutable	ebatäpne
insect	putukas
insecticide	insektitsiid
insecure	ebakindel
insecurity	ebakindlus
insemination	seemendamine
insensitive	mittetundlik
inseparable	lahutamatud
insert	sisesta
inserted	sisestatud
insertion	sisestamine
inside	sees
insider	isiklik
insidious	salajane
insight	ülevaade
insightful	insightful
insignia	sümboolika
insignificance	tähtsusetus
insignificant	ebaoluline
insinuate	insinuate
insipid	viskama
insist	nõuda
insistence	nõudmine
insistent	püsiv
insists	nõuab kindlalt
insolence	pettus
insolent	petlik
insoluble	lahustumatu
insolvency	maksejõuetus
insolvent	maksejõuetu
insomnia	unetus
insomniac	insomniak
inspect	kontrollige
inspection	kontrollimine
inspector	inspektor
inspiration	inspiratsiooni
inspirational	inspireeriv
inspire	inspireerima
inspired	inspireeritud
instability	ebastabiilsus
install	installida
installation	paigaldus
installment	osamakse
instance	Näiteks
instant	kohe
instantaneous	hetkeline
instantaneously	hetkeks
instigate	õhutavad
instigation	õhutamine
instill	instilli
instinct	instinkt
instinctive	instinktiivne
institute	instituut
institution	institutsioon
instruct	juhendama
instructed	juhendatud
instruction	juhendamine
instructional	juhendamine
instructions	juhised
instructive	õpetlik
instructor	õpetaja
instrument	instrument
instrumental	instrumentaalne
instrumentalist	instrumentalist
instrumentality	vahendus
insubordination	üleandmine
insufferable	ebatõenäoline
insufficiency	puudulikkus
insufficient	ebapiisav
insufficiently	ebapiisavalt
insular	isoleeritud
insulate	isoleerida
insulated	isoleeritud
insulation	isolatsioon
insulin	insuliin
insult	solvang
insulting	solvav
insurance	kindlustus
insure	kindlustage
insurgent	mässaja
insurmountable	ületamatu
insurrection	ülestõusus
intact	terved
intake	tarbimine
intangible	immateriaalne
integer	täisarv
integral	terviklik
integrate	integreerida
integration	integratsioon
integrity	terviklikkus
intellect	intellekt
intellectual	intellektuaalne
intelligence	intelligentsus
intelligent	intelligentne
intelligibility	arusaadavus
intelligible	arusaadav
intend	kavatsete
intended	ette nähtud
intending	kavatseb
intense	intensiivne
intensely	intensiivselt
intensify	intensiivistada
intensity	intensiivsus
intensive	intensiivne
intent	kavatsus
intention	kavatsus
intentional	tahtlik
intentionally	tahtlikult
inter	inter
interact	suhelda
interaction	suhtlemine
interactive	interaktiivne
intercede	sekkuda
intercept	pealtkuulamine
interception	pealtkuulamine
intercession	vahistamismäärus
interchange	vahetus
interchangeable	vahetatavad
interchanged	vahetatakse
intercom	intercom
intercourse	vahekord
interdependence	vastastikune sõltuvus
interdependent	vastastikune sõltuvus
interdiction	keelustamine
interest	huvi
interested	huvitatud
interesting	huvitav
interface	liides
interfere	häirida
interference	sekkumine
interferometer	interferomeeter
intergalactic	intergalactic
interim	ajutine
interior	interjöör
interject	interject
interlocutory	esialgne
interlude	vaheldus
intermediary	vahendaja
intermediate	vaheühend
interment	pühitsemine
interminable	lõputult
intermission	vaheaeg
intermittent	vahelduv
intern	intern
internal	sisemine
internally	sisemiselt
international	rahvusvaheline
internet	internet
internship	internatuuri
interoffice	interoffice
interpolate	interpoleerida
interpolation	interpoleerimine
interpret	tõlgendama
interpretation	tõlgendamine
interpreter	tõlk
interpretive	tõlgendav
interrelated	omavahel seotud
interrogate	küsitleda
interrogation	ülekuulamine
interrupt	vahele segama
interrupted	katkestatud
interrupting	katkestades
interruption	katkestus
interrupts	katkestab
intersect	ristuvad
intersection	ristmik
interstate	riikidevaheline
interstellar	interstellaarne
interstitial	interstitsiaalne
interval	intervall
intervene	vahele segama
intervening	sekkudes
intervention	sekkumine
interview	intervjuu
interviewer	küsitleja
interworking	koostoimimine
intestate	instestate
intestinal	soolestik
intestine	soolestik
intestines	soole
intimacy	intiimsus
intimate	intiimne
intimately	tihedalt
intimation	intimatsioon
intimidate	hirmutama
intimidated	hirmutatud
intimidating	hirmutav
intimidation	hirmutamine
intolerable	talumatu
intolerance	sallimatus
intolerant	sallimatu
intonation	intonatsioon
intoxicated	joobes
intoxicating	joovastav
intoxication	mürgistus
intracranial	intrakraniaalne
intractable	raskesti käsitsetav
intramural	sisekujundus
intravenous	intravenoosne
intrepid	intrepid
intricate	keerukas
intrigue	intriig
intriguing	intrigeeriv
intrinsic	olemuslik
intrinsically	olemuselt
intro	sissejuhatus
introduce	tutvustama
introduction	tutvustus
introductory	sissejuhatav
introspection	iseseisev
introspective	introspektiivne
intrude	sissetungima
intruder	sissetungija
intrusion	sissetungimine
intrusive	pealetükkiv
intubation	intubatsioon
intuition	intuitsioon
intuitive	intuitiivne
intuitively	intuitiivselt
inundation	üleujutus
invade	vallutama
invader	sissetungija
invalid	kehtetu
invalidate	Kehtetuks tunnistamine
invalidation	kehtetuks tunnistamine
invalidity	invaliidsus
invaluable	hindamatu
invariably	alati
invasion	sissetung
invasive	invasiivne
invent	leiutama
invention	leiutis
inventive	leidlik
inventor	leiutaja
inventory	inventar
inverse	pöördvõrdeline
inversely	vastupidi
inversion	inversioon
invert	inverteerida
inverted	ümberpööratud
invest	investeerima
investigate	uurima
investigation	uurimine
investigative	uuritav
investigator	uurija
investment	investeeringud
investor	investor
invidious	võluv
invigorate	elavdada
invincible	võitmatu
invisibility	nähtamatus
invisible	nähtamatu
invitation	kutse
invite	kutsuda
inviting	kutsudes
invocation	kutsumine
invoice	arve
invoke	kutsuma
involuntary	tahtmatu
involution	inkorporeerimine
involve	kaasama
involvement	osalemine
invulnerable	haavatav
inwards	sissepoole
iodine	jood
ion	ioon
iota	iota
irate	iraat
ire	NO TRANSLATION
iridescent	iirisev
iris	iiris
irked	roostetatud
irks	irks
iron	rauda
ironclad	rahulik
ironic	irooniline
irons	triikrauad
irony	iroonia
irradiation	kiiritusravi
irrational	irratsionaalne
irrationality	irratsionaalsus
irreconcilable	vastuoluline
irreducible	mittesisaldatav
irrefutable	ümberlükkamatu
irregular	ebaregulaarne
irregularity	eeskirjade eiramine
irregularly	ebaregulaarselt
irrelevant	ebaoluline
irreparable	korvamatu
irreplaceable	asendamatu
irrepressible	mässuline
irresistible	vastupandamatu
irrespective	sõltumata
irresponsible	vastutustundetu
irreverent	pöörane
irreversible	pöördumatu
irrevocable	tühistamatu
irrigate	niisutada
irrigation	niisutus
irritability	ärrituvus
irritable	ärrituv
irritate	ärritada
irritated	ärritunud
irritates	ärritab
irritating	ärritav
irritation	ärritus
island	saar
isle	isle
islet	saarel
isolate	isoleerida
isolated	isoleeritud
isolation	isoleerimine
isomorphism	isomorfism
isothermal	isotermiline
isotope	isotoop
issue	probleem
itch	sügelema
itching	sügelus
itchy	sügelemine
item	kirje
itemize	liigitama
items	esemed
iterate	järk-järgult
iteration	iteratsioon
iterative	iteratiivne
itinerant	rändur
itinerary	marsruut
ivory	elevandiluu
jab	Jab
jabber	Jabber
jack	pesa
jackal	šakaal
jackass	Jackass
jacket	jope
jackhammer	Jackhammer
jackpot	jackpot
jackrabbit	jackrabbit
jacks	tungrauad
jade	jade
jaded	jaded
jag	NO TRANSLATION
jagged	katki
jaguar	jaguar
jail	vanglas
jailbird	jailbird
jailbreak	jailbreak
jailer	vangistus
jailhouse	vangilaager
jalopy	jalopy
jam	moos
jamboree	jamboree
jammed	kinni jäänud
jammer	jammer
janitor	majahoidja
janitorial	majahoidja
japan	Jaapan
jar	jar
jargon	jargon
jarhead	jarhead
jarring	jarring
jasmine	jasmiin
jasper	jasper
jaundice	ikterus
jaunt	noort
java	java
javelin	lõuend
jaw	lõualuu
jawbone	lõualuu
jaws	lõualuu
jay	julge
jazz	jazz
jazzy	Jazzy
jealous	armukade jaoks
jealousy	armukadedus
jean	jean
jeans	teksad
jeep	jeep
jeering	jama
jelly	kapslites
jellybean	Jellybean
jellyfish	millimallikas
jenny	jenny
jeopardize	ohustada
jeopardy	oht
jerk	jerk
jerks	jerksid
jerky	jerk
jersey	jersey
jest	NO TRANSLATION
jester	jester
jesus	jesus
jet	jet
jetty	sadam
jewel	kalliskivi
jeweler	juveliir
jewelry	ehted
jib	rihm
jiff	NO TRANSLATION
jiffy	jiffy
jig	jig
jiggle	jiggle
jigsaw	mosaiik
jihad	džihaad
jimmy	jimmy
jingle	kõlama
jinx	jinx
jitters	jatters
jittery	närviline
jive	jive
job	töökoht
jobinterview	NO TRANSLATION
jock	joke
jockey	Jockey
jockstrap	jockstrap
jog	jooksma
jogger	jogger
john	john
join	liitu
joined	liitunud
joining	liitumine
joint	ühine
jointly	ühiselt
joke	nali
joker	jutustaja
joking	nalja
jolly	jully
jolt	rünnak
jornada	NO TRANSLATION
jot	Jot
jour	NO TRANSLATION
journal	ajakiri
journalism	ajakirjandus
journalist	ajakirjanik
journalistic	ajakirjanduslik
journey	teekond
journeyman	reisimees
joust	ratsutama
jovial	jovial
joy	rõõm
joyful	rõõmus
joyous	rõõmus
joyride	joyride
joys	rõõmud
jubilant	jubilantne
jubilee	jubilee
judge	kohtunik
judged	hinnati
judging	otsustades
judgment	kohtuotsus
judgmental	subjektiivne
judicial	kohtulik
judiciary	kohtusüsteem
judicious	mõistlik
judo	judo
jug	sink
juggle	juurdlema
juggler	juggler
juggling	juggling
jugular	jugular
juice	mahl
juicer	mahlapress
juicy	mahlane
juju	NO TRANSLATION
juke	juke
jukebox	jukebox
jumble	hüpata
jumbled	jumbled
jumbo	jumbo
jump	hüpata
jump rope	hüppenöör
jumper	hüppaja
jumpsuit	jumpsuit
jumpy	hüpata
junction	ristmik
juncture	kokkupõrge
jungle	džungel
junior	junior
juniper	kadakas
junk	rämps
junket	junket
junkie	junkie
junky	junky
junkyard	junkyard
junta	hunta
juridical	juriidiline
jurisdiction	jurisdiktsioon
jurisprudence	jurisprudence
jurist	jurist
juror	vandeadvokaat
jury	žürii
justice	õiglus
justifiable	õigustatud
justification	põhjendus
justify	õigustada
juststop	NO TRANSLATION
justthebeginning	NO TRANSLATION
jute	džuut
juvenile	noormees
juxtaposition	kokkupõrge
kaiser	kaiser
kale	kapsas
kaleidoscope	kaleidoskoop
kamikaze	Kamikaze
kangaroo	känguru
kanji	kanji
kappa	kappa
kaput	NO TRANSLATION
karaoke	karaoke
karate	karate
karma	karma
karmic	karmiline
kayak	süsta
kazoo	kazoo
kebab	kebab
keel	keel
keen	tahtsin
keep	pidage seda
keeper	pidaja
keeping	pidamine
keepsake	mälestus
keg	keg
kelp	pruunvetikas
ken	ken
kennel	kennel
kerchief	kerchief
kern	kern
kernel	kernel
kerosene	petrooleum
ketchup	ketšup
kettle	veekeetja
key	võti
keyboard	klaviatuur
keyed	sisestatud
keyhole	võtmehoidja
keynote	keynote
keypad	klahvistik
keystone	nurgakivi
keyword	märksõna
khaki	khaki
khan	khan
kibble	kibble
kick	kick
kickboxing	kickboxing
kicker	kicker
kicking	lööd
kickoff	avalööki tegema
kid	poiss
kidder	naljakas
kidding	nalja
kiddo	nalja
kiddos	kiddos
kidnap	röövima
kidnapped	rööviti
kidnapper	kidnapper
kidnapping	röövimine
kidney	neerud
kids	lapsed
kill	tappa
killer	tapja
killing	tapmine
killjoy	killjoy
kiln	ahju
kilo	NO TRANSLATION
kilogram	kilogramm
kilometer	kilomeeter
kilt	kilt
kimono	kimono
kin	sugulane
kind	laadi
kindergarten	lasteaed
kindling	keetmine
kindness	headus
kindred	sugulane
kinematics	kinemaatika
kinesiology	kinesioloogia
kinetic	kineetiline
king	kuningas
king snake	kuningas madu
kingdom	kuningriik
kingpin	süütama
kink	kink
kinky	kinky
kinship	sugulus
kiosk	kiosk
kirk	kirk
kiss	suudlus
kisser	suudleja
kissy	suudlus
kit	komplekt
kitchen	köök
kite	lohe
kitten	kassipoeg
kiwi	Kiwi
klutz	klutz
knack	teadmine
knapsack	seljakott
knead	sõtkuma
knee	põlve
kneecap	põlvekaha
kneel	põlvitama
kneeling	põlvitades
knell	kelluke
knick	kutt
knickers	püksikud
knife	nuga
knight	ratsu
knighthood	rüütelkond
knit	kududa
knob	nupp
knock	koputama
knockoff	knockoff
knockout	väljalangemine
knoll	knoll
knot	sõlme
knots	sõlmed
knotted	sõlmega
know	tean
knowing	teades
knowingly	teadlikult
knowledge	teadmised
knowledgeable	teadlik
knuckle	rätik
knucklehead	kuklakübar
knuckles	käpikud
koala	koala
kook	NO TRANSLATION
kooky	kooki
kool-aid	kool-abi
kos	kos
kosher	kosher
kraut	NO TRANSLATION
kris	kris
kryptonite	kryptonite
kudos	kudos
kumquat	kumquat
lab	lab
label	silt
labor	töö
laboratory	laboratoorium
labored	tötanud
laborer	töötaja
laboring	töötav
laborious	vaevaline
labyrinth	labürint
lac	lakk
lace	pits
laceration	lõhkamine
lack	puudus
lackey	lutipudel
lacking	puudus
lackluster	närviline
lacquer	lakk
lacrosse	lakroos
lactose	laktoos
lad	poiss
ladder	redel
laddie	laddie
laden	koormatud
lading	ladu
ladle	kopp
lady	daam
lady bug	NO TRANSLATION
ladybug	ladybug
ladylike	ladylike
ladyship	naine
lag	lag
lager	NO TRANSLATION
lagging	maha jäänud
lagoon	laguun
lair	lair
laity	laity
lake	järv
lama	NO TRANSLATION
lamb	lamb
lame	lame
lament	riitama
lamenting	lamenting
lamina	lamina
laminated	lamineeritud
lamp	lamp
lamppost	lambipost
lance	Lance
lancer	lancer
land	maa
landed	lossitud
landfall	rannikuala
landfill	prügila
landing	maandumine
landlady	majaomanik
landlocked	maastikukujuline
landlord	üürileandja
landmark	maamärk
lands	maandub
landscape	maastik
landscaping	haljastus
landslide	maalihe
lane	sõidurada
language	keel
languid	vilets
languish	tormama
languishing	nõrk
lanky	kallis
lantern	latern
lap	ring
lapdog	lapdog
lapel	lapel
lapse	aegumine
lapsed	kadunud
laptop	sülearvuti
larceny	larceny
lard	sibul
larder	vooder
large	suur
larger	suurem
largo	NO TRANSLATION
lark	Lark
larva	vasar
laryngitis	larüngiit
larynx	kõri
lasagna	lasanje
laser	laser
lash	lööve
lass	lass
lasso	lasso
lastday	NO TRANSLATION
lasting	püsiv
lastminute	viimase hetke
latch	riiv
late	hilja
lateness	hilinemine
latent	latentne
lateral	külgne
laterally	külgsuunas
latex	lateks
lathe	treipink
lather	maha
latitude	laiuskraad
latrine	söögikoht
latrines	latriinid
latte	latte
lattice	võre
laud	lau
laudable	kiiduväärt
laudation	kiitlemine
laudatory	kiiduväärt
laugh	naerma
laughable	naeruväärne
laughing	naerdes
laughingstock	NO TRANSLATION
laughs	naerab
laughter	naer
launch	käivitada
launcher	käivitaja
launches	käivitab
launder	pesemine
laundering	pesemine
laundry	pesu
laureate	laureaat
laurel	laurel
laurels	lauremid
lava	lava
lavage	lavaaž
lavatory	tualettruum
lavender	lavendel
lavish	rikkalik
law	seadus
lawful	seaduslik
lawless	seadusevastane
lawlessness	seadusetus
lawman	jurist
lawn	muru
lawnmower	muruniiduk
lawsuit	kohtuasi
lawyer	advokaat
lax	laks
laxative	lahtistav
lay	panema
layaway	laupäev
layer	kiht
layered	kihiline
layman	laamatud
layout	paigutus
layover	kleepimine
laziness	laiskus
lazy	laisk
lazyday	NO TRANSLATION
lea	lea
lead	juhtima
leaded	pliisisaldusega
leader	liider
leadership	juhtimine
leading	juhtiv
leads	juhib
leaf	lehed
leaflet	infoleht
leafy	lehestik
league	liigas
leak	lekima
leakage	lekkimine
leaky	lekkiv
lean	lahja
leaned	leaned
leaning	tuginedes
leap	hüpe
learn	õppida
learned	õppinud
learner	õppija
learning	õppimine
lease	üürileping
leash	jalutusrihma
leather	nahk
leathery	nahkjas
leave	lahkuma
leavemealone	Jäta mind rahule
leaving	lahkudes
lecherous	lecherous
lecture	loeng
lecturer	lektor
ledge	vöö
ledger	pealkiri
lee	lee
leech	leech
leeches	Piibud
leer	NO TRANSLATION
leery	leery
lees	NO TRANSLATION
leeway	tegevusruum
left	lahkus
leftout	NO TRANSLATION
leftover	jäänud
leftovers	ülejäägid
lefty	vasakpoolne
leg	jalg
legacy	pärand
legal	seaduslik
legality	seaduslikkus
legalize	legaliseerida
legalized	legaliseeritud
legally	seaduslikult
legend	legend
legendary	legendaarne
legibility	loetavus
legible	loetav
legion	leegion
legislate	seaduse järgi
legislation	seadusandlus
legislative	seadusandlik
legislator	seadusandja
legislature	seadusandlik kogu
legit	legit
legitimacy	legitiimsus
legitimate	õigustatud
lego	lego
legs	jalad
legume	liblikõielised
legwork	jalgpall
leisure	vaba aja veetmine
leisurely	rahulikult
lemma	lemma
lemon	sidrun
lemonade	Limonaad
lend	laenata
lender	laenuandja
lending	laenud
length	pikkus
lengthen	pikendama
lengthened	pikendatud
lengthening	pikendamine
lengthwise	pikisuunas
lengthy	pikk
leniency	leebus
lenient	leebe
lens	objektiiv
leopard	leopard
leotard	Leotard
leper	leppima
leprechaun	leprechaun
leprosy	leepra
lesbian	lesbi
lesbianism	lesbismus
lesion	kahjustus
less	vähem
lessee	liisinguvõtja
lessen	vähendama
lessening	vähenemine
lesser	väiksem
lesson	õppetund
lessor	rendileandja
let	lase
lethal	surmav
lethargic	müstiline
lethargy	letargia
letter	kirjaga
lettered	kirjaga
letterhead	kirjaplank
lettering	kiri
letters	kirjad
lettuce	salat
leukemia	leukeemia
levee	levee
level	tasemel
lever	hoob
leverage	finantsvõimendus
levitate	levitate
levy	tasu
lewd	pahane
lexicon	leksikon
ley	NO TRANSLATION
liabilities	kohustused
liability	vastutus
liable	vastutav
liaison	sidepidamine
liar	valetaja
libel	süü
libelous	solvav
liberal	liberaalne
liberalism	liberalism
liberate	vabastama
liberated	vabanenud
liberating	vabastades
liberation	vabastamine
liberty	vabadus
libido	libiido
librarian	raamatukoguhoidja
library	raamatukogu
libretto	libreto
lice	täid
license	litsents
lichen	samblikud
lick	lakkima
licorice	Lagrits
lid	kaas
lie	valeta
liege	liege
lien	kinnipidamisõigus
lieu	lieu
lieutenant	leitnant
life	elu
lifeblood	elujõud
lifeboat	päästepaat
lifeguard	päästetöötaja
lifeisgood	elu on hea
lifeless	elutu
lifelike	elutruu
lifeline	päästerõngas
lifelong	elukestev
lifer	lifer
lifesaver	elupäästja
lifestyle	elustiil
lifesucks	elu imeb
lifetime	eluaeg
lift	lift
lifted	tõstetud
liftoff	õhku tõusma
ligament	sideme
ligation	ligeerimine
ligature	ligatuur
light	valgus
light year	kerge aasta
lightbulb	lambipirn
lighten	kergendama
lightheaded	põgusad
lighthouse	tuletorn
lighting	valgustus
lightness	kergus
lightning	välk
lights	valgus
lightweight	kerge kaal
likable	meeldiv
like	meeldib
likelihood	tõenäosus
likely	tõenäoliselt
likeness	sarnasus
likewise	samamoodi
liking	meeldib
lilac	lilla
lily	liilia
limb	jäseme
limber	limber
limbo	lõpmatu
lime	lubi
limelight	rambivalgus
limestone	lubjakivi
limey	limey
limit	piirata
limitation	piirang
limited	piiratud
limitless	piiramatu
limo	limusiin
limousine	limusiin
limp	kummardama
lin	lin
line	rida
lineage	päritolu
lineal	lineaalne
linear	lineaarne
linebacker	linebacker
lined	vooderdatud
linen	linane
liner	vooderdis
lines	liinid
lineup	joonistus
linger	järele jääda
lingerie	pesu
lingering	igav
lingo	lingo
lingual	keeleline
linguini	linguini
linguist	keeleteadlane
linguistic	keeleline
linguistics	lingvistika
lining	vooder
link	link
linoleum	linoleum
lint	lint
lion	lõvi
lip	huule
liposuction	rasvaimu
lipstick	huulepulk
liquefaction	vedeldamine
liquefied	veeldatud
liqueur	liköör
liquid	vedelik
liquidate	likvideerima
liquidation	likvideerimine
liquidator	likvideerija
liquidity	likviidsus
liquor	likööri
lira	NO TRANSLATION
lisp	lisp
list	nimekiri
listen	kuulake
listener	kuulaja
listenting	NO TRANSLATION
listing	nimekiri
listless	loksutav
listneing	NO TRANSLATION
litany	litaniat
liter	liitri kohta
literacy	kirjaoskus
literal	sõnasõnaline
literally	sõna otseses mõttes
literary	kirjanduslik
literature	kirjandus
lithe	vilets
lithium	liitium
lithograph	litograafia
lithography	litograafia
lithology	litoloogia
lithosphere	litosfäär
litigant	vaidlusega
litigate	kohtuprotsess
litigation	kohtuvaidlus
litigator	kohtuprotsess
litigious	vaieldav
litter	pesakond
little	vähe
littlethings	väiksed asjad
littoral	rannikuala
liturgy	liturgia
live	elus
livelife	ela elu
livelihood	elatusvahendid
lively	elav
liven	elavdada
liver	maks
livery	lüüa
livestock	kariloomad
livid	livid
living	elamine
lizard	sisalik
llama	laama
lml	lml
load	koormus
loader	laadur
loaf	kuklid
loafer	loafer
loam	liivakarva
loan	laen
loath	tagasihoidlik
loathe	jälestama
loathful	vihane
loathing	vihkamine
loathsome	vihane
lobby	lobby
lobbyist	lobist
lobe	vähk
lobotomy	lobotoomia
lobster	homaari
local	kohalik
locale	locale
locality	paikkond
localization	lokaliseerimine
localize	lokaliseerima
localized	lokaliseeritud
locate	leidke
location	asukoht
locator	locator
loch	loch
lock	lukk
locker	kapp
locket	armukese
locksmith	lukksepp
lockup	lukustama
loco	loco
locomotion	vedu
locomotive	vedur
locust	jaanileiv
lode	NO TRANSLATION
lodge	esitama
lodger	üürnik
lodging	majutus
loft	pööning
lofty	ülbe
log	logi
logarithm	logaritm
logarithmic	logaritmiline
logic	loogika
logical	loogiline
logistics	logistika
logo	logo
logotype	logotype
loin	NO TRANSLATION
lollipop	lollipop
lone	üksi
loneliness	üksindus
lonely	üksildane
loner	üksinda
lonesome	üksildane
long	pikk
longboat	pikk laev
longevity	Pikaealisus
longing	igatsus
longitude	pikkuskraad
longitudinal	pikisuunas
longitudinally	pikisuunas
longtime	kaua aega
loo	loo
look	vaata
looker	looker
lookout	Vaata ette
loom	kudumismasin
looming	kutuv
loon	loon
loony	loony
loop	silmus
loophole	lünk
loopy	loopiline
loose	lahti
loosen	lahti
loosening	lahti
loot	rüüstata
lop	lop
lopsided	ühepoolne
lord	isand
lords	isandad
lordship	lordsus
lore	lore
lorry	veoauto
lose	kaotada
loser	kaotaja
losing	kaotada
loss	kaotus
lost	kadunud
lot	palju
lotion	kreem
lots	palju
lottery	loterii
lotto	loto
lotus	lotus
loud	valjusti
loudly	valjusti
loudmouth	Loudmouth
loudness	valjusus
loudspeaker	valjuhääldi
lounge	salong
lounging	lounging
louse	kutt
lousy	kővasti
lovable	armastav
love	armastus
loved	armastatud
lovee	armastus
loveee	loveee
loveless	armatuim
lovelife	NO TRANSLATION
loveliness	armasus
lovelovelove	NO TRANSLATION
lovely	armas
lovemaking	armastus
lovemylife	NO TRANSLATION
lover	armastaja
lovesick	armastaja
lovethis	armastan seda
loving	armastav
lovinglife	armastusluba
lovinlife	lovinlife
low	madal
lowdown	alamjooks
lower	madalam
lowering	langetamine
lowest	madalaim
lowlands	madalikud alad
lowlife	madala eluga
lowly	madalalt
lox	lox
loyal	lojaalne
loyalty	lojaalsus
lsd	lsd
luau	luau
lube	lube
lubricant	määrdeaine
lubricate	määrima
lubrication	määrimine
lucid	selge
luck	õnne
luckiest	õnnelikum
lucky	õnnelik
luckygirl	õnnelik tüdruk
lucrative	tulus
ludicrous	naeruväärne
lug	lug
luggage	pagas
lukewarm	leige
lull	kummitama
lullaby	Lullaby
lumbar	nimmepiirkond
lumber	saematerjal
lumbering	lumbering
lumberjack	lumberjack
luminescent	luminestsents
luminous	helendav
lump	ühekordne
lumpy	kummitav
lunacy	lõpmatus
lunar	Kuu
lunatic	hullumeelne
lunch	lõunasöök
lunchbox	lõunakarp
luncheon	lõunasöök
lunchtime	Lõuna aeg
lung	kopsu
lunge	lunge
lungs	kopsud
lurch	murdes
lure	ahvatleb
lurid	lurid
lurk	lukustama
lurking	varitsev
luscious	lõhnakas
lush	lopsakas
lust	lust
luster	läige
lustful	lõbus
lustrous	läikiv
lusty	kummitav
lute	lutt
luxuriant	luksuslik
luxurious	luksuslik
luxury	luksus
lycra	lycra
lye	leelis
lying	valetades
lymph	lümf
lymphatic	lümfisõltuv
lymphoma	lümfoom
lynch	lünn
lynching	lynching
lynx	ilves
lyre	lyre
lyric	lüüriline
lyrical	lüüriline
lyrics	lyrics
macadamia	makadamia
macarena	makarena
macaroni	makaronid
mace	mace
mach	masha
machete	machete
machine	masin
machinery	masinad
machinist	masinaehitaja
macho	macho
mackerel	makrell
macro	makro
mad	hulluks
madam	proua
madame	proua, härra
madden	madden
madder	madalik
mademoiselle	NO TRANSLATION
mademyday	mademeday
madhouse	hullumees
madman	hullumees
madness	hullumeelsus
maestro	maestro
mafia	maffia
magazine	ajakiri
mage	magus
magenta	magenta
maggot	Marmoto
magic	maagia
magical	maagiline
magician	maagia
magistrate	magistraat
magma	magma
magna	Magna
magnate	magnatas
magnesium	magneesium
magnet	magnet
magnetic	magnetiline
magnetism	magnetism
magnetite	magnetiit
magnification	suurendus
magnificence	suurepärasus
magnificent	suurepärane
magnifier	suurendusklaas
magnify	suurendama
magnifying	suurendus
magnitude	suurusjärk
magnolia	magnoolia
magpie	magpie
mahi mahi	NO TRANSLATION
mahjong	mahjong
mahogany	mahagon
maid	neiu
maiden	naine
mail	posti teel
mailbox	postkast
mailing	posti teel
mailman	mailman
maim	NO TRANSLATION
main	peamine
mainframe	suurarvuti
mainland	mandriosa
mainstay	alustala
mainstream	peavoolu
maintain	säilitada
maintenance	hooldus
majestic	majesteetlik
majesty	majesteetlikkus
major	suur
majority	enamus
make	tegema
makeover	makeover
maker	tegija
makeshift	ajutine
makesmehappy	NO TRANSLATION
makesmemad	NO TRANSLATION
makeup	meik
makingdisciples	NO TRANSLATION
malady	haigus
malaise	halb enesetunne
malaria	malaaria
malarkey	malarkey
male	meessoost
malevolent	pahatahtlik
malfeasance	väärkohtlemine
malformation	väärareng
malfunction	rike
malice	NO TRANSLATION
malicious	pahatahtlik
malign	halign
malignancy	pahaloomulisus
malignant	pahaloomuline
maligned	pahane
mall	kaubanduskeskus
malleable	malleeruv
mallet	mallet
malnutrition	alatoitumine
malpractice	rikkumine
malt	linnane
mama	mama
mambo	mambo
mamma	NO TRANSLATION
mammal	imetaja
mammoth	mammut
mammy	emme
man	mees
manage	hallata
manageable	juhitav
management	juhtimine
manager	juht
managerial	juhtkond
mandamus	mandamus
mandarin	mandariin
mandate	mandaat
mandatory	kohustuslik
mandible	mandiin
mandolin	mandolin
mandrel	tünn
mane	NO TRANSLATION
maneuver	manööver
maneuvering	manööverdamine
mange	NO TRANSLATION
manger	sõjamängija
mangle	müts
mango	mango
mangosteen	mangustanipuu
mangy	mangy
manhole	lukk
manhood	mehelikkus
manhunt	Manhunt
mania	maania
maniac	maniakk
maniacal	maniakaalne
manic	maania
manicure	maniküür
manicurist	maalikunstnik
manifest	manifest
manifestation	manifestatsioon
manifested	avaldub
manifestly	ilmselgelt
manifesto	manifest
manifold	kollektor
manipulate	manipuleerima
manipulation	manipuleerimine
manipulative	manipuleeriv
mankind	inimkond
manly	mehelikult
manna	manna
manned	mehitatud
mannequin	mannekeen
manner	viis
mannered	maitsestatud
manners	kombed
manor	mõis
manpower	tööjõudu
mansion	mõis
mansions	mõisad
manslaughter	tapmine
mantel	mantel
mantis	mantis
mantle	mantel
mantra	mantra
manual	käsiraamat
manufacture	tootmine
manufacturer	tootja
manufacturing	tootmine
manure	sõnnik
manuscript	käsikiri
map	kaart
maple	vaher
mar	mar
marathon	maraton
marble	marmor
marbled	marmor
marbles	marmor
march	marss
mare	NO TRANSLATION
margarine	margariin
margarita	Margarita
margin	marginaal
marginal	marginaalne
mariachi	mariachi
marijuana	marihuaanat
marinara	marinara
marine	merel
mariner	mariner
marital	abielu
maritime	merendus
mark	kaubamärk
marked	märgitud
marker	marker
market	turg
marketable	kaubeldav
marketing	turundus
marketplace	turg
marks	kaubamärgid
marksman	laskur
marksmanship	laskmine
marl	marl
marmalade	marmelaad
maroon	maroon
marooned	marooned
marquee	marquee
marquis	marquis
marred	häiritud
marriage	abielu
married	abielus
marrow	luuüdi
marry	abielluda
marsh	soo
marshal	marssal
marshmallow	vahukomm
mart	mart
martial	võitluskunstidega
martingale	martingale
martini	Martini
martyr	martyr
martyrdom	martyrdom
marvel	imetlen
marvellous	imeilus
marvelous	imeilus
marvelously	imeliselt
marzipan	NO TRANSLATION
mascara	ripsmetušš
mascot	maskott
masculine	mehelik
masculinity	mehelikkus
mash	puder
mashed	purustatud
mask	mask
masked	maskeeritud
masks	maskid
masochism	masochism
masochist	masohhist
mason	mason
masquerade	masquerade
mass	mass
massacre	veresaun
massage	massaaž
masses	massid
masseur	masseerija
masseuse	massöör
massive	massiivne
mast	masti
master	kapten
masterful	meisterlik
mastermind	meister
masterpiece	meistriteos
mastery	meisterlikkus
masturbate	masturbeerima
masturbation	masturbatsioon
mat	matt
matador	matador
match	sobi
matchbook	matchbook
matching	sobitamine
matchmaker	leppija
mate	abikaasa
material	materjali
materialism	materialism
materialist	materialistlik
materialistic	materialistlik
materiality	olulisus
materialize	realiseeruma
materially	materiaalselt
materials	materjalid
materiel	materjalid
maternal	ema
maternity	emadus
math	matemaatika
mathematical	matemaatiline
mathematician	matemaatik
mathematics	matemaatika
matinee	Matinee
mating	paaritamine
matriculation	immatrikuleerimine
matrimony	abielu
matrix	maatriks
matron	matron
matted	matt
matter	asi
matting	matting
mattress	madrats
maturation	küpsemine
mature	küps
maturity	tähtaeg
maudlin	maudlin
mausoleum	mausoleum
mauve	lillakas
maverick	maverick
maxim	maksimaalne
maximize	maksimeerida
maximum	maksimaalne
may	võib
mayday	võib-olla
mayflower	mayflower
mayhem	kaos
mayonnaise	majoneesi
mayor	linnapea
maze	labürindis
mead	mead
meadow	heinamaa
meager	napp
meal	sööki
mean	tähenda
meander	meander
meandering	meandering
meanie	tähendusõna
meaning	tähendus
meaningful	mõttekas
meaningless	mõttetu
meanness	meanness
means	tähendab
meantime	Vahepeal
measles	leetrid
measurable	mõõdetav
measure	mõõta
measured	mõõdetud
measurement	mõõtmine
measuring	mõõtmine
measuring cup	mõõtekork
measuring tape	mõõdulint
meat	liha
meatball	lihapall
meathead	lihahi
meatloaf	lihakook
mechanic	mehaanik
mechanical	mehaaniline
mechanics	mehaanika
mechanism	mehhanism
med	NO TRANSLATION
medal	medal
medallion	medaljon
medallist	medalimüüja
meddle	segage
meddling	sekkudes
media	meedias
medial	mediaal
median	mediaan
mediate	vahendab
mediation	vahendus
mediator	vahendaja
medic	medik
medical	meditsiiniline
medicate	ravimeid
medication	ravimeid
medicinal	meditsiiniline
medicine	meditsiin
medieval	keskaegne
mediocre	keskpärane
mediocrity	keskpärasus
meditate	mediteerima
meditating	mediteerides
meditation	meditatsioon
meditative	meditatiivne
mediterranean	Vahemere piirkonnas
medium	keskmine
medley	maitsema
meek	kavalus
meet	kohtuma
meeting	kohtumine
mega	mega
meh	meh
melancholic	melanhoolne
melancholy	melanhoolia
melee	Nujakka
mellow	kerge
melodious	meloodiline
melodrama	melodrama
melodramatic	melodramaatiline
melody	meloodia
melon	melon
melt	sulama
meltdown	meltdown
melting	sulamine
member	liige
membership	liikmelisus
membrane	membraan
memento	mälestusmärk
memo	memo
memoir	memuaari
memorabilia	mälestusesemed
memorable	meeldejääv
memorandum	memorandum
memorial	mälestusmärk
memorials	mälestusmärke
memories	mälestused
memoriesiwontforget	NO TRANSLATION
memorize	meelde
memory	mälu
menace	ähvardus
menacing	ähvardav
menagerie	orkester
mend	parandama
mending	parandamine
menial	mees
meningitis	meningiit
meniscus	menisk
menopause	menopaus
menses	mõõdukalt
menstrual	menstruatsioon
mental	vaimne
mentalhealth	NO TRANSLATION
mentality	mentaliteet
menthol	mentool
mention	mainima
mentor	juhendaja
menu	menüü
meow	Mjäu
mercantile	merkantiil
mercenary	palgasõdur
merchandise	kaubad
merchant	kaupmees
merciful	armuline
merciless	halastamatu
mercurial	elavhõbe
mercury	elavhõbe
mercy	halastust
mere	lihtsalt
merengue	Merengue
merge	ühendama
merger	ühinemine
meridian	meridiaan
meridional	meridiaalne
meringue	tühi
merit	teenimine
meritorious	teenekas
mermaid	merineitsi
merriment	lõbutsemine
merry	rõõmsameelne
merrychristmas	NO TRANSLATION
mesa	mesa
mescaline	mescaline
mesh	võrk
meshes	võrgusilma
mesmerized	mesmeriseerunud
mess	jama
message	sõnum
messedup	NO TRANSLATION
messenger	messenger
messiah	Messia
messy	räpane
metabolic	ainevahetus
metabolism	ainevahetus
metal	metallist
metallic	metalliline
metallurgy	metallurgia
metamorphosis	metamorfoos
metaphor	metafoor
metaphorical	metafooriline
metaphysical	metafüüsiline
metaphysics	metafüüsika
metastasis	metastaasid
meteor	meteoor
meteoric	meteoriline
meteorite	meteoriit
meteorological	meteoroloogiline
meteorology	meteoroloogia
meter	meeter
meth	met
methadone	metadoon
methane	metaan
methanol	metanool
method	meetod
methodical	metoodiline
methodology	metoodika
meticulous	täpselt
metime	metime
metric	meetriline
metrical	metriline
metrology	metroloogia
metropolis	metropoli
metropolitan	suurlinna
mettle	mettle
mew	mew
mezzanine	mezzanine
mica	vilgukivi
mick	miks
micro	mikro
microbe	mikroob
microbiology	mikrobioloogia
microchip	mikrokiip
microcosm	mikrokosm
microfilm	mikrofilm
microgram	mikrogramm
micrometer	mikromeeter
micron	mikroni
microphone	mikrofon
microscope	mikroskoop
microscopic	mikroskoopiline
microscopically	mikroskoopiliselt
microscopy	mikroskoopia
microwave	mikrolaine
mid	keskel
midair	mööda
midday	keskpäev
middle	keskel
middleman	vahendaja
middleweight	keskkaal
midget	keskmiselt
midland	midland
midlife	keskaeg
midline	keskjoonel
midnight	kesköö
midshipman	midshipman
midst	keskel
midsummer	jaanipäev
midterm	vaheaeg
midtown	midtown
midway	keskel
midwife	ämmaemand
midwifery	ämmaemand
mien	NO TRANSLATION
miffed	miffed
mighty	vägev
mignon	Mignon
migraine	migreen
migrate	rändama
migration	ränne
migratory	rändav
mike	mike
mil	NO TRANSLATION
mild	kerge
mildew	hallitus
mildness	pehmus
mile	miil
mileage	läbisõit
milestone	verstapost
militant	sõjaväelane
militants	sõdurid
military	sõjavägi
militia	miilitsa
milk	piim
milkman	piimaja
milkshake	piimakokk
milky	piimjas
mill	mill
millennium	aastatuhandel
milligram	milligramm
millimeter	millimeeter
million	miljonit eurot
millionaire	miljonär
millionth	miljonist
millstone	veskikivi
mime	mime
mimic	jäljendama
mimicking	jäljendamine
mimicry	mimikry
mince	mince
mincemeat	hakkliha
mind	meeles
minded	mõttetu
mindful	tähelepanelik
mindfulness	tähelepanelikkus
mindless	mõttetu
mine	mine
minefield	miiniväli
miner	mineraator
mineral	mineraal
mineralogy	mineraloogia
mingle	segunema
mingled	segatud
mini	mini
miniature	miniatuurne
minibus	väikebuss
minim	NO TRANSLATION
minimal	minimaalne
minimize	minimeerida
minimized	minimeeritud
minimum	minimaalne
mining	kaevandamine
minion	minion
minister	minister
ministerial	ministeerium
ministry	ministeerium
minivan	minivan
mink	naaritsa
minnow	minnow
minor	alaealine
minority	vähemus
minstrel	minstrel
mint	piparmünt
minty	minty
minuscule	miinus
minute	minut
minutiae	minutiae
minx	minx
mir	NO TRANSLATION
miracle	ime
miracles	imed
miraculous	imeline
mirage	miraaž
mire	NO TRANSLATION
mirror	peegel
mirth	armastus
misappropriation	väärkasutus
misbehave	valesti käituda
misbehavior	väärarusaam
miscalculation	valearvestus
miscarriage	raseduse katkemine
miscellaneous	mitmesugused
miscellany	mitmekesine
mischief	Koerus
mischievous	vilets
misconception	eksiarvamus
misconduct	üleastumine
misdemeanor	väärteomenetlus
misdirection	valesirežiim
miser	kurat
miserable	õnnetu
miserably	õnnetu
misery	viletsus
misfire	ebaõnnestumine
misfit	sobimatu
misfortune	ebaõnne
misguided	NO TRANSLATION
mishap	õnnetus
misinformed	valesti informeeritud
misinterpretation	valesti tõlgendamine
mislead	eksitama
misleading	eksitav
misled	eksitatud
mismanagement	halva juhtimisega
mismatch	kokkusobimatu
mismatched	mittevastav
misnomer	ebaõiglaselt
misplace	asemel
misplaced	asjatu
misread	valesti lugeda
misrepresent	valesti esitamine
misrepresentation	valeandmete esitamine
misrepresented	valesti esitatud
miss	igatsema
missile	raketid
missiles	raketid
missing	puudu
missingyou	NO TRANSLATION
mission	missioon
missionary	misjonär
misspell	kirjavahetus
misstatement	väärarusaam
missy	missy
mist	udu
mistake	viga
mistaken	eksik
mister	härra
mistletoe	õlakad
mistreated	kuritarvitatud
mistress	armuke
mistrial	mistrial
mistrust	usaldamatus
misty	udune
misunderstand	valesti mõistma
misunderstanding	arusaamatused
misunderstood	valesti aru saanud
misuse	väärkasutus
mite	lest
miter	miter
mitigate	leevendada
mitigating	leevendamine
mitigation	leevendamine
mitt	Mitt
mitten	NO TRANSLATION
mitzvah	mitzvah
mix	segage
mixed	segatud
mixedemotions	segased tunded
mixer	segisti
mixture	segu
mnemonic	mnemooniline
moan	moan
moat	mööda
mob	mob
mobile	mobiilne
mobility	liikuvus
mobilization	mobilisatsioon
mobilize	mobiliseerima
mobster	mobster
mocha	mocha
mock	kuradima
mocked	pilkatud
mockery	mõnitamine
mocking	pilkamine
mockingbird	mõnitama linnu
mod	mod
modal	modaalne
modality	viis
mode	režiim
model	mudel
modeler	modeler
modeling	modelleerimine
modem	modem
moderate	mõõdukas
moderate anticipation	mõõdukas ootus
moderate disgust	mõõdukas hullus
moderate negative	mõõdukas negatiivne
moderate positive	mõõdukas positiivne
moderate surprise	mõõdukas üllatus
moderate trust	mõõdukas usaldus
moderately	mõõdukalt
moderating	modereerides
moderation	mõõdukus
moderator	moderaator
modern	kaasaegne
modernism	modernism
modest	tagasihoidlik
modesty	tagasihoidlikkus
modicum	modicum
modifiable	muudetav
modification	muudatus
modified	muudetud
modify	muutma
modulate	moduleerima
modulation	modulatsioon
module	moodul
modulus	moodul
mogul	mogul
moiety	osake
moist	niiske
moisture	niiskus
moisturizer	niisutaja
molar	molaarne
molasses	melass
mold	hallitust
molded	vormitud
molding	vormimine
moldy	hallikas
mole	sünnimärk
molecular	molekulaarne
molecule	molekul
molest	kiusama
molestation	kiusatus
molester	molester
molten	sulanud
mom	ema
moment	hetk
momentary	hetkeks
momentous	oluline
momentum	hoogu
momma	emme
mommy	emme
monad	monaad
monarch	monarh
monarchy	monarhia
monastery	klooster
monastic	kloostri
monetary	rahaline
money	raha
mongoloid	mongoloid
mongoose	mongoose
mongrel	mongrel
monitor	ekraan
monk	munk
monkey	ahv
mono	NO TRANSLATION
monochrome	ühevärviline
monogamous	monogamous
monogamy	monogamy
monogram	monogramm
monogrammed	monogrammi
monograph	monograafia
monolayer	monokiht
monolith	monoliitne
monologue	monoloog
monopolist	monopolist
monopoly	monopol
monotonous	monotoonne
monotony	monotoonsus
monoxide	monoksiid
monsieur	monsieur
monsoon	mussoon
monster	koletis
monstrosity	koletisus
monstrous	koletav
montage	montaaž
monte	monte
month	kuus
monthly	igakuine
monument	monument
monumental	monumentaalne
moo	moo
mooch	mooch
mood	meeleolu
moods	meeleolu
moody	meeletu
moon	kuu
moonbeam	moonbeam
moonlight	kuuvalgus
moonlit	moonlit
moonshine	kuhhine
moonstruck	moonstruck
moonwalk	moonwalk
moor	Moor
moored	sildunud
mooring	sildamine
moorings	sildumiskohad
moorland	Moorland
moose	libu
moot	õiglane
mooted	mooted
mop	mop
mope	mope
moped	mopeed
moral	moraalne
morale	moraal
morality	moraal
morals	moraalid
morass	moorus
moratorium	moratoorium
moray	moray
morbid	haigetu
morbidity	haigestumus
morbidness	haigus
mores	rõõmu
morgue	morgi
moribund	sureb
morn	hommikul
morning	hommikul
moron	debiilik
moronic	kummaline
morose	moraalne
morph	morfi
morphine	morfiin
morphism	morfism
morphology	morfoloogia
morrow	homme
morsel	korsett
mortal	surelik
mortality	suremus
mortar	mört
mortgage	hüpoteek
mortgagee	hüpoteegipidaja
mortgagor	hüpoteegipidaja
mortician	mortician
mortification	kärbimine
mortified	karistatud
mortuary	mortuary
mosaic	mosaiik
mosey	mosey
mosque	mošee
mosquito	sääsk
moss	sammal
mossy	sambla
mote	NO TRANSLATION
motel	motell
moth	Koer
mother	ema
motherfucker	tüdruk
motherfucking	imetamine
motherhood	emadus
motherland	kodumaa
motherless	emaljas
motherly	emakeelena
motif	motiiv
motion	liikumine
motionless	liikumatult
motivate	motiveerima
motivating	motiveeriv
motivation	motivatsioon
motivational	motiveeriv
motive	motiiv
motley	kummaline
motor	mootor
motorbike	mootorratas
motorboat	mootorpaat
motorcade	kerekaart
motorcar	auto
motorcycle	mootorratas
motorist	autojuht
motte	motte
mottled	laiguline
motto	moto
mould	hallitust
mound	haud
mount	tõsta
mountain	mägi
mountaineer	mägironija
mountainous	mägine
mountains	mäed
mountaintop	mäetipp
mourn	leinake
mournful	leinav
mourning	lein
mouse	hiir
mousetrap	hiired
mousse	musse
moustache	vuntsid
mousy	mustas
mouth	suu
mouthful	kummardus
mouthpiece	suuosa
mouthwash	suuvee
movable	teisaldatav
move	liikuma
movement	liikumine
mover	mover
movie	Film
movies	filme
moving	liikudes
movingforward	NO TRANSLATION
movingon	liikumine
mow	niita
mower	niiduk
moxie	moxie
mozzarella	mozzarella
mri	mri
muchneeded	NO TRANSLATION
mucis	NO TRANSLATION
muck	muck
mucked	murtud
mucous	limaskesta
mucus	lima
mud	muda
muddle	segadust
muddled	segaduses
muddy	porine
muff	muff
muffin	muffin
muffled	summutatud
muffler	summuti
mug	kruus
mugger	röövija
mulberry	mooruspuu
mulch	multš
mule	mule
mull	mullima
mullet	mullet
multilateral	mitmepoolsed
multimedia	multimeedia
multinational	rahvusvaheline
multiple	mitu
multiple sclerosis	hulgiskleroos
multiplex	multipleks
multiplication	korrutamine
multiplicity	mitmekordsus
multiplied	korrutatud
multiplier	kordaja
multiply	korrutada
multitude	hulgaliselt
mum	ema
mumble	müristama
mumbo	mumbo
mummy	muumia
mumps	mumps
munch	munch
munchies	munchies
munchkin	munchkin
mundane	maine
municipal	omavalitsusüksus
municipality	omavalitsus
mural	mural
murder	mõrv
murderer	mõrvar
murderess	mõrvar
murderous	mõrvarlik
murky	tumm
murmur	murmur
muscle	lihased
muscular	lihaseline
muse	muse
muses	musi
museum	muuseum
mush	NO TRANSLATION
mushroom	seene
mushy	kummitav
music	muusika
musical	muusikaline
musician	muusik
musing	musing
musk	muskus
musket	musket
musketeer	Musketeer
muskrat	muskrat
muslin	musliin
muss	NO TRANSLATION
must	peab
mustang	mustang
mustard	sinep
muster	kogumaht
musty	mustad
mutable	muteeritav
mutant	mutant
mutate	muteeruda
mutation	mutatsioon
mute	vaigistama
muted	vaigistatud
mutilate	moonutada
mutilated	moonutatud
mutilation	moonutamine
mutiny	mäss
mutt	mutt
mutter	NO TRANSLATION
mutton	lambaliha
mutual	vastastikune
mutually	vastastikku
muzzle	koon
myfavorite	minu lemmik
myopia	lühinägelikkus
myopic	müopiline
myriad	mitu korda
mysterious	salapärane
mystery	müsteerium
mystic	müstik
mystical	müstiline
mysticism	müstik
mystified	müstitsineeritud
mystique	müstik
myth	müüt
mythic	müütiline
mythical	müütiline
mythological	mütoloogiline
mythology	mütoloogia
nab	nab
nacho	Nacho
nada	NO TRANSLATION
nadir	madalaim
nag	NO TRANSLATION
nail	küünte
nail gun	naelapüss
naive	naiivne
naked	alasti
nakedness	alasti
namaste	NO TRANSLATION
name	nimi
named	nimega
nameless	nimeta
namesake	nimmehoidja
naming	nimetades
nana	nana
nanny	lapsehoidja
nanometer	nanomeetrit
nap	nap
napalm	napalm
nape	nape
napkin	salvrätik
napping	napping
nappy	mähkmetest
narcissism	nartsism
narcissist	nartsissist
narcissistic	nartsissistlik
narcotic	narkootiline
narrate	jutustage
narration	jutustus
narrative	narratiiv
narrator	jutustaja
narrow	kitsas
narrowing	kitsenev
nasal	nina
nascent	tekib
nasty	vastik
natal	sünnitusjärgne
nation	rahvas
national	rahvuslik
nationality	rahvus
nationwide	üleriigiline
native	emakeelena
nativity	ülimuslikkus
natural	loomulik
natural gas	maagaas
naturalist	loodusteadlane
naturalization	naturalisatsioon
naturalized	naturaliseeritud
naturally	loomulikult
nature	loodus
naught	null
naughty	naughty
nausea	iiveldus
nauseate	iiveldus
nauseating	iiveldus
nauseous	iiveldus
nautical	meretransport
nautilus	nautilus
naval	merevägi
nave	nave
navel	naba
navigable	laevatatav
navigate	navigeerida
navigation	navigeerimine
navigational	navigatsiooniline
navigator	navigaator
navy	merevägi
nay	NO TRANSLATION
nearsighted	lühinägelik
neat	puhas
neatly	korralikult
nebula	tupus
nebulae	nebulae
nebulous	tupus
necessarily	tingimata
necessary	vajalik
necessitate	vajalik
necessities	vajadused
necessity	vajadus
neck	kaela
necklace	kaelakee
necktie	lips
necromancer	necromancer
necrosis	nekroos
nectar	nektar
need	vajadus
needalife	NO TRANSLATION
needed	vajalik
needful	vajalik
needit	NO TRANSLATION
needle	nõel
needlepoint	nõelapunkt
needles	nõelad
needless	tarbetu
needtoknow	vajab aega
needtorelax	NO TRANSLATION
needy	vaeseid
nefarious	naljakas
negation	eitamine
negative	negatiivne
negativity	negatiivsus
neglect	hooletussejätmine
neglected	tähelepanuta jäetud
neglecting	hooletussejätmine
negligee	negligee
negligence	hooletus
negligent	hooletu
negligently	NO TRANSLATION
negligible	ebaoluline
negotiable	kaubeldav
negotiate	pidama läbirääkimisi
negotiation	läbirääkimised
negotiator	läbirääkija
negro	negro
neigh	naa
neighbor	naaber
neighborhood	naabruskond
neighboring	naabruses
nemesis	Nemesis
neon	neoon
neonatal	vastsündinu
neophyte	neofüütne
neoprene	neopreen
nephew	vennapoeg
nepotism	nepotism
nerd	nohik
nerdy	nerdy
nerve	närvi
nerves	närvid
nervous	närvis
nervousness	närvilisus
nervouswreck	NO TRANSLATION
nervy	NO TRANSLATION
ness	ness
nest	pesa
nestle	nestle
nestling	pesitsemine
net	net
nether	veelgi
netting	tasaarveldus
nettle	nõges
network	võrk
networking	võrgustike loomine
neural	närvi
neuralgia	neuralgia
neurological	neuroloogiline
neurologist	neuroloog
neurology	neuroloogia
neurosis	neuroos
neurosurgeon	neurokirurg
neurosurgery	neurokirurgia
neurotic	neurootiline
neuter	neuter
neutral	neutraalne
neutrality	neutraalsus
neutralize	neutraliseerida
neutron	neutron
new	uus
new age	Uue ajastu
newbeginnings	NO TRANSLATION
newborn	vastsündinud
newcomer	uustulnuk
newday	uus päev
newfound	uustulnuk
newjob	NO TRANSLATION
newlife	uus elu
newly	äsja
newlywed	uustulnukatega
newme	uusmees
newness	uudsus
news	uudised
newscast	uudistekanal
newscaster	uudiskiri
newsflash	uudisväljaanne
newsletter	uudiskiri
newsman	uudistekoguja
newspaper	ajaleht
newspaperman	newspaperman
newsreel	kinokraam
newsroom	uudisteruum
newsstand	kiosk
newstart	uus algus
newt	Newt
newyear	NO TRANSLATION
nexus	nexus
nib	nib
nibble	nibble
nice	kena
niche	nišš
nichts	NO TRANSLATION
nick	hüüdnimi
nickel	nikkel
nickname	hüüdnimi
nicotine	nikotiin
niece	vennatütar
nifty	hiilgav
nigger	nigger
nigh	lähedal
night	öösel
nightcap	öökapp
nightclub	ööklubi
nightfall	öösel
nightgown	öösärk
nightie	nightie
nightingale	sődalane
nightlife	ööelu
nightly	öösel
nightmare	õudusunenägu
nightmares	luupainajad
nightstand	öötang
nightstick	nightstick
nighttime	öösel
nihilism	nihilism
nil	null
nimble	vaimukas
nimrod	Nimrod
nincompoop	nincompoop
nine	üheksa
nineteen	üheksateistkümnes
ninety	üheksakümmend
ninja	ninja
ninny	Ninny
nintendo	nintendo
ninth	üheksas
nip	nip
nipper	nipper
nipple	nippel
nippy	nippy
nitrate	nitraat
nitro	nitro
nitrogen	lämmastik
nitrous	lämmastik
nitwit	nitwit
nix	niks
no anticipation	mingit ootust
no disgust	pole mingit hullust
no emotion	pole emotsioone
no sentiment	ei tunne
no surprise	pole üllatust
no trust	ei usalda
nobility	aadel
noble	üllas
nobleman	aadlane
nobodycares	NO TRANSLATION
nocomplaints	NO TRANSLATION
nocturnal	öösel
nod	nod
nodding	viskamine
node	sõlm
nodular	nodulaarne
nodule	nodule
noggin	nappima
nohope	NO TRANSLATION
noir	noir
noise	müra
noisy	mürarikas
nomad	nomad
nomadic	teisaldatav
nomenclature	nomenklatuur
nominal	nominaalne
nominate	nimetama
nomination	ametisse nimetamine
nominee	kandidaat
nonce	nonce
nonchalant	mittesõbralik
noncompliance	mittevastavus
nondescript	mittescript
nonexistent	olematu
nonfat	mittefat
nonfiction	mittefiction
nonpayment	mittemaksmine
nonresident	mitteresident
nonsense	jama
nonsensical	mõttetu
nonviolent	vägivallatu
noob	algaja
noodle	nuudel
nook	nook
noon	keskpäeval
noose	silmus
nopoint	NO TRANSLATION
noregrets	NO TRANSLATION
norm	norm
normal	normaalne
normalcy	normaalne
normality	normaalsus
north	põhja
northbound	northbound
northeast	kirdes
northern	põhjas
northwest	Loe
northwestern	loodeosas
noschool	NO TRANSLATION
nose	nina
nosebleed	ninaverejooks
nosey	naljakas
nosnow	nosnow
nostalgia	nostalgia
nostalgic	nostalgiline
nostress	NO TRANSLATION
nostril	ninasõõrmust
nosun	NO TRANSLATION
nosy	naljakas
not negative	mitte negatiivne
not positive	mitte positiivne
notable	tähelepanuväärne
notables	notables
notably	eelkõige
notamorningperson	NO TRANSLATION
notary	notar
notation	märge
notch	tõmme
notched	püstine
note	Märge
notebook	sülearvuti
noted	märkis
noteworthy	märkimisväärne
nothappy	NO TRANSLATION
nothingbetter	NO TRANSLATION
nothingness	mitte midagi
notice	teate
noticeable	märgatav
notification	teatis
notify	teatama
notion	mõte
notional	mõtteline
notoriety	kuulsus
notorious	kuulsusrikk
notready	ei ole valmis
notwithstanding	olenemata
nought	null
noun	nimisõna
nourish	toitma
nourishment	toitumine
nouveau	NO TRANSLATION
novel	romaan
novelist	kirjanik
novelty	uudsus
novice	algaja
nowadays	tänapäeval
nowork	pole tööd
noworries	ära muretse
noxious	mürgine
nozzle	otsik
nuance	nüanss
nuances	nüansid
nuclear	tuumaenergia
nucleus	tuum
nude	alasti
nudge	müks
nudie	nudie
nudist	nudistlik
nudity	alastust
nugget	nugget
nuisance	ebameeldivus
nuke	nuke
nul	NO TRANSLATION
null	null
nullify	tühistada
numb	tujukas
number	number
numbering	nummerdamine
numbers	numbrid
numbness	tuimus
numbskull	numbskull
numeral	numbrit
numerator	lugeja
numerical	numbriline
numerically	numbriliselt
numerous	palju
nun	NO TRANSLATION
nunchucks	nunchucks
nunnery	Nunnaklooster
nuptials	semantika
nurse	õde
nursemaid	õde
nursery	lasteaed
nursing	õendusabi
nurture	kasvatada
nut	pähkel
nutcase	pähkel
nutcracker	nutcracker
nuthouse	nuthouse
nutmeg	muskaatpähkel
nutrition	toitumine
nutritional	toitainet
nutritious	toitev
nutritive	toitainet
nuts	pähklid
nutshell	lühidalt
nutty	pähkelõbine
nylon	nailon
nylong	NO TRANSLATION
nylons	nailonid
nymph	nümf
nymphomaniac	nümfomaan
oaf	oaf
oak	tamm
oar	oar
oasis	oaas
oat	kaer
oath	vande
oatmeal	kaerajahu
obedience	kuulekus
obedient	sõnakuulelik
obediently	kuulekalt
obelisk	obelisk
obese	rasvunud
obesity	ülekaalulisus
obey	järgige
obi	obi
obit	obit
obituary	järelehüüe
object	objekt
objection	vastuväide
objectionable	ebasobiv
objective	objektiivne
objectivity	objektiivsus
obligation	kohustus
obligatory	kohustuslik
oblige	kohustatud
obliged	kohustatud
obliging	kohustatud
obligor	võlgnik
oblique	kaldu
obliterate	hävitama
obliterated	kustutatud
obliteration	kustutamine
oblivion	unustusse jäänud
oblivious	unustamatu
oblong	piklik
obnoxious	ebameeldiv
oboe	oboe
obscene	ebamugav
obscenity	ebamõistlikkus
obscure	varjatud
obscured	varjatud
obscurity	varjatus
observance	järgimine
observant	tähelepanelik
observation	vaatlus
observatory	vaatluskeskus
observe	jälgige
observer	vaatleja
observing	jälgides
obsess	kinnisideeks
obsessed	kinnisideeks
obsessing	obsessing
obsession	kinnisidee
obsessive	obsessiivne
obsolescence	vananemine
obsolete	vananenud
obstacle	takistus
obstetrician	sünnitusarst
obstetrics	sünnitusabi
obstinate	kangekaelne
obstruct	takistama
obstruction	takistus
obstructive	obstruktiivne
obtain	saada
obtainable	saadaolev
obtuse	räpane
obverse	esikülg
obvious	ilmselge
ocarina	okarina
occasion	korral
occasional	juhuslik
occasionally	aeg-ajalt
occipital	kuklak
occlusion	oklusioon
occult	varjatud
occupancy	hõivatus
occupant	sõitja
occupation	okupatsioon
occupational	ametialane
occupied	hõivatud
occupier	okupeerija
occupy	hõivata
occupying	okupeeriv
occur	esineda
occurrence	esinemine
ocd	ocd
ocean	ookean
oceanic	ookeaniline
octagon	kaheksanurk
octave	oktaav
octopus	kaheksajalad
ocular	okulaarne
odd	kummaline
oddball	imelikult
oddity	veiderus
odds	koefitsient
ode	ode
odious	vastik
odometer	odomeetri näit
odor	lõhn
odyssey	odyssey
oedipal	oedipal
oestrogen	östrogeen
oeuvre	NO TRANSLATION
offal	rups
offence	kuritegu
offend	solvata
offended	solvunud
offender	õigusrikkuja
offense	kuritegu
offensive	solvav
offer	pakkumine
offered	pakutakse
offering	pakkumine
offhand	käsitsi
office	kontoris
officer	ohvitser
offices	kontorid
official	ametnik
officiate	teenima
offing	väljalangemine
offload	maha laadima
offset	nihe
offshoot	väljavõte
offshore	offshore
offside	offside
offspring	järglased
oft	oft
oftentimes	sageli
ogre	okei
ohdear	NO TRANSLATION
ohgod	NO TRANSLATION
ohno	ohno
ohshit	NO TRANSLATION
oil	õli
oils	õlid
oily	õline
oink	oink
ointment	salv
okra	okra
old	vana
olden	vanad
older	vanem
oldie	vanad
oldies	vanad inimesed
olfactory	lõhnav
oligarchy	oligarhia
olive	oliiviõli
omega	omega
omelet	omlett
omen	omeen
omgomgomg	NO TRANSLATION
ominous	pahameelne
omission	väljajätmine
omit	ära jätta
omitted	jäetud
omnibus	omnibus
omnipotence	kõikvõimsus
omnipotent	kõikvõimas
omnipresent	kõikjal
omniscient	teadmatu
onboard	pardal
oncologist	onkoloog
oncology	onkoloogia
oncoming	tulemas
one	üks
oneday	NO TRANSLATION
onedge	onedge
onelove	üks armastus
oneness	ühtsus
onerous	koormav
oneself	iseenda
ongoing	jätkuv
onion	sibul
onset	algus
onslaught	rünnak
onstage	laval
ontology	ontoloogia
onus	onus
onward	edasi edasi
onyx	onyx
oodles	oodles
oomph	oomph
ooze	ärkvel
oozing	ahvatlev
op	op
opacity	läbipaistmatus
opal	opaal
opaque	läbipaistmatu
ope	ope
open	avatud
opener	avaja
opening	avamine
openly	avalikult
openness	avatus
opera	ooper
operate	tegutsema
operatic	operaator
operation	operatsioon
operational	töökorras
operations	toimingud
operative	operatiivne
operator	operaator
ophthalmic	oftalmoloogiline
ophthalmologist	oftalmoloog
opiate	opiaat
opinion	arvamus
opinionated	ülendatud
opium	oopium
opponent	vastane
opportune	sobiv
opportunism	oportunism
opportunity	võimalus
oppose	vastupidi
opposed	vastu
opposing	vastupidi
opposite	vastupidi
opposites	vastandid
opposition	opositsioon
oppress	ahvatlema
oppressed	rõhutatu
oppression	rõhumine
oppressive	rõhuv
oppressor	rõhu panna
ops	ops
opt	vali
optic	optiline
optical	optiline
optics	optika
optimism	optimism
optimist	optimist
optimistic	optimistlik
optimum	optimaalne
option	võimalus
optional	vabatahtlik
optionally	valikuliselt
options	valikud
optometrist	optometrist
opulence	jõukus
opulent	rikkalik
opus	opus
oracle	orakel
oral	suuline
orange	oranž
orange juice	apelsinimahl
orangutan	orangutan
oration	suhetes
orator	orator
oratory	Oratory
orb	orb
orbit	orbiit
orbital	orbitaal
orbiting	orbiidil
orbs	orbs
orc	orc
orchard	viljapuuaed
orchestra	orkester
orchid	orhidee
ordained	ordineeritud
ordeal	katsumus
order	tellida
orderly	korralikult
ordinance	ordinatsioon
ordinary	tavaline
ordination	koordineerimine
ordnance	laskemoona
ore	maagid
oregano	oregano
organ	orel
organic	orgaaniline
organism	organism
organist	organist
organization	organisatsioon
organize	korraldama
organized	korraldatud
organizer	korraldaja
orgasm	orgasm
orgies	orgies
orgy	orgia
orient	orienteeruge
oriental	idamaine
orientation	orientatsioon
orifice	ava
origami	origami
origin	päritolu
original	originaal
originality	originaalsus
originate	pärinevad
origination	algatus
originator	algataja
ornament	ornament
ornamental	dekoratiivne
ornamentation	ornament
ornamented	kaunistatud
ornate	hiilgav
ornery	ornery
orphan	orb
orphanage	lastekodu
orphaned	orvuks jäänud
orthodontist	ortodontiin
orthodox	ortodoksne
orthodoxy	ortodoksia
orthogonal	ortogonaalne
orthopedic	ortopeediline
oscillate	ostsillateerima
oscillating	vibreeriv
oscillation	võnkumine
oscillatory	võluv
ostensible	nähtav
ostensibly	näiliselt
ostentatious	näiteline
ostracized	ostracized
ostrich	jaanalind
other	muu
otter	sa oled
otto	otto
ottoman	ottoman
ought	peaks olema
ounce	unts
oust	tõrjuma
outage	katkestada
outback	outback
outbid	overbid
outboard	väljapoole
outbreak	puhang
outburst	väljapääsu
outcast	vallandatud
outcome	tulemus
outcry	kõvaks
outdated	aegunud
outdo	vallandada
outdoor	väljas
outdoors	õues
outer	välimine
outfit	riietus
outgoing	väljaminev
outgrow	välja kasvada
outgrowth	väljakasv
outhouse	outhouse
outing	väljasõit
outlandish	võõras
outlast	ülejääk
outlaw	keelatud
outlet	väljalaskeava
outline	ülevaade
outlines	kontseptsioonid
outlive	ületab
outlook	väljavaade
outlying	väljasõit
outnumber	ületab
outpatient	ambulatoorne
outpost	eelpost
outpouring	väljaheidetamine
output	väljund
outrage	pahameele
outraged	nördinud
outrageous	ennekuulmatu
outrank	ületab
outreach	teavitamine
outright	otse
outrun	outrun
outset	algusest peale
outsider	võõras
outskirts	äärelinnas
outsmart	ülemäära
outspoken	üllatunud
outstanding	väljapaistev
outstretched	välja tõmmatud
outward	väljapoole
outwards	väljapoole
outweigh	üle kaaluda
outwit	overwit
oval	ovaalne
ovary	munarakk
ovate	ovaalne
ovation	ovation
oven	ahi
overactive	üleaktiivne
overall	üldiselt
overalls	tunked
overbearing	ülekaalukas
overburden	ülekoormatud
overcast	pilvine
overcharged	overcharged
overcoat	mantlid
overcome	üle saada
overcoming	ületamiseks
overcrowded	ülerahvastatud
overdo	overdot
overdose	üleannustamine
overdrive	overdrive
overdue	hilinenud
overestimate	overestimate
overestimated	ülehinnatud
overflow	ületäitumine
overflowing	ülevoolav
overgrown	kasvanud
overgrowth	ülekasv
overhanging	overhanging
overhaul	kapitaalremont
overhead	üldkulud
overhear	overheard
overheated	ülekuumenenud
overjoyed	rõõmus
overkill	overkill
overlaid	katteta
overlap	kattuvad
overlapping	kattuv
overlay	overlay
overload	ülekoormus
overlook	unustada
overlord	overlord
overlying	overlying
overpaid	ülemakstud
overpass	viadukt
overplayed	üle mängitud
overpower	üle jõu
overpowering	ületamine
overpriced	ülehinnatud
overprotective	ülekaalukas
overrated	ülehinnatud
overreact	üle reageerima
override	override
overriding	ülekaalukalt
overrule	tühistada
overrun	ületamine
oversee	jälgima
overseer	järelevaataja
overshadow	varjutama
oversight	järelevalve
oversized	liiga suur
overslept	overslept
overstate	ületada
overstock	ülejääk
overt	avalik
overtake	möödasõit
overtaken	möödas
overthemoon	NO TRANSLATION
overthinker	overtinker
overthinking	üle mõtlema
overthrow	kukutama
overtime	üle aja
overtired	ületatakse
overture	overture
overturn	tühistama
overview	ülevaade
overweight	ülekaaluline
overwhelm	vallutada
overwhelmed	ülekoormatud
overwhelming	ülekaalukas
overworked	üleküllastatud
overwrought	ülekoormatud
overzealous	overzealous
owe	võlgu
owing	tänu sellele
owl	öökull
owner	omanik
ownership	omandiõigus
ox	härg
oxidation	oksüdeerimine
oxide	oksiid
oxygen	hapnik
oxymoron	oksüsoon
oyster	auster
ozone	osoon
pace	kiirus
pacemaker	südamestimulaator
pacific	Vaikse ookeani piirkond
pacified	rahutu
pacifier	sääreluu
pacifist	patsifist
pacify	rahustage
pacing	kiirus
pack	pakend
package	pakett
packaging	pakendamine
packer	pakendaja
packet	pakett
pact	pakt
pad	pad
padded	polsterdatud
padding	polsterdus
paddle	mõla
paddle boat	mõla paadiga
paddock	paddock
paddy	padjad
padlock	lukustus
padre	NO TRANSLATION
paean	paean
pagan	paganlik
paganism	paganism
page	leht
pageant	võistlus
pager	piipar
pagination	lehestik
paging	lehitsemine
pagoda	pagood
pail	pail
pain	valu
pained	pahane
painful	valus
painfully	valusalt
painkiller	valuvaigisti
painless	valutu
pains	valud
painstaking	vaevaline
paint	värvi
paintball	paintball
paintbrush	pintsel
painted	värvitud
painter	maalikunstnik
painting	maalimine
pair	paar
paisley	paisley
pajama	pidžaama
pajamas	pidžaamad
pal	pal
palace	palee
palatable	maitsev
palate	suhkruroog
pale	kahvatu
paleontology	paleontoloogia
palette	palett
pall	pall
palladium	pallaadium
pallet	kaubaalus
palliative	palliatiivne
palm	palm
palmer	palmer
palomino	Palomino
palpable	nähtav
palpitations	südamepekslemine
palsy	paralüüs
paltry	vaevaline
pamper	hellama
pamphlet	brošüür
pan	pann
panacea	imerohi
panache	paanika
pancake	pannkook
pancakes	pannkoogid
pancreas	pankreas
panda	panda
pandemic	pandeemia
pandemonium	pandemonium
pane	pane
panel	paneel
pang	NO TRANSLATION
panhandle	panhandle
panic	paanika
panicattack	NO TRANSLATION
panicked	Paniced
panicking	panicking
panicky	paanikas
panier	NO TRANSLATION
panorama	panoraam
panoramic	Panoraampaneel
pansy	Pansia
pant	hingeldama
pantheon	pantheoon
panther	panther
panties	aluspüksid
pantomime	pantomime
pantry	sahtliks
pants	püksid
panty	sukkpüksid
pantyhose	sukkpüksid
pap	pap
papa	papa
papacy	papacy
papal	NO TRANSLATION
papaya	papaia
paper	paber
paperback	pabertahvel
paperboy	paperboy
paperweight	paberkandja
paperwork	paberitööd
paprika	paprika
papyrus	papyrus
par	NO TRANSLATION
parable	tähendamissõna
parabola	parabool
parabolic	paraboolne
parachute	langevarju
parade	paraad
paradigm	paradigma
paradise	paradiis
paradox	paradoks
paradoxical	paradoksaalne
paraffin	parafiin
paragon	paragon
paragraph	punkt
parakeet	parakeet
paralegal	paralegal
parallax	parallaks
parallel	paralleelselt
parallelism	parallelism
paralysis	paralüüs
paralyze	paralüüsi
paralyzed	halvatud
paramedic	parameditsiini
paramedics	parameedikud
paramilitary	poolsõjaline
paramount	esmatähtis
paranoia	paranoia
paranoid	paranoiline
paranormal	paranormaalne
parapet	parapet
paraphernalia	abivahendid
paraphrase	parafraseerima
paraplegic	parapleigiline
parasite	parasiit
parasitic	parasiitne
parasol	päikesevari
parcel	maatükk
parcels	maatükid
parched	leotatud
parchment	pärgament
pardon	vabandage
pare	NO TRANSLATION
parenchyma	parenhüüm
parent	vanem
parentage	vanematega
parental	vanematega
parenthesis	NO TRANSLATION
parenthetical	sulgemisjärgne
parenthood	lapsevanemaks olemine
parenting	lapsevanemaks olemine
pariah	pariah
parietal	parietaalne
paring	paring
parish	kogudus
parity	pariteet
park	park
parka	parka
parking	parkimine
parkinsons	parkinsonid
parlance	keele sõnastik
parlay	parlay
parliament	parlament
parliamentary	parlamentaarne
parlor	salong
parmesan	parmesan
parody	paroodia
parole	parole
parquet	parkett
parrot	papagoi
parry	parry
parse	parsida
parsimonious	võluv
parsimony	parsimony
parsley	petersell
parson	parson
part	osaliselt
partake	osalema
partial	osaline
partiality	erapoolikust
partially	osaliselt
participant	osaleja
participate	osalema
participation	osalemine
particle	osake
particular	eriti
particularity	eripära
particulars	üksikasjad
parting	lahkuks
partisan	partisan
partisanship	osalemine
partition	partitsioon
partly	osaliselt
partner	partner
partnership	partnerlus
partridge	tualeti
parts	osad
party	pidu
pas	NO TRANSLATION
pass	üle andma
passable	läbipaistev
passage	läbimine
passageway	passageway
passe	NO TRANSLATION
passenger	reisija
passim	NO TRANSLATION
passing	mööduv
passion	kirg
passionate	kirglik
passive	passiivne
passivity	passiivsus
passkey	passkey
passport	pass
password	parool
past	minevik
pasta	pasta
paste	kleepige
pastel	pastell
pastime	ajaviide
pastor	pastor
pastrami	pastrami
pastry	kondiitritooted
pasture	karjamaa
pasty	pasta
pat	pat
patch	plaaster
patchwork	pahveltöö
pate	pate
patella	põlvepõlv
patent	patent
patented	patenteeritud
paternal	isa
paternity	isadust
path	tee
pathetic	haletsusväärne
pathological	patoloogiline
pathologist	patoloog
pathology	patoloogia
pathos	NO TRANSLATION
pathway	rada
patience	kannatlikkust
patient	patsient
patio	terrass
patriarch	patriarh
patriarchal	patriarhaalne
patrimony	isamaa
patriot	patrioot
patriotic	patriootlik
patriotism	patriotism
patrol	patrull
patrolman	patrullija
patron	patroon
patronage	patroon
patronising	patroniseerimine
patronize	patroonima
patronizing	patroniseerimine
patter	patter
pattern	muster
paucity	vähesus
pauper	pauper
pause	paus
pave	sillutada
pavement	katend
pavilion	paviljon
paving	sillutis
paw	paha
pawn	ettur
pawnshop	pandimaja
pax	pax
pay	maksma
payable	makstav
payback	tasuvusaeg
paycheck	Palkmaja
payday	palgapäev
payer	maksja
payload	kasulik koormus
payment	makse
payoff	ära maksma
payout	väljamakse
payphone	taksofon
payroll	palgafond
pea	hernes
peace	rahu
peaceable	rahumeelne
peaceful	rahumeelne
peacefully	rahumeelselt
peacekeeper	rahuvalvaja
peaceofmind	NO TRANSLATION
peacetime	rahu aeg
peach	virsik
peachy	peanjas
peacock	paabulind
peak	tipp
peaked	tipptasemel
peanut	maapähkel
peanuts	maapähklid
pear	pirn
pearl	pärl
pearly	pärlmutter
peas	herned
peasant	talupojad
peat	turvas
pebble	pebble
pecan	Pekanipähkel
peck	Peck
pecker	pecker
peculiar	eriline
peculiarities	eripära
peculiarity	eripära
peculiarly	omamoodi
pecuniary	rahaline
pedal	pedaal
pedantic	pedantiline
peddle	kaubelda
peddler	pedaalija
pedestal	pjedestaal
pedestrian	jalakäija
pediatric	lastel
pediatrician	lastearst
pediatrics	pediatrics
pedicure	pediküür
pedigree	sugupuu
pedometer	pedometer
pedophile	pedofiil
pee	piss
peek	peek
peekaboo	peitus
peel	koor
peep	peep
peeper	peeper
peephole	vaigukoor
peer	peer
peering	peering
peerless	võrratu
peeved	peeved
peg	koo
pegs	jalutuskepid
peice	NO TRANSLATION
pelagic	pelaagiline
pelican	pelikan
pellet	pellet
pelvic	vaagnapuu
pelvis	vaagnaluu
pen	pliiatsi
penal	karistusõigus
penalty	trahv
penance	paastus
penchant	kalduvus
pencil	pliiats
pendant	ripats
pendency	pendentsus
pendent	NO TRANSLATION
pending	ootel
pendulum	pendel
penetrate	läbistama
penetrating	tungiv
penetration	tungimist
penguin	pingviin
penicillin	penitsilliin
penile	peenis
peninsula	poolsaar
penis	peenis
penitent	karistatav
penitentiary	kinnipidamiskoht
penmanship	põlvnemine
pennant	vimpel
penniless	penniless
penny	Penn
pension	pension
pensioner	pensionär
pensive	mõttev
pentagon	pentagon
pentagram	pentagramm
penthouse	katusekorter
penultimate	eelviimane
people	inimesed
peopled	rahvas
pep	pep
pepper	pipar
peppermint	piparmünt
pepperoni	pepperoni
peppy	peppy
peptic	peptic
peptide	peptiid
perceive	tajuda
percent	protsenti
percentage	protsent
percentile	protsentiil
perceptible	tajutav
perception	taju
perceptive	tajutav
perch	ahven
perchance	perchance
percolation	perkolatsioon
percussion	löökpillid
perdition	hukatus
peremptory	lubamatu
perennial	mitmeaastane
perfect	täiuslik
perfection	täiuslikkus
perfectionist	perfektsionist
perfecto	NO TRANSLATION
perforated	perforeeritud
perforation	perforeerimine
perforce	täiustama
perform	täita
performance	jõudlus
performer	esineja
perfume	parfüüm
perfumed	lõhnastatud
peri	peri
peridot	peridot
peril	oht
perilous	ohtlik
perimeter	ümbermõõt
period	periood
periodic	perioodiline
periodical	perioodiline
periodically	perioodiliselt
periodicity	perioodilisus
peripheral	perifeerne
periphery	perifeeria
periscope	periskop
perish	hukkuda
perishable	kiiresti riknevad
perished	hukkus
perishing	hukkub
perjury	süüdistus
perk	kallis
perky	perky
perm	perm
permanence	püsivus
permanent	alaline
permeable	läbilaskvad
permeate	permeaati
permeation	läbilaskvus
permissible	lubatav
permission	luba
permissive	lubav
permit	luba
permitted	lubatud
permitting	lubades
permutation	permutatsioon
pernicious	kahjutu
peroxide	peroksiid
perpendicular	risti
perpetrate	toime panema
perpetrator	kurjategija
perpetual	igavene
perpetually	pidevalt
perpetuate	püsib
perpetuation	püsivus
perpetuity	igavene
perplexed	hämmingus
perplexing	hämmastav
perplexity	hämmingus
persecute	tagakiusamine
persecution	tagakiusamine
perseverance	sihikindlus
persevere	püsivalt
persist	püsivad
persistence	püsivus
persistent	püsiv
persisting	püsiv
person	inimene
persona	NO TRANSLATION
personable	Iseloomulik
personage	isiksus
personal	isiklik
personality	iseloom
personification	isikupärastamine
personnel	personal
persons	isikud
perspective	vaatenurk
perspiration	higistamine
persuade	veenma
persuasion	veenmine
persuasive	veenev
pert	pert
pertinent	asjakohane
perturbation	häiringut
pertussis	läkaköha
perusal	tutvustus
peruse	tutvuge
pervading	läbimõeldud
perverse	perversne
perversion	perversioon
pervert	pervert
perverted	rikutud
pesky	Ärritav
pessimism	pessimism
pessimist	pessimist
pessimistic	pessimistlik
pest	kahjur
pester	pester
pestilence	mürgitus
pestle	Pestle
pesto	pesto
pet	lemmikloom
petal	kroonleht
petite	petite
petition	avaldus
petitioner	petitsiooni esitaja
petloss	NO TRANSLATION
petpeeve	NO TRANSLATION
petrified	kivistunud
petrify	petrify
petrol	bensiin
petroleum	nafta
petticoat	alusseelik
petting	petting
petty	väike
petulant	petulant
petunia	petunia
pew	pew
pewter	tina
peyote	NO TRANSLATION
phalanx	phalanx
phantom	fantoom
pharaoh	vaarao
pharmaceutical	farmatseutiline
pharmacist	apteeker
pharmacology	farmakoloogia
pharmacy	apteek
phase	faas
pheasant	faasan
phenomenal	fenomenaalne
phenomenon	nähtus
pheromone	feromoon
phew	phew
phi	phi
philanthropic	filantroopne
philanthropist	filantroop
philanthropy	filantroopia
philistine	tütarlaps
philosopher	filosoof
philosophic	filosoofiline
philosophical	filosoofiline
philosophy	filosoofia
phlegm	flegm
pho	pho
phobia	fobia
phoenix	phoenix
phone	telefon
phonetic	foneetiline
phonetics	foneetika
phonics	helilooming
phonograph	fonogramm
phonology	fonoloogia
phony	petlik
phooey	phooey
phosphate	fosfaat
phosphor	fosfor
phosphorus	fosforit
photo	foto
photogenic	fotogeenne
photograph	fotograaf
photographer	fotograaf
photographic	fotograafia
photography	fotograafia
photometry	fotomeetria
photon	foton
phrase	fraas
phraseology	fraasoloogia
phylogeny	fülogenees
physical	füüsiline
physical therapist	füsioterapeut
physician	arst
physicist	füüsik
physics	Füüsika
physiological	füsioloogiline
physiology	füsioloogia
physique	kehaehitus
pi	pi
pianist	pianist
piano	klaver
piazza	piazza
piccolo	NO TRANSLATION
pick	korjama
picked	korjatud
picker	valija
picket	pikett
picketing	pikkimine
pickle	hapukurk
pickled	marineeritud
pickpocket	pickpocket
pickup	korja üles
picky	vali
picnic	piknik
pictorial	piltlik
picture	pilt
pictures	pildid
picturesque	maaliline
pie	pirukas
piece	tükk
piecemeal	osade kaupa
pieceofshit	tükk sulgeda
pied	pied
pier	Kai
pierce	sirutama
piety	jumalateenistus
pig	siga
pigeon	tuvi
piggy	räpane
piggyback	võltsimine
pigheaded	saba peas
piglet	põrsas
pigment	pigment
pigskin	seakasvatus
pigsty	pigist
pike	haug
pile	hunnik
piles	vaiad
pileup	kuhjama
pilgrim	palverändur
pilgrimage	palverännak
pill	tablett
pillage	rüüstamine
pillar	sammas
pillbox	pillbox
pillow	padi
pillowcase	padjapüür
pilot	piloot
pimp	Pimp
pimple	vistrik
pin	tihvt
pinball	pinball
pinch	näputäis
pinching	pigistamine
pine	mänd
pineapple	ananass
ping	ping
pinhead	sõrmikud
pinhole	pistikupesa
pinion	hammasratas
pink	roosa
pinkie	Pinkie
pinnacle	pinnakleel
pinot	pinot
pinpoint	täpselt
pint	pint
pinto	pinto
pinup	pinup
pioneer	pioneer
pious	kallis
pip	pip
pipe	toru
piped	torustik
pipeline	torujuhe
piper	piper
pipette	pipett
piping	torustik
pipsqueak	pipskuu
pique	muretsema
piracy	piraatlus
piranha	piranha
pirate	piraat
piscina	NO TRANSLATION
piss	kutsu
pissed	pissed
pissedoff	Vihane
pisser	NO TRANSLATION
pissesmeoff	pissesmeoff
pissingmeoff	pissingmeoff
pissoff	pissoff
pistachio	pistaatsiapähkel
pistol	püstol
piston	kolb
pit	pit
pita	pita
pitch	pigi
pitcher	pitcher
pitchfork	pigi
pitfall	päästik
pith	surnud
pithy	vaimne
pitiful	haletsusväärne
pitted	pitted
pitter	pitter
pituitary	hüpofüüsi
pity	kahju
pivot	pivot
pivotal	keskset rolli
pix	pix
pixie	pixie
pizza	pitsa
pizzazz	pitsaaz
pizzeria	pizzeria
placard	plakat
place	koht
placebo	platseebo
placement	paigutus
placenta	platsenta
placid	rahulik
placket	kleebis
plagiarism	plagiaat
plague	katk
plaid	plaid
plain	tavaline
plainclothes	lausriided
plaintiff	hageja
plaintive	süüdistatav
plan	plaan
plane	lennuk
planes	lennukid
planet	planeet
planetarium	planetaarium
planetary	planeetiline
planets	planeedid
plank	plank
plankton	plankton
planned	planeeritud
planner	planeerija
planning	planeerimine
plant	taim
plantation	istandus
planter	planter
planting	istutamine
plaque	tahvel
plasma	plasma
plaster	krohv
plastic	plastist
plasticity	plastilisus
plat	plat
plate	plaat
plateau	platoo
plated	pinnatud
platform	platvorm
plating	plaadistamine
platinum	plaatina
platonic	platooniline
platoon	voor
platter	taldrik
plaudit	NO TRANSLATION
plausibility	usutavus
plausible	usutav
play	mängima
playa	playa
playback	taasesitus
playbook	playbook
playboy	playboy
player	mängija
playful	vallatu
playground	mänguväljak
playhouse	mängutuba
playmate	playmate
playoff	playoff
playpen	mängukapp
playroom	mängutuba
plaything	mänguasjad
playtime	playtime
playwright	näitekirjanik
plaza	plaza
plea	väide
plead	väidavad
pleasant	meeldiv
pleased	hea meel
pleasing	meeldiv
pleasurable	rõõmustav
pleasure	rõõm
pleasures	rõõmud
pleat	voli
pleated	pleegitatud
pledge	lubadus
pledged	panditud
plenary	täiskogu istungjärk
plentiful	rikkalik
plenty	palju
plenum	plenenium
plethora	arvukus
plexus	plexus
pliable	painduv
plication	lisamine
pliers	tangid
plight	kohutav olukord
plinth	sokk
plodding	plodding
plop	plopima
plot	süžee
plough	plätt
ploughed	arenenud
plover	plover
plow	plätt
plowed	arenenud
plowing	kündmine
ploy	kavalus
pluck	haukuma
plucky	kallis
plug	pistik
plum	ploomi
plumage	plumage
plumb	voolik
plumber	torulukksepp
plumbing	veevärgitooted
plume	plume
plummet	kukkuma
plump	tühine
plumper	pillama
plunder	röövima
plunge	sukelduma
plunger	kolb
plural	mitmuses
plurality	plurality
plush	Palus
plutonium	plutoonium
ply	kiht
plywood	vineer
pneumatic	pneumaatiline
pneumonia	kopsupõletik
poacher	poohver
poachers	salaküttid
poaching	salaküttimine
pocket	taskus
pocketbook	taskuraamat
pocketful	taskuline
pod	NO TRANSLATION
podium	poodium
poem	luuletus
poems	luuletused
poet	luuletaja
poetic	poeetiline
poetical	poeetiline
poetics	poeetika
poetry	luule
pogo	Pogo
poignant	kõhklev
point	punkt
pointedly	märkimisväärselt
pointer	kursor
pointless	mõttetu
pointy	näpunäide
poise	poise
poison	mürk
poisoned	mürgitatud
poisoning	mürgistus
poisonous	mürgine
poke	kohe
poker	pokker
pokes	pokes
polar	polaarne
polarity	polaarsus
pole	pole
polemic	poleemiline
police	politsei
police officer	politseinik
policeman	politseinik
policewoman	politseinik
policy	poliitika
polio	poliomüeliit
polish	Poola
polished	lihvitud
polite	viisakas
politeness	viisakus
politic	poliitiline
political	poliitiline
politician	poliitik
politics	poliitika
polity	poliitika
polka	polka
poll	küsitlus
pollen	õietolm
polling	küsitlused
pollute	saastavad
pollution	reostus
polo	polo
poltergeist	poltergeist
polyester	polüester
polygamy	polügaamia
polygon	hulknurk
polygonal	hulknurkne
polygraph	poligraafia
polymer	polümeer
polymorphism	polümorfism
pomp	pomp
pompous	pompoosne
poncho	ponso
pond	tiik
ponder	mõtle
ponderous	mõttetu
pong	pong
pontiff	pontifitseerija
pontificate	pontifikaat
pontoon	pontoon
pony	poni
ponytail	hobusesaba
pooch	pook
poodle	poodle
poof	poof
pool	bassein
poop	poop
poor	vaene
poorly	halvasti
pop	pop
popcorn	popcorn
pope	paavst
popper	popper
poppy	moon
poppycock	poppycock
popsicle	papsicle
popular	populaarne
popularity	populaarsus
popularized	populariseeritud
population	elanikkonnast
populous	rahvaarvuline
porcelain	portselan
porch	veranda
porcupine	porcupine
pore	poorid
pork	sealiha
porker	Porker
porky	piimjas
porn	porno
porno	porno
pornographic	pornograafiline
pornography	pornograafia
porosity	poorsus
porous	poorne
porridge	puder
port	sadam
portable	kaasaskantav
portage	portage
portal	portaal
porter	porter
porterhouse	porterhouse
portfolio	portfell
porthole	porthole
portico	portikk
portion	portsjon
portrait	portree
portraiture	portreed
portray	kujutama
pose	panna
poser	NO TRANSLATION
posh	šikk
posited	postitatud
position	positsioon
positioning	positsioneerimine
positive	positiivne
positiveenergy	NO TRANSLATION
positively	positiivselt
positivity	positiivsus
posse	posse
possess	omama
possessed	vallanud
possessing	omamine
possession	omandiõigus
possessive	omanduslik
possessor	valdaja
possibility	võimalus
possible	võimalik
possibly	tõenäoliselt
possum	oposum
post	postitus
postage	postikulu
postal	posti teel
postcard	postkaart
poster	plakat
posterior	tagumine
posterity	järglased
posthumous	postuumselt
postman	postitus
postmortem	postmortem
postpone	edasi lükata
postponed	edasi lükatud
postponement	edasilükkamine
postscript	postscript
postulate	postulaat
posture	hoiak
pot	potti
potable	joogivaba
potassium	kaalium
potato	kartul
potatoes	kartulid
potency	tugevus
potent	tugev
potential	potentsiaal
pothead	põõsastik
pothole	kukkus
potion	jook
potluck	potluck
potpourri	potpourri
potted	potted
potter	Potter
pottery	keraamika
potty	pöörane
pouch	kott
poultry	kodulinnud
pounce	püüdma
pound	nael
pounding	pounding
pour	NO TRANSLATION
pout	pook
pouting	pouting
pouty	pouty
poverty	vaesus
pow	pow
powder	pulber
powdered	pulbristatud
powdery	pulbriline
power	võimsus
powerful	võimas
powerfully	võimsalt
powerhouse	jõujaam
powerless	võimetus
powwow	powwow
pox	rõuged
practicable	praktiline
practical	praktiline
practically	praktiliselt
practice	praktika
practiced	harjutanud
practise	praktika
practitioner	praktik
pragmatic	pragmaatiline
prairie	prairie
praise	kiitust
praised	kiitis
praisegod	NO TRANSLATION
praisejesus	NO TRANSLATION
praises	kiidab
praiseworthy	kiiduväärt
praising	kiites
prance	prance
prank	jama
prawn	krevetti
praxis	praksis
pray	palvetama
prayer	palve
prayforme	palveta minu eest
praying	palvetades
praying mantis	palvetades mantis
preach	jutlustama
preacher	jutlustaja
preaching	jutlustamine
preamble	preambul
precarious	ebakindel
precaution	ettevaatusabinõud
precautionary	ettevaatusabinõud
precede	eelneb
precedence	ülimuslikkus
precedent	pretsedent
preceding	eelnev
precept	ettekirjutus
preceptor	ettekandja
precession	pretsessioon
precinct	väljak
precincts	piirkonnad
precious	kallis
precipice	katkend
precipitate	sade
precipitation	sademed
precipitous	kohapealne
precise	täpne
precisely	täpselt
precision	täpsus
preclude	välistada
precocious	enneaegne
precursor	prekursor
predator	röövloom
predatory	rikkaks
predecessor	eelkäija
predicament	keeruline olukord
predicate	esiteks
predict	ennustada
predictable	prognoositav
predicting	prognoosimine
prediction	prognoosimine
predictive	ennustatav
predictor	ennustaja
predilection	eelistused
predispose	eelistada
predisposed	eelsoodumus
predisposition	eelsoodumus
predominance	ülekaal
predominant	ülekaalus
predominate	domineerivad
preeminent	preeminent
preemption	eelisõigus
preemptive	ennetav
preface	eessõna
prefect	prefekt
prefer	eelistavad
preferable	eelistatav
preference	eelistus
preferential	eelisõigus
prefix	eesliide
pregnancy	Rasedus
pregnant	rase
prehistoric	eelajalooline
prejudice	eelarvamusi
prejudiced	kahjustatud
prejudicial	kahjulik
prelim	esialgne
preliminary	esialgne
prelude	prelude
premarital	abielupaar
premature	enneaegne
prematurely	enneaegselt
premed	premed
premeditated	ettekavatsetud
premier	premier
premiere	esietendus
premise	eeldus
premises	ruumidesse
premium	lisatasu
premonition	ettekujutus
prenatal	sünnieelne
prenuptial	prenuptial
preoccupation	murettekitav
preoccupied	murettekitav
prep	prep
preparation	ettevalmistamine
preparatory	ettevalmistav
prepare	valmistada
prepared	valmis
preparedness	valmisolek
preparer	valmistaja
preparing	ettevalmistamine
preponderance	ülekaalus
preposterous	ebaõiglane
preppy	preppy
prerequisite	eeltingimus
prerogative	eesõigus
preschool	eelkool
prescient	ennenägematu
prescribe	ette kirjutada
prescribed	ette nähtud
prescription	retsept
prescriptive	ettekirjutuslik
presence	kohalolek
present	present
presentable	esitatav
presentation	esitlus
presenter	saatejuht
presentment	esitlemine
presents	esitleb
preservation	säilitamine
preservative	säilitusaine
preserve	säilitada
preserved	säilinud
preserving	säilitamine
preside	juhatama
presidency	eesistumise ajal
president	president
presidential	presidendikandidaat
press	vajutage
pressing	vajutades
pressure	surve
prestige	prestiiž
prestigious	maineka
presto	presto
presume	eeldage
presumption	eeldus
presumptive	eeldatav
presumptuous	uskumatu
presuppose	eeldada
pretend	teeselda
pretended	teeseldud
pretender	pretender
pretending	teeseldes
pretense	pretensioon
pretensions	pretensioonid
pretentious	pretensiivne
pretext	ettekääne
pretty	ilus
pretzel	kristalliseerunud
prevail	valitsevad
prevailing	valitsev
prevalence	levimus
prevalent	levinud
prevent	ennetada
preventative	ennetav
prevention	ärahoidmine
preventive	ennetav
preview	eelvaade
previous	eelmine
previously	varem
prey	saagiks
price	hind
priceless	hindamatu
pricey	kallis
prick	kukkuma
prickly	lollakas
pride	uhkus
priest	preester
priestess	preester
priesthood	preesterkond
priestly	preesterlikult
prig	prig
prim	prim
prima	NO TRANSLATION
primacy	ülimuslikkus
primal	esmane
primary	primaarne
primate	primaat
primates	primaadid
prime	prime
primed	krunditud
primer	praimer
primeval	esmaklassiline
priming	praimimine
primitive	primitiivne
primordial	esmane
primrose	primusvärv
prince	prints
princely	vürstlik
princess	printsess
principal	printsipaal
principally	peamiselt
principle	põhimõte
principles	põhimõtted
print	printige
printer	printer
printing	trükkimine
printout	Prindi välja
prior	enne
prioritize	prioriteediks
priority	prioriteet
priory	a priori
prism	prism
prismatic	prismaga
prison	vangla
prisoner	vang
prissy	prissy
pristine	rikkumatu
privacy	privaatsus
private	privaatne
privately	privaatselt
privilege	privileeg
privileged	privilegeeritud
privy	eriline
prize	auhind
prized	hinnatud
pro	pro
proactive	ennetav
probability	tõenäosus
probable	tõenäoline
probate	testamendi
probation	katseaeg
probationary	katseaeg
probative	tõendav
probe	sond
probing	katsetamine
probity	kindlus
problem	probleem
problematic	probleemne
procedural	menetluslik
procedure	menetlus
proceed	jätkake
proceeding	menetluses
proceeds	tulu
process	protsessi
processing	töötlemine
procession	rongkäik
processor	protsessor
proclaim	kuulutama
proclamation	kuulutamine
procrastinate	lükkama edasi
procrastination	viivitus
procreate	sünnitama
procreation	paljunemine
proctologist	proktoloog
proctor	prokur
procure	hankima
procurement	hanked
prod	prod
prodigal	imetleja
prodigious	uhke
prodigy	hullumeelsus
produce	toota
produced	toodetud
producer	tootja
producing	tootmine
product	toode
production	tootmine
productive	produktiivne
productivity	tootlikkus
profane	kuratlik
profanity	ebamugavus
profess	kuulutama
profession	elukutse
professional	professionaalne
professionalism	professionaalsus
professor	professor
professorship	professorship
proficiency	oskus
proficient	kasulik
profile	profiil
profiler	profiilist
profit	kasum
profitable	kasumlik
profound	sügav
profuse	rikkalik
profusion	rikkalikult
prog	prog
progenitor	progenitor
progeny	järglased
prognosis	prognoos
prognostic	prognostiline
program	programm
programme	programm
programmer	programmeerija
programming	programmeerimine
progress	edusammud
progression	progressioon
progressive	progresseeruv
prohibit	keelama
prohibited	keelatud
prohibition	keeld
prohibitive	keelatud
project	projekt
projectile	mürsu
projectiles	mürsu
projecting	projekteerimine
projection	projektsioon
projector	projektor
proletarian	proletarian
proletariat	proletariaat
prolific	viljakas
prologue	proloog
prolong	pikendama
prolongation	pikendamine
prolonged	pikk
prom	prom
promenade	promenaad
prominence	tähtsus
prominent	tuntud
prominently	silmapaistvalt
promiscuity	promiscuity
promiscuous	promiscuous
promise	lubage
promising	paljutõotav
promissory	võlgnevused
promo	reklaam
promontory	mäestik
promote	edendada
promoter	promootor
promotion	edendamine
promotional	reklaami
prompt	kiire
prompting	küsides
promulgate	kuulutama
promulgation	avaldamine
prone	altid
prong	jõgi
pronounce	hääldama
pronounced	hääldatakse
pronouncement	avaldus
pronto	NO TRANSLATION
pronunciation	hääldus
proof	tõend
prop	prop
propaganda	propaganda
propagate	paljundada
propagation	paljundamine
propane	propaan
propel	liikuma
propelled	käitatav
propeller	propeller
propelling	liikuv jõud
propensity	kalduvus
proper	õige
property	vara
prophecy	ettekuulutus
prophesy	ennustage
prophet	prohvet
prophetic	prohvetlik
prophylactic	profülaktiline
prophylaxis	profülaktika
proportion	proportsioon
proportional	proportsionaalne
proportionate	proportsionaalne
proportions	proportsioonid
proposal	ettepanek
propose	ettepanek
proposition	ettepanek
proprietary	omandiõigusega
proprietor	omanik
proprietorship	omandiõigus
propriety	õiglane
propulsion	jõuülekanne
prose	proosa
prosecute	süüdistus
prosecution	süüdistuse esitamine
prosecutor	prokurör
prospect	väljavaade
prospection	läbivaatus
prospective	prospektiivne
prospectively	edasiulatuvalt
prospector	prospektore
prospectus	prospekt
prosper	õitsema
prosperity	heaolu
prosperous	jõukas
prostate	eesnääre
prosthetic	proteesiga
prostitute	prostituut
prostitution	prostitutsioon
prostrate	kummardama
protagonist	peategelane
protect	kaitsta
protected	kaitstud
protecting	kaitsmine
protection	kaitse
protective	kaitsev
protector	kaitsja
protein	valk
protest	protest
protestant	protestantlik
protocol	protokoll
proton	proton
prototype	prototüüp
protozoa	algloomad
protracted	pikka aega
protrude	välja tõmmata
protrusion	väljaulatuv osa
proud	uhke
prove	tõestada
proven	tõestatud
proverb	vanasõna
proverbial	vanasõna
provide	pakkuda
provided	ette nähtud
providence	providence
provider	pakkuja
providing	pakkudes
province	provints
provincial	provintsi
provision	säte
provisional	ajutine
provisionally	ajutiselt
provisions	sätted
proviso	tingimusel
provocation	provokatsioon
provocative	provokatiivne
provoke	provotseerima
provoked	provotseeritud
provoking	provotseeriv
provost	provost
prowess	osavus
prowl	kummitama
prowler	prowler
proximal	proksimaalne
proximate	lähestikku
proximity	lähedus
proxy	puhverserver
prude	Prude
prudence	ettevaatlikkus
prudent	mõistlik
prune	kuivatatud ploom
pruning	pügamine
pry	pry
prying	uudistav
psalm	psalm
psalms	psalmid
pseudo	pseudo
pseudonym	pseudonüüm
psi	psi
psoriasis	psoriaas
psych	psühhiaatria
psyche	psüühika
psychedelic	psühhedeelne
psychiatric	psühhiaatria
psychiatrist	psühhiaater
psychiatry	psühhiaatria
psychic	psüühiline
psychical	psüühiline
psychics	psühholoogia
psycho	psühho
psychoanalysis	psühhoanalüüs
psychoanalyst	psühhoanalüütik
psychobabble	psychobabble
psychological	psühholoogiline
psychologist	psühholoog
psychology	psühholoogia
psychopath	psühhopaat
psychopathic	psühhopaatiline
psychosis	psühhoos
psychosomatic	psühhosomaatiline
psychotherapy	psühhoteraapia
psychotic	psühhootiline
pterodactyl	pterodaktiil
ptsd	ptsd
pub	pubi
puberty	puberteet
pubes	pubes
pubescent	pubesentne
pubic	avalik
public	avalik
publication	avaldamine
publicist	reklaamija
publicity	reklaam
publicly	avalikult
publicspeaking	NO TRANSLATION
publish	avaldama
published	avaldatud
publisher	kirjastaja
publishing	kirjastamine
puck	kutt
pucker	pucker
pudding	puding
puddle	lõug
pudgy	pudgy
puff	puff
puffing	puffing
puffy	udune
pug	mops
puke	oksendama
pull	tõmmake
pulley	plokk
pullover	peatu
pulmonary	kopsu
pulp	paberimass
pulpit	kantsel
pulsar	pulsar
pulsation	pulsatsioon
pulse	impulss
puma	puma
pump	pump
pumped	pumbatakse
pumpkin	kõrvits
pun	NO TRANSLATION
punch	Punch
punched	purustatud
punching	mulgustamiseks
punchy	punchy
punctual	täpne
punctuality	täpsus
punctually	täpselt
punctuation	kirjavahemärgid
puncture	punktsioon
pundit	pundit
pungent	terav
punish	karistada
punishable	karistatav
punished	karistatud
punishing	karistamine
punishment	karistus
punitive	karistuslik
punk	punk
punt	punt
puny	väike
pup	poiss
pupil	õpilane
puppet	nukk
puppeteer	nukkpink
puppy	kutsikas
purchase	osta
purchaser	ostja
purchasing	ostmine
pure	puhas
purebliss	NO TRANSLATION
puree	püree
purely	puhtalt
purgatory	puhastaja
purge	puhastama
purification	puhastamine
purify	puhastage
purist	purist
purity	puhtus
purple	lilla
purport	mõte
purpose	eesmärgil
purposely	sihilikult
purr	purr
purring	purring
purse	rahakott
pursuance	järgimine
pursue	jätkake
pursuing	jätkates
pursuit	jälitamine
purveyor	tarnija
purview	ülevaade
pus	pool
push	suruge
pusher	tõukur
pushing	surudes
pushover	vallandamine
pushy	pingeline
puss	poiss
pussy	tuss
pussycat	pussycat
put	panna
putative	eeldatav
putrid	purjus
puts	paneb
putt	Putt
putter	putter
putty	kitt
puzzle	mõistatus
puzzled	hämmingus
puzzling	mõistatuslik
pygmy	pygmy
pylon	püll
pyramid	püramiid
pyramidal	püramidaalne
pyrotechnics	pürotehnika
python	python
quack	kummitama
quad	quad
quadrangle	neljaturg
quadrant	kvadrand
quadratic	kvadratuur
quadrature	kvadratuur
quadruple	neljakordne
quadrupole	kvadrupool
quagmire	kobaras
quail	vutt
quaint	omamoodi
quake	maavärin
qualifications	kvalifikatsioonid
qualified	kvalifitseeritud
qualify	kvalifitseeruma
qualifying	kvalifitseeruv
qualities	omadused
quality	kvaliteet
quandary	hämmastav
quantify	kvantifitseerida
quantitative	kvantitatiivne
quantitatively	kvantitatiivselt
quantity	kogus
quantum	kvant
quarantine	karantiin
quarrel	tüli
quarry	karjäär
quart	quart
quarter	kvartal
quarterback	Quarterback
quartered	quartered
quarterly	kord kvartalis
quartermaster	kullamajja
quarters	kvartalid
quartet	kvartett
quartile	kvartiil
quarto	NO TRANSLATION
quartz	kvarts
quash	kustutama
quasi	peaaegu
quaternary	kvaternaarne
quay	NO TRANSLATION
queasiness	karedus
queasy	järjekordne
queen	kuninganna
queer	kummaline
quell	vajutama
quench	kustutama
query	päring
quest	quest
question	küsimus
questionable	küsitav
questioning	küsitlemine
questionnaire	küsimustik
queue	järjekorda
queues	järjekorrad
quibble	Kibble
quiche	quiche
quick	kiire
quicken	kiirenema
quickie	kerge särk
quickly	kiiresti
quickness	kiirus
quicksand	liblikas
quicksilver	kitsümbris
quid	quid
quiescent	vaikne
quiet	vaikne
quietly	vaikselt
quill	quill
quilt	voodipesu
quince	kudoonia
quinine	kiniin
quintet	kvintett
quirk	kummitus
quirky	kohutav
quit	loobuge
quits	sulgub
quitter	NO TRANSLATION
quiver	värisema
quivering	värisema
quiz	viktoriin
quorum	kvoorum
quota	kvoot
quotation	tsitaat
quote	tsiteerida
quotes	tsitaat
quotient	osakaal
rabbi	rabbi
rabbit	Jänes
rabble	jama
rabid	kurb
rabies	marutaudi
raccoon	pesukaru
race	rass
racehorse	võidusõiduhobune
racer	võidusõitja
racetrack	võidusõit
racial	rassiline
racism	rassism
racist	rassistlik
rack	rack
racket	reket
racketeering	reket
racking	racking
racquetball	surnukeha
racy	kallis
radar	radar
radial	radiaalne
radiance	sära
radiant	kiirgusega
radiate	kiirgavad
radiation	kiirgus
radiator	radiaator
radical	radikaalne
radically	radikaalselt
radio	raadio
radioactive	radioaktiivne
radioactivity	radioaktiivsus
radiograph	radiograafia
radiography	radiograafia
radiologist	radioloog
radiology	radioloogia
radish	redis
radium	raadium
radius	raadius
radon	radoon
raffle	loosimine
raft	parv
rag	rag
rage	raev
ragemode	ragemode
ragetweet	NO TRANSLATION
ragged	röövitud
raggedy	räigus
raging	raevukas
rags	kaltsud
ragtime	ragtime
raid	RAID
raider	raider
rail	raudtee
railing	rööpad
railroad	raudtee
railway	raudtee
raiment	riietus
rain	vihm
rainbow	vikerkaar
rainbow trout	vikerforell
rainbows	vikerkaared
raincoat	vihmamantel
raindrops	vihmapiiskad
rainfall	vihmasadu
rainforest	vihmametsa
rainmaker	vihmametsa
rainstorm	vihma sadu
rainy	vihmane
rainyday	vihmane päev
raise	tõsta
raised	tõstetud
raisin	rosina
raising	tõstmine
rake	rake
rally	ralli
ram	ram
ramble	ramble
rambling	rambling
ramp	rambita
rampage	raputamine
rampant	ohjeldamatu
rampart	ramp
ramrod	ramrod
ranch	ranch
rancher	rabarber
rancid	hanestunud
random	juhuslikult
randomly	juhuslikult
randomness	juhuslikkus
randy	randy
range	vahemikus
ranger	ranger
rank	koht
ranking	järjestus
ransom	lunaraha
rant	rant
ranting	ranting
rap	rap
rape	vägistamine
rapid	kiire
rapidity	kiirus
rapids	kärestikud
rapist	röövija
rapper	räppar
rapping	raputamine
rapport	NO TRANSLATION
rapt	raputatud
raptor	raptor
raptors	raptorid
rapture	raputamine
rare	haruldane
rarely	harva
rarity	haruldus
rascal	raskal
rash	lööve
raspberries	vaarikad
raspberry	vaarikas
rat	rott
ratchet	põrkmeeter
rate	määra
ratification	ratifitseerimine
ratify	ratifitseerima
rating	hinnang
ratio	suhe
ration	ration
rational	ratsionaalne
rationale	põhjendus
rationalism	ratsionalism
rationality	ratsionaalsus
rationalize	ratsionaliseerida
rationing	normatiivne
rattan	rotangist
rattle	lööma
rattled	pisut
rattler	rattler
rattlesnake	rattlesnake
ratty	ratty
raucous	raukous
ravage	õnnetus
rave	märatsema
raven	Vares
ravenous	jõuline
ravine	oru
raving	raev
ravioli	ravioolid
ravishing	armuline
raw	toores
rawhide	toorjuust
rawr	rawr
ray	ray
razor	habemenuga
reach	jõudma
react	reageerima
reaction	reaktsioon
reactionary	reaktsiooniline
reactive	reaktiivne
reactor	reaktor
read	loe
reader	lugeja
readership	lugejaskond
readily	kergesti
readiness	valmisolek
reading	lugemine
readjustment	ümberkorraldamine
readout	Loe ette
ready	valmis
readytogo	valmis minema
reaffirm	kinnitada uuesti
reagent	reagent
real	reaalne
realism	realism
realist	realist
realistic	realistlik
reality	reaalsus
realization	realiseerimine
realize	mõistma
realm	kuningriik
realtor	kinnisvaramaakler
realty	kinnisvara
ream	raamis
reap	korja
reaper	niidumasin
reappear	taas ilmub
rear	taga
rearrange	ümber paigutama
rearrangement	ümberasustamine
reason	põhjus
reasonable	mõistlik
reasonableness	mõistlikkus
reasoning	põhjendus
reasons	põhjustel
reassemble	uuesti kokku panema
reassign	ümber jaotada
reassignment	ümberpaigutamine
reassurance	kindlustamine
reassure	kindlustage
reassured	kindlustatud
reassuring	rahustav
rebate	tagasimakse
rebel	mässulised
rebellion	ülestõusus
rebellious	mässumeelne
rebels	mässajad
rebirth	taassündimine
reboot	reboot
reborn	taassündinud
rebound	tagasilöök
rebuild	taastada
rebuke	karistama
rebut	ümber lükkama
rebuttal	vastumeelsus
recalcitrant	tagasihoidlik
recall	tagasikutsumine
recant	hülgama
recap	tagasivõtmine
recapture	tagasitulek
recast	uuesti sõnastada
recede	taanduma
receding	taandumas
receipt	kviitung
receipts	laekumised
receive	saada
received	saadud
receiver	vastuvõtja
receiving	vastuvõtmine
recent	hiljutised
receptacle	mahuti
reception	vastuvõtt
receptionist	vastuvõtu sekretär
receptive	vastuvõtlik
receptor	retseptor
recess	süvend
recesses	süvendid
recession	majanduslangus
recharge	laadige uuesti
recheck	uuesti kontrollida
recherche	NO TRANSLATION
recidivism	retsidiivsus
recipe	retsept
recipient	saaja
reciprocal	vastastikune
reciprocate	vastama
reciprocity	vastastikkus
recital	põhjendus
recitation	kirjutamine
recite	kuulake
reckless	hooletu
recklessness	hoolimatus
reckon	arvestama
reckoning	arvutamine
reclaim	tagasi nõuda
reclamation	taasväärtustamine
recline	kalduda
reclining	leegendamine
recluse	hülgama
recognition	tunnustamine
recognizable	äratuntav
recognize	tunnustama
recognized	tunnustatud
recoil	taanduma
recollect	mäleta
recollection	meelespea
recombinant	rekombinantne
recombination	rekombinatsioon
recommend	soovitame
recommendation	soovitus
recompense	hüvitis
recon	puhas
reconcile	leppima kokku
reconciliation	leppimine
reconfigure	ümber seadistama
reconnaissance	tutvumine
reconnect	taasühendada
reconsider	üle vaadata
reconsideration	uuesti läbivaatamine
reconstitution	lahustamine
reconstruct	rekonstrueerima
reconstruction	rekonstrueerimine
reconstructive	rekonstrueeriv
reconvene	uuesti kokku tulla
record	salvesta
recorder	salvestaja
recording	salvestamine
recount	loe edasi
recoup	hüvitama
recourse	õiguskaitsevahendid
recover	taastuma
recoverable	hüvitatakse
recovery	taastumine
recreate	taaselustada
recreation	puhkus
recreational	puhkeala
recruit	värbama
recruiter	värbaja
recruiting	värbamine
recruitment	värbamine
recruits	värbatud
rectal	rektaalne
rectangle	ristkülik
rectangular	ristkülikukujuline
rectification	parandamine
rectify	parandada
rector	rektor
rectory	rektore
rectum	rektum
recumbent	lamav
recuperation	taastamine
recur	korduma
recurrence	kordumine
recurrent	korduv
recurring	korduv
recursion	rekursioon
recursive	rekursiivne
recursively	rekursiivselt
recycle	taaskasutada
recycled	taaskasutatud
recycling	ringlussevõtt
red	punane
reddish	punakas
redecorate	redecorate
redeem	lunastama
redeemed	lunastatud
redemption	lunastus
redesign	ümber kujundada
redhead	punapea
redheaded	redheaded
redirect	ümbersuunamine
redneck	redneck
redness	punetus
redo	redo
redress	heastamine
reduce	vähendada
reduced	vähendatud
reduction	vähendamine
redundancy	koondamine
redundant	koondatud
redwood	Redwood
reed	pilliroog
reef	riff
reefer	külmutusseade
reefs	riffid
reek	reek
reel	rull
reelection	reelection
reeling	kallistamine
reenactment	taaskäivitamine
reentry	taassisenemine
reestablish	taastada
ref	ref
refer	viitama
referee	kohtunik
reference	viide
referendum	referendum
referral	suunamine
refill	täitke
refine	täpsustada
refined	rafineeritud
refinement	viimistlemine
refinery	rafineerimistehas
refining	rafineerimine
refit	paigaldada
reflect	peegeldama
reflecting	peegeldav
reflection	peegeldus
reflective	peegeldav
reflector	peegeldaja
reflex	refleks
reflux	tagasijooksutemperatuur
reform	reformi
reformation	reformatsioon
reformer	reformer
refraction	murdumine
refractor	refraktor
refractory	tulekindel
refrain	hoiduma
refraining	hoiduma
refresh	värskenda
refreshed	värskendati
refreshing	värskendav
refreshment	värskendamine
refrigerate	külmkapis
refrigeration	külmutamine
refrigerator	külmik
refuel	tankige
refuge	varjupaik
refugee	pagulane
refund	tagasimakse
refurbish	renoveerige
refusal	keeldumine
refuse	keelduda
refused	keeldus
refusing	keeldudes
refutation	ümberlükkamine
refute	ümber lükata
regain	taastada
regal	Regal
regalia	regaliaid
regard	pidage meeles
regatta	regati
regency	Regency
regenerate	taastage
regeneration	regenereerimine
regent	Regent
reggae	reggae
regime	režiim
regimen	režiim
regiment	rügement
regimental	rügement
region	piirkond
regional	piirkondlik
regionalism	regionaalsus
register	registreeruge
registrar	registripidaja
registration	registreerimine
registry	registrisse
regress	tagasiminek
regression	regressioon
regressive	regressiivne
regret	kahetsusväärne
regretful	kahetsusväärne
regrettable	kahetsusväärne
regretted	kahetsusväärne
regretting	kahetsusväärne
regroup	grupeerige
regular	korrapärane
regularity	regulaarsus
regulars	püsiliinid
regulate	reguleerida
regulated	reguleeritud
regulation	määrus
regulator	regulaator
regulatory	regulatiivne
regurgitation	tagasivoolus
rehab	rehabilitatsioon
rehabilitate	rehabilitatsiooni
rehabilitation	taastusravi
rehash	rehash
rehearsal	proovikivi
rehearse	taastama
reign	valitsema
reigning	valitsev
reimburse	hüvitama
reimbursement	hüvitamine
rein	vőtma
reincarnation	reinkarnatsioon
reindeer	põhjapõder
reinforce	tugevdada
reinforcement	tugevdamine
reinforcements	tugevdused
reins	sõrmed
reinstall	uuesti installida
reinstate	taastage uuesti
reinstatement	taastamine
reinvest	reinvesteerida
reinvestment	reinvesteerimine
reiterate	kinnitage uuesti
reject	tagasi lükata
rejected	tagasi lükatud
rejection	tagasilükkamine
rejects	lükkab tagasi
rejoice	rõõmutsege
rejoicing	rõõmus
rejoin	ühineda uuesti
rejuvenate	noorendama
rejuvenated	noorendanud
rekindle	taastumine
relapse	taastumine
relate	seotud
related	seotud
relation	suhe
relationship	suhe
relative	sugulane
relativity	relatiivsus
relax	lõõgastuda
relaxant	lõõgastav
relaxation	lõõgastumine
relaxed	lõdvestunud
relaxing	lõõgastav
relay	relee
release	vabastama
released	vabastatud
relegation	alandamine
relentless	kohutav
relevance	asjakohasus
relevancy	asjakohasus
relevant	asjakohane
reliability	usaldusväärsus
reliable	usaldusväärne
reliance	sõltuvus
relic	reliikvia
relics	reliktid
relief	kergendamine
relieve	vabasta
relieved	kergendust tundev
relieving	vabastav
relight	relill
religion	religioon
religious	religioosne
relinquish	loobuma
relish	meeldib
relive	relive
reload	uuesti laadida
relocate	ümber paigutada
relocation	ümberpaigutamine
reluctance	vastumeelsus
reluctant	vastumeelselt
rely	tugineda
remain	jääma
remainder	ülejäänu
remaining	ülejäänud
remains	jäänused
remake	uuenda
remand	kinnipidamiskohustus
remark	Märkus
remarkable	tähelepanuväärne
remarkably	tähelepanuväärselt
remarry	abielulahutus
rematch	rematch
remedial	heastav
remedy	parandus
remember	mäleta
remembered	meelde
remembering	meenutades
remembrance	mälestus
remind	tuleta meelde
reminder	meeldetuletus
reminisce	meenutagem
reminiscent	meenutades
reminiscing	reminiscing
remiss	viga
remission	remissioon
remit	üleandmine
remittance	rahaülekanne
remnant	jääk
remodel	remodel
remorse	kahetsus
remorseful	kahetsusväärne
remote	kaugjuhtimispult
remoteness	kaugus
removal	eemaldus
remove	eemaldada
remover	eemaldaja
remuneration	tasu
renaissance	renessanss
renal	neerukahjustus
rencontre	NO TRANSLATION
rend	NO TRANSLATION
render	renderdada
rendering	renderdamine
rendezvous	kohtumispaik
rendition	üleviimine
renegade	Renegade
renegotiate	uuesti läbi rääkima
renew	uuenda
renewal	uuendamine
renounce	loobuma
renovate	renoveerige
renovated	renoveeritud
renovation	renoveerimine
renown	tuntust
renowned	tuntud
rent	rent
rental	laenutus
renter	üürnik
renunciation	loobumine
reopen	uuesti avada
reorganization	ümberkorraldamine
reorganize	ümberkorraldamine
rep	esindaja
repaint	ümber värvima
repair	remont
repairman	remondimees
reparation	hüvitamine
repay	tagasi maksta
repayment	tagasimaksmine
repeal	kehtetuks tunnistada
repeat	korrake
repeated	kordus
repeatedly	korduvalt
repeater	kordur
repel	tõrjuma
repellant	repellant
repellent	tõrjuv
repelling	tõrjuv
repent	meelt parandama
repentance	meeleparandus
repentant	meeleparandus
repertoire	repertuaar
repertory	repertuaar
repetition	kordamine
repetitive	korduv
rephrase	ümber fraasida
replace	asendada
replacement	asendamine
replay	replay
replenish	täiendada
replete	täis
replica	koopia
replicate	kopeerima
replication	replikatsioon
reply	vastus
report	aruanne
reported	teatatud
reporter	Reporter
repose	puhkama
reposition	ümberpaigutamine
repository	hoidla
repossess	tagasivõtmine
reprehensible	saatuslik
represent	esindama
representation	esindatus
representative	esindaja
represented	esindatud
representing	esindavad
repress	represseerima
repressed	represseeritud
repression	repressioonid
reprieve	tagasilükkamine
reprimand	noomitus
reprint	kordustrükk
reprisal	repressioon
reprise	reprise
reproach	etteheide
reproduce	paljundada
reproduction	paljundamine
reproductive	reproduktiivne
reprogram	ümberprogrammeerimine
reptile	roomaja
republic	Vabariik
republican	vabariiklik
repudiation	loobumine
repugnance	vastumeelsus
repugnant	häbiväärne
repulsion	tagasilöök
repulsive	kohutav
repurchase	tagasiostmine
reputable	hea mainega
reputation	maine
repute	maine
reputed	tuntud
request	taotlus
requiem	requiem
require	nõuda
required	nõutud
requirement	nõue
requisite	nõutav
requisition	rekvireerimine
reread	loe edasi
reroute	ümbersõitu
rerun	uuenda uuesti
reschedule	ümberpaigutamine
rescind	loobuma
rescission	tühistamine
rescue	päästetööd
research	uuringud
researcher	teadlane
resection	resektsioon
resemblance	sarnasus
resemble	sarnanevad
resembling	meenutades
resent	pahaks
resentful	kohutav
resentment	pahameele
reservation	broneerimine
reserve	reservi
reserved	reserveeritud
reserves	reservid
reservoir	reservuaar
reset	lähtestamine
reside	elada
residence	elukoht
residences	elukohad
residency	residentuur
resident	resident
residential	elamu
residual	jääk
residue	jääk
resign	tagasi astuma
resignation	tagasiastumine
resigned	astus tagasi
resilience	vastupidavus
resilient	vastupidav
resin	vaiguga
resist	vastupanu
resistance	vastupanu
resistant	vastupidav
resisting	vastupanu
resistive	takistuslik
resolute	otsustav
resolutely	otsustavalt
resolution	resolutsioon
resolve	lahendada
resolved	lahendatud
resonance	resonants
resonant	resonants
resonate	resoneerima
resonator	resonaator
resort	kuurort
resounding	kõlav
resource	ressurss
resourceful	leidlik
resources	ressursse
respect	austama
respectability	sallivus
respectable	salliv
respected	austatud
respectful	lugupidav
respecting	austades
respective	vastav
respects	austust
respiration	hingamine
respirator	respiraator
respiratory	hingamisteed
respite	aeglustada
resplendent	õnnelik
respond	vastama
respondent	vastaja
response	vastus
responsibility	vastutus
responsible	vastutav
responsive	reageeriv
rest	puhata
restart	Taaskäivita
restaurant	restoran
rested	puhkad
restful	rahulik
restitution	tagastamine
restless	rahutu
restlessness	rahutus
restock	taaskasutaja
restoration	taastamine
restorative	taastav
restore	taastama
restored	taastatud
restoring	taastamine
restrain	piirata
restrained	piiratud
restraining	piirata
restraint	piirang
restrict	piirata
restricted	piiratud
restriction	piirang
restrictive	piirav
restroom	tualettruum
result	tulemus
resultant	sellest tulenev
resume	Jätka
resumption	jätkamine
resurrect	taaselustada
resurrection	ülestõusmine
resuscitate	elustada
resuscitation	elustamine
retail	jaekaubandus
retailer	jaemüüja
retain	säilitada
retainer	hoidja
retaining	säilitamine
retake	taaskäivitage
retaliate	vastumeelsus
retaliation	kättemaksu
retaliatory	vastumeelsus
retard	hälvik
retardation	aeglustumine
retarded	aeglustunud
retards	aeglustab
retention	kinnipidamine
retentive	retentive
rethink	mõtle uuesti
reticent	reticent
retina	võrkkesta
retinal	võrkkesta
retire	pensionile minema
retired	pensionil
retirement	pensionile jäämine
retiring	pensionile jäämine
retold	ütle uuesti
retort	retort
retrace	tagasivõtmine
retract	tagasi tõmbama
retraction	tagasitõmbumine
retractor	tõmbur
retreat	taganema
retrenchment	retrenchment
retrial	kohtuprotsess uuesti läbi
retribution	karistamine
retrieval	väljavõte
retrieve	väljavõtte tegemine
retriever	retriiver
retro	retro
retroactive	tagasiulatuvad
retrograde	tagasiulatuvalt
retrospect	tagasi vaadates
retrospective	tagasiulatuvalt
retrospectively	tagasiulatuvalt
return	tagasi
reunion	taasühinemine
reunite	taasühendada
reunited	taasühendatud
rev	rev
reveal	paljastavad
revel	revel
revelation	ilmutus
revelations	ilmutused
revels	revels
revenge	kättemaksu
revenue	tulu
reverberation	reverberatsioon
revere	austama
reverence	lugupidamine
reverend	auväärne
reverent	aupartlik
reverie	reverie
reversal	pöördumine
reverse	tagurpidi
reversion	tagasipöördumine
revert	tagasi pöörduma
reverting	tagasipöördumine
review	läbi vaadata
reviewer	ülevaataja
revise	üle vaadata
revision	läbivaatamine
revisit	uuesti vaatama
revival	taaselustamine
revive	taaselustada
revocation	tühistamine
revoke	tühistada
revolt	mäss
revolting	mässuline
revolution	revolutsioon
revolutionary	revolutsiooniline
revolutionize	revolutsiooniliselt
revolve	pöörlema
revolver	revolver
revolving	pöörlev
revue	revue
revulsion	revultsus
revving	revving
reward	auhind
rewarding	rahuldust pakkuv
rewind	tagasikerimine
rewire	rewire
rewrite	uuesti kirjutama
rhapsody	rapsoodia
rhetoric	retoorika
rhetorical	retooriline
rheumatism	reumaatika
rhinestone	rhinestone
rhino	rhino
rhinoceros	ninasarvik
rhubarb	rabarber
rhyme	riim
rhyming	riimimine
rhythm	rütm
rhythmic	rütmiline
rhythmical	rütmiline
rib	ribi
ribbed	ribbed
ribbon	Pael
rice	riis
rich	rikas
riches	rikkused
richness	rikkus
rick	Rick
rickety	pisut
rickshaw	rickshaw
ricochet	ricochet
rid	lahti
riddance	riddance
riddle	mõistatus
riddled	riidutatud
ride	sõita
rider	rattur
ridge	ridge
ridicule	naeruvääristamine
ridiculed	naeruväärne
ridiculous	naeruväärne
riding	ratsutama
rife	rife
riff	riff
riffraff	riffraff
rifle	vintpüssi
rifleman	rifleman
rifles	vintpüssi
rift	rift
rig	seade
rigged	võltsitud
rigging	taglasega
right	õige
righteous	õige
righteousness	õiglus
rightful	õigustatud
rightly	õigesti
righty	parem
rigid	jäik
rigidity	jäikus
rigor	rangus
rigorous	rangelt
rim	velg
rind	koorik
ring	ringi
ringer	helin
ringing	helin
ringleader	sõrmejälg
ringmaster	ringmaster
ringside	ringside
rink	võidusõit
rinse	loputama
riot	mäss
rioting	mässud
riotous	raputus
riots	mässud
rip	Puhka rahus
riparian	merepiirkond
ripe	küps
ripen	valmima
ripening	valmimine
ripper	Ripper
ripple	pulsatsioon
rippling	ripping
rise	tõuseb
rising	tõuseb
risk	risk
risky	riskantne
risotto	risotto
rite	riitus
ritual	rituaal
ritualistic	rituaalne
rival	rivaal
rivalry	rivaalitsemine
river	jõgi
riverbank	Jõekallas
riverbed	jõesäng
riverboat	jõeveelaev
rivet	neet
riveted	riivitud
riveting	neetimine
roach	rook
road	tee
roadblock	teetõkked
roadhouse	roadhouse
roadie	roadie
roadrage	NO TRANSLATION
roadrunner	roadrunner
roads	teedel
roadside	teedel
roadster	rodster
roadtrip	rännak
roadway	sõidutee
roadworks	teetööd
roam	rändlema
roar	möirgama
roaring	müra
roast	praadima
roasted	röstitud
rob	röövima
robber	röövija
robbery	röövimine
robe	riietuma
robin	robin
robot	robot
robotic	robot
robotics	robootika
robust	tugev
roc	roc
rock	kivi
rocker	kummardus
rocket	raketi
rocks	kivid
rod	rod
rodent	näriline
rodeo	rodeo
roe	roo
rogue	petturitest
role	rolli
roll	rullima
roller	rull
rollercoaster	Ameerika mäed
rollers	rullid
rollicking	rollicking
rolling	veeretamine
roman	romanlik
romance	romantikat
romantic	romantiline
romanticism	romantika
romp	jama
roof	katus
rooftop	katusel
rook	kukk
rookie	rookie
room	tuba
roomful	toaline
roommate	toakaaslane
rooms	toad
roomy	mahukas
roost	roost
rooster	kukk
root	juur
root beer	root õlut
rooted	juurdunud
rope	köis
ropes	köied
rosary	roosiaari
rose	tõusis
rosemary	rosmariin
rosette	rosett
roster	nimekiri
rosy	roosiline
rot	mädanema
rota	rota
rotary	pöörlevad
rotate	pöörata
rotation	pöörlemine
rote	rote
rotor	rootor
rotten	mädanenud
rotting	mädanenud
rotunda	rotunda
rouge	rouge
rough	karm
roughly	umbkaudu
roughneck	roughneck
roughness	karedus
roulette	rulett
round	ümmargune
roundabout	ringtee
rounded	ümardatud
roundup	kokku võtma
rouse	ärritus
rouser	rouser
rousing	ärritamine
rout	jooksma
route	tee
routine	rutiinne
rove	roovima
rover	rover
roving	roving
row	rida
rowboat	sõudepaat
rowdy	vilets
rowing	sõudmine
royal	kuninglik
royalty	autoritasu
rub	hõõruda
rubber	kumm
rubbers	kummid
rubbing	hõõrudes
rubbish	prügi
rubble	kruus
rubdown	maalimine
rubric	rubriik
ruby	rubiin
ruckus	Ruckus
rudder	rool
ruddy	roosakas
rude	ebaviisakas
rudeness	ebaviisakus
rudimentary	algeline
rudiments	algused
rue	rue
rueful	kallis
ruff	kummutama
ruffian	rähiline
ruffle	rätik
rug	vaip
rugby	ragbi
rugged	karm
ruin	rikkuma
ruination	purustamine
ruined	rikutud
ruinous	hävitav
ruins	varemed
rule	reegel
ruler	joonlaud
ruling	otsus
rum	rumm
rumba	rumba
rumble	hõiskama
rummage	rummage
rumor	kuulujutt
rumored	kuulujutud
rump	koormus
rumpus	rumpus
run	jooksma
runaround	ringi joosta
runaway	jookse minema
rundown	hooletussejäetud
runes	runes
rung	rung
runner	jooksja
running	töötab
running shoes	jooksukingad
runny	vesine
runt	NO TRANSLATION
runway	raja
rupture	rebenemine
rural	maal
ruse	NO TRANSLATION
rush	kiirustama
rushing	tormasid
rust	rooste
rusted	roostetud
rustic	maalähedane
rustle	ruske
rustler	rustler
rusty	roostes
rut	jooksma
ruth	rutt
ruthless	halastamatu
rye	rukis
sabbatical	sabatiline
saber	NO TRANSLATION
sable	sabel
sabotage	sabotaaž
saboteur	saboteerija
sac	kott
sack	kott
sacrament	sakramend
sacred	püha
sacrifice	ohverdama
sacrifices	ohverdused
sacrificial	ohverdama
sacrilege	jumalakartus
sacrilegious	jumalakartlik
sad	kurb
sadday	NO TRANSLATION
saddens	saddens
saddle	sadul
sadist	sadist
sadistic	sadistlik
sadly	kahjuks
sadness	kurbus
safari	safari
safe	ohutu
safeguard	kaitsta
safekeeping	hoidmine
safety	ohutus
saffron	safran
sag	sag
saga	saga
sage	salvei
saggy	saggy
sail	purjetama
sailboat	purjekas
sailing	purjetamine
sailor	meremees
saint	pühak
sainted	pühitsetud
saintly	püha
sake	sake
salad	salat
salamander	salamander
salami	salami
salary	palk
sale	müük
salesgirl	Müügiesindaja
salesman	müügimees
salient	tähelepanuväärne
saline	soolalahusega
saliva	sülg
sally	sally
salmon	lõhe
salmonella	salmonella
salon	salong
saloon	salong
salsa	salsa
salt	sool
salted	soolatud
saltwater	soolane vesi
salty	soolane
salutary	tervitatav
salutation	tervitus
salute	au andma
salvage	päästmine
salvation	lunastus
salve	salv
samba	samba
sameness	sarnasus
sample	valim
samurai	samurai
sanatorium	sanatoorium
sanctification	pühitsemine
sanctified	pühitsetud
sanctify	pühitsema
sanctimonious	pühalik
sanction	sanktsioon
sanctioned	karistatakse
sanctity	pühadus
sanctuary	pühakoda
sanctum	jumalakartus
sand	liiv
sandal	sandaal
sandbox	liivakasti
sander	lihvmasin
sandman	liivaja
sandpaper	liivapaber
sands	liivad
sandstorm	liivakivi
sandwich	võileib
sandy	liivane
sane	mõistlik
sanguine	sageline
sanitarium	sanitarium
sanitary	sanitaartehnika
sanitation	kanalisatsioon
sanity	tervislikkus
sans	NO TRANSLATION
santa	santa
sap	sap
sapiens	sapiens
sapphire	safiir
sappy	maitsev
sarcasm	sarkasm
sarcastic	sarkastiline
sarcoma	sarkoom
sarcophagus	sarkofaag
sardine	sardiin
sardonic	sardooniline
sarsaparilla	sarsaparilla
sash	vöö
sashimi	sashimi
sassafras	sassafras
sassy	ninakas
satanic	saatanlik
satchel	rätik
sate	NO TRANSLATION
satellite	satelliit
satin	satiin
satire	satiir
satirical	satiiriline
satisfaction	rahulolu
satisfactorily	rahuldavalt
satisfactory	rahuldav
satisfied	rahuldatud
satisfy	rahuldada
satisfying	rahuldav
saturate	küllastunud
saturated	küllastunud
saturation	küllastus
satyr	satyr
sauce	kaste
saucepan	söögikartul
saucer	alustassi
saucy	kallis
sauerkraut	hapukapsas
sauna	saun
sausage	vorsti
savage	metsik
savagery	taevas
savanna	savanna
savannah	savannah
savant	savant
save	salvestage
saver	saver
saving	säästmine
savings	kokkuhoid
savior	päästja
savor	lõhnama
savory	maitsev
savvy	savvy
saw	Saag
sawdust	saepuru
sawmill	saeveski
sax	Saksa keel
saxophone	saksofon
say	öelda
sayonara	NO TRANSLATION
scab	kook
scabbard	küünlajalg
scaffold	tellingud
scaffolding	tellingud
scalding	kõrvetamine
scale	skaala
scales	kaalud
scallop	kammkarp
scalp	peanahk
scalpel	skalpell
scaly	pinnatud
scam	pettus
scamp	sang
scampi	scampi
scan	skaneeri
scandal	skandaal
scandalous	skandaalne
scanner	skanner
scanty	napp
scape	maastik
scapegoat	pattutuslaager
scar	armima
scarab	skarabeen
scarce	vähe
scarcely	vaevalt
scarcity	nappus
scare	hirmutada
scarecrow	kallis
scared	karda
scares	hirmud
scarf	sall
scarier	hirmsam
scariest	kõige õnnelikum
scarlet	punane
scary	hirmutav
scat	scat
scatter	hajuma
scattered	hajutatud
scattering	hajumine
scavenger	püüdur
scenario	stsenaarium
scene	stseen
scenery	maastik
scenic	maaliline
scent	lõhna
scented	lõhnav
scepter	skepter
sceptical	skeptiline
scepticism	skeptitsism
schadenfreude	schadenfreude
schedule	ajakava
schematic	skemaatiline
scheme	skeem
schilling	šillingi
schism	lõhe
schizophrenia	skisofreenia
schizophrenic	skisofreeniline
schlep	Schlep
schmuck	NO TRANSLATION
schnapps	schnapps
schnitzel	šnitsel
scholar	teadlane
scholarly	teaduslikult
scholarship	stipendium
scholastic	õpetlik
school	kooli
schoolboy	kooliõpilane
schoolgirl	koolitüdruk
schoolhouse	koolimaja
schooling	koolitus
schoolmaster	kooliõpetaja
schoolteacher	NO TRANSLATION
schoolwork	koolitöö
schoolyard	koolihoone
schooner	šahaaž
sciatica	ishias
science	teadus
scientific	teaduslik
scientist	teadlane
scifi	scifi
scintilla	NO TRANSLATION
scintillating	sädelev
scintillation	stsintillatsioon
scintillator	stsintilator
scion	kallis
scissors	käärid
scoff	jama
scold	kuratama
scolding	viskamine
scone	Scone
scoop	kühvel
scoot	jama
scooter	roller
scope	ulatus
scorch	kõrvetama
scorching	kõrvetav
score	skoor
scoreboard	tulemustabel
scorer	pallur
scores	hinded
scorn	kurjus
scorned	pettunud
scornful	petmine
scorpion	skorpion
scotch	scotch
scoundrel	pettumus
scour	puhastage
scourge	nuhtlus
scout	Skaut
scowl	kummitus
scrabble	jama
scram	scram
scramble	naerma
scrambled	pisut
scrambler	skrambleerija
scrambling	skrambleerimine
scrap	jäägid
scrapbook	külalisteraamatusse
scrape	kraabima
scrapie	skreipi
scraping	kraapides
scrappy	raiskama
scratch	kriimustus
scratchy	kriimustus
scrawny	kõhn
scream	karjuma
screamer	karjane
screaming	karjuvad
screech	screech
screen	ekraan
screening	sõelumine
screenplay	stsenaarium
screenwriter	stsenarist
screw	kruvi
screwball	screwball
screwdriver	kruvikeeraja
screwed	keeratud
screwy	jama
screwyou	NO TRANSLATION
scribble	kirjutama
scribe	kirjutaja
scrimmage	kisklemine
scrip	kiri
script	skript
scriptural	pühakiri
scripture	pühakiri
scroll	sirvige
scrotum	munandikotti
scrounge	hirmutama
scrounger	Scrounger
scrub	puhastama
scruffy	kollakas
scrumptious	naljakas
scrupulous	hoolikas
scrutinize	uurima
scrutiny	kontrollimine
scuba	alasti
scuff	kühveldamine
scuffle	kutt
scullery	kööginurk
sculptor	skulptor
sculpture	skulptuur
sculptured	skulptureeritud
scum	saast
scumbag	scumbag
scurry	viskama
scurvy	loorberi
scuttle	kobar
sea	meri
seaboard	mereäärne ala
seafood	mereannid
seagull	kajakas
seal	pitser
seals	tihendid
seam	õmblus
seaman	meremees
seamless	õmblusteta
seamstress	õmblusmasin
seaport	meresadamad
sear	otsa
search	otsing
searching	otsimine
searchlight	prožektor
seared	istuv
seashore	mererand
seasick	merepõhja
seaside	mere ääres
season	hooaeg
seasonal	hooajaline
seasoned	maitsestatud
seasoning	maitsestamine
seat	istekoht
seatbelt	turvavöö
seating	istekohad
seawater	merevesi
seaweed	merevetikad
sec	sek
secession	eraldumine
secluded	üksildane
seclusion	isolatsioon
second	teine
second cousin	teine ​​sugulane
secondary	sekundaarne
secondhand	taaskasutatud
secrecy	saladust
secret	saladus
secretariat	sekretariaat
secretary	sekretär
secrete	sekreteerige
secretion	sekretsioon
secretive	salajane
secretly	salaja
sect	sektsioon
sectarian	sektantlik
section	jaotis
sectional	sektsiooniline
sector	sektor
secular	ilmalik
secularism	ilmalikkus
secure	turvaline
securities	väärtpaberid
security	turvalisus
sedan	NO TRANSLATION
sedate	rahutu
sedation	rahustid
sedative	rahustav
sedentary	istuv
sedge	sääre
sediment	settimine
sedimentary	setted
sedition	relv
seduce	meelitama
seducer	seducer
seducing	seducing
seduction	võrgutamine
seductive	võrgutav
see	vaata
seed	seeme
seedling	seemikud
seeds	seemned
seedy	sügav
seek	otsima
seeker	otsija
seem	tundub
seemingly	näiliselt
seer	nägija
seesaw	nägemine
seething	hõivas
segment	segmendis
segregate	eraldama
segregated	eraldatud
segregation	eraldamine
seismic	seismiline
seize	ära võtma
seizure	krambid
seldom	harva
select	vali
selection	valik
selective	selektiivne
selectman	valija
selenium	seleen
self	ise
selfharm	NO TRANSLATION
selfish	isekas
selfishness	isekus
selfless	enesekindel
selflove	NO TRANSLATION
selfworth	NO TRANSLATION
sell	müüa
seller	müüja
sellout	müük
seltzer	Seltzer
semantics	semantika
semaphore	semafor
semblance	nägemus
semen	sperma
semester	semester
semi	osaliselt
semiautomatic	NO TRANSLATION
semicolon	semikoolon
seminal	seminal
seminar	seminar
seminary	seminaril
semiotics	semiootika
senate	senat
senator	senator
send	saada
sender	saatja
senescence	vananemine
senile	seniilne
senior	vanem
seniority	tööstaaž
senor	senor
senorita	senorita
sensation	tunne
sensational	sensatsiooniline
sense	meel
senseless	mõttetu
senses	meeli
sensibility	tundlikkus
sensible	mõistlik
sensibly	mõistlikult
sensitive	tundlik
sensitivity	tundlikkus
sensor	andur
sensory	sensoorne
sensual	sensuaalne
sensuality	sensuaalsus
sensuous	meeleline
sentence	lause
sentencing	süüdimõistmine
sentient	vaimne
sentiment	tunne
sentimental	sentimentaalne
sentimentality	sentimentaalsus
sentinel	sentinell
sentry	valvur
separable	eraldatav
separate	eraldi
separately	eraldi
separation	eraldamine
separatist	separatistlik
sepia	sepia
sepsis	sepsis
sept	sept
septic	septiline
septum	vahesein
sequel	järge
sequence	järjestus
sequent	järjestikune
sequestered	eraldatud
sequestration	sekvestreerimine
serenade	serenaad
serendipity	serendipity
serene	rahulik
serenity	rahulikkus
sergeant	sergeant
serial	seerianumber
serialize	serialize
series	seeria
serif	serif
serious	tõsine
seriousness	tõsidus
sermon	jutlus
serpent	madu
serpentine	serpentine
serrated	pinnatud
serum	seerum
servant	sulane
serve	teenima
server	server
service	teenus
serviceable	töökindel
servile	salajane
servitude	servituut
sesame	seesam
sess	NO TRANSLATION
session	seanss
sessions	istungid
set	seatud
setback	tagasilöök
sett	NO TRANSLATION
setter	setter
settle	asuda
settled	arveldatud
settlement	arveldamine
settler	asustaja
settlor	asutaja
setup	seadistamine
seven	seitse
seventeen	seitseteist
seventh	seitsmes
seventy	seitsekümmend
sever	lahku
severable	eraldatav
severally	solidaarselt
severance	lahkumishüvitis
severe	tõsine
severely	tõsiselt
severity	raskusastet
sew	õmblema
sewage	kanalisatsioon
sewer	kanalisatsioon
sewerage	kanalisatsioon
sewing	õmblemine
sex	sugu
sexist	seksistlik
sexual	seksuaalne
sexuality	seksuaalsus
sexy	seksikas
shabby	raputatud
shack	varras
shackle	varras
shade	varju
shades	toonid
shading	varjuline
shadow	vari
shadowy	varjuline
shady	varjuline
shaft	võll
shag	libisemine
shaggy	lillakas
shake	raputama
shakedown	raiskamine
shaken	loksutatakse
shaker	shaker
shaking	raputades
shaky	lollakas
shall	peab
shallow	madal
shallows	madalad
sham	laitmatu
shaman	šamaan
shambles	häbeme
shame	häbi
shamed	häbistatud
shameful	häbiväärne
shameless	häbitu
shampoo	šampoon
shanghai	Shanghai
shank	vars
shanty	lühike
shape	kuju
shapely	vormikas
shard	shard
share	jagada
shareholder	aktsionär
sharing	jagamine
shark	haid
sharp	terav
sharpen	teritama
sharpened	teritatud
sharpener	teritaja
sharpness	teravus
sharpshooter	võitleja
shatter	hävitama
shattered	purustatud
shattering	puruneja
shave	raseerima
shaver	pardel
shaving	raseerimine
shawl	sall
sheaf	kook
shear	nihutama
shears	käärid
sheath	ümbris
sheathing	ümbris
shed	shed
sheen	läige
sheep	lambad
sheepdog	lambakoer
sheepish	tüdinenud
sheer	õhuke
sheet	leht
sheik	sheik
shelf	riiul
shell	kest
shellfish	karbid
shelling	koorimine
shelter	varjupaik
sheltered	kaitstud
shelters	varjupaigad
shelved	riiul
shepherd	karjane
sherbet	šerbett
sheriff	šerif
sherry	šerri
shield	kilp
shift	nihe
shifting	üleminek
shifty	pisike
shilling	šilling
shimmer	sädelemine
shimmering	pimestamine
shimmy	kullake
shin	põsed
shindig	shindig
shine	särama
shiner	peegeldaja
shingle	sindli
shining	särav
shiny	läikiv
ship	laeva
shipment	saadetis
shipping	laevandus
shipshape	laevahape
shipwreck	laevahukus
shipyard	laevatehas
shire	shire
shirt	särk
shit	jama
shitday	NO TRANSLATION
shitfaced	jama
shithead	jalutuskepp
shitless	jama
shitload	koorma
shittest	NO TRANSLATION
shitty	tüdruk
shiver	jama
shivering	värisemine
shoals	varjab
shock	šokk
shocked	šokeeritud
shocker	šokk
shocking	šokeeriv
shockingly	šokeerivalt
shoddy	vilets
shoe	jalats
shoelace	rätik
shoemaker	kingsepp
shoes	kingad
shoeshine	kingihine
shook	raputas
shoot	tulistama
shooter	laskur
shooting	laskmine
shootout	shootout
shop	pood
shopkeeper	poeskäija
shoplifter	poesõiduk
shoplifting	poevargused
shopper	poeskäija
shopping	ostmine
shore	kallas
shoreline	rannajoon
shorn	põlenud
short	lühike
short story	novell
shortage	puudus
shortcake	lühikekas
shortcoming	puudus
shortcut	otsetee
shorten	lühendada
shortening	lühendamine
shorthand	stenogramm
shortly	varsti
shortness	pingutus
shorts	lühikesed püksid
shortstop	lühikesed püksid
shortwave	lühikese lainega
shot	tulistas
shotgun	pistmik
shoulder	õla
shout	hüüdma
shove	panema
shovel	kühveldamine
shoveling	shoveling
show	näidata
showbiz	showbiz
showboat	showboat
showcase	vitriin
showdown	showdown
shower	dušš
showgirl	showgirl
showing	näidates
showoff	kiidukukk
showroom	müügisalongis
showy	nägus
shrapnel	šrapnell
shred	purustatud
shrew	kukkuma
shrewd	nutikad
shriek	kummitama
shrill	jama
shrimp	krevetid
shrine	pühamu
shrink	kahaneb
shrinking	väheneb
shrivel	hõõruda
shroud	varikatus
shrub	põõsas
shrubbery	põõsastik
shrug	naeratas
shrunk	vähenenud
shrunken	lagunenud
shudder	ahis
shuddering	hirmus
shuffle	segage
shuffleboard	shuffleboard
shuffling	segamine
shun	vältima
shunned	shunned
shunt	shunt
shut	kinni
shutdown	Lülita välja
shuteye	NO TRANSLATION
shutit	NO TRANSLATION
shutter	katik
shuttle	bussiliin
shutup	NO TRANSLATION
shy	häbelik
shyness	häbelikkus
shyster	šüster
sib	NO TRANSLATION
sibling	vend
sic	sic
sick	haige
sickbay	haiglane
sicken	haige
sickening	sickening
sickle	sirp
sickly	haiglane
sickness	haigus
side	külg
sidearm	äärekivi
sidebar	külgriba
sideboard	riidekapp
sideburns	külgärusi
sidecar	külghaagis
sidekick	sidekick
sideline	kõrvaltegevus
sideshow	külgsõnastik
sidestep	lahkuma
sidewalk	kõnniteel
sideways	külgsuunas
sidewinder	sidewinder
siege	piiramisrõngas
siesta	Siesta
sieve	sõela
sift	sõeluma
sifting	sõelumine
sigh	hingama
sight	vaatepilt
sighting	nägemine
sightseeing	vaatamisväärsused
sigma	Sigma
sign	märk
signal	signaal
signature	allkiri
significance	tähtsus
significant	märkimisväärne
signification	tähendus
signify	tähistavad
signpost	vihik
silence	vaikus
silencer	summuti
silent	vaikne
silently	vaikselt
silhouette	siluett
silicon	räni
silicone	silikoon
silk	siid
silken	siidine
silky	siidine
sill	alusnõel
silliness	hullus
silly	rumal
silo	silo
silt	muda
silver	hõbe
silverware	õlasidemed
silvery	hõbedane
similar	sarnane
similarity	sarnasus
simile	NO TRANSLATION
simmer	keeda
simmering	keetmine
simple	lihtne
simples	NO TRANSLATION
simpleton	ükskord
simplicity	lihtsus
simplify	lihtsustama
simplistic	lihtsustatud
simply	lihtsalt
simulate	simuleerima
simulated	simuleeritud
simulating	simuleerides
simulation	simulatsioon
simulator	simulaator
simultaneous	samaaegne
simultaneously	samaaegselt
sin	NO TRANSLATION
sincere	siiras
sincerity	siirus
sinful	patune
sing	laulda
singer	laulja
singing	laulmine
single	üksi
singly	üksi
singular	ainsus
singularity	eripära
singularly	üksi
sinister	pahameelne
sink	valamu
sinker	valutama
sinking	uppumine
sinner	patune
sinning	patus
sinus	sinus
sip	sip
siphon	sifoon
sipping	sipistamine
sir	härra
sire	isa
siren	sireen
sirloin	sirloin
sissy	sissy
sister	õde
sisterhood	sõpruskond
sit	istuda
sitcom	sitcom
site	sait
sith	sith
sitter	lapsehoidja
sitting	istudes
situate	asetage
situated	asub
situation	olukord
six	kuus
sixpence	kuuspäeva
sixteen	kuusteist
sixth	kuues
sixty	kuuskümmend
sizable	märkimisväärne
size	suurus
sizzle	heevik
ska	NO TRANSLATION
skate	skate
skateboard	rula
skater	uisutaja
skating	uisutamine
skedaddle	skedaddle
skeet	skeet
skein	sääre
skeletal	luustik
skeleton	skelett
skeptic	skeptik
skeptical	skeptiline
skepticism	skeptitsism
sketch	visand
sketching	visandamine
sketchy	visandlik
skewed	kitsas
skewer	virn
ski	suusatamine
skid	skid
skier	suusataja
skiff	Skiff
skiing	suusatamine
skijump	NO TRANSLATION
skill	oskus
skilled	kvalifitseeritud
skillet	pannil
skillful	osav
skim	koorima
skimpy	kohutav
skin	nahk
skinny	kõhn
skip	vahele jätma
skipper	kapten
skirmish	võitlemine
skirt	seelik
skirting	põrandaliistud
skirts	seelikud
skit	skit
skittish	laitmatu
skull	kolju
skunk	skunk
sky	taevas
skylight	katuseaknad
skyline	skyline
skyscraper	pilvelõhkuja
slab	plaat
slack	nõrk
slag	räbu
slam	lööma
slammer	slammer
slander	lause
slanderous	süüdistaja
slang	släng
slant	kaldus
slap	libisema
slash	kaldkriips
slashes	kaldkriipsud
slate	kiltkivi
slates	tahvlid
slaughter	tapmine
slaughterhouse	tapamaja
slaughtering	tapmine
slave	ori
slavery	orjus
slay	tappa
slayer	slayer
sleaze	söömata
sleazy	räpane
sled	NO TRANSLATION
sledding	kelgutamine
sledge	sojad
sledgehammer	sledgehammer
sleek	klanitud
sleep	magama
sleeper	magamiskoht
sleeping	magab
sleepless	unetu
sleeplessness	unetus
sleepover	unistus
sleepy	unine
sleepyhead	unepea
sleet	udu
sleeve	varrukas
sleeveless	varrukas
sleigh	kelk
sleight	kummitus
slender	sihvakas
sleuth	kummitama
slice	viil
slick	õlilaik
slicker	vikerkaar
slide	libisema
slider	liugur
sliding	libistades
slight	kerge
slight anticipation	väike ootamine
slight disgust	kerge hullus
slight surprise	väike üllatus
slight trust	kerge usaldus
slightly	veidi
slightly negative	veidi negatiivne
slightly positive	veidi positiivne
slim	õhuke
slime	lima
slimy	sileda
sling	sling
slingshot	lusikaga
slink	libake
slinky	slinky
slip	libisemine
slipper	suss
slippers	sussid
slippery	libe
slit	pilu
sliver	kiilas
slob	slob
slobber	slobber
slogan	loosung
sloop	sloop
slop	NO TRANSLATION
slope	kalle
sloppy	lohakas
slot	pesa
sloth	libu
slouch	kummardama
slough	kibe
slow	aeglane
slowly	aeglaselt
slowness	aeglane
sludge	muda
slug	liblikas
slugger	slugger
sluggish	loid
sluice	lüüs
slum	lesk
slumber	uinuma
slump	kukkumine
slur	sulatama
slurp	lööma
slush	praadima
slut	lits
slutty	slutty
sly	hull
smack	maitsema
small	väike
smaller	väiksem
smallest	väikseim
smallpox	raps
smart	tark
smartass	Tarkpea
smarten	maitsema
smarty	nutikas
smash	valutama
smashed	purustatud
smattering	maitsesin
smear	määrida
smell	lõhn
smelling	lõhnav
smelly	karvane
smelt	sulatanud
smidgen	smidgen
smile	naeratus
smiled	naeratas
smiles	naeratab
smiley	smiley
smiling	naeratades
smirk	smirk
smite	lööma
smith	sepp
smithereens	sepistamine
smitten	löönud
smock	kummitama
smog	smog
smoke	suitsetama
smoker	suitsetaja
smokey	Smokey
smoking	suitsetamine
smoky	suitsune
smoldering	hõõguv
smooch	smooch
smooth	sile
smoothie	suupiste
smoothly	sujuvalt
smoothness	siledus
smother	pehme
smudge	hõõruda
smug	salaja
smuggle	salakaubana
smuggler	salakaubavedaja
smuggling	salakaubavedu
smut	lõugima
snack	suupiste
snacks	suupisteid
snafu	snafu
snag	kitsendama
snags	snags
snail	tigu
snake	mao
snakes	maod
snakeskin	snakeskin
snap	klõps
snapper	snapper
snappy	vihane
snapshot	pilt
snare	võrk
snarl	jama
snarling	snarling
snatch	haarama
snatcher	snatcher
snazzy	nutikas
sneak	vargsi
sneaker	hobune
sneakers	tossud
sneaking	hiiliva
sneaky	alatu
sneer	hirmutama
sneeze	aevastama
sneezing	aevastamine
snicker	snicker
snide	kukkuma
sniff	nuusutama
snip	tükk
snipe	peksis
sniper	snaiper
snippet	väljalõige
snippy	naeruväärne
snitch	torkama
snob	snob
snoop	snoop
snoopy	snoopy
snooty	tormakas
snooze	uinak
snore	jama
snorkel	snorkel
snort	närida
snot	vits
snotty	tormav
snout	nina
snow	lumi
snowball	lumepall
snowboard	lumelaua
snowboarder	lumelaudija
snowday	lumepäev
snowfall	lumesadu
snowflake	lumehelves
snowing	lumesadu
snowmageddon	snowmagedon
snowman	lumememm
snowplow	lumesahk
snowstorm	lumetorm
snowy	lumega
snub	vihane
snubbed	viskamine
snuff	nuusktubakas
snug	rahulik
snuggle	koonduma
snuggled	nőrgutati
snuggles	nõtke
snuggling	nõrk
soak	leotada
soaked	leotatud
soaking	leotamine
soangry	NO TRANSLATION
soannoyed	NO TRANSLATION
soap	seep
soapbox	seep
soapy	seebirull
soar	tõusma
soaring	kiirelt tõuseb
sob	NO TRANSLATION
sober	kaine
soblessed	NO TRANSLATION
sobriety	armastus
soc	soc
soccer	jalgpall
sociable	ühiskondlik
social	sotsiaalne
socialanxiety	NO TRANSLATION
socialism	sotsialism
socialist	sotsialistlik
socialite	sotsiaalne
socialize	suhtlema
society	ühiskond
sociology	sotsioloogia
sociopath	sotsiopath
sock	sokk
socket	pistikupesa
sod	surnud
soda	soda
soda/pop	soda / pop
sodding	süüdi
sodium	naatrium
sofa	diivan
soft	pehme
softball	pehmepall
soften	pehmendada
softener	pehmendaja
softening	pehmendamine
softly	pehmelt
softness	pehmus
software	tarkvara
soggy	soe
sohappy	nii õnnelik
soil	pinnas
soiled	määrdunud
soiree	soiree
sojourn	viibimine
solace	õnnistus
solar	päike
solarium	solaarium
solder	jootet
soldering	jootmine
soldier	sõdur
sole	tallal
solemn	pidulik
solicit	küsima
solicitation	pakkumine
solicitor	vandeadvokaat
solid	kindel
solidarity	solidaarsus
solidification	tahkestumine
solidified	tahkestunud
solidify	tahkuda
solidity	tugevus
solitaire	solitaire
solitary	üksildane
solitude	üksinda
solo	soolo
solubility	lahustuvus
soluble	lahustuv
solucky	solokk
solution	lahendus
solve	lahendada
solvency	maksevõime
solvent	lahusti
somad	NO TRANSLATION
somatic	somaatiline
somber	karm
some anticipation	mõni ootamine
some disgust	mõni hirmus
some surprise	mõni üllatus
some trust	mõni usaldus
somersault	somersault
somethingigetalot	NO TRANSLATION
somewhat negative	mõnevõrra negatiivne
somewhat positive	mõnevõrra positiivne
somuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
son	poeg
sonar	sonar
sonata	sonata
sonervous	NO TRANSLATION
song	laul
songwriter	laulukirjutaja
sonic	sonic
sonice	NO TRANSLATION
sonnet	sonnet
sonorous	sonorous
soot	tahma
soothe	rahune
soothing	rahustav
sophisticated	keerukad
sophistication	keerukus
sophomore	sophomore
sopissed	NO TRANSLATION
soppy	soppy
soprano	sopran
sorcerer	nõid
sorcery	nõidus
sordid	sordid
sore	valus
soready	Soready
sorely	tüütu
soreness	valu
sorghum	sorgo
sorority	korruptsioon
sorrow	kurb
sorrowful	kurb
sorry	vabandust
sort	sorteerima
sorter	NO TRANSLATION
sortie	NO TRANSLATION
sorting	sorteerimine
sos	NO TRANSLATION
soscared	nii hirmul
soscary	nii hirmus
soslow	Soslow
sostressed	NO TRANSLATION
sosweet	nii armas
sothankful	NO TRANSLATION
sou	NO TRANSLATION
soul	hinge
soulful	hingeline
soulless	soulless
soulmate	soulmate
sound	heli
sounding	kõlav
soundness	usaldusväärsus
soundproof	helikindel
soundtrack	heliriba
soup	supp
sour	hapu
source	allikas
sourpuss	sourpuss
south	lõunasse
southbound	lõuna suunas
southeast	kagus
southern	lõunaosas
southpaw	lõunapool
southwest	edelas
souvenir	Suveniir
sovereign	suveräänne
sovereignty	suveräänsus
soviet	nõukogude
sow	külvama
soy	sojakaste
soy sauce	sojakaste
soybean	sojauba
spa	spaa
space	ruumi
spacecraft	kosmoseaparaat
spaceman	spaceman
spaceship	kosmoselaev
spacing	vahekaugus
spacious	avar
spade	piip
spaghetti	spagetid
spam	spämm
spammers	rämpsposti saatjad
span	NO TRANSLATION
spandex	spandex
spaniel	spaniel
spank	pühkima
spanking	imekas
spar	spar
spare	varuosa
spareribs	ribitükk
sparingly	säästlikult
spark	säde
sparkle	särama
sparkling	vahuvein
sparkly	sädematult
sparring	sparring
sparrow	varblane
sparse	hõre
spasm	spasm
spastic	spastiline
spat	rumal
spatial	ruumiline
spatter	pritsima
spatula	spaaplaat
spawn	kudema
spaz	spaz
speak	räägi
speakeasy	räägitav
speaker	kõneleja
speakerphone	valjuhääldi
speaking	rääkides
spear	oda
spec	spec
special	eriline
specialist	spetsialist
speciality	eriala
specialize	NO TRANSLATION
specially	spetsiaalselt
specialty	eriala
specie	NO TRANSLATION
species	liigid
specific	spetsiifiline
specification	spetsifikatsioon
specify	täpsustage
specimen	näidis
speck	plekk
speckled	tähniline
specs	specs
spectacle	vaatepilt
spectacles	prillid
spectacular	suurepärane
spectator	pealtvaataja
specter	spekter
spectral	spektraal
spectrometer	spektromeeter
spectrophotometer	spektrofotomeeter
spectroscopy	spektroskoopia
spectrum	spekter
speculate	spekuleerima
speculation	spekulatsioonid
speculative	spekulatiivne
speculum	spekulaarsus
speech	kõne
speechless	kõneta
speed	kiirus
speedboat	kiirpaat
speedily	kiiresti
speeding	kiiruse ületamine
speedometer	spidomeeter
speedway	kiirteel
speedy	kiire
spell	õigekiri
spellbound	vapustatud
spelling	õigekiri
spencer	spencer
spend	kulutama
spender	Spender
spending	kulutused
spent	kulutanud
sperm	sperma
spew	valama
sphere	kera
spherical	sfääriline
sphincter	spfikster
sphinx	sfinksi
spic	spic
spice	vürtsi
spicy	vürtsikas
spider	ämblik
spiders	ämblikud
spiffy	spifiline
spigot	spigot
spike	torkima
spiked	tibud
spiky	ahvatlev
spill	leke
spillin	NO TRANSLATION
spin	spin
spinach	spinat
spinal	seljaaju
spindle	spindel
spine	selgroog
spineless	spineless
spinner	spinner
spinning	ketramine
spinster	spinster
spiny	sileda
spiral	spiraal
spire	spire
spirit	vaim
spirited	vaimulik
spirits	vaimud
spiritual	vaimne
spirituality	vaimsus
spit	sülitada
spite	hoolimata
spiteful	kurjav
spitfire	spitfire
spittoon	spittoon
splash	pritsima
splat	vihik
splatter	hõõruda
spleen	põrn
splendid	suurepärane
splendor	hiilgus
splice	splaising
spline	spline
splint	splint
splinter	lõhenemine
split	jagatud
splitting	jagamine
splurge	hõõruda
spoil	rikkuma
spoiler	spoiler
spoiling	rikkuda
spoils	rikneb
spoke	rääkis
spoken	kõneles
spokesman	pressiesindaja
spokesperson	pressiesindaja
sponge	käsna
spongy	käsnjas
sponsor	sponsor
sponsorship	sponsorlus
spontaneity	spontaansus
spontaneous	spontaanne
spoof	petmine
spook	spook
spooky	kõhe
spool	spool
spoon	lusikas
spoonful	lusikatäis
sporadic	juhuslik
spore	spoor
sport	Sport
sporting	sportlik
sports	sport
sports car	sportauto
sportsman	sportlane
sportsmanship	sportlasus
sportswriter	spordiklubi
sporty	sportlik
spot	kohapeal
spotless	puhas
spotlight	tähelepanu keskpunktis
spotted	märgatud
spotter	jälgija
spotty	paikselt
spousal	abikaasa
spouse	abikaasa
spout	sink
sprain	pingetaluvus
sprawl	laienemine
spray	spray
spread	levida
spreader	laotur
spree	spree
spring	kevadel
springtime	kevadel
sprinkle	puista
sprinkler	sprinkler
sprinkling	piserdama
sprint	sprint
sprite	sprite
sprout	idanema
spruce	kuusk
spud	spud
spunk	jama
spunky	räpane
spur	ajama
spurious	vale
spurred	tõhustatud
spurt	spurt
spy	spioon
squabble	kummardama
squad	meeskond
squadron	eskadron
squall	viletsa
squamous	lamerakas
squander	raiskama
square	ruut
squash	squash
squat	maitsema
squatter	kummitama
squaw	jama
squawk	kummitama
squeak	nägema
squeaky	pearakas
squeal	squeal
squealer	squealer
squeamish	squeamish
squeeze	pigistama
squeezing	pigistamine
squelch	kärpima
squid	kalmaar
squint	squint
squire	squire
squirm	kummardama
squirrel	orav
squirt	prits
squish	lööma
squishy	kummitav
stab	stab
stabbed	pussitas
stability	stabiilsus
stabilize	stabiliseeruma
stabilizer	stabilisaator
stable	stabiilne
staccato	staccato
stack	virna
stadium	staadion
staff	töötajad
stag	lollakas
stage	etapp
stagecoach	majapidamine
stagehand	stage stage
stagger	lööma
staggering	uskumatu
stagnant	seisak
stagnation	stagnatsioon
staid	staid
stain	peitsima
stained	värvitud
stainless	roostevaba
stair	trepp
staircase	trepp
stairs	trepid
stairway	trepp
stairwell	trepikoda
stake	kaalus
stakeout	varitsus
stale	vananenud
stalemate	ummikseis
stalk	jälitama
stalker	stalker
stall	varisemine
stallion	täkk
stalls	kioskites
stalwart	stalwart
stamina	vastupidavus
stamp	tempel
stampede	tormama
stance	seisukoht
stand	seisma
standard	standard
standardize	standardiseerida
standardized	standardiseeritud
standby	ootel
standing	seisab
standoff	vaheldumine
standpoint	seisukohast
standstill	ooteaeg
standup	standup
stanza	stanza
staph	staph
staple	staapelkiud
stapler	klammerdaja
star	täht
star fruit	tähtvili
starboard	parempoolne
starch	tärklis
stardom	stardom
stardust	lumelaud
stare	VAHTIMA
starfish	meriklään
stargazing	stargazing
staring	jõllis
stark	karm
starlet	starlet
starlight	starlight
starling	närilistega
starry	starry
stars	tähed
starship	Starship
start	alusta
starter	starter
startle	ahvatlema
startled	hämmastunud
startling	hämmastav
starvation	näljahäda
starve	nälga
starved	näljane
starving	näljas
stash	vallutama
stat	stat
state	riik
stately	suurepärane
statement	avaldus
stateroom	kaminaruum
stateside	Ameerika Ühendriigid
statesman	riigimees
static	staatiline
staticky	NO TRANSLATION
statics	staatika
station	jaam
stationary	statsionaarne
stationery	kirjatarbed
statistic	Statistika
statistical	statistiline
statistician	statistik
stator	staator
statuary	kujunäidis
statue	kuju
statuette	kujutäht
stature	kasvuperiood
status	staatus
statute	põhikiri
statutory	seadusjärgne
staunch	uskumatu
stave	trepp
stay	jää
stayaway	NO TRANSLATION
stayed	jäänud
stays	jääb
stead	asemel
steadfast	kindel
steady	stabiilne
steak	praadima
steakhouse	liharestoran
steal	varastada
stealing	varastamine
stealth	saladus
stealthily	varjuliselt
stealthy	salajane
steam	aur
steamboat	aurulaev
steamer	auruti
steaming	aurutatud
steamroller	aurulaev
steamship	aurulaev
steamy	aurukas
steel	terasest
steep	järsk
steeple	torn
steer	juhtima
steering	juhtimine
stellar	täht
stem	vars
stench	lämmatusi
stencil	šabloon
stenographer	stenographer
step	samm
stepdaughter	tütarlaps
stepfather	kasuisa
stepmother	võõrasema
steppe	steppe
steps	sammud
stepson	lapsendaja
stereo	stereo
stereoscopic	stereoskoopiline
stereotype	stereotüüp
stereotyped	stereotüüpne
sterile	steriilne
sterility	steriilsus
sterilize	steriliseerige
sterling	sterling
stern	ahter
sternum	rinnus
steroid	steroid
stethoscope	stetoskoop
stew	hautatud
steward	juhendaja
stewardess	stjuardess
stewardship	juhtimine
stfu	stfu
stick	kleepige
sticker	kleebis
sticking	kleepimine
stickler	stickler
stickup	turritama
sticky	kleepuv
stiff	jäik
stiffen	jäigem
stiffness	jäikus
stifle	lämmatama
stifled	lämmatanud
stifling	hirmutav
stigma	stigma
stile	NO TRANSLATION
stiletto	stiletto
stillbirth	surnultsündimine
stillborn	surnult sündinud
stillness	vaikus
stillwaiting	NO TRANSLATION
stilts	jalad
stimulant	stimulant
stimulate	stimuleerima
stimulating	stimuleeriv
stimulation	stimulatsioon
stimulus	stiimul
sting	jama
stinger	stinger
stinging	ahvatlev
stingy	karm
stink	lõhnama
stinker	kurnav
stinking	kuradima
stinky	vihane
stint	väsimus
stipend	stipendium
stipulate	sätestada
stipulation	tingimus
stir	segage
stirring	segades
stitch	õmblema
stitching	õmblemine
stock	varud
stockade	laud
stockbroker	börsimaakler
stockholder	aktsionär
stocking	varud
stockings	sukad
stockpile	varud
stockroom	laoruum
stocks	varud
stoic	stoiaalne
stole	varastas
stolen	varastatud
stomach	kõhuga
stomachache	kõhuvalu
stomp	tibuma
stomped	stomped
stone	kivi
stoned	kividega surnuks
stonewall	kiviaed
stoneware	keraamika
stony	kivine
stooge	kutt
stool	väljaheide
stools	väljaheide
stoop	lööma
stoopid	stoopid
stop	peatus
stopover	peatuspaik
stoppage	seiskamine
stopper	kork
stopping	peatus
stopwatch	stopper
storage	ladustamine
store	poodi
storefront	poe kauplus
storehouse	ladu
storeroom	laoruumi
storing	ladustamine
storm	torm
storming	tormine
stormy	tormiline
story	lugu
storybook	lugude raamat
storyteller	jutuvestja
storytelling	jutustamine
stound	hull
stout	tormakas
stove	pliit
stow	stow
stowaway	stowaway
straddle	straddle
straight	sirge
straighten	sirgestada
straightforward	otsekohene
straightway	kohe
strain	tüvi
strained	pingeline
strait	väin
straitjacket	rihmaravik
straits	väinad
strand	tegevussuund
stranded	keeruline
strange	kummaline
stranger	võõras
strangle	kummitama
strangulation	ahvatlemine
strap	rihm
strapless	õmbluseta
strapping	rihm
strata	kihid
strategic	strateegiline
strategist	strateeg
strategy	strateegia
stratification	stratifitseerimine
stratosphere	stratosfäär
stratum	kiht
stratus	stratus
straw	õled
strawberry	maasikas
stray	hulkunud
streak	triip
streaked	triibuline
stream	voog
streamer	vööri
streaming	voogesitus
streamline	sujuvamaks
street	tänav
streetcar	tramm
streetlight	tänavavalgustus
strength	tugevus
strengthen	tugevdama
strengthening	tugevdamine
strenuous	pingeline
strep	strep
stress	stressi
stressed	rõhutatud
stresses	rõhutab
stressfree	NO TRANSLATION
stressful	stressirohke
stressin	NO TRANSLATION
stressing	rõhutades
stressrelief	NO TRANSLATION
stretch	venitada
stretcher	stretcher
stricken	kannatanud
strict	range
stride	astuge sammu
strife	võitlemine
strike	streikima
strikeout	maha kriipsutama
striker	ründaja
striking	hämmastav
strikingly	silmatorkavalt
string	string
strings	stringid
stringy	kitsas
strip	riba
stripe	triip
striped	triibuline
stripped	kooritud
stripper	stripper
striptease	striptiis
strive	püüdma
strobe	strobe
stroke	insult
stroll	jalutama
stroller	jalutuskäru
strolling	jalutamas
strong	tugev
stronghold	kindlus
strongly	tugevalt
structural	struktuuriline
structure	struktuur
strudel	strudel
struggle	võitlus
strut	tugi
stub	tühi
stubbed	varjatud
stubble	rüht
stubborn	kangekaelne
stubbornness	kangekaelsus
stubby	ahvatlev
stucco	krohvitud
stuck	kinni
stuckup	NO TRANSLATION
stud	stuudio
studded	naastrehvid
student	üliõpilane
studied	õppinud
studio	stuudio
study	Uuring
stuff	asjad
stuffed animal	topis
stuffing	täidis
stuffy	kinnine
stumble	komistama
stump	kisk
stumped	hukkunud
stun	uimastada
stunned	uimastatud
stunner	stunner
stunning	uimastamist
stunt	trikk
stunted	hulluks jäänud
stuntman	kummitaja
stupefaction	stupefaction
stupefy	stupefy
stupendous	tohutu
stupid	loll
stupidity	rumalus
stupidpeople	NO TRANSLATION
stupidrain	NO TRANSLATION
stupor	stuupor
sturdy	tugev
sturgeon	tuur
stutter	kummitus
sty	stiil
style	stiil
styling	stiil
stylish	stiilne
stylist	stiilist
suave	kena
sub	sub
subatomic	subatomaatiline
subcommittee	allkomitee
subconscious	alateadvus
subcutaneous	subkutaanne
subdivide	jagada
subdivision	alajaotis
subduction	subduktsioon
subdue	alistama
subdued	nõrk
subdural	subdural
subito	NO TRANSLATION
subject	teema
subjected	allutatud
subjection	allumine
subjective	subjektiivne
subjugation	allumine
sublet	alamrubriik
sublevel	alamtaseme
sublimation	sublimatsioon
sublime	suursugune
subliminal	alateadlikkus
submarine	allveelaev
submerge	sukelduma
submerged	sukeldatud
submersible	sukeldustav
submission	esitamine
submissive	alandlik
submit	Esita
submitting	esitades
subordinate	alluv
subordination	alluvus
subplot	subplot
subpoena	kohtukutse
subscribe	tellida
subscriber	abonent
subscription	tellimine
subsequence	alamjärjestus
subsequent	järgnev
subsequently	hiljem
subservient	alaealine
subset	alamhulk
subside	kaovad
subsidence	langetus
subsidiary	tütarettevõte
subsidize	subsideerida
subsidy	toetus
subsist	endine
subsistence	elamiskulud
subsoil	aluspinnas
subspace	alamruum
substance	aine
substandard	nõuetele mittevastav
substantial	mahukas
substantially	oluliselt
substantiate	põhjendama
substantive	sisuline
substation	alajaam
substitute	asenda
substituted	asendatud
substitution	asendamine
substructure	alusraamatus
subterranean	maa-alune
subtext	alatekst
subtitle	alapealkiri
subtle	peenike
subtlety	nõtkus
subtract	lahutama
subtraction	lahutamist
subtype	alamtüüp
suburb	äärelinn
suburban	äärelinna
suburbia	äärelinnad
suburbs	äärelinnad
subversion	subversion
subversive	hävitav
subvert	alandama
subway	metroo
succeed	õnnestub
succeeding	edukas
success	edu
successful	edukas
succession	järjestus
successive	järjestikused
successor	pärija
succinct	lühike
succubus	sukkubus
succulent	mahlakas
succumb	langetama
suck	ime
sucker	Sucker
sucking	imemiseks
suckling	imetamine
sucks	imeb
suction	imemine
sudden	ootamatu
suddenly	äkki
suds	suhkruga
sue	kohtusse kaebama
suede	suede
suffer	kannatavad
sufferer	kannatanu
suffering	kannatusi
suffice	piisab
sufficiency	piisavus
sufficient	piisav
sufficiently	piisavalt
suffix	sufiks
suffocate	lämmatama
suffocating	lämmatab
suffocation	lämbumine
sugar	suhkur
suggest	soovitavad
suggestion	soovitus
suggestive	soovituslik
suicidal	enesetapu
suicide	enesetapp
suicidebombing	NO TRANSLATION
suit	ülikond
suitable	sobiv
suitcase	kohver
suite	sviit
suitor	suitor
sulfate	sulfaat
sulfur	väävel
sulk	vajus
sullen	tujukas
sully	sully
sulphur	väävel
sultan	sultan
sultry	tuntud
sum	summa
summarily	lühidalt
summarize	kokkuvõte
summary	kokkuvõte
summation	kokkuvõte
summer	suvi
summerhouse	suvemaja
summertime	suvel
summit	tippkohtumine
summon	kutsuda
summons	kutsumine
sumo	sumo
sump	tõstuk
sumptuous	luksuslik
sun	päike
sunbeam	päikesepump
sunburn	päikesepõletus
sundae	sundae
sunday	teisipäeval
sundial	päikesekell
sundown	päikeseloojangut
sundry	mitmesugused
sunflower	päevalill
sunglass	päikeseprillid
sunglasses	päikeseprillid
sunk	vajunud
sunken	uppunud
sunless	päikesepaisteline
sunlight	päikesevalgus
sunny	päikseline
sunrise	päikesetõusu
sunroof	katuseluuk
sunscreen	päikesekaitsetooteid
sunset	päikeseloojangut
sunshine	päikesepaiste
suntan	päevitus
sunup	sunup
sup	sup
super	Super
superannuation	vanaduspension
superb	suurepärane
superficial	pinnapealne
superfluous	üleliigne
superhero	superkangelane
superhuman	ülem inimlik
superimposed	pealiskaudne
superintendent	juhendaja
superior	parem
superiority	paremus
superlative	superlative
superman	superman
supermarket	supermarket
supermodel	supermodell
supernatant	supernatant
supernatural	üleloomulik
supernova	supernoova
superposition	superpositsioon
superpower	suurriik
supersede	asendab
superstar	superstaar
superstition	ebausk
superstitious	ebausklik
superstore	supermarket
supervise	jälgima
supervision	järelevalve
supervisor	juhendaja
supper	õhtusöök
suppertime	suppertime
supplant	asendama
supple	pehme
supplement	lisa
supplemental	täiendav
supplementary	täiendav
supplication	nõustamine
supplier	tarnija
supplies	tarvikud
supply	pakkumine
support	toetus
supported	toetatud
supporter	toetaja
supporters	toetajaid
supporting	toetades
supportive	toetav
suppose	oleta
supposed	peaks
supposing	eeldades
supposition	eeldus
suppress	maha suruda
suppression	supressioon
supremacy	ülimuslikkus
supreme	kõrgeim
supremely	suurepäraselt
surcharge	lisatasu
sure	kindel
surety	käendus
surf	surfata
surface	pind
surfboard	lainelaua kasutamine
surfer	surfer
surge	tõus
surgeon	kirurg
surgery	kirurgia
surgical	kirurgiline
surly	surly
surmise	ettekujutus
surname	perekonnanimi
surpassing	ületades
surplus	ülejääk
surprise	üllatus
surprised	üllatunud
surprises	üllatab
surprising	üllatav
surprisingly	üllatavalt
surreal	surreaalne
surrender	loobuma
surrendering	loobumine
surrogate	asendus
surround	ümbritsema
surrounding	ümbritsev
surroundings	ümbruskonda
surveillance	järelevalve
survey	küsitlus
surveying	geodeesia
surveyor	maamõõtja
survival	ellujäämine
survive	ellu jääma
surviving	ellujäänud
survivor	toitjakaotus
susceptibility	vastuvõtlikkus
susceptible	vastuvõtlik
sushi	sushi
suspect	kahtlustatav
suspected	kahtlustatav
suspend	riputama
suspended	peatatud
suspenders	sukad
suspense	ajutine
suspension	peatamine
suspicion	kahtlus
suspicions	kahtlused
suspicious	kahtlane
sustain	säilitada
sustained	püsiv
sustenance	toitumine
suture	õmblusniit
suv	suv
sux	NO TRANSLATION
swab	tampooniga
swag	lööma
swagger	lollakas
swallow	neelata
swami	swami
swamp	soo
swamped	soe
swampy	soine
swan	luik
swank	lööma
swap	vahetus
swarm	ujuma
swarming	murev
swastika	Swastika
swat	sabati
sway	kihutama
swear	vanduma
swearing	vanduma
sweat	higi
sweater	kampsun
sweating	higistamine
sweatshirt	püksiriide
sweatshop	sweatshop
sweaty	higine
sweep	pühkima
sweeper	pühkija
sweeping	pühkimine
sweet	magus
sweeten	magusama
sweetened	magustatud
sweetener	magusaine
sweetest	magusam
sweetheart	kullake
sweetie	kullake
sweetness	magusus
sweets	maiustused
swell	paisuma
swelling	turse
sweltering	ahvatlev
swerve	põrkama
swift	kiire
swiftly	kiiresti
swig	lööma
swill	paisuma
swim	ujuma
swimmer	ujuja
swimming	ujumine
swimsuit	ujumistrikoo
swindle	pettuma
swindler	pettur
swine	siga
swing	kiik
swinger	swinger
swinging	kiikumine
swipe	pühkige
swirl	keerake
swish	lüüa
switch	lülita
switchblade	lülituslind
switchboard	elektrikilp
swivel	pöörlev
swollen	paistes
swoon	nägemine
swoop	lööma
sword	mõõk
swordfish	mõõkkala
swordplay	swordplay
swordsman	mõõk
sycamore	Sycamore
syllable	silp
syllabus	õppekava
symbiotic	sümbiootiline
symbol	sümbol
symbolic	sümboolne
symbolically	sümboolselt
symbolism	sümboolika
symbolize	sümboliseerima
symmetric	sümmeetriline
symmetrical	sümmeetriline
symmetry	sümmeetria
sympathetic	sümpaatiline
sympathize	kaastunema
sympathy	kaastunnet
symphonic	sümfooniline
symphony	sümfoonia
symposium	sümpoosion
symptom	sümptom
symptomatic	sümptomaatiline
synagogue	sünagoog
synapse	synapse
synaptic	sünaptiline
sync	sünkroonida
synchronize	sünkroonida
synchronous	sünkroonne
syncope	sünkoop
syndicate	sündikaat
syndrome	sündroom
synergistic	sünergistlik
synergy	sünergia
synod	Sünod
synonym	sünonüüm
synonymous	sünonüümne
synopsis	kokkuvõte
synoptic	sünoptiline
syntax	süntaks
synthesis	süntees
synthesizer	süntesaator
synthetic	sünteetiline
syphilis	süüfilis
syringe	süstal
syrup	siirup
system	süsteem
systematic	süstemaatiline
systematically	süstemaatiliselt
t-shirt	t-särk
tab	vahekaart
tabasco	tabasco
tabby	tabby
tabernacle	katarraal
table	laud
tableau	NO TRANSLATION
tablecloth	laudlina
tablespoon	supilusikatäis
tablet	tablett
tableware	lauanõud
tabloid	tabloid
taboo	tabu
tabular	tabelina
tabulate	tabuleerida
tabulation	tabuleerimine
tachometer	tahhomeeter
tacit	vaikne
tack	käsiraamat
tackle	tegelema
tackled	lahendatud
tackling	tegelemine
tacky	kleepuv
taco	taco
tact	taktika
tactful	taktikaline
tactic	taktika
tactical	taktikaline
tactics	taktika
tactile	kombatav
tad	NO TRANSLATION
tadpole	tadpole
taffeta	taffeta
taffy	taffy
tag	silt
tail	saba
tailed	saba
tailgate	tagaluuk
tailings	jäätmed
taillight	tagatulede
tailor	sobivalt
tailoring	õmblemine
tailpipe	väljalasketoru
taint	taim
take	võtma
takeoff	stardiks
takeout	võta välja
takeover	üle võtma
taker	saaja
talcum	talk
tale	lugu
talent	talent
talented	andekas
talisman	talisman
talk	rääkima
talkative	kõnekas
talker	kõneleja
tall	pikk
tallies	talub
tallow	rasv
tally	Vastavalt
talon	talon
talons	NO TRANSLATION
tambourine	tamburiin
tame	NO TRANSLATION
tamer	Tamer
taming	Tamming
tamper	võltsida
tampon	tampon
tan	tan
tandem	tandem
tang	tang
tangent	puutuja
tangerine	tangerine
tangible	käegakatsutav
tangle	segada
tangled	tangled
tango	tango
tank	paak
tank top	paagi top
tanker	tanker
tanned	pargitud
tantalizing	tantalizing
tantamount	võrdväärne
tantrum	tantrum
taoism	taoism
tap	koputage
tape	lint
tape measure	mõõdulint
taper	koonus
tapering	koonustav
tapestry	gobelään
tapeworm	paelussi
tapioca	tapiokk
taps	kraanid
tar	tõrva
tarantula	tarantula
tardiness	tardus
tardy	tardikas
target	sihtmärk
targeted	sihitud
targeting	sihtimine
tariff	tariif
tarmac	tarmac
tarnish	pahtu
tarot	tarot
tarp	NO TRANSLATION
tarry	tarry
tart	tart
tartan	tartan
tartar	hambakivi
task	ülesanne
tassel	tuti
taste	maitse
tasteful	maitsekas
tasteless	maitseline
tasting	maitsmine
tasty	maitsev
tat	tat
tattler	tattler
tattletale	tattletale
tattoo	tätoveering
taught	õpetas
taunt	imetama
taupe	taupe
taut	taut
tavern	kõrts
tawdry	tawdry
tawny	tawny
tax	maksu
taxed	maksustatud
taxi	takso
taxicab	takso
taxonomy	taksonoomia
taxpayer	maksumaksja
tea	tee
teach	õpetama
teacher	õpetaja
teaching	õpetamine
teacup	teekarp
teahouse	teahouse
teal	teal
team	meeskond
teamjesus	NO TRANSLATION
teammate	meeskonnakaaslane
teamwork	meeskonnatöö
teapot	teekannu
tear	pisar
tearful	pisarad
tearsofjoy	NO TRANSLATION
teary	teater
tease	tease
teaser	teaser
teasing	jama
teaspoon	teelusikatäis
teat	nina
teatime	Teeaeg
tech	tech
technical	tehniline
technicality	tehniline
technician	tehnik
technique	tehnika
techno	techno
technological	tehnoloogiline
technology	tehnoloogia
ted	ted
teddy bear	kaisukaru
tedious	tüütu
tedium	tedium
tee	tee
teeming	täis
teen	teen
teenage	teismelised
teenager	teismeline
teens	teismelised
teensy	teensy
teeny	kena mees
teeth	hambad
teething	neelamine
teflon	teflon
telegram	telegramm
telegraph	telegraaf
telekinesis	telekinees
telemetry	telemeetria
telepathic	telepaatiline
telepathy	telepaatia
telephone	telefoni teel
telescope	teleskoop
telescopic	teleskoopiline
telethon	teletaan
teletype	teletaip
televised	televisioon
television	televisioon
tell	öelge
teller	teller
telling	öeldes
telltale	märgutuli
temp	temp
temper	tujusid
tempera	tempera
temperament	temperament
temperamental	temperamentne
temperance	mõõdukus
temperate	mõõdukas
temperature	temperatuur
tempered	karastatud
tempest	ahm
template	malli
temple	tempel
tempo	NO TRANSLATION
temporal	ajutine
temporarily	ajutiselt
temporary	ajutine
tempt	kiusatus
temptation	kiusatus
tempting	ahvatlev
temptress	temptress
ten	kümme
tenable	usaldusväärne
tenacious	sitapealne
tenacity	vastupidavus
tenancy	rentimine
tenant	üürnik
tend	kipuvad
tendency	tendents
tender	pakkumine
tenderfoot	lõuend
tenderness	hellus
tending	treenimine
tendon	kõõlus
tenement	üürikorter
tenet	tõekspidamine
tenets	tõekspidamised
tenfold	kümme korda
tennis	tennis
tenor	tenor
tense	pingeline
tensile	tõmbetugevus
tension	pinge
tent	telk
tentacle	kombits
tentative	esialgne
tenth	kümnes
tenths	kümnendikku
tenuous	tühine
tenure	ametiaeg
tepee	Tepee
tepid	leige
tequila	tequila
teriyaki	teriyaki
term	tähtaeg
terminal	terminali
terminate	lõpetada
termination	lõpetamine
terminator	terminaator
terminology	terminoloogia
terminus	termin
termite	termiit
terms	tingimustel
tern	tern
ternary	kolmekomponentne
terrace	terrass
terrain	maastik
terrestrial	maapealne
terrible	kohutav
terribly	kohutavalt
terrier	terjer
terrific	kohutav
terrified	hirmutatud
terrifies	hirmutab
terrify	hirmutada
terrifying	hirmutav
territorial	territoriaalne
territory	territooriumil
terror	hirmu
terrorism	terrorism
terrorist	terrorist
terrorists	terroristid
terrorize	terroriseerida
terse	kerge
tertiary	kolmanda taseme
test	test
testament	testament
testicle	munandikott
testicular	testikulaarne
testify	tunnistavad
testimonial	iseloomustus
testimony	tunnistus
testosterone	testosterooni
testy	NO TRANSLATION
tetanus	teetanus
tether	siduma
tethered	lõastatud
tetrahedral	tetraeedraal
text	tekst
textbook	õpikut
textile	tekstiil
textural	tekstuuriline
texture	tekstuur
tgif	tgif
thank	tänan
thankful	tänulik
thankgod	Jumal tänatud
thanking	tänan
thankless	tänulik
thanks	aitäh
thanksalot	NO TRANSLATION
thanksgiving	tänan
thankyougod	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoujesus	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoulord	NO TRANSLATION
thatch	salk
thatmoment	NO TRANSLATION
thaumaturgy	tuumaturgia
thaw	sula
theater	teater
theatrical	teater
theatrics	teatrid
thebest	parim
theft	vargus
theism	teism
theistic	theistic
thelife	elu
thelittlethings	NO TRANSLATION
theme	teema
theocracy	teokraatia
theocratic	teokraatlik
theologian	teoloog
theological	teoloogiline
theology	teoloogia
theorem	teoreem
theoretical	teoreetiline
theory	teooria
therapeutic	terapeutiline
therapeutics	ravimeid
therapist	terapeut
therapy	teraapia
thereabouts	seal on
thereof	sellest
therewith	koos sellega
thermal	soojus
thermocouple	termopaar
thermodynamics	termodünaamika
thermometer	termomeeter
thermos	termos
thermostat	termostaat
thesaurus	tesaurus
thesis	väitekiri
thick	paks
thicken	paksenema
thickening	paksenemine
thicket	paksus
thickness	paksus
thief	varas
thigh	reie
thimble	pintsel
thin	õhuke
thing	asi
things	asjad
thingy	asi
think	mõtle
thinker	mõtleja
thinking	mõtlesin
third	kolmas
thirds	kolmandikku
thirst	janu
thirsty	janu
thirteen	kolmteist
thirteenth	kolmeteistkümnes
thirty	kolmkümmend
thistle	jama
thither	sinna
thong	rihm
thorn	kitsakas
thorny	terav
thorough	põhjalik
thoroughbred	puhastamata
thoroughfare	maantee
thought	mõtlesin
thoughtful	mõtlik
thoughtfulness	mõttetus
thoughtless	mõttetu
thoughts	mõtted
thousand	tuhat
thrash	trrash
thread	niit
threat	oht
threaten	ähvardada
threatened	ähvardas
threatening	ähvardav
three	kolm
threefold	kolmekordne
threesome	kolm
thresh	sulatama
threshold	künnis
thrice	kolm korda
thrift	säästlikkus
thrifty	säästlik
thrill	põnevus
thrilled	põnevil
thriller	triller
thrilling	haarav
thrive	arenema
thriving	edukas
throat	kõri
throb	hirmutav
throbbing	pulseeriv
throes	hirmutab
throne	troon
throng	tohutu
throttle	gaasipedaal
throw	viska
throwback	tagasitõmbamine
thrower	viskaja
thrown	visatud
thrush	piiksu
thrust	tõukejõu
thruster	tõukurpuksiir
thud	hullus
thug	rumal
thumb	pöial
thumbprint	pisipilt
thump	kukkuma
thumper	kukk
thumping	jama
thunder	äikest
thunderbolt	Äike
thunderclap	thunderclap
thundering	äikest
thunderstorm	äike
thunderstruck	äkitsema
thwart	vőmmake
thx	tänud
thyme	tüümiani
thyroid	kilpnääre
tiara	Tiara
tibia	sääreluu
tic	Tic
tick	märkida
ticked	märgistatud
ticker	teade
ticket	pilet
tickle	kummardama
tickled	rippus
ticklish	nägema
tidal	tõusulaine
tidal wave	tõusulaine
tidbit	tidbit
tide	tõusulaine
tidings	teateid
tidy	korras
tie	lips
tier	tase
tiff	tiff
tiger	tiiger
tighten	pingutage
tightness	tihedus
tightrope	kitsas
tights	sukkpüksid
tilde	tilde
tile	plaat
tiling	plaatimist
till	NO TRANSLATION
tillage	mullaharimine
tiller	tiivik
tilt	kallutada
tilting	kallutades
timber	puit
timberland	metsamaa
timbre	timbre
time	aeg
timeless	ajatu
timeliness	õigeaegsus
timely	õigeaegselt
timeout	aeg maha
timepiece	kellad
timer	taimer
times	korda
timetable	ajakava
timewasters	NO TRANSLATION
timid	kallis
timidity	ahnusus
timing	ajastus
tin	NO TRANSLATION
tincture	Tinktuura
tine	NO TRANSLATION
tinfoil	hõbepaber
tinge	varje
tingle	tungida
tingling	kihelus
tinker	kummardus
tinkering	tinkering
tinkle	NO TRANSLATION
tinkling	tinkling
tinnitus	tinnitus
tinsel	õmblusnõel
tint	toon
tiny	väike
tip	otsa
tipper	kallur
tipster	nõuandeosakond
tipsy	tüüpilane
tiptoe	küünlajalg
tirade	tiraadiga
tire	rehv
tired	väsinud
tiredness	väsimus
tiredofit	NO TRANSLATION
tireless	väsimatu
tiresome	väsitav
tiring	väsitav
tissue	pabertaskurätik
tistheseason	NO TRANSLATION
tit	tiib
titan	titaan
titanic	titaaniline
titanium	titaan
tithe	kümnist
title	pealkiri
titled	pealkirjaga
titty	peotäis
titular	NO TRANSLATION
toad	kärnkonn
toast	röstsai
toaster	röster
toasty	toaster
tobacco	tubakas
toby	toby
tod	täna
today	täna
toddler	väikelapse
toe	varvas
toenail	toenail
toffee	iiris
tofu	tofu
toga	NO TRANSLATION
together	koos
togetherness	ühtsus
toil	töötama
toilet	tualettruum
toils	rügama
token	token
tolerable	lubatav
tolerance	sallivus
tolerant	tolerantsed
tolerate	taluda
toleration	tolerantsus
toll	teemaks
tomahawk	tomahawk
tomato	tomatita
tomatoes	tomatid
tomb	haud
tombstone	hauakivi
tomcat	tibu
tome	mulle
tomorrow	homme
ton	NO TRANSLATION
tone	toon
toner	tooner
tong	NO TRANSLATION
tongs	tangid
tongue	keel
tonic	toonik
tonnage	tonnaaž
tonsils	mandlid
toocold	NO TRANSLATION
tool	tööriist
toolbox	tööriistakomplekt
tooling	tööriistad
toomuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
toot	tootja
tooth	hammas
toothache	hambavalu
toothbrush	hambahari
toothed	hammastega
toothless	hambumuseta
toothpaste	hambapasta
toothpick	hambaork
toots	toots
top	üleval
topaz	topaas
topic	teema
topical	aktuaalne
topless	topless
topographic	topograafiline
topographical	topograafiline
topography	topograafia
topple	kukutama
topside	topside
tor	tor
torch	tõrvik
torment	piinamine
tormented	piinatud
torn	rebenenud
tornado	tornado
torpedo	torpeedo
torque	pöördemoment
torrent	torrent
torrid	tormitu
torsion	torsioon
torso	torso
tort	kahju
tortious	petturlik
tortoise	kilpkonn
tortuous	vilets
torture	piinamine
tortured	piinatud
toss	viskama
tot	NO TRANSLATION
total	kokku
totality	tervikuna
totally	täiesti
tote	tote
totem	totem
touch	puudutage
touchdown	maandumine
touched	puudutanud
touching	puudutades
touchy	piinlik
tough	karm
toughen	karmistama
toughness	tugevus
toupee	toupee
tour	ekskursioon
tourism	turism
tourist	turist
tourmaline	turmaliin
tournament	turniiri
tourniquet	tourniquet
tout	NO TRANSLATION
tow	pukseerima
towel	rätik
tower	torn
towering	tõusev
town	linn
townhouse	linnamaja
township	vallikoht
townspeople	linnakodanikud
toxic	mürgine
toxicity	toksilisus
toxicology	toksikoloogia
toxin	toksiin
toy	mänguasi
toymaker	toomekomplekt
trace	jälg
traceable	jälgitav
tracer	märgistusaine
traces	jäljed
trachea	trahhea
tracing	jälgimine
track	jälgida
tracker	jälgija
tract	trakt
tractable	veetlev
traction	veojõu
tractor	traktor
trade	kaubandus
trademark	kaubamärk
trader	kaupleja
tradesman	kaupleja
trading	kauplemine
tradition	traditsioon
traditional	traditsiooniline
traffic	liiklus
traffic light	valgusfoor
trafficking	inimkaubandus
tragedies	tragöödiaid
tragedy	tragöödia
tragic	traagiline
trail	rada
trailer	haagis
train	rongi
train set	rongi komplekt
trained	koolitatud
trainee	praktikant
trainer	treener
training	koolitus
trait	tunnusjoon
traitor	reetur
traitorous	petlik
trajectory	trajektoori
tram	tramm
tramp	tramp
trample	trampima
trampoline	batuut
tramway	trammitee
trance	trance
tranquil	rahulik
tranquility	rahu
tranquilizer	rahustav vahend
transact	tehinguid tegema
transaction	tehingut
transatlantic	transatlantiline
transceiver	transiiver
transcend	ületa
transcendence	transtsendentsus
transcendent	transtsendentne
transcendental	transtsendentaalne
transcribe	transkribeerima
transcriber	transkribeerija
transcript	transkript
transcription	transkriptsioon
transfer	üleandmine
transference	ülekanne
transferred	üle antud
transfixed	ülekantud
transform	muuda
transformation	muutumine
transformer	trafo
transfusion	transfusioon
transgression	üleastumine
transient	mööduv
transistor	transistor
transit	transiit
transition	üleminek
transitional	üleminekuperiood
transitive	transitiivne
transitory	ajutine
translate	tõlkida
translation	tõlge
translator	tõlkija
translocation	translokatsioon
translucent	läbipaistev
transmission	ülekanne
transmit	edastada
transmitter	saatja
transmutation	transmutatsioon
transom	transom
transparency	läbipaistvus
transparent	läbipaistev
transplant	siirdamine
transplantation	siirdamine
transponder	transponder
transport	transport
transportation	transport
transporter	transporter
transpose	üle kanda
transposition	ülevõtmine
transsexual	transseksuaalne
transverse	põikisuunaline
transvestite	transvestiit
trap	lõksu
trapdoor	laevastik
trapeze	trapets
trapped	lõksus
trapper	trapper
trapping	püünisjahutus
trappings	näpunäited
traps	püünised
trash	prügikast
trashy	kallis
trauma	trauma
traumatic	traumaatiline
travail	NO TRANSLATION
travel	reisida
traveler	reisija
traveling	Reisimine
traverse	läbima
travesty	travestiline
trawl	traal
trawler	traaler
tray	salve
treacherous	petlik
treachery	reetmine
tread	turvisega
treadmill	jooksulint
treason	riigireetmine
treasure	aare
treasured	hinnatud
treasurer	laekur
treasures	aarded
treasury	riigikassa
treat	ravige
treatable	ravitav
treatise	traktaat
treatment	ravi
treaty	leping
treble	treble
tree	puu
trees	puud
trek	trek
trellis	trellis
tremble	värisema
trembling	värisev
tremendous	tohutu
tremendously	tohutult
tremor	treemor
trench	kraav
trend	suundumus
trending	trendid
trendy	trendikas
trepidation	trepimine
trespass	väärkohtlemine
triad	triad
triage	triaaž
trial	kohtuprotsess
triangle	kolmnurk
triangular	kolmnurkne
triangulate	triangulida
triathlon	triatlon
tribal	suguvõsa
tribe	hõim
tribulation	viletsus
tribunal	kohus
tribune	tribune
tributary	lisajõed
tribute	austust
trick	trikk
trickery	petlikkus
trickle	säästa
trickster	trickster
tricky	keeruline
tricycle	kolmerattaline mootorsõiduk
trident	trident
trifle	trivia
trifling	tühine
trig	trig
trigger	vallandada
trigonometry	trigonomeetria
trillion	triljonit
trilogy	triloogia
trim	trimmima
trimester	trimestriga
trimmer	trimmer
trimming	korrastamine
trine	Trine
trinity	kolmainsus
trinket	nippe
trio	trio
trip	reisi
tripartite	kolmepoolne
tripe	tripe
triple	kolmekordne
triplet	triplett
triplicate	kolmekordselt
tripod	statiiv
tripping	väljalülitamine
trite	tühi
tritium	triitium
triumph	triumf
triumphant	võidukas
trivia	triviaid
trivial	triviaalne
troll	troll
trolley	käru
trombone	tromboon
troop	sõjavägi
trooper	sõdur
troops	väed
trophy	trofee
tropic	troopiline
tropical	troopiline
tropics	troopikaid
trot	sõud
trouble	hädas
troubled	rahutu
troublemaker	häirija
troubles	mured
troublesome	murettekitav
trough	minimaalne
troupe	trupp
trousers	püksid
trout	forell
trowel	kellu
truce	vaherahu
truck	veoauto
trucker	veoauto
truckload	veoauto laadimine
truculent	truculent
true	TÕSI
truelove	tõeline armastus
truffle	trühvli
truism	truism
trump	lühike
trumpet	trompet
trumpeter	trompett
truncate	lühenda
truncated	kärbitud
trundle	sirge
trunk	pagasiruumi
truss	kobar
trust	usaldust
trustee	usaldusisik
trusting	usaldav
trustworthy	usaldusväärne
trusty	usaldusväärne
truth	tõde
truthful	tõene
truthfulness	tõesus
try	proovige
tryout	proovi järgi
tryouts	proovimine
tsunami	tsunami
tub	vanni
tuba	tuba
tubby	tubby
tube	toru
tuberculosis	tuberkuloos
tubing	torud
tubular	torukujuline
tubule	kanal
tuck	rippuma
tucker	tucker
tuesday	teisipäeval
tufted	tufted
tug	sikutama
tugboat	puksiirlaev
tuition	õppemaksu
tulip	tulip
tumble	trummima
tumbler	NO TRANSLATION
tumbleweed	tumbleweed
tummy	kõht
tumor	kasvaja
tumour	kasvaja
tumult	tumult
tumultuous	kummaline
tun	NO TRANSLATION
tuna	tuunikala
tunable	häälestatav
tune	häälestama
tunic	tuunika
tuning	häälestamine
tunnel	tunnel
turban	turban
turbidity	hägusus
turbine	turbiin
turbo	turbo
turbulence	turbulentsus
turbulent	rahutu
turd	turd
turf	terav
turkey	Türgi
turmeric	kurkum
turmoil	segadus
turn	pööra
turnaround	pööra ümber
turned	pööratud
turning	keerates
turnip	naeris
turnkey	võtmed kätte
turnoff	NO TRANSLATION
turnout	valimisaktiivsus
turnover	käive
turnpike	võistluskeskus
turntable	pöördlauas
turpentine	terpertiin
turquoise	türkiissinine
turret	torn
turtle	kilpkonn
turtleneck	sukkpüksik
tussle	tussle
tutelage	hooldusõigus
tutor	juhendaja
tutoring	juhendamine
tutu	tutu
tux	Tux
tuxedo	smokingu
tv	TV
twain	kaks
twat	twat
twats	twats
tweak	näpistama
tweed	Tweed
tweet	piiksuma
tweezers	pintsetid
twelfth	kaheteistkümnes
twelve	kaksteist
twentieth	kahekümnenda
twenty	kakskümmend
twerp	twerp
twig	põsesamm
twilight	hämarik
twill	sarves
twin	kaksik
twine	nöörid
twinge	paar
twinkle	vilkuma
twins	kaksikud
twirl	pöörata
twist	twist
twisted	keerutatud
twister	tester
twit	tüli
twitch	kibestama
twitching	tõmbamine
twitchy	kummitav
two	kaks
two step	kaks sammu
twofaced	NO TRANSLATION
twofold	kahekordne
twosome	kaheosaline
tycoon	suurärimees
tyke	türa
type	tüüp
typewriter	kirjutusmasin
typhoid	tühetus
typhoon	taifuun
typical	tüüpiline
typically	tavaliselt
typist	masinakirjutaja
typo	tüp
typography	tüpograafia
tyrannical	türaniline
tyranny	türannia
tyrant	türann
tyre	rehv
ubiquitous	üldlevinud
ubiquity	kõikjal
ugliness	õnneks
ugly	inetu
uhoh	NO TRANSLATION
ukulele	ukulele
ulcer	haavand
ulterior	varjatud
ultimate	parim
ultimately	lõpuks
ultimatum	ultimaatum
ultimo	NO TRANSLATION
ultrasound	ultraheli
ultraviolet	ultraviolett
umbilical	naba
umbra	umbra
umbrella	vihmavari
umpire	kohtunik
umpteen	mitu inimest
unabashed	unabashed
unabated	jätmata
unable	ei suuda
unacceptable	vastuvõetamatu
unaccompanied	saatjata
unaccountable	vastutustundetu
unaccounted	arvestamata
unacknowledged	tunnustamata
unadulterated	tõrjutud
unaffected	puutumata
unafraid	kartmata
unaided	ilma abita
unaltered	muutmata
unambiguous	üheselt mõistetav
unanimity	ühehäälselt
unanimous	ühehäälselt
unanimously	ühehäälselt
unannounced	ette teatamata
unanswered	vastuseta
unanticipated	ootamatu
unappreciated	ebaõnnestunud
unapproved	kinnitamata
unarmed	relvastamata
unassisted	abistamata
unassuming	alandamatu
unattached	kinnitamata
unattainable	kättesaamatu
unattended	järelevalveta
unattractive	ebameeldiv
unauthorized	volitamata
unavailable	kättesaamatu
unavoidable	vältimatu
unaware	teadmata
unbalanced	tasakaalustamata
unbearable	talumatu
unbeatable	ületamatu
unbeaten	löömata
unbecoming	ebasobiv
unbelief	uskmatus
unbelievable	uskumatu
unbiased	erapooletu
unborn	sündimata
unbound	sidumata
unbounded	piiranguteta
unbreakable	purunematu
unbridled	unbridled
unbroken	katkematu
unbutton	unbutton
uncalled	kutsutud
uncanny	ebameeldiv
uncaring	uncaring
uncensured	NO TRANSLATION
uncertain	ebakindel
uncertainty	ebakindlus
unchallenged	vaidlustamata
unchangeable	muutumatu
unchanged	muutmata
uncharted	kaardistamata
uncherished	NO TRANSLATION
uncivilized	tsiviliseerimata
unclaimed	taotlemata
uncle	onu
unclean	roojane
unclear	ebaselge
uncomfortable	ebamugav
uncommon	aeg-ajalt
uncommonly	aeg-ajalt
uncomplicated	lihtne
uncompromising	kompromissitu
unconcerned	murettekitav
unconditional	tingimusteta
unconfirmed	kinnitamata
unconnected	ühendamata
unconscionable	ebamõistlik
unconscious	teadvuseta
unconsciousness	teadvusetus
unconstitutional	põhiseadusega vastuolus olev
unconstrained	piiramatu
uncontested	vaidlustamata
uncontrollable	kontrollimatu
uncontrolled	kontrollimatu
unconventional	ebatavaline
unconvinced	veendunud
unconvincing	veenev
uncooked	kuumtöötlemata
uncooperative	mittekooperatiivne
uncorrelated	korreleerimata
uncouth	uncouth
uncover	paljastama
uncritical	kriitiline
uncut	lõikamata
undead	Undead
undecided	lahendamata
undefeated	võitmatu
undefined	määratlemata
undeniable	vaieldamatu
underage	alaealised
underbelly	alateadlik
undercover	salajane
undercurrent	alamvoo
underdog	alandlik
underestimate	alahinnata
undergo	läbima
undergraduate	bakalaureuseõpe
underground	maa all
underhanded	alahinnatud
underlay	aluskiht
underlie	aluseks
underline	rõhutama
underlying	aluseks olev
undermine	õõnestada
undermined	kahjustatud
underneath	allpool
underpaid	alahinnatud
underpants	aluspüksid
underprivileged	ebasoodsas olukorras olevad inimesed
underrated	alahinnatud
underscore	allakriipsutage
undersea	merealune
undersecretary	asekantsler
undersized	alamõõduline
understaffed	alahinnatud
understand	mõista
understandable	arusaadav
understanding	mõistmine
understatement	alahindamine
understood	arusaadav
understudy	mõrtsukas
undertake	kohustuvad
undertaker	ettevõtja
undertaking	ettevõtja
undertow	allapoole
underwear	aluspesu
underwood	allwood
underworld	allmaailm
underwrite	kindlustama
underwriter	kindlustusandja
undeserved	ära teeninud
undesirable	soovimatu
undesired	soovimatu
undetectable	tuvastamatu
undetected	avastamata
undetermined	määramata
undeveloped	arendamata
undignified	undignified
undirected	orienteerimata
undisclosed	avalikustamata
undiscovered	avastamata
undisputed	vaieldamatu
undisturbed	häirimata
undivided	jagamata
undo	tühistada
undoing	tühistamine
undoubted	kahtlemata
undress	lahutama
undressed	maha lõigatud
undue	põhjendamatu
undying	surematu
unearned	teadmata
unearth	maha jätma
uneasiness	rahutus
uneasy	rahutu
uneducated	harimatu
unemployed	töötud
unemployment	tööpuudus
unencumbered	koormamata
unending	lõputu
unequal	ebavõrdne
unequalled	võrratu
unequivocal	ühemõtteline
unequivocally	ühemõtteliselt
unethical	ebaeetiline
uneven	ebaühtlane
uneventful	nähtamatu
unexpected	ootamatu
unexpectedly	ootamatult
unexplainable	selgitamata
unexplained	seletamatu
unexplored	uurimata
unfailing	katkematu
unfair	ebaõiglane
unfairness	ebaõiglus
unfaithful	ebaõiglane
unfamiliar	tundmatu
unfavorable	ebasoodne
unfeeling	unfeeling
unfettered	piiramatu
unfinished	lõpetamata
unfit	sobimatu
unflinching	lakkamatu
unfold	lahti
unfollow	tühistama
unforeseen	ettenägematu
unforgettable	unustamatu
unforgivable	unforgivable
unforgiving	unustamatu
unfortunate	kahetsusväärne
unfortunately	kahjuks
unfounded	põhjendamatu
unfreeze	vabastama
unfriendly	ebasõbralik
unfulfilled	täitmata
unfurnished	möbleerimata
unglued	unglued
ungodly	kõlvatu
ungrateful	ebaõiglane
unguarded	valveta
unhand	NO TRANSLATION
unhappiness	õnnetus
unhappy	õnnetu
unharmed	vigastamata
unhealthy	ebatervislik
unheard	ennekuulmatu
unhelpful	kasulik
unhindered	takistusteta
unholy	lootusetu
unhook	lahti võtma
unicorn	ükssarvik
unidentified	tundmatu
unification	ühendamine
unified	ühendatud
uniform	ühtne
uniformed	vormiriietus
uniformity	ühtsus
uniformly	ühtlaselt
unimaginable	mõeldamatu
unimpeachable	unimpeachable
unimpeached	unimpeached
unimportant	ebaoluline
unimpressed	unimpressed
unimproved	parandamata
uninfected	nakatumata
uninformed	teadmata
uninhabited	asustamata
uninitiated	uninitiated
uninspired	uninspired
unintelligible	arusaamatu
unintended	tahtmata
unintentional	tahtmatu
unintentionally	tahtmatult
uninterested	mitte huvitatud
uninteresting	ebahuvitav
uninterrupted	katkematu
uninvited	kutsumata
union	liit
unique	unikaalne
unisex	unisex
unison	unison
unit	üksus
unitary	ühtne
unite	ühendada
united	ühendatud
unity	ühtsus
universal	universaalne
universality	universaalsus
universe	universum
university	ülikool
unjust	ebaõiglane
unjustifiable	põhjendamatu
unjustified	põhjendamatu
unkind	ebameeldiv
unknowable	teadmata
unknown	teadmata
unlawful	ebaseaduslik
unleash	vallandama
unlicensed	litsentsimata
unlike	erinevalt
unlikely	ebatõenäoline
unlimited	piiramatu
unlisted	noteerimata
unload	maha laadima
unloaded	maha laaditud
unlock	avage
unlucky	õnnetu
unmanageable	juhitamatu
unmanned	mehitamata
unmarked	märkimata
unmarried	vallaline
unmask	maskima
unmatched	tasakaalustamata
unmistakable	eksimatu
unmitigated	nõrk
unmoved	liikumatu
unnamed	nimetamata
unnatural	ebaloomulik
unnecessary	mittevajalik
unneeded	mittevajalik
unnoticed	märkamatuks
unnumbered	nummerdatud
unobserved	tähelepanuta jäetud
unobstructed	takistusteta
unobtrusive	pealetükkiv
unoccupied	vabad
unofficial	mitteametlik
unopened	avamata
unopposed	vastamata
unordered	ebamõistlik
unorganised	organiseerimata
unorganized	organiseerimata
unorthodox	unorthodox
unpack	lahti pakkima
unpaid	tasumata
unparalleled	võrratu
unpleasant	ebameeldiv
unpleasantness	ebameeldivus
unplug	lahti ühendage
unplugged	lahti ühendatud
unpopular	ebapopulaarne
unprecedented	enneolematu
unpredictable	ettearvamatu
unprepared	ettevalmistamata
unpretentious	tagasihoidlik
unproductive	ebatõhus
unprofessional	ebaprofessionaalne
unprofitable	kahjumlik
unprotected	kaitsmata
unproven	tõestamata
unprovoked	provotseerimata
unpublished	avaldamata
unpunished	karistamata
unqualified	kvalifitseerimata
unquestionable	vaieldamatu
unquestionably	kahtlemata
unquestioned	kahtlemata
unquote	kommenteeri
unravel	lahti röövima
unreachable	kättesaamatu
unread	lugemata
unreal	ebareaalne
unrealistic	ebareaalne
unreasonable	ebamõistlik
unrecorded	registreerimata
unregistered	registreerimata
unregulated	reguleerimata
unrelated	mitteseotud
unrelenting	ebakindel
unreliable	ebausaldusväärne
unremarkable	unremarkable
unrepentant	unrepentant
unrequited	vastutustundetu
unresolved	lahendamata
unresponsive	vastuseta
unrest	rahutused
unrestrained	piiramatu
unrestricted	piiramatu
unromantic	unromantiline
unruly	ebakindel
unsafe	ohtlik
unsanitary	ebasanitaarne
unsatisfactory	ebarahuldav
unsatisfied	rahulolematu
unsavory	ebameeldiv
unscathed	vaevatud
unscheduled	planeerimata
unscientific	ebateaduslik
unscrew	keerake lahti
unscrupulous	hoolimatu
unseat	katkestama
unseen	nähtamatu
unselfish	omakasupüüdmatu
unsettled	rahutu
unsightly	inetu
unsolicited	soovimatu
unsolved	lahendamata
unsophisticated	keerutamata
unsound	põhjendamatu
unspeakable	kirjeldamatu
unspecified	täpsustamata
unspoken	lausumata
unstable	ebastabiilne
unsteady	ebastabiilne
unstoppable	peatamatu
unsuccessful	ebaõnnestus
unsuitable	sobimatu
unsung	ununenud
unsupervised	järelevalveta
unsupported	toetamata
unsure	kindel
unsurpassed	ületamatu
unsuspecting	pahaaimamatu
unsustainable	jätkusuutmatu
unsweetened	magustamata
unsympathetic	ebasümpaatiline
untamed	untamed
untenable	põhjendamatu
untested	testimata
unthinkable	mõeldamatu
untidy	kasimatu
untie	untie
untimely	ennenägematu
untitled	ilma pealkirjata
untold	ütlemata
untouchable	puutumatu
untouched	puutumatu
untoward	ebasoovitav
untraceable	jäljendamatu
untrained	treenimata
untranslated	tõlkimata
untroubled	murettekitav
untrue	ebaõiglane
untrustworthy	ebausaldusväärne
unturned	ümberpööratud
unused	kasutamata
unusual	ebatavaline
unusually	ebatavaline
unutterable	kõlbmatu
unveil	avalikustama
unveiling	avamine
unverified	kontrollimata
unwanted	soovimatu
unwarranted	põhjendamatu
unwary	ettevaatamatu
unwashed	pesemata
unwavering	vankumatu
unwed	unwed
unwelcome	ebasoovitav
unwell	halvasti
unwilling	tahtmata
unwillingly	soovimatult
unwillingness	soovimatus
unwind	lõõgastuma
unwise	ebaõiglane
unwitting	unwitting
unwittingly	tahtmatult
unworthy	mitteväärne
unwrap	lahti pakkima
unwritten	kirjutamata
unyielding	vastupidav
unzip	unzip
upbeat	optimistlik
upbringing	kasvatamine
upcoming	tulemas
update	värskendage
upgrade	uuendada
upheaval	üleujutus
uphill	ülesmäge
uphold	kinni pidama
upholstery	nahkpolster
upkeep	ülalpidamine
upland	mäestik
uplands	kõrgendikud
uplift	tõusulaine
uplifting	ülendamine
uplink	ülesling
upload	Laadi üles
upper	ülemine
uppercut	overcut
uppity	surnust
upright	püsti
uprising	ülestõusmine
uproar	uproar
upscale	kõrgekvaliteediline
upset	ärritunud
upshot	tulemuseks
upstairs	ülakorrusel
upstanding	upstanding
upstart	upstart
uptight	vastupidav
upward	ülespoole
upwards	ülespoole
uranium	uraan
urban	linnaline
urchin	urchin
urge	tungida
urgency	kiireloomulisus
urgent	kiireloomuline
urinal	pissuaari
urinalysis	uriinianalüüs
urinate	urineerima
urination	urineerimine
urine	uriin
urn	urn
usable	kasutatav
usage	kasutamine
use	kasutage
used	kasutatud
useful	kasulik
usefully	kasulikult
usefulness	kasulikkus
useless	kasutud
user	kasutaja
usher	usher
usual	tavaline
usurp	usurp
usurped	usurpeeritud
usury	usuvabadus
utensil	kööginõud
uterus	emakas
utilitarian	utilitaarne
utility	kasulikkust
utilization	kasutamine
utilize	ära kasutama
utmost	äärmiselt
utopian	utoopiline
utter	kõnelema
utterance	lausung
utterly	täiesti
vacancy	vakantsus
vacant	vabanenud
vacate	vabastama
vacation	puhkus
vaccination	vaktsineerimine
vaccine	vaktsiin
vacuolar	vacuolar
vacuole	vakuoleeritakse
vacuous	tühine
vacuum	vaakum
vagabond	vagabond
vagina	tupp
vaginal	tupe
vagrancy	viletsus
vagrant	vagrant
vague	ebamäärane
vagueness	ebamäärasus
vainly	asjatult
valance	valance
vale	vale
valedictorian	valediktorian
valentine	valentine
valet	valet
valiant	valiant
valid	kehtib
validate	valideerima
validation	kinnitamine
validity	kehtivus
valium	valium
valley	orus
valor	NO TRANSLATION
valuable	väärtuslik
valuables	väärisesemed
valuation	hindamine
value	väärtus
valve	ventiil
vamoose	NO TRANSLATION
vamp	vamp
vampire	vampiir
van	NO TRANSLATION
vandal	vandaal
vandalism	vandalism
vane	laba
vanguard	esirinnas
vanilla	vanill
vanish	kaob
vanished	kadusin
vanishing	kadumas
vanity	vanity
vanquish	võita
vanquished	võitnud
vanquishing	võita
vantage	vantage
vapor	aur
vara	NO TRANSLATION
variable	muutuv
variance	dispersioon
variation	variatsioon
variations	variatsioonid
varicella	tuulerõuged
varicose	veenilaiend
varied	mitmekesine
variegated	kirev
variety	sort
various	erinevad
varmint	varmint
varnish	lakk
varsity	varsity
vary	erineda
varying	erinevad
vascular	vaskulaarne
vase	vaas
vasectomy	vasektoomia
vassal	vasall
vast	suur
vat	vat
vaudeville	vaudeville
vault	võlv
vaulted	võlvitud
vaulting	vaulting
veal	vasikaliha
vector	vektor
veer	veer
vega	Vega
vegan	vegan
vegetable	köögivilja
vegetarian	taimetoitlane
vegetarianism	taimetoitlus
vegetation	taimestik
vegetative	vegetatiivne
veggie	veggie
vehement	karm
vehicle	sõiduki
veil	loor
veiled	volditud
vein	vein
veined	veined
vellum	vellum
velocity	kiirus
velour	veluur
velvet	samet
velvety	sametine
vena	vena
vendetta	vendetta
vending	müügiautomaadid
vendor	müüja
veneer	spoon
venerable	auväärne
veneration	austamine
venereal	sugukondlik
venetian	venetian
vengeance	kättemaksu
vengeful	kättemaks
venison	venna
venom	mürk
venomous	mürgine
venous	venoosne
vent	vent
ventilation	ventilatsioon
ventilator	ventilaator
venting	ventileerimine
ventricle	ventrikel
ventricular	ventrikulaarne
ventriloquist	ventriloquist
venture	venture
venue	koht
veracity	õigsus
veranda	veranda
verb	verb
verbal	verbaalne
verbatim	sõna-sõnalt
verbiage	verbiage
verbose	verbose
verbosity	paljusus
verdant	verdant
verdict	kohtuotsus
verge	äärel
verification	kontrollimine
verified	kinnitatud
verify	kinnitada
verily	tõesti
veritable	tõeline
vermin	kahjurid
vermouth	vermut
vernacular	rahvakeelne
vernal	vernal
veronica	veronica
versatile	mitmekülgne
versatility	mitmekülgsus
verse	salm
version	versioon
versus	versus
vert	vert
vertebra	selgroolüli
vertebral	vertebral
vertex	tipp
vertical	vertikaalne
vertically	vertikaalselt
vertigo	vertiigo
verve	verve
very negative	väga negatiivne
very positive	väga positiivne
veryangry	NO TRANSLATION
vesicle	vesiikul
vesicular	vesicular
vessel	laev
vest	vest
vested	omandatud
vestibule	vestibüül
vestige	vestige
vet	loomaarst
veteran	veteran
veterinarian	veterinaararst
veterinary	veterinaaria
veto	vetoõigus
vexed	tüütu
viability	elujõulisus
viable	elujõuline
viaduct	viadukt
vial	viaal
vibe	vibe
vibes	vibreerib
vibrant	elav
vibrate	vibreerima
vibration	vibratsioon
vibrator	vibraator
vibratory	vibreeriv
vicar	vikar
vicarious	vallaline
vice	asepresident
viceroy	viceroy
vicinity	läheduses
vicious	tigedad
victim	ohver
victimized	ohvriks langenud
victor	võitja
victoria	victoria
victorious	võidukas
victory	võit
video	video
video game	videomäng
videotape	videolind
vie	NO TRANSLATION
view	vaade
viewer	vaataja
viewing	vaatamine
viewpoint	vaatenurk
vigil	vigil
vigilance	valvsus
vigilant	valvsad
vigilante	vigilante
vignette	vignette
vigor	jõud
vigorous	jõuline
viking	viking
vile	vile
villa	villa
village	küla
villager	külaelanik
villain	kurjategija
villainous	kurjategija
vinaigrette	vinaigrette
vindicate	tõestama
vindicated	õigustatud
vindication	tõestamine
vindictive	süütu
vine	viinapuu
vinegar	äädikas
vineyard	viinamarjaistandus
vintage	vintage
vinyl	vinüül
viola	viola
violate	rikkuda
violation	rikkumine
violence	vägivald
violent	vägivaldne
violently	vägivaldselt
violet	violetne
violin	viiul
violinist	viiuldaja
viper	viper
viral	viirusne
virgin	neitsi
virginal	virginal
virginity	neitsilikkus
virility	vaimulikkus
virology	viroloogia
virtual	virtuaalne
virtually	praktiliselt
virtue	voorus
virtuoso	virtuoos
virtuous	vooruslik
virulence	virulentsus
virus	viirus
visa	viisa
visage	NO TRANSLATION
viscosity	viskoossus
viscous	viskoosne
vise	NO TRANSLATION
visibility	nähtavus
visible	nähtav
visibly	nähtavalt
vision	nägemine
visionary	visionäär
visit	külastada
visitation	külastatavus
visiting	külastades
visitor	külaline
visor	visiir
vista	vista
visual	visuaalne
visualize	visualiseerima
vital	eluliselt tähtis
vitality	elujõudu
vitals	elulised
vitamin	vitamiin
vitreous	klaaskeha
viva	viva
vivacious	vivacious
vivid	elav
vixen	vixen
vocabulary	sõnavara
vocal	vokaal
vocalist	laulja
vocation	kutsumus
vodka	viin
vogue	moes
voice	hääl
voiceless	hääletu
voicemail	kõneposti
void	tühine
volatile	lenduv
volatility	volatiilsus
volcanic	vulkaaniline
volcano	vulkaan
volition	tahe
volley	volley
volleyball	võrkpall
voltage	Pinge
voltmeter	voltmeeter
volume	maht
volumes	mahud
voluminous	mahukas
voluntarily	vabatahtlikult
voluntary	vabatahtlik
volunteer	vabatahtlik
volunteering	vabatahtlik tegevus
volunteers	vabatahtlikud
voluptuous	lummav
vomit	oksendama
vomiting	oksendamine
voodoo	voodoo
voracious	ribarune
vortex	keerduma
vote	hääletama
voter	valija
voting	hääletamine
votive	votive
vouch	garanteerima
voucher	kviitung
vow	lubadus
vowel	täishäälik
voyage	reisi
voyager	reisija
voyeur	voyeur
vulgar	vulgar
vulgarity	vgaarsus
vulnerability	haavatavus
vulnerable	haavatav
vulture	raisakotkas
wacko	wacko
wacky	hull
wad	wad
waddle	lahkuma
wade	wade
wafer	vahvel
waffle	vahvlik
wag	wag
wage	palk
wager	kihlvedu
wages	palgad
wagon	vagun
wail	viga
waist	vöökoht
waistcoat	vest
waistline	vöökoht
wait	oota
waiter	kelner
waiting	ootab
waitinggame	NO TRANSLATION
waitress	ettekandja
waive	loobuma
waiver	loobumine
wake	ärkasin
walk	jalutuskäik
walker	jalutaja
walking	jalgsi
walkout	jalutuskäik
wall	sein
wallaby	wallaby
wallet	rahakott
wallflower	seffloor
wallop	mööda
wallow	voolama
wallpaper	tapeet
walnut	pähkel
walrus	Walrus
waltz	valss
wan	NO TRANSLATION
wand	rusuke
wander	tibuma
wanderer	rändur
wandering	uitamine
wane	läheb ära
waning	väheneb
wanker	wanker
wannabe	vaimukas
wannasleep	NO TRANSLATION
want	tahad
wanting	tahab
wanton	kõhn
war	sõda
warbler	kummardus
warcrimes	NO TRANSLATION
ward	salong
warden	eestkostja
wardrobe	riidekapp
ware	nõud
warehouse	ladu
warfare	sõjapidamine
warhead	sõjapidamine
warlike	sõjapidav
warlock	kummitaja
warlord	sõjapealik
warm	soe
warming	soojenemine
warms	soojendab
warmth	soojust
warn	hoiata
warned	hoiatas
warning	hoiatus
warp	lõime
warpath	sõjapidamine
warped	kummardunud
warrant	õigustama
warranted	õigustatud
warrants	garanteerib
warranty	garantii
warren	Warren
warrior	sõdalane
warship	sõjalaev
wart	köha
wartime	sõjaaeg
wary	ettevaatlik
wash	peske
washed	pestud
washer	pesumasin
washing	pesemine
washout	väljaheitmine
washroom	pesuruum
wasp	isp
waste	jäätmed
wastebasket	jäätmekogu
wasted	raisatud
wasteful	raiskamine
wasteland	tühermaad
wasting	raiskamine
watch	vaata
watchdog	valvur
watcher	vaataja
watchful	tähelepanelik
watchman	NO TRANSLATION
watchout	Vaata ette
watchtower	vaatetorn
water	vesi
water polo	vesi polo
waterbed	veekindel
watercourse	vooluveekogu
watered	joota
waterfall	juga
waterfront	rannapiirkond
watering can	kastekann
watermelon	arbuus
waterproof	veekindel
waterworks	veevärg
watery	vesine
wave	Laine
wavelength	lainepikkus
waver	vibreerima
wavering	ärkamine
waves	lained
wavy	laineline
wax	vaha
waxed	vahatatud
waxy	vahajas
way	tee
ways	viisid
wayward	sujuvalt
weak	nõrk
weaken	nõrgendama
weakened	nõrgenenud
weakling	nõrkadeks
weakly	nõrgalt
weakness	nõrkus
wealth	jõukus
wealthy	jõukas
weapon	relv
weaponry	relvastus
wear	kulumine
wearer	kandja
wearily	tahtlikult
weariness	väsimus
wearing	seljas
weary	väsinud
weasel	tüli
weather	ilm
weathered	ilmastikukindel
weatherman	ilmastikuolud
weatherproof	ilmastikukindel
weave	jutustama
web	võrk
website	veebisait
wed	kolmapäev
wedded	paaritatud
wedding	pulmad
wedge	kiilu
wedlock	abielu
wee	wee
weed	umbrohi
weeding	umbrohutõrje
weeds	umbrohi
weedy	umbrohu
weeeee	NO TRANSLATION
week	nädal
weekday	nädalapäev
weekend	nädalavahetusel
weekly	nädalas
weenie	weenie
weep	nutma
weeping	nutke
weeping willow	naeratades paju
weepy	nõtke
weigh	kaaluge
weighing	kaalumine
weight	kaal
weightless	kaalutu
weightloss	NO TRANSLATION
weights	kaalud
weighty	kaalukas
weir	veetma
weird	imelik
weirdness	imelikumaks
weirdo	jumalakartus
welcome	Tere tulemast
welcomed	teretulnud
welcoming	tervitades
weld	keevitada
welder	keevitaja
welding	keevitamine
welfare	heaolu
wellhead	süvend
wellness	heaolu
welsh	kõmri
welt	NO TRANSLATION
wen	NO TRANSLATION
wench	kõhn
werewolf	Libahunt
west	lääne suunas
westbound	westbound
western	lääneosa
wet	niiske
wetback	wetback
whack	lööma
whale	vaala
whaling	vaalapüük
wham	Wham
whammy	hirmu
wharf	kai
whatdoido	NO TRANSLATION
whatif	mis siis kui
whatmakesmesmile	NO TRANSLATION
whatnot	mitte midagi
whatsoever	mis iganes
whatsthepoint	NO TRANSLATION
wheat	nisu
wheel	ratas
wheel barrow	NO TRANSLATION
wheelbarrow	käru
wheelchair	ratastool
wheels	rattad
wheeze	hingeldama
whelp	whelp
whereabouts	asukoht
wherefore	miks
wherewith	sellega seoses
wherewithal	sellega seoses
whet	nisu
whiff	viga
whilst	samal ajal
whim	kapriis
whimper	hingeldama
whimsical	kummaline
whimsy	kummitused
whine	hingama
whiny	hingeldama
whip	piitsa
whiplash	kiilaspäisus
whipped	vahustatud
whirl	keerake
whirlpool	mullivann
whirlwind	keeristorm
whisk	viskama
whisker	viker
whiskers	vorstid
whiskey	viski
whisky	viski
whisper	sosin
whispered	sosistas
whistle	vile
whit	kullake
white	valge
whitefish	valge jõgi
whiteness	valgus
whitewash	valgendama
whitish	valkjas
whittle	kollakas
whiz	viuhti
whole	terve
wholesale	hulgimüük
wholesome	tervislik
wholly	tervikuna
whoo	kes on
whoop	hirmu
whopper	vapper
whopping	kummaline
whore	hoor
whorehouse	Whorehouse
wick	wick
wicked	kurjategija
wickedness	pahelisus
wicker	vitstest
wicket	tõukejõu
wide	lai
widely	laialt
widen	laienema
widespread	laialt levinud
widow	lesk
widowed	lesk
widower	lesk
width	laius
wield	valdama
wiener	viiner
wienie	NO TRANSLATION
wife	naine
wig	parukas
wiggle	vibreerima
wight	valgus
wiki	wiki
wild	looduses
wildcat	wildcat
wildebeest	rukkivaba
wilderness	kõrbes
wildfire	looduskaunis
wildlife	elusloodus
will	tahe
willful	tahtlik
willies	kobaras
willing	soovin
willingly	vabatahtlikult
willingness	tahtmine
willow	paju
willpower	tahtejõudu
wilt	wilt
wilted	libiseb
wily	kavalagi
wimp	wimp
wimpy	wimpy
win	võita
wince	valvama
winch	vints
wind	tuul
windbag	tuulepulk
windfall	ootamatu
winding	mähis
windmill	tuuleveski
window	aken
windowsill	NO TRANSLATION
windpipe	türa
windshield	tuuleklaas
windy	tuuline
wine	vein
wine cooler	veini jahuti
wing	tiib
winged	tiivuline
winger	Winger
wingman	sõdur
wink	minema
winner	võitja
winning	võitnud
winnings	võidud
wino	NO TRANSLATION
winter	talvel
winterbreak	NO TRANSLATION
wintertime	talvel
wintery	talvine
wintry	talvine
wipe	pühkige
wiper	klaasipuhasti
wire	traat
wired	ühendatud
wireless	traadita
wiretap	telefonitoru
wiring	juhtmestik
wis	wis
wisdom	tarkus
wise	tark
wish	soovi
wishbone	soovikõlblik
wishful	soovitav
wishing	soovides
wishmeluck	soovi mulle edu
wisp	nina
wistful	tark
wit	vaimne
witch	nõid
witchcraft	nõidustööd
withal	viga
withdraw	tagasi võtma
withdrawal	taganemine
withdrawals	väljavõtmine
withdrawn	endassetõmbunud
wither	õhtune
withered	kuivanud
withering	ärkamine
withhold	pidage kinni
withholding	kinnipidamine
withstand	vastu pidama
witless	vaimselt
witness	tunnistaja
wits	Mõistmine
witty	vaimukas
wiz	wiz
wizard	nõustaja
wobble	vibreerima
wobbly	vibbly
woe	hirmu
woeful	kurb
woefully	haletsusväärselt
wok	wok
wokemeup	NO TRANSLATION
wolf	hunt
wolverine	Wolverine
woman	naine
womanhood	naiselikkus
womanizer	naine
womanly	naine
womb	emakas
wonder	imesta
wonderful	imeline
wonderfully	imeliselt
wonderment	imetlus
wondrous	imeline
wont	NO TRANSLATION
woo	woo
wood	puit
woodcut	puuküte
wooden	puidust
woodland	metsamaa
woodlands	metsamaa
woodpecker	rähn
woods	metsad
woodshed	metsamajandus
woodsman	metsaomanik
woodwork	puittooted
woody	puitunud
woof	woof
woohoo	woohoo
wooing	wooing
wool	villa
woolen	villane
woolly	villane
woot	woot
woozy	woozy
wop	wop
word	sõna
wording	sõnastus
words	sõnad
wordy	sõnasõnaline
work	töö
workaholic	töökoorlik
workbook	töövihik
worker	töötaja
working	töötav
workings	töödega
workload	töökoormus
workman	töötaja
workmanship	töötlus
workout	treening
workplace	töökoht
works	töötab
workshop	töökoda
workup	ülestöötamine
world	maailm
worldly	maine
worldwide	kogu maailmas
worm	uss
wormhole	ussiauk
wormwood	usulugu
worn	kulunud
worried	mures
worries	mured
worry	muretsema
worrying	murettekitav
worse	halvem
worsening	halvenemine
worship	kummardama
worshipful	kummardama
worstfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
worth	väärt
worthless	väärtusetu
worthwhile	kasulik
worthy	väärt
wot	wot
would	oleks
wound	haavata
wounded	haavatud
wounding	haavata
wounds	haavad
wracking	wracking
wrangler	Wrangler
wrangling	vőitlemine
wrap	mähkima
wrapper	ümbris
wrapping	pakendamine
wrath	viha
wrathful	vihane
wreak	rääkima
wreath	pärg
wreck	vrakk
wreckage	vrakk
wrecked	avariiline
wrecker	õnnetusjuht
wrench	mutrivõti
wrenching	wrenching
wrest	maadama
wrestle	maadlema
wrestler	maadleja
wrestling	maadlus
wretch	vaene
wretched	kurjav
wriggle	lööma
wright	voorus
wring	tõmmake
wringer	tihendaja
wrinkle	kortsutama
wrinkled	kortsus
wrist	randmeosa
wristband	rihm
wristwatch	käekell
writ	kirjutab
write	kirjuta
writer	kirjanik
writing	kirjalikult
written	kirjutatud
wrong	valesti
wrongdoing	õigusvastane
wrongful	ebaõiglane
wrongly	valesti
wrought	sepistatud
wry	wry
xanax	xanax
xenophobia	ksenofoobia
xerox	xerox
xmas	xmas
xoxo	xoxo
yaaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaay	NO TRANSLATION
yacht	jaht
yachting	purjetamine
yahoo	yahoo
yak	jak
yam	yam
yank	jama
yap	NO TRANSLATION
yard	õue
yarn	lõng
yaw	kukkuma
yawn	kummitama
yawning	nägemine
yay	Yay
yayy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyyy	NO TRANSLATION
yea	jah
yeahhh	jah
yeahhhh	NO TRANSLATION
year	aastas
yearbook	aastaraamat
yearling	aastaringselt
yearly	aastas
yearn	igav
yearning	igatsus
years	aastaid
yeast	pärm
yehey	NO TRANSLATION
yell	kutt
yeller	kallis
yelling	karjub
yellow	kollane
yellows	kollane
yelp	kutt
yen	jeen
yeoman	jumal
yesss	yeesid
yessss	yessss
yesterday	eile
yesteryear	minevik
yew	jugapuu
yey	NO TRANSLATION
yield	saagikus
yielding	saagikus
yo-yo	NO TRANSLATION
yodel	jodel
yoga	jooga
yogi	joogi
yogurt	jogurt
yoke	ike
yolk	munarakk
yon	NO TRANSLATION
yonder	seal
young	noor
younger	noorem
youngster	noormees
yousuck	yousuck
youth	noored
youthful	nooruslik
yucky	Jucky
yuletide	õhtusöömaaeg
yummy	Nami
yuppie	yuppie
zany	zany
zap	zap
zeal	innukus
zealot	innukas
zealous	innukas
zebra	zebra
zen	zen
zenith	zenit
zephyr	zephyr
zeppelin	zeppeliin
zest	zest
zesty	kullake
zeta	zeta
zigzag	siksak
zilch	zilch
zillion	zillion
zinc	tsink
zing	NO TRANSLATION
zip	zip
zipper	tõmblukk
zippy	läikiv
zit	NO TRANSLATION
zodiac	Zodiac
zombie	zombie
zone	tsoon
zoning	tsoneerimine
zoo	loomaaed
zoological	zooloogiline
zoology	zooloogia
zoom	zoom
zucchini	suvikõrvits
