Word	eu
aaaaaaah	aaaaaaah
aaaah	NO TRANSLATION
aardvark	aardvark
aback	aback
abacus	abako
abalone	abalone
abandon	bertan behera
abandoned	abandonatutako
abandonment	abandono
abashed	lotsatuta
abate	abate
abatement	murrizteko
abba	abba
abbey	abadia
abbot	abade
abbreviate	laburtu
abbreviation	laburdura
abdomen	abdominalak
abdominal	sabeleko
abduct	abduct
abduction	bahiketa
aberrant	aberrant
aberration	aberrazio
abeyance	abeyance
abhor	gaitzesten
abhorrence	abhorrence
abhorrent	abhorrent
abide	bete beharko
abiding	izkutuko
ability	gaitasuna
abject	abject
ablation	ablazioa
ablaze	ablaze
able	ahal
abnormal	anormal
abnormality	Gorabeheraren
aboard	itsasontzian
abode	abode
abolish	indargabetzeko
abolition	indargabetzea
abominable	abominable
abominate	nardagarri
abomination	abomination
aboriginal	aborigenen
abort	abortatzeko
abortion	abortua
abortive	abortu
abound	ugariak
abovementioned	aipatutako
abracadabra	abracadabra
abrasion	urradura
abrasive	urratzailea
abreast	abreast
abroad	atzerrian
abrogate	indargabetu
abrupt	bortitza
abruptly	bortizki
abscess	absceso
absence	absentzia
absent	absent
absentee	absentee
absenteeism	absentismoa
absinthe	absinthe
absolute	absolutua
absolution	absoluzioa
absolve	absolbitu
absorb	xurgatzen
absorbed	xurgatu
absorbent	xurgatzaile
absorbing	xurgatzeko
absorption	absortzio
abstain	Abstentzioa
abstention	abstentzioa
abstinence	abstinentzia
abstract	abstraktu
abstraction	abstrakzioa
absurd	absurdu
absurdity	zentzugabekeria
abundance	ugaritasuna
abundant	ugaria
abuse	tratu txarrak
abused	neurriz
abusive	gehiegikeri
abutment	abutment
aby	NO TRANSLATION
abysmal	abysmal
abyss	amildegitik
academic	akademikoa
academy	akademia
accede	atxikiko
accelerant	accelerant
accelerate	bizkortzea
accelerated	azeleratu
acceleration	azelerazio
accelerator	azeleragailu
accent	azentuarekin
accentuate	areagotu
accept	onartu
acceptable	onargarria
acceptance	onarpena
acceptances	onarpenak
access	sarbidea
accessible	irisgarria
accession	Atxikitze
accessory	osagarri
accident	istripua
accidental	istripuz
accidentally	ustekabean
acclaim	txalotu
accolade	alorrean
accommodate	moldatzeko
accommodation	ostatua
accompaniment	lagundurik
accompany	batera
accompanying	batera doan
accomplice	konplize
accomplish	betetzeko
accomplished	lortzen
accomplishment	lorpen
accord	akordioa
accordance	jarraiki
accordion	akordeoia
account	kontu
accountability	erantzukizun
accountable	kontuak
accountant	kontulari
accounting	kontabilitate
accounts	kontuak
accredited	akreditatu
accretion	accretion
accrue	sortuko
accueil	NO TRANSLATION
accumulate	pilatu
accumulation	metaketa
accuracy	zehaztasun
accurate	zehatza
accursed	madarikatuak
accusation	salaketa
accusative	akusatiboa
accuse	leporatzen
accused	leporatu
accuser	accuser
accusing	salatuz
accustomed	ohituta
ace	as
acetic	azetiko
acetylene	azetilenoaren
ache	mina
achieve	lortzea
achieved	lortzen
achievement	lorpen
aching	aching
achy	achy
acid	azido
acidity	azidotasun
acknowledge	aitortu
acknowledged	onartu
acknowledgement	errekonozimendua
acknowledgment	errekonozimendua
acme	Acme
acne	aknea
acorn	ezkur
acoustic	akustikoa
acoustics	akustika
acquaint	acquaint
acquaintance	ezagun
acquainted	ezagutu
acquiescence	acquiescence
acquire	eskuratzen
acquiring	eskuratzen
acquisition	eskuratzea
acquisitions	erosketak
acquit	absolbitu
acquittal	absoluzioa
acre	acre
acreage	jabaria
acres	akre
acrobat	acrobat
acrylic	akrilikoa
act	egintza
acting	Ukan
action	ekintza
action figure	ekintza figura
actionable	actionable
activate	aktibatu
activation	aktibazioa
active	aktibo
activist	aktibista
activity	jarduera
actor	aktore
actress	aktorea
actual	benetako
actuality	actuality
actuary	aktuario
acuity	zorroztasun
acumen	acumen
acupuncture	akupuntura
acute	akutua
acutely	acutely
ad	ad
adage	adage
adamant	adamant
adapt	moldatu
adaptable	moldagarria
adaptation	egokitze
add	gehitu
added	gehitu
addendum	addendum
adder	adder
addict	Addictos
addicted	adikzioa
addiction	mendetasuna
addictive	addictive
addition	Horrez
additional	osagarriak
additive	gehigarri
address	helbidea
addressee	hartzaileak
addresses	helbideak
adept	maite
adequacy	egokitasuna
adequate	egokia
adhere	atxikitzen
adherence	atxikimendua
adherent	adherent
adhering	atxikitzea
adhesion	atxikidura
adhesive	itsasgarri
adieu	adieu
adipose	gantz
adjacency	adjacency
adjacent	aldameneko
adjective	adjektibo
adjoining	aldameneko
adjourn	adjourn
adjournment	adjournment
adjudicate	esleitzea
adjudication	adjudikazio
adjunct	batzuetan
adjust	egokitu
adjuster	adituen
adjustment	doikuntza
adjuvant	adjuvant
admin	admin
administer	kudeatzeko
administration	administrazioa
administrative	administratiboak
administrator	administrator
admirable	miresgarria
admiral	almirante
admiralty	Admiralty
admiration	miresmen
admire	miresten
admired	miresten
admirer	miresle
admiring	miresten
admissibility	onargarriak
admissible	onargarria
admission	onarpen
admit	aitortu
admittance	admittance
admitted	onartutakoen
admitting	onartu
admixture	nahaste
admonition	admonition
ado	ADO
adobe	adobe
adolescence	nerabezaroan
adolescent	nerabe
adopt	adoptatu
adoption	adopzioa
adoptive	adopziozko
adorable	adorable
adoration	gurtza
adore	adore
adoring	adoring
adorn	apaintzen
adornment	Apaingarririk
adrenalin	tentsioa
adrenaline	adrenalina
adrift	noraezean
adult	helduen
adulterated	adulterated
adulterer	adulterer
adultery	adulterioak
adulthood	heldutasunera
advance	aurrera
advanced	aurreratu
advancement	aurrerapena
advancing	aurrera
advantage	abantaila
advantageous	onuragarria
advent	etorrerak
adventure	abentura
adventurer	abenturazale
adventures	abenturak
adventurous	abenturazalea
adversary	aurkariarekiko
adverse	kaltegarriak
adversity	zoritxarrean
advertise	Iragarkiak
advertisement	iragarki
advertising	publizitatea
adverts	iragarkiak
advice	aholkularitza
advisable	komenigarria
advise	aholkatzeko
advised	aholkatu
advisement	aholkularitzarekin
adviser	aholkulari
advisor	aholkularia
advisory	Aholku
advocacy	sentsibilizazio
advocate	defendatzaile
aegis	aegis
aeration	aeration
aerial	aireko
aerobics	aerobic
aerodrome	aerodromo
aerodynamic	aerodinamikoak
aerodynamics	aerodinamika
aeronautics	aeronautika
aeroplane	hegazkin
aerospace	aeroespaziala
aesthetic	estetiko
aesthetics	estetika
aetiology	etiologia
afar	urrundik
affable	affable
affair	afera
affect	eraginik
affecting	eragiten
affection	afektua
affectionate	maitekor
affections	atxikimendu
affiche	NO TRANSLATION
affidavit	zinpeko aitorpena
affiliated	afiliatu
affiliation	afiliazio
affinity	kidetasuna
affirm	baiezta
affirmation	afirmaci√≥n
affirmative	baiezko
affirmatively	baietz
affix	hizki
afflict	munduan bizi
afflicted	egondako
affliction	affliction
affluence	oparotasunak
affluent	affluent
afford	ordaindu
affordable	merkean
affront	laido
affronted	affronted
afield	afield
afire	afire
afloat	afloat
afore	arestian
aforementioned	aipatutako
aforesaid	aipatu
afraid	beldur
afresh	afresh
african	african
aft	Popa
afterlife	bIZITZA
aftermath	Kolpe
afternoon	arratsalde
aftershave	aftershave
aftertaste	aftertaste
afterthought	eta eranskin
aga	NO TRANSLATION
agape	agape
agate	Agata
age	adina
aged	onduak
agency	agentzia
agenda	agenda
agent	agentea
agglomeration	aglomerazio
aggravate	areagotu
aggravated	larriagotu
aggravates	aggravates
aggravating	aggravating
aggravation	aggravation
aggregate	agregatua
aggregation	agregazio
aggresive	NO TRANSLATION
aggression	Idatzia
aggressive	oldarkor
aggressively	Agresiboki
aggressiveness	agresibitatea
aggressor	erasotzailea
agh	AGH
aghast	aghast
aghhh	NO TRANSLATION
agile	arin
agility	arintasuna
aging	zahartze
agitate	inarrosten
agitated	agitated
agitation	asaldura
aglow	aglow
agnostic	agnostikoa
ago	duela
agonizing	agonizing
agony	agonia
agoraphobia	Agorafobia
agree	ados
agreeable	atseginak
agreed	adostu
agreeing	adosteko
agreement	hitzarmen
agressive	NO TRANSLATION
agricultural	nekazaritza
agriculture	nekazaritza
aground	aground
agua	NO TRANSLATION
ahead	aurrera
ahhh	ahhh
ahhhhhhhh	NO TRANSLATION
ahoy	ahoy
aid	laguntza
aide	aide
aiding	laguntza
aids	laguntzak
ail	ail
ailing	ailing
ailment	gaitz
aim	helburua
aimless	aimless
air	aire
airbag	airbag
airborne	Airean
aircraft	hegazkin
aircraft carrier	hegazkin garraiolari
airfield	aerodromo
airhead	Airhead
airlift	airlift
airline	aire-konpainiak
airliner	hegazkin
airlock	airlock
airman	airman
airplane	hegazkin
airport	aireportua
airs	Airs
airship	airship
airspace	Aire-nabigazioa
airspeed	airspeed
airstrip	airstrip
airtight	airtight
airway	arnas
aisle	korridore
ait	NO TRANSLATION
ajar	NO TRANSLATION
aka	aka
akin	Akin
alabaster	alabastroa
alarm	alarma
alarm clock	iratzargailua
alarmed	larritu
alarming	kezkagarria
alas	ai
alb	NO TRANSLATION
albatross	albatros
albino	albino
album	album
alchemy	alkimia
alcohol	alkohola
alcoholic	alkoholdun
alcoholism	alkoholarekin
alcove	alcove
alderman	alderman
ale	NO TRANSLATION
alert	Alerta
alertness	alertness
alerts	alertak
alfalfa	alfalfa
algebra	algebra
algebraic	algebraikoa
algorithm	algoritmo
alias	alias
alibi	alibi
alien	Alien
alienate	alienatzeko
alienated	alienaturik
alienation	alienazioa
alight	alight
align	lerrokatu
aligned	lerrokatu
alignment	lerrokatzea
alike	berdin
alimentation	NO TRANSLATION
alimony	Elikagaiak
aliquot	aliquot
alive	bizirik
alkali	alkali
alkaloids	alkaloide
allay	allay
allegation	alegazio
allege	allege
alleged	ustezko
allegiance	atxikipena
allegorical	alegorikoa
allegory	alegoria
allegro	allegro
allergic	alergia
allergy	alergia
alleviate	arindu
alleviation	arintzen
alley	kalezulo
alleyway	alleyway
alliance	aliantza
allied	aliatuen
alligator	Alligator
allocate	esleitu
allocation	esleipena
allot	allot
allotment	banaketari
allow	baimendu
allowable	onargarri
allowance	zuzkidura
allowed	onartzen
alloy	aleazio
allsmiles	NO TRANSLATION
allure	Allure
alluring	alluring
allusion	aipamena
alluvial	alubialak
ally	aliatu
almanac	Almanaka
almighty	almighty
almond	almendra
aloft	aloft
aloha	aloha
alone	bakarrik
alongside	batera
aloof	aloof
aloud	ozenki
alpha	alfa
alphabet	alfabetoa
alphabetical	alfabetiko
alpine	alpetar
alreadyyyyy	NO TRANSLATION
altar	aldare
altar boy	aldare boy
alter	aldatu
alteration	alterazio
altercation	altercation
altered	aldatu
alternate	ordezko
alternating	txandakatuz
alternative	alternatiboak
altimeter	altimeter
altitude	altitudean
alto	alto
altogether	guztiz
aluminum	aluminio
alumnus	ikasle ohia
alveolar	alveolar
alzheimers	NO TRANSLATION
amalgam	amalgama
amalgamation	kontzentrazioa
amaretto	amaretto
amass	amass
amateur	amateur
amaze	harrituko
amazed	harritu
amazedness	amazedness
amazement	harridura
amazing	harrigarria
amazingly	amazingly
ambassador	enbaxadoreak
amber	amber
ambience	giroa
ambient	giro
ambiguity	anbiguotasuna
ambiguous	anbiguoa
ambit	esparru
ambition	anbizio
ambitious	handinahi
ambivalent	anbibalentea
ambrosia	anbrosia
ambulance	anbulantzia
ambush	segada
ameliorate	arintzen
amen	amen
amenable	amenable
amend	aldatzea
amendment	zuzenketa
amends	aldatzen
amenity	amenity
amethyst	Amatista
amiable	maitagarri
amicable	adiskidetsu
amid	erdian
amidst	artean
amino	amino
ammo	ammo
ammonia	amoniako
ammonium	amonio
ammunition	munizioa
amnesia	amnesia
amnesty	amnistia
amorous	maitasun
amorphous	amorfoa
amortization	amortizazio
amount	Zenbateko
amour	NO TRANSLATION
amp	amp
ampersand	ampersand
amphetamines	anfetaminak
amphibian	anfibio
amphibious	amphibious
amphitheater	anfiteatroan
ample	zabal
amplification	anplifikazio
amplify	handiagoa
amplitude	anplitude
amply	amply
amputate	amputate
amputation	anputazio
amuck	amuck
amulet	kuttun
amuse	amuse
amused	amused
amusement	jolas-
amusing	Nabarmentzekoa
ana	NO TRANSLATION
anaconda	Anaconda
anaesthesia	anestesia
anaesthetic	anestesiko
anagram	anagrama
anal	anal
analgesic	analgesikoak
analogous	antzeko
analogue	analogikoa
analogy	analogia
analysis	azterketa
analyst	analista
analytic	analitikoa
analytical	analitikoa
analyze	aztertzeko
analyzer	analizatzaile
anaphylactic	anaphylactic
anarchism	anarkismoa
anarchist	anarkista
anarchy	anarkia
anastomosis	anastomosia
anathema	anathema
anatomic	anatomic
anatomy	anatomia
ancestor	arbaso
ancestral	antzinako
ancestry	ancestry
anchor	aingura
anchorage	Ainguraketa
ancient	antzinako
ancillary	laguntzaileak
androgen	androgen
android	android
anecdote	anekdota
anemia	anemia
anemic	anemic
anemone	anemone
anesthesia	anestesia
anesthesiologist	anesthesiologist
anesthetic	anestesiko
aneurysm	aneurisma
anew	berriro
angel	aingeru
angelic	Angelic
anger	haserrea
angered	angered
angermanagement	NO TRANSLATION
angina	angina
angiogram	angiogram
angiography	angiography
angle	angelu
angling	arrantza
angora	angora
angriest	angriest
angry	haserre
angrytweet	NO TRANSLATION
angst	larrimina
anguish	larritasun
anguished	anguished
angular	angular
anhydrous	anhydrous
animal	animal
animate	animatzeko
animated	animatuak
animation	animazioa
animosity	animosity
animus	animus
ankle	orkatila
anklet	Anklet
annals	Kronika
annex	eranskina
annexation	beretze
annexe	NO TRANSLATION
annihilate	suntsitu
annihilated	desegin
annihilation	annihilation
anniversary	urteurrena
annotate	oharpenak
annotation	oharpen
announce	iragartzeko
announcement	iragarkia
announcer	esatariari
annoy	annoy
annoyance	annoyance
annoyed	haserretu
annoyin	NO TRANSLATION
annoying	gogaikarriak
annoys	amorrua
annual	urteko
annuity	annuity
annul	baliogabetzeko
annular	annular
annulment	annulment
annulus	annulus
anointed	gantzutu
anointing	gantzuketa
anomalous	ezohiko
anomaly	anomalia
anon	anon
anonymity	anonimotasuna
anonymous	anonimoak
anorexic	anorexic
answer	erantzun
answerable	erantzule
answering	erantzungailu
ant	ant
antagonism	antagonismo
antagonist	antagonista
antagonistic	antagoniko
antagonize	antagonize
ante	NO TRANSLATION
antecedent	aurrekari
antelope	antilopea
antenna	antena
anterior	anterior
anthem	ereserki
anthill	anthill
anthology	antologia
anthrax	Anthrax
anthropological	antropologiko
anthropologist	antropologoak
anthropology	antropologia
anti	anti
antiaircraft	antiaircraft
antibiotic	antibiotiko
antibiotics	antibiotikoak
antichrist	Anticristo
anticipate	aurreratzen
anticipation	aurrea
anticipatory	anticipatory
antics	antics
antidote	antidotoa
antifungal	antifungikoa
antigravity	antigravity
antimony	antimonio
antipathy	antipathy
antiquarian	zaharren
antiquated	zaharkitua
antique	antigoaleko
antiques	antigoaleko
antiquity	antzinateko
antiseptic	antiseptiko
antisocial	antisocial
antithesis	antitesia
antithetical	honen
antiviral	antibiralak
antler	antler
antsy	antsy
anus	anus
anvil	ingudea
anxiety	antsietatea
anxietyattack	NO TRANSLATION
anxious	urduri
anxiousness	anxiousness
anytime	edonoiz
aorta	aorta
aortic	aorta
apace	erritmo onean
apache	apache
apartment	apartamentu
apartments	apartamentu
apathetic	apatiko
apathy	apatia
ape	ape
aperture	irekiera
apex	Irekiera
aphid	Zorri
aphrodisiac	afrodisiako
apiece	zati bat
aplomb	aplomb
apocalypse	apokalipsia
apocalyptic	apokaliptikoa
apologetic	apologetico
apologist	apologist
apologize	Barkatu
apology	apologia
apostasy	apostasy
apostate	apostate
apostle	apostolu
apostolic	apostolikoa
apostrophe	apostrofoa
apothecary	botikari
appalled	appalled
appalling	appalling
apparatus	aparatu
apparel	jantziak
apparent	itxurazko
apparently	itxuraz
apparition	agerpena
appeal	errekurtsoa
appear	agertzen
appearance	itxura
appease	baretzen
appellant	errekurtso
append	erantsi
appendage	appendage
appendectomy	appendectomy
appendicitis	apendizitis
appendix	eranskina
appetite	gosea
appetizer	hamaiketakoa
appetizing	appetizing
applaud	txalotu
applause	txalo
apple	sagar
apple juice	sagar zukua
applejack	Applejack
applesauce	applesauce
appliance	tresnaren
appliances	etxetresna
applicability	aplikagarritasuna
applicable	aplikagarriak
applicant	eskatzailea
application	aplikazio
apply	aplikatu
appoint	izendatuko
appointment	hitzordua
appointments	hitzorduak
apportion	apportion
apportionment	badago behinik
appraisal	ebaluazioa
appraise	balorazio positiboa
appreciable	nabarmena
appreciate	eskertuko
appreciated	estimatzen
appreciates	eskertu
appreciation	estimua
appreciative	appreciative
apprehend	atzeman
apprehension	atzemate
apprehensive	apprehensive
apprentice	ikaslea
apprenticeship	hartzea
approach	planteamendu
approaching	hurbiltzen
approbate	NO TRANSLATION
approbation	onespena
appropriate	egokia
appropriation	jabetze
approval	onarpena
approve	onestea
approved	onartu
approvement	approvement
approving	onartzen duena
approximate	gutxi gorabeherako
approximately	gutxi gorabehera
approximating	approximating
approximation	hurbilketa
appurtenances	appurtenances
apricot	abrikot
apron	mantala
apt	apt
aptitude	aptitude
aqua	aqua
aquamarine	Aquamarine
aquarium	Aquariumean
aquatic	uretako
aqueduct	akueduktu
aqueous	aqueous
arable	nekazaritza
arbiter	arbitroa
arbitrary	arbitrarioak
arbitrate	arbitro
arbitration	arbitrajeak
arbitrator	arbitro
arbor	itzaltegian
arc	arku
arcade	arcade
arcane	urrutira
arch	arku
archaeological	arkeologiko
archaeologist	arkeologoa
archaeology	arkeologia
archaic	arkaiko
archangel	Goiaingeruaren
archbishop	artzapezpikuak
archdiocese	Archidi√≥cesis
archduke	archduke
arched	arku
archer	archer
archery	tiroa
archetype	arketipo
archipelago	artxipelagoko
architect	arkitektoak
architectural	arkitektura
architecture	arkitektura
archive	artxiboa
arctic	artikoa
ardent	sutsu
ardor	ardor
arduous	neketsua
area	inguruan
arena	arena
areola	areola
areyoukidding	NO TRANSLATION
areyoukiddingme	NO TRANSLATION
argent	NO TRANSLATION
argh	argh
arghh	NO TRANSLATION
arghhhh	NO TRANSLATION
argue	argudiatu
argument	argumentu
argumentation	argudio
argumentative	Argudio
arguments	Argumentu
arid	lehorretan
arise	sortzen
aristocracy	aristokrazia
aristocrat	aristokrata
aristocratic	aristokratiko
arithmetic	aritmetika
ark	ark
arm	arm
armada	armada
armament	armamentu
armaments	armamentu
armature	armature
armchair	besaulki
armed	armatuak
armor	armadura
armored	blindatu
armory	armer√≠a
armpit	besapean
arms	besoak
army	armada
aroma	usain
aromatherapy	aromaterapia
arousal	arousal
arouse	Esnatu
aroused	piztu
arraignment	arraignment
arrange	antolatu
arranged	antolatu
arrangement	antolaketa
array	array
arrears	arrears
arrest	atxilotzeko
arrhythmia	arritmia
arrival	etorrera
arrive	iristen
arrogance	harrokeria
arrogant	harroputz
arrow	gezi
arsehole	arsehole
arseholes	arseholes
arsenal	arsenal
arsenic	artsenikoa
arson	arson
arsonist	arsonist
art	art
arterial	arteriala
artery	arteria
artful	artful
arthritis	artritis
arthropod	artropodo
artichoke	alkatxofa
article	Artikulu
articles	artikulu
articulate	artikulatu
articulation	artikulatu
artifact	artefaktu
artifice	artifiziorik
artificial	artifiziala
artillery	artilleria
artisan	artisau
artist	artistaren
artiste	NO TRANSLATION
artistic	artistikoak
artistry	artistiko
artists	artistek
artwork	artelanak
arty	Arty
asap	asap
asbestos	amiantoa
ascend	ascender
ascendancy	ascendancy
ascendant	goranzko
ascending	goranzko
ascension	ascension
ascent	igoera
ascertain	jakitea
ascertained	iritzitan
ascetic	ascetic
ash	errauts
ashamed	lotsarik
ashes	errautsak
ashtray	hautsontzi
asinine	asinine
ask	galdetu
asleeep	NO TRANSLATION
asleep	lotan
asp	asp
asparagus	zainzuriak
aspartame	aspartamoa
aspect	alderdi
aspects	alderdi
aspen	Aspen
asphalt	asfaltoa
asphyxia	itolarriak
asphyxiation	asphyxiation
aspiration	nahia
aspire	ASPIRE
aspirin	aspirina
aspiring	aspirante
ass	ipurdian
assail	oldarrarazten
assailant	erasotzailearen
assassin	hiltzaile
assassinate	erailtzeko
assassination	hilketaren
assault	eraso
assay	assay
assemblage	assemblage
assemble	muntatzen
assembled	muntatu
assembly	muntaia
assemblyman	assemblyman
assent	berretsiko
assert	baiezta
asserting	baieztatuz
assertion	Baieztapen
assertive	assertive
assess	ebaluatzea
assessment	ebaluazioa
assessor	ebaluatzaile
asset	aktibo
assets	aktibo
asshole	gilipollas
assign	esleitu
assignee	lagapen
assignment	esleipena
assimilate	asimilatzeko
assimilation	asimilazio
assist	laguntzeko
assistance	laguntza
assistant	laguntzaile
associate	elkartua
association	elkarte
assorted	askotariko
assortment	sorta
assuage	assuage
assume	suposatuko
assumed	bere gain hartu
assuming	suposatuz
assumption	hipotesi
assurance	bermea
assure	ziurtatzen
assured	ziurtaturik
assuredly	segur
asterisk	Asteriskoa
asteroid	asteroide
asteroids	asteroideak
asthma	asma
asthmatic	Asthmatic
astigmatism	astigmatismoa
astonish	harrituko
astonished	harriturik
astonishing	harrigarria
astonishingly	NO TRANSLATION
astonishment	Berako
astound	harritu
astral	astral
astray	astray
astringent	astringenteak
astrologer	astrologer
astrology	hogei
astronaut	astronauta
astronomer	astronomoa
astronomical	astronomikoa
astronomy	astronomia
astute	astute
asunder	asunder
asylum	asilo
asymmetric	asimetrikoa
asymmetry	asimetria
asymptotic	asintotiko
atelier	atelier
atheism	ateismoa
atheist	ateo
atheistic	atheistic
atherosclerosis	atherosclerosis
athlete	atleta
athletic	athletic
athleticism	athleticism
athletics	atletismoa
atlas	atlas
atmosphere	giroa
atmospheric	atmosferiko
atoll	Atoloi
atom	atomo
atomic	atomikoa
atone	atone
atonement	Argazkia
atpeace	atpeace
atrium	atarian
atrocious	atrocious
atrocity	ankerkeria
atrophy	atrofia
attach	erantsi
attached	erantsita
attachment	eranskina
attack	eraso
attacker	erasotzaile
attacking	erasotzeko
attain	lortzea
attainable	bideragarriak
attainment	lortzera
attempt	saiakera
attempted	saiatu
attend	joateko
attendance	bertaratzea
attendant	attendant
attention	arreta
attentionseeker	NO TRANSLATION
attentionseekers	NO TRANSLATION
attentive	adi
attenuate	Ahuldu
attenuated	attenuated
attenuation	attenuation
attest	duenik
attestation	lekukotza
attic	ganbaran
attire	jantzi
attitude	jarrera
attorney	abokatu
attract	erakarri
attraction	erakarpen
attractive	erakargarria
attractiveness	erakargarritasuna
attributable	egozgarriak
attribute	atributu
attribution	eskuduntza
attrition	higadura
auburn	gaztain
auction	enkantean
auctioneer	auctioneer
audacious	ausarta
audacity	ausardia
audible	akustikoa
audience	ikusleek
audio	audio
audit	ikuskaritza
audition	entzunaldia
auditions	entzunaldiak
auditor	ikuskariaren
auditorium	auditorium
auditory	entzunezko
aught	aught
augment	ugaritu
augmentation	augmentation
august	Abuztu
aunt	izeba
auntie	izeba
aura	aura
aurora	aurora
auspices	babespean
auspicious	auspicious
austere	soila
austerity	austeritate
authentic	benetakoa
authenticate	autentifikatu
authentication	autentifikazio
authenticity	benetakotasuna
author	egileak
authoritative	autoritario
authority	autoritate
authorization	baimen
authorize	baimena
authorized	baimendutako
authorship	egile
autism	autismoa
autistic	autismoaren
auto	auto
autobiographical	autobiografikoak
autobiography	autobiografia
autocorrect	zuzenketa automatikoa
autocratic	autocratic
autograph	aut√≥grafa
autographed	autografoak
automated	automatizatu
automatic	automatiko
automobile	automobil
automotive	automobilgintza
autonomy	autonomia
autopilot	autopilot
autopsy	Autopsia
autumn	udazkena
auxiliary	osagarriaren
avail	avail
availability	erabilgarritasuna
available	eskuragarri
avalanche	mendizale
avarice	zikoizkeria
avatar	avatar
avenge	mendekuan
avenger	mendekatzaile
avenging	avenging
avenue	etorbide
aver	NO TRANSLATION
average	batezbesteko
aversation	aversation
averse	averse
averseness	averseness
aversion	nazka
avert	avert
aviary	Aviary
aviation	abiazio
aviator	hegazkinlariarena
avid	nekagaitza
avocado	aguakatea
avoid	saihestu
avoidance	ekiditea
avoiding	saihestuz
await	zain
awake	esna
awaken	esnatuko
awakening	esnatzen
award	saria
awards	sariak
aware	jakitun
awareness	kontzientzia
awe	NO TRANSLATION
awed	awed
awesome	Zoragarria
awesomeness	bikaintasunez
awestruck	awestruck
awful	beldurgarria
awkward	baldar
awkwardness	awkwardness
awning	olana
awry	awry
axe	aizkora
axial	axial
axiom	Axioma
axiomatic	axiomatikoa
axis	ardatz
axle	ardatz
ay	ay
aye	aye
azimuth	azimuta
azure	azure
babble	babble
babbling	babbling
babe	babe
baboon	babuino
baby	umea
babysit	babysit
babysitter	haurtzain
baccalaureate	batxilergoa
baccarat	baccarat
bachelor	lizentziatura
bachelorette	bachelorette
back	atzera
backboard	backboard
backbone	bizkarrezurra
backdoor	atzeko atea
backdrop	atzean
backer	Backer
backfire	backfire
backgammon	backgammon
background	hondo
backhand	backhand
backhoe	backhoe
backoff	uzte
backpack	motxila
backpacker	backpacker
backroom	backroom
backseat	backseat
backside	backside
backtrack	backtrack
backup	backup
backward	atzera
backwardness	atzerapen
backwards	atzeraka
backwater	backwater
backwoods	backwoods
backyard	patioa
bacon	hirugiharra
bacteria	bakteriak
bacterial	bakterien
bacterium	bakterioaren
bad	txarra
badass	badass
badday	NO TRANSLATION
badfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
badge	bereizgarria
badger	azkonarra
badhabit	NO TRANSLATION
badly	gaizki
badness	gaiztakeria
baffle	baffle
baffled	baffled
bag	poltsa
bagel	bagel
baggage	ekipajea
baggie	baggie
baggy	galtza zabalak
bagman	bagman
bagpipes	gaita
bail	bermea ordainduta
bailiff	bailiff
bait	bait
bake	bake
bakery	okindegia
baking	gozogintza
bal	NO TRANSLATION
balance	oreka
balanced	orekatua
balcony	balkoi
bald	burusoila
balding	balding
baldy	BALDY
bale	bale
balk	balk
ball	baloia
ballad	balada
ballast	lasta
ballerina	dantzari
ballet	ballet
ballgame	ballgame
ballistic	ballistic
ballistics	balistika
balloon	puxika
ballot	boto
ballpark	ballpark
ballplayer	ballplayer
ballpoint	ballpoint
ballroom	aretoko
ballsy	ballsy
balm	ixten
balmy	balmy
balsam	BALSAM
balsamic	baltsamiko
bam	bam
bamboo	banbu
ban	NO TRANSLATION
banana	platano
band	banda
bandage	benda
bandanna	NO TRANSLATION
bandit	lapur
bandstand	kioskoa
bandwagon	bandwagon
bandwidth	banda zabalera
bane	bane
bang	bang
banger	banger
banish	baztertu
banished	erbesteratu
banishment	desterrua
banister	barandaren
banjo	banjo
bank	banku
banker	bankari
banking	banka
bankroll	bankroll
bankrupt	porrot
bankruptcy	Porrotaren
banner	pankarta
banquet	oturuntza
banshee	banshee
banter	banter
banzai	NO TRANSLATION
baptism	bataioa
baptismal	bataio
baptize	bataiatzen
bar	bar
barb	barb
barbarian	barbaroa
barbaric	barbarie
barbarism	barbarie
barbecue	barbakoa
barbed	barbed
barber	Bizargin
barbershop	BARBER√çA
barbie doll	barbie panpina
bard	bardo
bare	biluzi
bareback	bareback
barefoot	oinutsik
barely	ozta-ozta
barf	barf
bargain	bargain
bargaining	negoziazio
barge	gabarra
baritone	baritonoa
barium	barioa
bark	azala
barkeep	barkeep
barks	zaunka
barley	garagar
barmaid	barmaid
barman	barman
barn	barn
barnacle	lanperna
barney	Barney
barnyard	barnyard
barometer	barometro
baron	baron
baroness	baronesa
baroque	barrokoa
barrack	koarteleko
barracuda	barracuda
barrage	barrage
barred	egonda
barrel	kupela
barren	barren
barricade	barrikada
barrier	barrera
barring	murrizketa-
barrister	barrister
barroom	barroom
barrow	barrow
bartender	bartender
barter	truke
base	base
baseball	beisbol
baseball bat	beisbol bat
baseboard	baseboard
baseless	baseless
baseline	oinarri
baseman	baseman
basement	sotoan
bases	bases
bash	bash
bashful	bashful
basic	oinarrizko
basics	oinarriak
basil	albahaka
basilica	basilika
basin	arroaren
basis	oinarria
bask	Euskal
basket	saski
basketball	saskibaloi
bass	baxu
bass guitar	gitarra baxua
basso	NO TRANSLATION
bassoon	fagota
bastard	kabroia
bastarding	bastarding
bastards	bastards
bastion	gotorleku
bat	Bat
batch	sorta
batching	batching
bate	NO TRANSLATION
bath	bainu
bathe	bainatu
bathhouse	bathhouse
bathing	bainurako
bathrobe	bainu
bathroom	bainugela
bathtub	bainuontzia
bathymetry	batimetria
baton	lekukoa
battalion	batailoi
batter	arrautza
battered	tratu
battering	battering
battery	bateria
battle	borroka
battled	battled
battlefield	gudu
battleground	BATTLEGROUND
battlements	almenak
battleship	gerra
batty	batty
bauble	bauble
bawdy	bawdy
bawl	bawl
bay	badia
bayonet	baioneta
bayou	bayou
bazaar	bazaar
bazooka	bazooka
bday	bday
be	izan
beach	hondartza
beaches	hondartzak
beacon	faroa
bead	bead
beading	beading
beads	aleak
beady	beady
beagle	beagle
beak	moko
beaker	ontzia
beam	habe
beaming	beaming
bean	babarrun
beanbag	beanbag
beanie	beanie
bear	bear
bearable	Gizon
beard	bizarra
bearded	bizardun
bearer	eramaile
bearing	eragin
bearings	errodamenduak
bearish	bearish
bearskin	bearskin
beast	piztia
beastly	nazkagarri
beat	beat
beaten	jipoitu
beater	irabiagailua
beating	taupadak
beatnik	beatnik
beau	beau
beautification	beautification
beautiful	ederra
beautify	beautify
beauty	edertasuna
beaver	Beaver
bebop	bebop
beck	beck
beckon	beckon
become	bihurtu
bed	ohea
bedding	ohe
bedpan	bedpan
bedrock	bedrock
bedroom	logela
bedside	gau-
bedspread	bedspread
bedtime	oheratu
bee	erlea
beef	txahala
beefsteak	beefsteak
beehive	erlauntza
beep	beep
beeper	beeper
beer	garagardo
bees	erleak
beeswax	beeswax
beetle	beetle
befall	befall
befitting	befitting
befriend	befriend
befuddled	befuddled
beg	beg
beggar	eskale
begging	eskean
begin	hasiko
beginner	hasiberri
beginning	hasita
beginnings	hasieratik
begrudge	begrudge
begun	hasia
behappy	NO TRANSLATION
behave	portatzen
behavior	jokabidea
behavioral	jokabidearen
behemoth	behemoth
behest	eskatuta
behold	har√°
beholden	beholden
beholder	beholder
beige	beige
belated	Belate
belay	aseguratu era
belch	belch
belief	sinesmen
believable	sinesgarria
believe	uste
believed	uste
believer	sinestuna
believing	sinesteko
belittle	gutxiesten
belittled	belittled
bell	bell
bellboy	bellboy
bellhop	bellhop
belligerent	beligerante
bellman	Bellman
bellow	Tontxu
bellows	hauspoa
belly	sabela
bellybutton	bellybutton
bellyful	bellyful
belong	sartzen
belongings	ondasunak
beloved	maitearen
belt	gerriko
beluga	beluga
bemused	bemused
bench	bankuaren
bend	bihurgune
bender	bender
bending	okertuz
beneath	azpian
benedictory	benedictory
benefactor	ongile
beneficial	onuragarria
beneficiary	onuraduna
benefit	Prestazioa
benevolence	benevolence
benevolent	benevolent
benign	Benigno
bent	tolestuta
benzene	bentzeno
bequeath	bequeath
bequest	bequest
bereaved	Desconsolados
bereavement	Gentza
bereft	bereft
beret	txapel
bergamot	bergamota
berlin	berlin
berserk	berserk
berth	berth
beryllium	berilioa
beseech	erregututzen
beset	beset
bestdayever	bestdayever
bestfeeling	bestfeeling
bestfriends	lagun minak
bestial	bestial
besties	besties
bestow	ematen
bestseller	salduena
bet	apustu
beta	beta
betray	betray
betrayal	traizioa
betrayed	traizioa
betrothed	betrothed
betterment	hobetzeko
betting	apustuak
betty	betty
bevel	alaka
beverage	edarien
bevy	bevy
beware	kontuz
bewilder	ahozabalik
bewildered	aztoratu
bewilderment	harridura
bias	bias
biased	Batzuen
bib	dortsala
bible	biblia
biblical	bibliako
bibliography	bibliografia
bicarbonate	bikarbonato
bicentennial	bicentennial
biceps	biceps
bicker	bicker
bickering	bickering
bicolor	bicolor
bicycle	bizikleta
bid	eskaintza
bidder	Lizitatzaileen
bidding	lizitazio
bide	NO TRANSLATION
biennial	bi urtez behin
bier	NO TRANSLATION
bifurcation	bidegurutzea
big	big
bigamy	bigamy
bigday	bigday
biggestfear	NO TRANSLATION
biggie	biggie
bighorn	bighorn
bigmouth	bigmouth
bigot	bigot
bigoted	bigoted
bigotry	bigotry
bike	bizikleta
biker	biker
bikini	bikini
bilateral	aldebiko
bilayer	bilayer
bile	behazun
bilge	Bilge
bilingual	elebiduna
bill	faktura
billboard	cartelera
billet	Billet
billiard	billar
billiards	billar
billing	fakturazio
billion	milioi
billionaire	billionaire
billy	billy
bimbo	bimbo
bimonthly	bimensual
bin	bin
binary	binary
bind	bind
binder	loki
bindery	bindery
binding	loteslea
bing	Bing
binge	binge
bingo	bingo
binocular	binokularra
binoculars	prismatikoak
binomial	binomial
bio	bio
biochemical	biokimikoa
biochemist	biokimikaria
biochemistry	biokimika
biogenesis	biogenesia
biographer	biografo
biography	biografia
biological	biologikoa
biologist	biologo
biology	biologia
bionic	bionikoa
biopsy	biopsia
biosphere	biosfera
bipartite	bipartite
bipolar	bipolarra
birch	urki
bird	txori
birdcage	birdcage
birdie	birdie
birdman	Birdman
birth	jaiotza
birthday	urtebetetze
birthing	birthing
birthmark	birthmark
birthplace	jaioterria
birthright	birthright
bis	NO TRANSLATION
biscuit	gaileta
bisexual	bisexual
bishop	gotzain
bison	bison
bisque	bisque
bistro	bistro
bit	pixka
bitch	puta
bitchy	bitchy
bite	kosk
biter	NO TRANSLATION
bitsy	bitsy
bitter	mingotsak
bitterly	bitterly
bitterness	gorrotorik
bittersweet	gazi-gozoa
bitty	bitty
bitumen	betun
biweekly	tarako
biz	biz
bizarre	Eulate
blab	blab
blabbermouth	blabbermouth
black	beltza
black snake	beltza suge
blackberry	masusta
blackbird	zozo
blackboard	arbel
blacken	blacken
blackface	blackface
blackjack	blackjack
blacklist	Zerrenda beltza
blackmail	xantaia
blackmailer	blackmailer
blackness	Beltza hobeto
blackout	itzalaldi
blacksmith	errementari
bladder	maskuriko
blade	pala
blame	errua
blameless	errugabe
bland	bland
blank	hutsik
blanket	manta
blare	blare
blase	NO TRANSLATION
blasphemous	blasphemous
blasphemy	blasphemy
blast	eztanda
blaster	Blaster
blastoff	BlastOff
blatant	blatant
blather	blather
blaze	Blaze
blazer	Albistur
blazing	moldatuko
bleach	lixiba
bleak	latz
bleed	mozketa
bleeder	bleeder
bleeding	hemorragia
bleep	bleep
blemish	akats
blemished	blemished
blend	nahasketa
blender	irabiagailuan
blending	blending
bless	bedeinkatuko
blessed	bedeinkatua
blessing	bedeinkazioa
blessings	bedeinkatzeko
bleu	bleu
blight	blight
blighted	blighted
blimp	blimp
blind	itsua
blinded	itsutu
blindfold	antifaz
blindfolded	begiak itxita
blinding	blinding
blindly	blindly
blindness	itsutasun
blink	keinu
blip	blip
bliss	zorion
blissful	zoragarri
blister	blister
blistering	blistering
blitz	blitz
blizzard	Blizzard
bloat	bloat
bloated	bloated
blob	blob
block	bloke
blockade	blokeoa
blockage	blockage
blockbuster	blockbuster
blockhead	blockhead
blog	Bloga
bloke	bloke
blond	ilehoria
blonde	rubia
blood	odol
bloodbath	bloodbath
bloodhound	bloodhound
bloodless	bloodless
bloodline	Azpilkueta
bloodshed	bloodshed
bloodshot	bloodshot
bloodstream	odolean
bloodthirsty	basatia
bloody	odoltsua
bloom	Bloom
bloomers	bloomers
blooming	blooming
blossom	lorea
blot	blot
blotched	blotched
blotter	blotter
blouse	blusa
blow	kolpe
blower	blower
blowfish	blowfish
blowing	Herrigintza
blowjob	blowjob
blown	pizten
blowout	blowout
blowtorch	blowtorch
blubber	blubber
bluddy	bluddy
blue	urdinak
blue spruce	urdina spruce
blueberry	Blueberry
bluebird	bluebird
bluegrass	bluegrass
bluejay	BLUEJAY
blueprint	plana
blues	blues
bluff	Baladr√≥n
bluish	urdin
blunder	blunder
blunt	contundente
blur	lausotzea
blurred	lausotu
blurry	lausoak
blurt	blurt
blush	blush
blushing	gorritu
boa	NO TRANSLATION
boa constrictor	NO TRANSLATION
boar	basurdea
board	taula
board game	mahai-jokoa
boarder	NO TRANSLATION
boarding	barnetegi
boardroom	bilera-gela
boards	batzordeak
boardwalk	boardwalk
boast	harro
boastful	boastful
boasting	harrotuz
boat	txalupa
boathouse	boathouse
boating	boating
boatload	boatload
boatman	Marinel
bobbin	bobbin
bobcat	BOBCAT
bobsled	bobsled
bode	bode
bodega	bodega
bodice	bodice
bodily	gorputzeko
body	body
bodyguard	bizkarzain
bog	bog
bogey	bogey
bogeyman	bogeyman
bogus	akastunak
bohemian	bohemiar
boil	irakiten
boiler	galdaragintza
boilerplate	boilerplate
boiling	irakiten
boisterous	boisterous
bold	lodia
boldness	ausardiaz
bollocks	bollocks
bolster	indartzeko
bolt	Bolt
bolus	bolus
bomb	bonba
bombard	bonbarda
bombardier	Bombardier
bombardment	bonbardaketa
bombed	bonbardatu
bomber	bomber
bombers	Bombers
bombing	bonbardaketa
bombshell	bombshell
bonanza	Bonanza
bonbon	NO TRANSLATION
bond	fidantza
bondage	bondage
bonding	bonding
bonds	bonu
bondsman	bondsman
bone	hezur
bonehead	bonehead
boner	boner
bones	hezurrak
bonfire	sua
bong	Bong
bonkers	bonkers
bonne	NO TRANSLATION
bonnet	bonnet
bonny	bonny
bonsai	bonsai
bonus	bonus
bony	bony
boo	boo
boob	boob
booby	booby
booger	booger
boogeyman	Boogeyman
boogie	boogie
book	liburu
bookcase	bookcase
bookie	bookie
booking	erreserba
bookish	bookish
bookkeeper	bookkeeper
bookkeeping	bookkeeping
booklet	liburuxka
bookmaker	bookmaker
bookmark	laster-marka
books	liburuak
bookseller	liburu-denda
bookshop	liburudenda
bookstore	liburu-denda
bookworm	BookWorm
boom	boom
boomer	boomer
boomerang	boomerang
booming	indartsua
boon	Boon
boooo	NO TRANSLATION
boost	bultzada
booster	booster
boot	boot
booth	kabina
bootleg	bootleg
bootlegger	BOOTLEGGER
boots	botak
booty	Bot√≠n
booze	booze
bop	bop
bopper	Bopper
border	mugatik
bordering	mugan
borderline	borderline
bore	bore
boreal	boreal
bored	aspertuta
boredom	boredom
borer	Barrenariak
boring	aspergarria
born	Born
boron	boron
borough	Plazatik
borrow	maileguan
borrower	mailegariaren
bosom	altzoan
boss	boss
bossy	bossy
boston	boston
botanical	botanikoa
botanist	botanikari
botany	botanika
bother	traba
bothering	bothering
bottle	botila
bottleneck	botila
bottling	ontziratzeko
bottom	behean
bottomless	hondorik
botulism	botulism
boulder	boulder
bounce	errebote
bouncer	bouncer
bouncy	bouncy
bound	lotu
boundary	muga
boundless	mugarik
bounds	mugetatik
bountiful	bountiful
bounty	sariaren
bouquet	lore-sorta
bourbon	bourbon
bourgeois	burges
bourgeoisie	burgesiak
bourse	bourse
bout	bout
boutique	boutique
bouttime	NO TRANSLATION
bovine	behi
bow	brankan
bowed	makurtu
bowel	kolon
bowels	barrena
bowl	katilu
bowler	bowler
bowling	bolo
bowls	kaikuak
box	box
boxcar	boxcar
boxer	boxeolari
boxers	boxeolariak
boxing	boxeoa
boy	mutil
boycott	boikot
boyfriend	mutil-laguna
boyhood	boyhood
boyish	boyish
boysenberry	boysenberry
bozo	Bozo
bra	bra
brace	giltza
bracelet	eskumuturreko
braces	giltza
brachial	brachial
bracket	parentesi
brackets	parentesi
brackish	gazikara
brad	brad
brag	brag
braid	braid
brain	garuna
brainless	brainless
brains	garunak
brainstorm	brainstorm
brainwash	Brainwash
brainy	brainy
brake	balazta
bran	bran
branch	adar
branching	adarkatze
brand	marka
brandy	brandy
brash	trebe
brass	brass
brass knuckle	letoizko knuckle
brassiere	bularretako
brat	brat
bratwurst	Bratwurst motako
bravado	bravado
brave	ausartak
bravery	ausardia
brawl	brawl
brawn	Brawn
brazen	brazen
breach	urratzen
bread	ogia
breadth	zabalera
break	break
breakable	breakable
breakaway	ihesaldian
breakdown	matxura
breaker	breaker
breakers	uhin
breakfast	gosaria
breaking and entering	hautsi eta sartu
breakingnews	breakingnews
breakneck	Breakneck
breakthrough	aurrerapauso
breakup	apurtu
breast	bularreko
breath	arnasa
breathe	arnasa
breather	breather
breathless	Arnasa
breathtaking	harrigarriak
breech	breech
breeches	galtza
breed	badihardute
breeder	obtentor
breeding	hazkuntza
breeze	Haizeak
breezy	poliki
brethren	anaiei
breve	NO TRANSLATION
brevity	Laburtasunari
brew	Brew
brewery	garagardotegia
brewing	brewing
briar	BRIAR
bribe	eroskeria
bribery	eroskeria
brick	brick
bridal	Ezkonberrien
bride	andregaia
bridegroom	bridegroom
bridesmaid	bridesmaid
bridge	zubi
bridle	brida
brief	laburra
briefcase	maleta
briefing	briefing
briefly	laburki
brig	brig
brigade	brigada
bright	distiratsua
brighten	alaitzeko
brightens	alaitu
brighter	hobearen
brightness	distira
brilliance	distira
brilliant	bikain
brim	brim
brimming	gainezka
brimstone	brimstone
brine	gatzun
bring	ekarri
brink	zorian
brisk	brisk
brisket	brisket
bristle	gingil
brittle	hauskorra
bro	bro
broach	BROACH
broad	zabal
broadcast	broadcast
broadcasting	batzean
broaden	zabaldu
broadside	broadside
broadsword	broadsword
brocade	brokatu
broccoli	brokolia
brochure	liburuxka
broil	broil
broke	hautsi
broken	hondatutako
brokenheart	NO TRANSLATION
brokenhearted	brokenhearted
broker	Agente
brokerage	bitartekaritza
bromide	bromuroa
bronco	Bronco
bronze	brontzezko
brooch	brooch
brood	Brood
brooding	brooding
brook	erreka
broom	erratza
broomstick	broomstick
broth	salda
brothel	brothel
brother	anaia
brotherhood	senidetasun
brotherly	anai
brow	kopeta
brown	marroiak
brownstone	brownstone
browse	nabigatzen
brrr	Brrr
bruise	bruise
bruising	bruising
brunch	brunch
brunette	brunette
brunt	brunt
brush	eskuila
brutal	brutal
brutality	basakeria
brute	brute
brutish	brutish
bubble	burbuila
bubbling	bubbling
bubbly	bubbly
bubonic	bubonic
buck	Buck
buckaroo	BUCKAROO
bucket	ontzi
buckle	buckle
buckled	buckled
bucko	bucko
buckshot	Buckshot
buckwheat	buckwheat
bud	Bud
buddha	Buda
buddhism	budismoa
buddhist	budista
budding	budding
buddy	buddy
budge	mugitu
budget	aurrekontua
buff	buff
buffalo	bufalo
buffer	buffer
buffering	buferra
buffet	buffet
buffoon	buffoon
bug	bug
bugaboo	bugaboo
bugged	bugged
bugger	bugger
buggy	buggy
bugle	bugle
bugler	bugler
build	eraikitzeko
builder	eraikitzailea
building	eraikin
buildings	eraikinak
buildup	eraiki
bulb	bonbilla
bulbous	erraboildun
bulge	bulge
bulimic	bulimic
bulk	solteko
bulkhead	bulkhead
bulky	tamaina handiko
bull	zezen
bulldog	bulldog
bulldozer	bulldozer
bullet	bala
bulletin	buletina
bulletproof	bulletproof
bullfighter	torero
bullfrog	Bullfrog
bullheaded	bullheaded
bullhorn	bullhorn
bullion	bullion
bullock	zekorra
bullpen	bullpen
bullshit	bullshit
bully	bully
bulwark	bulwark
bum	bum
bumblebee	bumblebee
bummed	bummed
bummer	bummer
bump	topo
bumper	Bumper
bumpy	bumpy
bun	NO TRANSLATION
bunch	mordo
bundle	dirutza
bungalow	bungalow
bungee	zubi
bunghole	bunghole
bunion	bunion
bunk	litera
bunker	bunker
bunkhouse	bunkhouse
bunny	bunny
bunt	bunt
buoy	Buia
buoyancy	buoyancy
buoyant	enaren
bur	bur
burden	zama
burdened	zama
burdensome	burdensome
bureau	bureau
bureaucracy	burokrazia
bureaucrat	bureaucrat
bureaucratic	burokratikoa
burger	burger
burglar	rateros
burglary	Lapurreta
burial	ehorzketa
buried	ehortzi
burke	burke
burlap	burlap
burlesque	burlesque
burly	burly
burn	erre
burned	erre
burner	erregailu
burning	erretzea
burnished	burnished
burnout	erre
burnt	erre
burp	BURP
burr	burr
burrito	burrito
burro	NO TRANSLATION
burrow	Burrow
bursary	bursary
burst	lehertu
bury	lurperatu
bus	bus
busboy	NO TRANSLATION
bush	zuhaixka
bushel	bushel
bushy	bushy
business	negozio
business man	NO TRANSLATION
businessman	enpresaburua
businesswoman	NO TRANSLATION
busload	busload
buss	buss
bust	bustoa
busted	Pukas
buster	Buster
bustle	zalapartan
bustling	zaratatsu
busy	lanpetuta
busybody	busybody
butane	butano
butcher	harakin
butler	Butler
butt	ipurdia
butter	gurina
buttercup	buttercup
butterfly	tximeleta
buttermilk	buttermilk
butterscotch	butterscotch
buttery	gantzatsua
buttock	buttock
buttocks	ipurmasailean
button	botoia
buttress	buttress
buxom	buxom
buy	erosi
buyer	erosleak
buying	erosten
buzz	buzz
buzzard	zapelatz
buzzed	burrunbaka
buzzer	buzzer
buzzing	buzzing
bye	bye
bygone	bygone
bylaw	bylaw
byline	byline
bypass	saihesbidea
bystander	bystander
byte	byte
byzantine	bizantziar
cab	taxia
cabal	Cabal
cabana	cabana
cabaret	kabareta
cabbage	aza
cabbie	cabbie
cabernet	cabernet
cabin	kabina
cabinet	kabinete
cable	kable
caboodle	caboodle
caboose	caboose
cabriolet	cabriolet
cache	cache
cacophony	cacophony
cactus	cactus
cad	cad
cadaver	cadaver
caddie	NO TRANSLATION
caddy	caddy
cadence	kadentzia
cadet	kadete
cafe	cafe
cafeteria	kafetegian
caffeine	kafeina
cage	kaiola
cagey	cagey
cahoots	cahoots
cairn	cairn
cake	tarta
cakewalk	Cakewalk
calamari	calamari
calamitous	calamitous
calamity	calamity
calcareous	kare
calcium	kaltzioa
calculate	kalkulatu
calculated	kalkulatu
calculating	kalkulatzeko
calculation	Kalkulu
calculator	kalkulagailu
calculus	kalkulu
calendar	egutegi
calender	NO TRANSLATION
calf	txahal
caliber	kalibrea
calibrate	kalibratu
calico	CALICO
calipers	calipers
calisthenics	calisthenics
call	deiaren
callback	callback
caller	deitzailearen
calligraphy	kaligrafia
calling	deituz
callous	hoiek
calls	deiak
calm	bare
calming	lasaigarri
calmness	lasaitasuna
caloric	kaloria
calorie	kaloria
calorimeter	kalorimetro
cam	cam
camaraderie	adiskidetasuna
camber	camber
camcorder	kamera
camel	gamelu
cameo	cameo
camera	kamera
cameraman	kameralaria
camisole	camisole
camouflage	mozorrotzea
camouflaged	NO TRANSLATION
camp	camp
campaign	kanpaina
campaigner	campaigner
campaigning	kanpaina
camper	camper
campfire	campfire
camping	camping
campsite	kanpinaren
campus	campus
can	ahal
can opener	lata irekitzailea
canal	canal
canary	Kanariar
cancel	bertan behera
canceling	bertan behera utzi
cancellation	baliogabetzeko
cancer	minbizia
candid	la√±o
candidacy	hautagaitza
candidate	hautagai
candied	konfitatuak
candle	kandela
candlelight	Kandelen
candles	kandelak
candlestick	candlestick
candor	candor
candy	goxokiak
cane	kanabera
canine	txakurren
canister	canister
canker	canker
cannabis	cannabis
canned	kontserbak
cannibal	cannibal
cannibalism	kanibalismoa
canning	kontserba
cannon	kanoi
cannonball	Gol
canoe	piragua
canon	canon
canonical	kanonikoak
canons	kanonak
canopy	Puente
cantaloupe	cantaloupe
cantbreathe	NO TRANSLATION
canteen	jantokia
canterbury	canterbury
canthandleit	NO TRANSLATION
cantilever	cantilever
cantina	cantina
canto	NO TRANSLATION
canton	canton
cantstandit	cantstandit
cantwin	cantwin
canvas	mihise
canvass	NO TRANSLATION
canyon	arroila
cap	txano
capability	gaitasun
capable	gai
capacity	ahalmen
cape	kapa
caper	caper
capillary	kapilarra
capital	hiriburu
capitalism	kapitalismo
capitalist	kapitalistaren
capitalize	larriz
capitals	hiriburuetan
capitation	capitation
capitol	Capitol
capitulation	kapitulatu
cappuccino	kaputxino
caprice	apeta
capricious	bitxiak
caps	txapelak
capslock	BlokMaius
capsule	kapsula
captain	kapitainak
caption	epigrafe
captivate	liluratzen
captivating	liluragarria
captive	Gatibu
captivity	gatibu
captor	captor
capture	capture
car	autoa
caramel	Carmelo
carat	kilateko
caravan	karabana
carbon	karbono
carburetor	carburetor
carcass	carcass
carcinoma	kartzinoma
card	txartela
cardboard	kartoizko
cardiac	bihotz
cardigan	Cardigan
cardinal	kardinal
cardiologist	kardiologoarekin
cardiology	Kardiologia
cardiomyopathy	cardiomyopathy
cards	txartelak
care	arreta
career	karrera
carefree	carefree
careful	kontuz
carefully	arretaz
careless	arduragabekeria
carelessness	axolagabekeria
caress	laztan
caret	kurtsore
caretaker	atezain
cargo	cargo
caribou	caribou
caricature	karikatura
caries	txantxarra
caring	solidario
carjack	carjack
carnage	sarraski
carnal	haragizko
carnation	krabelin
carnival	inauteriak
carnivorous	haragijaleak
carol	kanta
carols	Kanten
carousel	kanpainan
carp	karpak
carpal	carpal
carpenter	arotz
carpentry	zurgintza
carpet	Alfonbra
carpeting	carpeting
carpool	carpool
carriage	orga
carried	egiten
carrier	garraiolari
carrot	azenarioa
carry	eraman
carrying	liburuetako
carsick	carsick
cart	saskia
carte	NO TRANSLATION
cartel	cartel
carter	carter
cartilage	cartilage
cartographic	kartografikoak
cartography	kartografiak
carton	Carton
cartoon	marrazki bizidunak
cartouche	NO TRANSLATION
cartridge	kartutxoa
carve	carve
carver	carver
carving	taila
cascade	cascade
case	Kasu
casein	kaseina
cash	cash
cashier	kutxazainak
cashmere	cashmere
casing	karterra
casino	kasinoa
cask	upel
casket	hilkutxa
casserole	kazola
cassette	kasete
cast	cast
castaway	castaway
caste	kasta
caster	caster
castle	gaztelu
castor	castor
castrate	castrate
castration	castration
casual	noizbehinkako
casually	kasualitatez
casualty	ezbeharraren
cat	katu
catabolism	catabolism
catalog	katalogoa
catalogue	katalogoa
catalysis	katalisi
catalyst	katalizatzaile
catalytic	katalitiko
catamaran	katamaran
catapult	catapult
cataract	katarata
catastrophe	katastrofe
catastrophic	hondamendi
catatonic	catatonic
catch	harrapaketa
catcher	catcher
catching	harrapatzeko
catchphrase	catchphrase
catchy	gogoraerrazak
catechism	katixima
categorical	kategorikoa
category	kategoria
cater	erantzuteko
caterer	ostalari
caterpillar	Beldar
cates	Cates
catfish	catfish
cathartic	cathartic
cathedral	katedrala
catheter	catheter
catholic	katolikoak
cathouse	Cathouse
catnip	catnip
cattle	ganadu
catwalk	ibiltokian
caucus	caucus
caudal	caudal
cauldron	cauldron
cauliflower	azalorea
caulk	caulk
causal	kausazko
causality	kausalitatea
causation	kausazio
cause	kausa
caused	eragindako
causeway	galtzadak
caution	kontuz
cautionary	kautelazko
cautious	zuhurra
cautiously	zentzuz
cavalier	cavalier
cavalry	zaldizko
cave	haitzuloan
caveat	Oharra
caveman	Caveman
cavern	cavern
cavernous	cavernous
caviar	kabiar
caving	espeleologia
cavity	barrunbean
cayenne	Cayenne
cease	etena
ceasefire	su-etena
ceaseless	etengabeko
cedar	zedro
cede	laga
ceiling	sabai
celebrant	celebrant
celebrate	ospatzeko
celebrated	ospetsuenetakoa
celebrating	ospatzen
celebration	ospakizun
celebrations	ospakizunak
celebratory	ospakizun
celebrity	ospetsuk
celery	apioa
celestial	zeruko
celibacy	zelibatua
celibate	celibate
cell	zelula
cellar	bodega
cellblock	cellblock
cellist	biolontxelo
cellmate	cellmate
cello	cello
cellophane	cellophane
cellular	zelularra
cellulite	Zelulitisaren
celluloid	zeluloide
cement	zementu
cemented	zementuzko
cemetery	hilerria
censor	zentsura
censorship	zentsura
censure	zentsura
census	errolda
cent	ehuneko
centenary	mendeurrena
centennial	mendeurrenaren
center	zentro
centerfold	centerfold
centerpiece	erdiko
centimeter	zentimetro
centipede	centipede
central	erdiko
centrality	zentralitatea
centralization	zentralizazio
centralize	zentralizatu
centrally	centrally
centrifugal	zentrifugoak
centrifuge	Zentrifugazio
centurion	Centenerac
century	mendeko
ceramic	zeramikazko
ceramics	zeramika
cereal	zerealak
cereals	zerealak
cerebral	garun
ceremonial	ceremonial
ceremony	zeremonia
certain	zenbait
certainty	ziurtasun
certifiable	egiaztagarria
certificate	ziurtagiria
certified	ziurtatua
certify	ziurtatzen
cervical	Tr√°paga
cervix	cervix
cess	prozesu
cessation	etete
cesspool	cesspool
cha cha	NO TRANSLATION
chaff	lastoa
chafing	chafing
chagrin	chagrin
chagrined	nahigabeturik nengoen
chai	chai
chain	katean
chainsaw	motozerra
chair	aulki
chairman	presidente
chairperson	lehendakaria
chairwoman	Presidentea
chaise	chaise
chalet	txaleta
chalice	kaliza
chalk	klarion
challenge	erronka
challenger	challenger
chamber	ganbera
chambermaid	chambermaid
chambers	ganberak
chameleon	chameleon
champ	champ
champagne	txanpaina
champion	txapelduna
championship	Txapelketa
chance	aukera
chancellor	kantziler
chandelier	chandelier
chandler	chandler
change	aldaketaren
changeable	aldakorra
changed	aldatu
changer	changer
changing	aldatzen
channel	kanalean
chant	chant
chaos	kaosa
chaotic	kaotikoa
chap	chap
chapel	kapera
chaperon	chaperon
chaplain	kapilau
chapman	CHAPMAN
chaps	chaps
chapter	kapitulua
char	char
character	pertsonaia
characteristic	ezaugarria
characterize	ezaugarritu
charade	charade
charcoal	ikatz
chardonnay	chardonnay
charge	kobratzen
chargeable	ordaindu
charger	kargagailua
chariot	gurdia
charisma	karisma
charismatic	karisma
charitable	ongintzako
charity	ongintzako
charlatan	charlatan
charm	xarma
charmed	Charmed
charmer	charmer
charming	xarmangarri
charred	belztu
chart	taula
charter	gutuna
chartered	pleitatutako
chase	jazarpen
chased	atzetik
chaser	chaser
chasm	leize
chassis	txasisa
chaste	chaste
chastened	chastened
chastisement	zigorra
chastity	kastitatea
chat	berriketan
chateau	chateau
chatter	chatter
chatterbox	chatterbox
chattering	chattering
chatty	chatty
chauffeur	txoferra
chauvinist	chauvinist
cheap	merkea
cheapened	cheapened
cheapskate	cheapskate
cheat	tranparik
cheater	cheater
check	egiaztatu
checkbook	Txeke
checker	checker
checkered	checkered
checkers	zuzentzaileak
checklist	checklist
checkmate	xake mate
checkout	errebisatu
checkpoint	checkpoint
checkup	Egiaztatu
cheek	masail
cheeks	masailetan
cheeky	lotsagabea
cheep	cheep
cheer	alaitasun
cheered	denez
cheerful	alaia
cheerfulness	alaitasun
cheering	txaloak
cheerleader	cheerleader
cheerleading	Cheerleading
cheerless	cheerless
cheers	cheers
cheery	cheery
cheese	gazta
cheeseburger	cheeseburger
cheesecake	Gazta
cheesy	cursi
cheetah	Cheetah
chef	sukaldari
chemical	kimiko
chemise	NO TRANSLATION
chemist	kimikari
chemistry	kimika
chemo	chemo
chemotherapy	kimioterapia
cheque	egiaztatu
cherish	erantsi
cherishing	pinakoteka
cherry	gerezi
cherub	cherub
chess	xakea
chest	bularra
chestnut	gaztaina
chevron	chevron
chew	murtxikatu
chewy	chewy
chic	chic
chicane	chicane
chick	Chick
chicken	oilasko
chicken pox	barizela
chickenpox	barizela
chief	buruzagi
chiefly	batez ere
chieftain	buruzagi
chiffon	chiffon
child	ume
childbirth	erditzea
childhood	haurtzaro
childish	haur
childless	seme-alabarik
childlike	haur
childloss	NO TRANSLATION
children	haurrak
chili	chili
chill	chill
chilled	hotz
chilling	chilling
chilly	chilly
chime	ezkila
chimera	kimera
chimes	chimes
chimney	tximinia
chimp	txinpantzea
chimpanzee	txinpantze
chin	kokotsa
china	Txina
chinchilla	Chinchilla
chine	NO TRANSLATION
chinook	chinook
chip	txip
chipmunk	chipmunk
chipper	chipper
chipping	chipping
chiropractor	chiropractor
chirp	chirp
chirping	chirping
chisel	zizel
chiseler	chiseler
chit	chit
chitchat	chitchat
chivalry	zalduneriaren
chloride	kloruro
chlorine	kloroa
chloroform	kloroformoa
chocolate	txokolatea
choice	aukera
choir	abesbatza
choke	choke
cholera	kolera
cholesterol	kolesterola
choose	aukeratu
choosing	aukeratuz
choosy	choosy
chop	txikitu
chopper	chopper
choppers	choppers
chopping	Tajadura
chops	txuletak
choral	abesbatza
chord	akordeak
chords	akordeak
chore	chore
choreographer	koreografoa
choreography	koreografia
chorus	koruak
chosen	aukeratu
chow	Chow
chowder	chowder
christ	christ
christen	NO TRANSLATION
christening	bataio
christian	christian
christmas	Gabonetako
christmasbreak	NO TRANSLATION
christmaseve	NO TRANSLATION
christmasspirit	NO TRANSLATION
christmassy	Christmassy
christmastime	Christmastime
chromatic	kromatiko
chromatography	kromatografia
chrome	chrome
chromium	kromo
chromosome	kromosoman
chronic	kroniko
chronicle	kronika
chronograph	chronograph
chronological	kronologikoa
chubby	potoloa
chuck	chuck
chuckle	algara
chug	chug
chum	chum
chummy	chummy
chump	chump
chunk	zatia
chunky	potoloa
church	eliza
churchyard	Adro
churn	churn
chute	chute
chutney	chutney
ciao	ciao
cider	sagardoa
cigar	puru
cigarette	zigarroa
cilantro	cilantro
cinch	cinch
cinder	errauts
cinema	zinea
cinematic	zinematografikoa
cinematographer	zinema
cinematography	zinematografia
cinnamon	kanela
cipher	Zifraketa
circle	zirkulu
circling	inguratzen
circuit	zirkuitu
circuitry	zirkuituak
circular	zirkularra
circulate	zirkulatu
circulation	zirkulazioa
circulatory	zirkulazio
circumcision	erdainkuntza
circumference	zirkunferentzia
circumferential	circumferential
circumscribed	mugatua
circumstance	egoera
circumstances	zirkunstantziek
circumstantial	zirkunstantziala
circumvent	saihestu
circumvention	circumvention
circus	zirkoa
cirque	Cirque
cirrhosis	zirrosi
cirrus	Cirrus
cistern	zisterna
citadel	gotorleku
citation	Aipatzeko
cite	aipatu
citizen	herritar
citizenship	hiritartasuna
citrine	citrine
citrus	citrus
city	city
citywide	citywide
civic	hiritar
civics	hiritar hezkuntza
civil	zibil
civilian	zibil
civilians	zibilak
civility	gizalegea
civilization	zibilizazio
civilized	zibilizatu
clad	jantzitako
claim	erreklamazioa
claimant	erreklamatzaileak
clairvoyant	igarlea
clam	txirla
clambake	clambake
clammy	clammy
clamor	clamor
clamp	clamp
clan	klan
clandestine	klandestinoa
clang	clang
clap	clap
clapper	clapper
clapping	txaloak
clarification	Argibide
clarify	argitzeko
clarinet	klarinetea
clarion	clarion
clarity	argitasun
clash	talka
clashing	kirrinka
clasp	Munoaundi
class	class
classic	klasikoa
classic rock	rock klasikoa
classical	klasikoa
classics	klasikoak
classification	sailkapen
classified	sailkatu
classify	sailkatzeko
classmate	ikaskide
classroom	ikasgelan
classy	classy
clatter	clatter
clause	klausula
clauses	klausulak
claustrophobia	klaustrofobia
claustrophobic	klaustrofobiko
clavicle	clavicle
claw	atzapar
claws	atzaparretatik
clay	buztin
clean	garbi
cleaner	garbiagoa
cleaning	garbiketa
cleanliness	garbitasuna
cleanly	garbian
cleanse	garbitu
cleanser	cleanser
cleansing	garbiketa
cleanup	garbitu
clear	argi
clearance	sakea
clearing	konpentsazio
clearness	argitasun
cleat	cleat
cleavage	bikoiztea
cleave	cleave
cleaver	Cleaver
clef	clefen
cleft	cleft
clemency	Grazi
clench	clench
clergy	kleroaren
clergyman	elizgizon
cleric	Cl√©rigo
clerical	clerical
clerk	administrari
clerkship	idazkari
clever	bizkorra
cleverness	cleverness
click	Klik
clicker	clicker
client	bezero
clientele	bezero
cliff	labar
climate	eguraldi
climatology	klimatologia
climax	buruko pilota
climb	igoera
climber	eskalatzaile
clinch	cLINCH
cling	cling
clingy	clingy
clinic	klinika
clinical	klinikoak
clink	Anime
clip	clip
clipboard	arbela
clipper	Clipper
clipping	mozketa
clique	NO TRANSLATION
clitoris	clitoris
cloak	kapa
cloaking	cloaking
cloakroom	besteak
clobber	clobber
clock	erlojua
clockwork	Clockwork
clod	clod
clog	zapata
cloister	klaustroan
clone	clone
cloning	klonazioa
close	itxi
closed	itxi
closeness	gertutasuna
closet	armairutik
closure	itxiera
clot	Clot
cloth	oihal
clothe	clothe
clothes	arropa
clothesline	clothesline
clothing	arropa
cloud	Hodei
clouded	clouded
cloudiness	hodeiak
clouds	hodeiak
cloudy	lainotu
clout	clout
clove	ale
clover	hirusta
cloves	ale
clown	clown
clowns	pailazoak
club	club
clubhouse	elkartearen egoitzan
clubs	klubak
cluck	cluck
clue	ideiarik
clueless	clueless
clump	clump
clumsy	baldarra
clunk	clunk
cluster	cluster
clutch	enbrage
clutches	atzaparretan
clutter	gehiegi
coach	entrenatzaile
coachman	coachman
coagulation	koagulazio
coal	ikatz
coalesce	coalesce
coalition	koalizio
coarse	larriko
coast	Kostaldea
coastal	kostaldeko
coaster	mendi
coastline	kostalde
coat	armarria
coating	estaldura
coax	coax
cobalt	kobaltoa
cobble	cobble
cobbler	zapatari
cobra	cobra
cocaine	kokaina
cock	oilarra
cockamamie	cockamamie
cockeyed	cockeyed
cockpit	cockpit
cockroach	labezomorro
cocksucker	cocksucker
cocktail	cocktail
cocky	cocky
cocoa	kakaoa
coconut	koko
cocoon	Edukien
cod	bakailaoa
code	kodea
codeine	codeine
codex	codex
codfish	bakailaoa
codification	kodifikazio
codify	kodetzeko
coding	programazioan
coed	coed
coefficient	koefizientea
coerce	coerce
coercion	indarkeriaren
coercive	hertsatzaileak
coexist	elkarrekin bizi
coexistence	elkarbizitza
coexisting	aldi berean existitzen
coffee	kafea
coffee table	kafetegia
coffeehouse	coffeehouse
coffeepot	coffeepot
coffin	hilkutxa
cog	koka
cogent	cogent
cognac	cognac
cognate	cognate
cognition	kognizioa
cognitive	kognitiboaren
cohabitation	elkarbizitza
coherence	koherentzia
coherent	koherente
cohesion	kohesioa
cohesive	kohesionatua
cohort	kohorte
coil	bobina
coiled	coiled
coin	txanpon
coinage	diru
coincide	datoz
coincidence	kasualitatea
coincident	datozen
coincidental	coincidental
coinciding	etorriz
coke	koke
cola	cola
cold	hotz
coldly	Lastima
coldness	hoztasuna
coldsweat	NO TRANSLATION
coleslaw	coleslaw
colic	kolikoak
coliseum	Coliseum
collaborate	elkarlanean aritzeko
collaboration	lankidetza
collaborator	kolaboratzailea
collage	collage
collagen	kolageno
collapse	kolapso
collar	lepokoa
collarbone	klabikula
collate	Tartekatu
collateral	berme
collation	kolazioa
colleague	lankide
collect	biltzeko
collected	bildutako
collection	collection
collective	kolektiboa
collectively	kolektiboki
collector	biltzen
college	unibertsitatean
collegiate	kolegio
collide	talka
collie	collie
collision	talka
collocation	collocation
colloquial	lagunarteko
collusion	collusion
cologne	Kolonia
colon	puntuek
colonel	koronel
colonial	kolonialak
colonic	colonic
colonoscopy	kolonoskopia
colony	kolonia
colophon	azken-oharrak
color	kolore
coloration	kolore
colored	koloretako
colorful	koloretsua
coloring	kolore
colorless	kolorerik
colors	koloreak
colossal	kolosala
colt	moxal
columbine	COLUMBINE
column	Zutabe
columnar	columnar
columnist	zutabegile
com	NO TRANSLATION
coma	koman
comatose	comatose
comb	orrazia
combat	Borroka
combatant	combatant
combative	borrokalaria
combination	konbinazio
combinatorial	konbinatorioak
combine	konbinatu
combined	konbinatu
combo	konbinazio
combustible	erregaiak
combustion	errekuntza
come	Etorri
comeback	Bueltatu
comedian	komiko
comedy	komedia
comet	kometa
comfort	erosotasuna
comfortable	eroso
comforter	comforter
comforting	comforting
comfy	comfy
comic	komiki
comical	komiko
comics	komikiak
coming	datozen
comma	koma
command	komandoa
commandant	komandantea
commandeer	commandeer
commander	komandante
commanding	agintzeko
commandment	agindurik
commando	komando
commemorate	ospatzeko
commemoration	ospatzeko
commemorative	oroitzapenezko
commence	hasiko
commend	gommendatzen
commendable	commendable
commendation	Enkomienda
commensurate	commensurate
comment	iruzkin
commentary	comentario
commentator	esataria
commerce	merkataritza
commercial	komertziala
commie	commie
commissary	commissary
commission	komisio
commissioner	komisarioak
commit	konpromisoa
commitment	konpromisoa
committal	committal
committed	konprometitu
committee	batzorde
commodity	salgaien
commodore	COMMODORE
common	ohikoa
commoner	comunero
commonly	normalean
commonplace	normalagoa
commons	commons
commonwealth	mankomunitatearen
commotion	zirrara
communal	komunitarioaren
commune	Komuna
communicable	kutsakorren
communicate	komunikatu
communication	komunikazio
communicative	komunikatiboak
communicator	komunikatzaile
communion	komunio
communism	komunismoa
communist	komunista
community	komunitatea
commutation	commutation
commutative	commutative
commute	Absys
commuter	aldiriko
comp	comp
compact	trinkoa
compaction	trinkotzeko
compactness	trinkotasun
companion	laguna
companionless	companionless
companionship	laguntasuna
company	konpainiak
comparable	konparagarria
comparative	konparazio-
comparatively	erlatiboki
compare	konparatu
comparison	konparazio
compartment	konpartimendu
compass	iparrorratza
compassion	errukia
compassionate	errukitsua
compatibility	bateragarritasuna
compatible	bateragarriak
compel	behartu
compelled	behartuta
compelling	sinesgarria
compendium	bilduma
compensate	konpentsatzeko
compensation	konpentsazio
compensatory	konpentsazio
compete	lehiatu
competence	eskumen
competency	gaitasun
competent	eskumena
competition	lehiaketa
competitive	lehiakorra
competitor	lehiakide
compilation	konpilazio
compile	konpilatu
complacency	complacency
complacent	etorkor
complain	kexatu
complaint	kexa
complement	osagarria
complementary	osagarria
complete	osoa
completed	amaitu
completely	erabat
completeness	osotasun
completing	osatzea
completion	osatze
complex	konplexua
complexed	complexed
complexion	complexion
complexity	konplexutasun
compliance	betetzea
compliant	betetzen
complicate	zaildu
complicated	konplikatuak
complication	arau
complicity	konplizitatea
compliment	NO TRANSLATION
complimentary	osagarriak
comply	betetzea
complying	betetzen
compo	Lehiaketako
component	osagai
compose	konposatzen
composed	osatuta
composer	konpositorea
composite	konposatuen
composition	konposizio
compost	konposta
composure	composure
compound	konposatu
comprehend	ulertu
comprehension	ulermena
comprehensive	integrala
compress	konprimitu
compressed	konprimatu
compressible	konprimagarria
compression	konpresio
compressor	konpresorea
comprise	osatzen
compromise	konpromiso
comptroller	Kontuhartzailetza
compulsion	bortxa
compulsive	konpultsiboa
compulsory	derrigorrezkoa
computable	konputagarrien
computation	kalkuluen
compute	Kalkulu
computer	ordenagailu
computerized	informatizatuta
computing	informatika
comrade	burkide
con	NO TRANSLATION
concatenation	lotuz
concave	ahurra
conceal	ezkutatzen
concealed	ezkutaturik
concealment	ezkutatzea
concede	concede
conceit	harrokeria
conceited	harroputz
conceivable	conceivable
conceive	bururatu
concentrate	kontzentratzeko
concentration	kontzentrazio
concentric	zentrokideak
concept	kontzeptua
conception	ikuskera
concern	kezka
concerned	kezkatuta
concert	kontzertua
concerto	kontzertua
concession	emakida
concessional	emakidunak
conch	conch
concierge	atezainaren
conciliation	adiskidetze
concise	zehatza
conclave	conclave
conclude	Amaitzeko
concluding	Ondorioak
conclusion	ondorio
conclusive	biribilik
concoction	concoction
concomitant	konkomitanteen
concord	concord
concordance	komunztadura
concours	NO TRANSLATION
concourse	concourse
concrete	hormigoi
concubine	ohaide
concur	datoz
concurrence	konkurrentzia
concurrent	aldibereko
concurring	concurring
concussion	concussion
condemn	gaitzesten
condemnation	gaitzespen
condensation	kondentsatzen
condensed	kondentsatutako
condescending	condescending
condescension	condescension
condiment	kondimentu
condition	baldintza
conditional	baldintzapeko
conditionally	baldintzatuan
conditioned	baldintzatu
conditioner	urteak
conditioning	girotuko
conditions	baldintza
condo	Olabide
condolence	doluminak
condolences	doluminak
condom	kondoia
condone	condone
condor	condor
conducive	aproposa
conduct	jokabide
conduction	eroankortasuna
conductivity	eroankortasun
conductor	conductor
conduit	kanala
cone	Kono
confederacy	konfederazio
confederate	konplizea
confederation	konfederazioa
confer	konferitu
conference	hitzaldi
confess	aitor
confession	aitortza
confessional	konfesionala
confessions	aitorpenak
confetti	confetti
confidant	konfiantzazko
confide	konfiantza
confidence	konfiantza
confident	ziur
confidential	konfidentzialak
confidentiality	konfidentzialtasun
confidentially	NO TRANSLATION
configuration	konfigurazioa
confine	confine
confined	mugatzen
confinement	inkomunikazio
confines	mugarik
confirm	berretsi
confirmation	berrespena
confirmatory	confirmatory
confirmed	berretsi
confiscate	confiscate
confiscation	bahitzeko
conflagration	conflagration
conflict	gatazka
conflicting	gatazkatsu
confluence	bategitearen
conform	adostasuna
conformance	adostasunaren
conformation	NO TRANSLATION
conformity	Adostasun
confound	nahasi
confounded	nahasten
confront	aurre
confrontation	Norgehiagokak
confuse	nahastu
confused	nahasi
confusing	nahasgarria
confusion	nahasmena
conga	conga
congenial	lagunkoiagoak
congenital	jaiotzetiko
congestion	pilaketa
conglomerate	konglomeratua
conglomeration	conglomeration
congrats	Zorionak
congratulate	zorionak
congratulation	zorionak
congratulations	zorionak
congratulatory	zoriontzeko
congregate	Congregat
congregation	kongregazioa
congress	kongresua
congressional	biltzar
congressman	congressman
congruence	kongruentzia
conic	koniko
conical	zurrunbilo
conjecture	aierua
conjugal	ezkon
conjugate	konjokatuak
conjugation	jokatuz
conjunction	batera
conjunctive	konjuntiboa
conjure	conjure
conjuring	conjuring
conk	conk
connect	konektatu
connected	konektatua
connection	konexio
connective	connective
connoisseur	connoisseur
conquer	konkistatzeko
conquering	konkistatu
conqueror	konkistatzailea
conquest	konkista
conscience	conscience
conscientious	kontzientzia
conscious	kontzientea
consciousness	kontzientzia
conscription	conscription
consecrated	konsagratu
consecration	consagraci√≥n
consecutive	jarraian
consensual	adostutako
consensus	adostasun
consent	baimena
consenting	consenting
consequence	ondorioz
consequent	horren ondorioz
conservation	kontserbazio
conservatism	kontserbadurismoa
conservative	kontserbadore
conservatory	kontserbatorioan
conserve	kontserbatzeko
consider	kontuan
considerable	handia
considerate	Kontutan
consideration	kontuan
consignee	jasotzaileak
consignment	bidalketa
consist	osatuta
consistency	koherentzia
consistent	koherentea
consolation	kontsolamendu
console	kontsola
consoled	kontsolatu
consolidate	sendotzeko
consolidated	kontsolidatu
consolidation	sendotze
consonant	kontsonante
consort	ezkontideak
conspicuous	izpirik
conspiracy	konspirazio
conspirator	konspiratzailea
conspire	konspiratzen
constable	Constable
constancy	konstantzia
constant	etengabeko
constantly	etengabe
constellation	konstelazioa
consternation	nahigabetuta
constipation	idorreria
constituency	barruti
constituent	osagai
constituents	osagai
constitute	osatzen
constitution	Konstituzioa
constitutional	konstituzionalak
constitutionality	konstituzionaltasuna
constrain	mugak
constrained	mugatutako
constraint	murriztapen
construct	eraikitzeko
construction	eraikuntza
constructive	konstruktiboa
construe	interpretatzea
consul	kontsula
consulate	kontsulatu
consult	kontsultatu
consultant	aholkulari
consultation	kontsulta
consume	kontsumitzen
consumer	kontsumitzaile
consuming	kontsumitzen
consummate	consummate
consummation	consummation
consumption	kontsumoa
contact	kontaktua
contagion	kutsadura
contagious	kutsakorra
contain	eduki
container	edukiontzi
containment	containment
contaminate	kutsatu
contaminated	kutsatutako
contamination	kutsadura
contemplate	begiztatu
contemplation	kontenplazio
contemplative	behatzailea
contemporaneous	garaikidea
contemporary	garaikidea
contempt	mespretxua
contemptible	mesprezagarria
contemptuous	contemptuous
contend	contend
contender	contender
contending	Lehian
content	edukiaren
contented	konformatzen
contention	contention
contentious	auzi
contentment	contentment
contents	edukien
contest	lehiaketa
contestant	Lehiakide
context	testuinguru
contiguous	Alboko
continence	kontinentzia
continent	kontinente
continental	continental
contingency	kontingentzia
contingent	kontingente
continual	etengabeko
continually	etengabe
continuance	jarraipena
continuation	jarraipena
continue	jarraitu
continued	jarraitu
continuing	jarraitu
continuity	jarraitasuna
continuous	etengabeko
continuously	etengabe
continuum	continuum
contour	ingurunea
contraband	kontrabandoa
contraception	antisorgailuak
contract	kontratua
contracted	kontratatutako
contractile	contractile
contracting	kontratazio
contraction	uzkurtu
contractor	kontratista
contradict	kontraesanean
contradiction	kontraesan
contradictory	kontraesankorrak
contraption	contraption
contrary	Alderantziz
contrast	kontrastatu
contrasted	kontrastatu
contravene	aurkako
contravention	aurka
contribute	lagundu
contribution	ekarpena
contributor	kolaboratzailea
contrite	contrite
contrition	contrition
contrived	contrived
control	kontrol
controller	kontroladore
controlling	kontrolatzea
controversial	polemikoa
controversy	polemika
contusion	kolpea
conundrum	conundrum
convalescent	jolasgunea
convection	konbekzio
convene	deialdia
convenience	erosotasuna
conveniences	erosotasun
convenient	komenigarria
convent	komentuan
convention	konbentzio
conventional	konbentzionalak
converge	elkarren
convergence	konbergentzia
convergent	konbergente
conversant	conversant
conversation	Elkarrizketa
conversational	elkarrizketa
conversationalist	conversationalist
converse	Converse
conversing	elkarrizketan
conversion	bihurtze
convert	bihurtzeko
converted	bihurtutako
convertible	bihurgarriak
convex	ganbila
convexity	ganbiltasuna
convey	helarazi
conveyance	conveyance
conveyancing	Argazkilariak
convict	convict
conviction	convicci√≥n
convince	konbentzitu
convinced	konbentzituta
convincing	konbentzitzen
convocation	deialdiaren
convoluted	convoluted
convolution	convolution
convoy	konboia
coo	coo
cook	sukaldari
cookbook	Cookbook
cooker	eltzea
cookery	sukaldaritza
cookie	cookiea
cookies	cookies
cooking	sukaldaritza
cookout	cookout
cool	cool
coolant	hozgarria
cooler	freskoago
cooling	hozte
coolness	freskura
coon	coon
coop	coop
cooperate	lankidetzan aritzeko
cooperating	lankideen
cooperation	lankidetza
cooperative	kooperatiba
coordinate	koordinatuko
coordination	koordinazioa
coordinator	koordinatzaile
cop	Polizia
copacetic	NO TRANSLATION
cope	aurre
copier	fotokopiagailu
copilot	copilot
coping	jarduteko
copious	copious
copper	kobrea
copter	helikoptero
copy	kopia
copycat	copycat
copying	kopiatzea
copyright	copyright
coral	koral
coral snake	koral suge
cord	kordoi
cordial	cordial
cordless	cordless
cordon	Cordon
corduroy	panazko
core	core
cork	kortxo
corkscrew	cORKSCREW
corn	artoa
cornball	cornball
cornbread	taloa
cornea	kornea
corned	corned
corner	izkina
cornerstone	ardatz
cornet	korneta
cornfield	cornfield
cornflakes	cornflakes
cornice	erlaitz
cornstarch	cornstarch
corny	corny
corollary	ondorio
corona	corona
coronary	koronarioa
coronation	coronaci√≥n
coroner	Corones
corporal	corporal
corporate	korporatiboa
corporation	korporazio
corporeal	gorputz
corps	corps
corpse	gorpua
corpsman	Corpsman
corpus	corpus
corral	corral
correct	zuzena
correction	zuzenketa
correctional	zentzagarria
corrective	zuzentzaileak
correctness	zuzentasun
correlation	korrelazioa
correlative	korrelatiboa
correspond	dagozkien
correspondence	korrespondentzia
correspondent	berriemailea
corresponding	dagokion
corridor	korridorean
corroborate	berretsi
corroboration	corroboration
corrosion	korrosioaren
corrosive	korrosiboak
corrupt	hondatuta
corrupting	corrupting
corruption	ustelkeria
corsage	corsage
corse	NO TRANSLATION
corset	kortsea
cortex	cortex
cortical	cortical
cortisone	cortisone
corvette	korbeta
cosmetic	kosmetiko
cosmetics	kosmetikoak
cosmic	kosmikoa
cosmology	kosmologia
cosmopolitan	kosmopolita
cosmos	cosmos
cost	kostua
costly	garestia
costume	mozorroa
cosy	erosoa
cot	sehaska
cote	cote
cottage	cottage
cotton	kotoia
couch	sofan
cougar	Cougar
cough	eztul
council	udaletxea
councilman	zinegotzi
counsel	abokatuarekin
counseling	aholkularitza
counsellor	aholkulari
counselor	aholkulari
count	zenbatu
countdown	Atzerako kontaketa
countenance	begitarte
counter	counter
counteract	aurre
counterattack	kontraeraso
counterbalance	counterbalance
counterclaim	errekonbentzioa
counterfeit	imitaziozko
counterpart	zeuden
counterpoint	kontrapuntua
countess	kondesa
countless	kontaezinak
country	country
countryman	herrikide
countrymusic	NO TRANSLATION
countryside	landa
counts	zenbatzen
county	eskualdeko
coup	golpe
coupe	coupe
couple	pare
coupled	akoplatu
coupling	bategitearen
coupon	kupoi
courage	adorea
courageous	ausarta
courier	mezulari
courses	ikastaroak
coursing	coursing
court	epaitegian
courteous	courteous
courtesy	adeitasuna
courthouse	Justizia
courtroom	courtroom
courts	auzitegiek
courtship	jolasa
courtside	courtside
courtyard	patioan
cousin	lehengusu
cousins	lehengusuak
cove	kala
coven	coven
covenant	itun
cover	azal
coverage	estaldura
covered	estalita
covering	estaltzen
covert	ezkutuko
covet	covet
coveted	preziatua
cow	behi
coward	koldar
cowardice	koldarkeria
cowardly	koldarra
cowboy	cowboy
cowgirl	cowgirl
cowhand	cowhand
cowhide	cowhide
cowl	estalia
coworker	lankide
coy	coy
coyote	coyote
cozy	erosoa
crab	crab
crabby	crabby
crack	crack
cracked	pitzatu
cracker	cracker
crackerjack	crackerjack
cracking	cracking
crackle	desarraldi
crackpot	crackpot
cradle	sehaskan
craft	artisautza
crafts	artisautza
craftsman	artisauak
craftsmanship	artisautza
crafty	crafty
craig	Craig
cram	CRAM
crammed	bokalaren
cramp	cramp
cramped	cramped
cranberry	cranberry
cranberry juice	cranberry zukua
crane	garabi
cranial	garezurreko
cranium	cranium
crank	biradera
cranky	cranky
cranny	cranny
crap	crap
crappy	crappy
craps	Craps
crash	hutsegite
crass	crass
crate	crate
crater	kraterra
crave	crave
craving	craving
crawfish	crawfish
crawl	arakatzea
crayon	crayon
crayons	argizariak
craze	craze
crazed	crazed
craziness	eromen
crazy	zoro
creak	creak
creaking	creaking
cream	krema
creamed	creamed
creamer	creamer
creamy	krematsuak
crease	crease
create	sortzen
creation	sorkuntza
creative	creative
creativity	sormena
creator	sortzailea
creature	izaki
credence	indar
credential	kredentzial
credentials	egiaztagiriak
credibility	sinesgarritasuna
credible	sinesgarriak
credit	kreditu
credit card	kreditu txartela
creditable	NO TRANSLATION
credited	ordainduko
crediting	meriturik
creditor	hartzekodunen
creed	sinismen
creek	errekan
creep	creep
creeper	creeper
creeping	arrastaka
creepy	creepy
cremation	errausketa
creole	creole
crepe	crepe
crescendo	crescendo
crescent	Ilargierdi
crest	gandorra
crestfallen	burumakur
cretin	cretin
cretins	cretins
crevice	crevice
crew	tripulazioa
crewman	crewman
crib	cuna
cricket	cricket
cried	oihukatu
crime	krimena
criminal	criminal
criminality	kriminalitatea
crimp	Crimp
crimson	Crimson
cringe	cringe
cripple	elbarri
crippled	elbarri
crippling	crippling
crisis	krisia
crisp	crisp
crispy	kurruskaria
criterion	irizpide
critic	kritikaria
critical	kritikoa
criticise	kritikatzea
criticism	kritika
criticize	kritikatzea
criticized	kritikatu
critique	kritika
critter	critter
croak	croak
croc	Croc
crock	crock
crockery	baxera
crocodile	krokodiloa
croft	croft
croissant	croissant
crook	Crook
crooked	crooked
crop	laborantza
croquet	croquet
cross	zeharkatzen
cross country	cross country
crossbow	Balezta
crossed	zeharkatu
crossfire	Crossfire
crossing	gurutzatzen
crossover	gurutzatu
crosswalk	crosswalk
crossword	gurutzegrama
crotch	crotch
crouch	Crouch
crouched	makurtu
crouching	makurtuta
croupier	croupier
crow	bele
crowbar	crowbar
crowd	jendetza
crowded	ibilia
crowds	jendetza
crown	koroa
crowning	koroatuz
crucial	Ezinbestekoa
cruciate	cruciate
crucifix	gurutze
crucifixion	Gurutziltzatzearen
crucify	Gurutzada
crud	crud
crude	gordin
cruel	krudela
cruelly	krudelkeriaz
cruelty	krudelkeria
cruise	crucero
cruise ship	gurutzaldi-ontzia
cruiser	gurutze
cruising	cruising
crumb	mamia
crumble	xehatu
crumbling	desmoronan
crummy	crummy
crunch	crunch
crunchy	crunchy
crusade	gurutzada
crusader	crusader
crush	bihurritu
crushed	xehatu
crusher	Crusher
crushing	birrintzeko
crust	lurrazal
crusty	crusty
crutch	makulua
crux	Gurutzea
cry	negar egin
crybaby	crybaby
crying	negarrez
crypt	kriptan
cryptic	cr√≠ptica
cryptography	kriptografia
crystal	kristal
crystalline	kristalinoa
crystallization	kristalizazio
cub	cub
cubby	cubby
cube	kuboa
cubic	kubiko
cubicle	cubicle
cuckold	cuckold
cuckoo	kuku
cucumber	pepino
cuddle	cuddle
cuddled	cuddled
cuddles	cuddles
cuddling	cuddling
cue	cue
cuff	cuff
cuisine	sukaldaritza
culinary	sukaldaritza
cull	Cull
culminate	amaituko
culmination	amaiera
culpability	erruduntasuna
culpable	culpable
culprit	erruduna
cult	gurtza
cultivate	lantzen
cultivated	landatutako
cultivation	laborantza
cultural	kulturalak
culture	kultura
cultured	ikasia
culvert	culvert
cumbersome	astuna
cumulus	Cumulus
cunning	maltzurrak
cunt	cunt
cup	kopa
cupboard	armairu
cupcake	cupcake
cupping	cupping
cur	orain
curable	curable
curate	curate
curative	sendatzeko
curator	komisarioak
curb	geldiarazi
curd	mamia
cure	sendaketa
curfew	etxeratze
curiosity	jakinmin
curious	Bitxia
curl	Kiribil
curling	curling
currency	moneta
current	egungo
curriculum	curriculum
curry	curry
curse	madarikazio
cursed	madarikatua
cursing	cursing
cursory	cursory
curt	curt
curtail	curtail
curtailment	curtailment
curtain	gortina
curtains	errezela
curtsy	curtsy
curvature	kurbatura
curve	kurba
curved	kurbatu
curvilinear	mugimenduetara
cushion	kuxin
cushy	pagotxa
cusp	izkina bihur
cuss	cuss
cussed	cussed
custard	natillak
custodial	custodial
custodian	Custodio
custody	zaintza
custom	Ohiko
customary	ohiturazko
customer	bezero
customized	pertsonalizatu
cut	ebaki
cutaneous	azaleko
cute	cute
cuticle	cuticle
cutie	Cutie
cutlass	cutlass
cutlery	mahai-tresnak
cutoff	moztu
cutter	cutter
cutters	moztekoak
cutthroat	cutthroat
cutting	ebaketa
cutting board	ebaketa taula
cuttings	ebakinak
cwt	cwt
cyanide	zianuroa
cyberspace	ziberespazioa
cycle	zikloan
cyclical	zikliko
cyclist	txirrindulari
cyclone	zikloi
cylinder	zilindroa
cylindrical	zilindrikoa
cymbal	cymbal
cynic	cynic
cynical	zinikoa
cynicism	zinismo
cyst	cyst
cystic	kistikoa
cytomegalovirus	cytomegalovirus
cytoplasm	zitoplasma
czar	Zar
dab	dab
dabble	dabble
dabbling	dabbling
dad	aita
daddy	aitatxo
dado	NO TRANSLATION
daemon	daemon
daft	Daft
dagger	daga
daily	eguneroko
dainty	poxpolinak
daiquiri	Daiquiri
dairy	esnekiak
daisy	daisy
dak	NO TRANSLATION
dale	dale
dam	presa
damage	kalteak
damaged	kaltetuta
damages	kalteengatik
dame	dame
damn	madarikatua
damnation	damnation
damned	madarikatu
damp	heze
dampened	hezetutako
damper	damper
damsel	neskatxa
dance	dantza
dancer	dantzari
dancing	dantzan
dandruff	dandruff
dandy	dandy
danger	arriskuan
dangerous	arriskutsua
dangerously	arriskutsuan
dangit	NO TRANSLATION
dangle	dangle
dank	NO TRANSLATION
dapper	dapper
dare	ausartzen
daredevil	daredevil
daresay	esango
daring	ausartenak
dark	iluna
darken	ilundu
darkened	iluntzen
darkly	darkly
darkness	iluntasuna
darkroom	Darkroom
darkside	alde iluna
darling	laztana
darn	darn
dart	dardoak
dash	etenaren
dashboard	Arbel
dashed	marratxodun
dashing	dashing
dastardly	dastardly
data	datuak
database	datu-basea
date	data
datenight	NO TRANSLATION
daughter	alaba
dawdle	dawdle
dawn	egunsentian
dawned	atarian
day	egun
daybreak	Egunsentian
daycare	daycare
daydream	daydream
daydreaming	daydreaming
daylight	egunez
daymade	NO TRANSLATION
dayoff	NO TRANSLATION
daytime	egunez
daze	daze
dazed	zorabiatu
dazzle	dazzle
dazzling	liluragarri
deacon	Deacon
deactivate	desaktibatzeko
dead	hildako
deadbeat	deadbeat
deadline	epemuga
deadlines	epeak
deadlock	blokeatuta
deadly	hilgarria
deaf	gor
deafening	deafening
deafness	gortasuna
deal	tratua
dealer	dealer
dealership	kontzesionario
dealing	aurre
dealings	harremanen
dean	dean
dear	maitea
dearest	Maitea
dearth	dearth
death	heriotza
deathbed	deathbed
deathly	deathly
debacle	debacle
debased	debased
debatable	eztabaidagarria
debate	eztabaida
debauchery	debauchery
debenture	obligazio
debilitating	debilitating
debit	zordunketa
debrief	debrief
debriefing	debriefing
debris	hondakinak
debt	zor
debtor	zordun
debut	debut
debutante	debutante
decade	hamarkada
decadence	gainbehera
decadent	dekadente
decaf	decaf
decanter	decanter
decathlon	Decathlon
decay	desintegrazio
decayed	decayed
decaying	Laneko
deceased	hildakoaren
decedent	decedent
deceit	iruzur
deceitful	deceitful
deceive	engainatzen
deceived	engainatu
deceiving	engainatzen
december	abenduaren
decency	decency
decent	duina
deception	Iruzurra
deceptive	engainagarria
decide	erabakitzeko
decidedly	decidedly
deciduous	hostogalkor
decimal	hamartarrekin
decimeter	decimeter
decipher	argitu
decision	Erabaki
decisive	erabakigarri
deck	bizkarreko
declaration	adierazpena
declaratory	declaratory
declare	deklaratzen
declination	deklinazioa
decline	gainbehera
declining	gainbeheran
deco	deco
decode	deskodetu
decoder	deskodetzailea
decompose	deskonposatzen
decomposed	deskonposatu
decomposition	deskonposizio
decompress	deskonprimitu
decompression	deskonpresio
decontamination	deskontaminazio
decor	dekorazioa
decorate	apaintzeko
decorating	apaintzeko
decoration	apainketa
decorative	apaingarri
decorator	dekoratzaileak
decorum	decorum
decoy	decoy
decrease	txikitzeko
decreased	jaitsi
decreasing	jaitsiz
decree	dekretu
decrement	txikitze
decrepit	zaharkituaren
decry	kondenatzen
decryption	deszifratzeko
dedicate	eskainiko
dedication	dedikazio
deduce	ondorioztatu
deduct	kendu
deductible	kengarriak
deduction	kenkaria
deed	eskriturak
deejay	deejay
deem	iritzitako
deep	sakona
deepen	sakontzea
deer	orein
defamation	difamazio
defamatory	defamatory
default	lehenetsi
defeat	porrot
defeated	garaitu
defeatist	defeatist
defect	akatsa
defection	joateagatik
defective	akastuna
defector	defector
defend	defendatzeko
defendant	salatua
defended	defendatu
defender	defender
defending	defendatzeko
defense	defentsa
defenseless	defentsarik
defensible	defensible
defensive	defentsarako
defer	atzeratu
deference	begirunez
deferral	atzerapena
deferring	deferring
defiance	DEFIANCE
defiant	defiant
defibrillator	desfibriladore
deficiency	gabezia
deficient	eskasak
deficit	defizita
define	definitu
defined	definitu
definite	definitua
definition	definition
definitive	betiko
deflate	Deflate
deflation	deflazioa
deflect	deflect
deflection	deflection
defloration	defloration
deform	deformatze
deformed	deformatu
deformity	deformazioa
defraud	iruzurra
defray	ordaintzeko
defrost	defrost
deft	deft
defunct	desagertuta
defuse	defuse
defy	defy
degeneracy	degeneracy
degenerate	endekatua
degeneration	endekapen
degradation	degradazioa
degrade	jeitsi
degraded	degradatutako
degrading	umiliagarririk
degree	Gradu
dehydrated	deshidratatu
dehydration	deshidratazioa
dejected	lur jota
delay	atzerapenik
delayed	atzeratua
delectable	delectable
delegate	delegatua
delegation	ordezkaritza
delete	ezabatu
deleterious	deleterious
deletion	ezabatzeko
deli	delicatessen
deliberate	nahita
deliberation	eztabaidatu
deliberative	eztabaida
delicacy	jaki
delicate	delikatuak
delicatessen	delicatessen
delicious	gozoak
delight	gozamenerako
delighted	poz-pozik
delightful	ederra
delineate	delineate
delineation	delineazio
delinquency	delinkuentzia
delinquent	berankorren
delirious	zoroak
delirium	Delirium
deliver	entregatu
deliverance	Deliverance
delivery	entrega
dell	dell
delta	delta
delude	delude
deluge	deluge
delusion	delusion
delusional	delusional
deluxe	luxuzko
delve	murgilduko
demand	eskaria
demanding	zorrotzak
demeaned	demeaned
demeaning	demeaning
demeanor	demeanor
demented	zoro
dementia	dementzia
demise	desagertu
demo	demo
democracy	demokrazia
democrat	demokrata
democratic	demokratikoan
demographic	demografikoa
demolish	eraisteko
demolished	eraitsi
demolition	eraispen
demon	Deabru
demonic	deabruzko
demonstrable	frogagarria
demonstrate	frogatu
demonstrated	frogatu
demonstrating	erakusteko
demonstration	manifestazioa
demonstrative	erakusleak
demonstrator	manifestari
demoralized	demoralized
demos	demoak
demure	demure
den	NO TRANSLATION
deniability	deniability
denial	ukatzea
denied	ukatu
denim	bakero
denomination	deitura
denominational	konfesionala
denominator	izendatzaile
denote	adierazteko
denounce	salatzeko
dense	trinko
density	dentsitate
dent	dent
dental	hortz
dentist	dentista
dentistry	odontologia
dentists	argazkilariak
denunciation	Salaketak
deny	ukatzeko
denying	ukatuz
deodorant	desodorantea
depart	irteten
departed	irtenda
department	Sail
departmental	sailen
departure	irteera
depend	mendekoak
dependable	Fiare
dependant	menpeko
dependence	menpekotasun
dependency	mendekotasun
dependent	menpeko
depict	irudikatzeko
depicting	irudikatzeko
depletion	agortzea
deplorable	deitoragarria
deplore	deitoratu
deploy	zabaldu
deployment	hedatzea
deport	deport
deportation	deportazioa
depose	D√©pos√©es
deposit	gordailua
depositary	gordailuzain
deposition	metaketa
depository	gordailuzaina
depot	biltegi
depraved	depraved
depravity	depravity
depreciate	depreciate
depreciated	amortizatuta
depreciation	amortizazio
depress	jota
depressed	lur jota
depressing	etsigarriak
depression	depresioa
depressive	depresio
depresson	NO TRANSLATION
deprivation	gabezia
deprive	pobretu
deprived	kenduko
depth	sakonera
deputy	diputatu
derail	derail
deranged	deranged
derelict	bilakatu
derision	iseka
derivation	deribazio
derivative	eratorria
derive	ondorioz
dermal	dermal
dermatologist	Dermatologoa
dermatology	dermatologian
derogation	salbuespen
derogatory	derogatory
descend	jaitsi
descendant	ondorengoa
descendent	NO TRANSLATION
descending	beherantz
descent	jaitsiera
describe	deskribatzea
description	azalpena
descriptive	deskriptiboa
desecrate	lohituenak
desecration	profanazioa
desert	basamortuko
deserted	desertu
deserter	deserter
desertion	desertzioa
deserve	merezi
deserved	merezitako
deserving	merezi
design	diseinua
designate	izendatzeko
designated	izendatutako
designation	izendapen
designed	diseinatu
designer	diseinatzaile
designing	diseinatzen
desirability	komeni
desirable	Komenigarria
desire	nahia
desiring	seguritate
desirous	desiratzen
desist	desist
desk	mahaian
desolate	suntsituta
desolation	hondamena
despair	etsipen
despairing	despairing
despatch	sarrerak
desperado	desperado
desperate	etsi
desperation	etsipena
despicable	zital
despise	mespretxatzen
despondent	despondent
despotic	despotic
despotism	despotismoa
dessert	postrea
destination	helmuga
destined	bideratu
destiny	patu
destitute	destitute
destroy	suntsitu
destroyed	deuseztatu
destroyer	destruktoreak
destroying	suntsituz
destruct	destruct
destruction	suntsipena
destructive	suntsitzailea
detach	deskonektatzea
detached	askatuta
detachment	urruntze
detail	Xehetasun
detailed	zehatza
details	Xehetasunak
detain	atxilotzen
detainee	atxilotuaren
detect	detektatzeko
detectable	atzeman
detection	detektatzeko
detective	detektibe
detector	detektagailu
detention	atxiloketa
deter	jakitea
detergent	detergente
deteriorate	hondatzen
deteriorated	txarrera
deteriorating	hondatzen
deterioration	hondatzea
determinable	determinagarria
determinate	zehatz
determination	determinazio
determine	zehaztu
determined	zehaztu
deterrent	disuasio
detest	gorrotatu
detestation	gorrotoa
detonate	detonate
detonation	eztanda
detonator	lehergarri
detour	desbideratzea
detract	gutxietsi
detriment	kalterako
detrimental	kaltegarria
detritus	detritus
deuce	deuce
deutschmark	markora
devalued	devalued
devastate	devastate
devastated	suntsitutako
devastating	suntsitzaileak
devastation	suntsiketak
develop	garatzea
developer	sustatzailearen
developing	garatzeko
development	garapena
deviant	galduan
deviate	desbideratu
deviating	deviating
deviation	desbideraketa
device	gailu
devil	deabrua
deviled	deviled
devilish	devilish
devious	Devious
devise	asmatu
devoid	gabekoa
devolution	gaitzustea
devolve	devolve
devote	eskaintzeko
devoted	dedicado
devotee	devotee
devotion	debozio
devotional	deboziozko
devour	irentsi
devout	elizkoia
dew	ihintza
dexter	dexter
dexterity	trebezia
dextrose	dextrose
diabetes	diabetes
diabetic	diabetikoa
diabolical	diabolical
diagnose	diagnostikoa
diagnosis	diagnostikoa
diagnostic	diagnostiko
diagnostics	diagnostiko
diagonal	diagonal
diagram	diagram
dial	markatu
dialect	euskalki
dialectic	dialektika
dialogue	elkarrizketa
dialysis	dialisia
diameter	diametroa
diamond	diamantea
diamonds	diamante
diaper	diaper
diaphragm	diafragma
diarrhea	beherakoa
diarrhoea	beherakoa
diary	egunkari
diatribe	diatribe
dib	NO TRANSLATION
dibs	dibs
dice	dado
dicey	dicey
dichotomous	dikotomiko
dichotomy	dikotomia
dick	Dick
dickhead	dickhead
dicks	dicks
dictate	dictate
dictation	diktaketa
dictator	diktadore
dictatorial	diktatoriala
dictatorship	diktadura
diction	diction
dictionary	hiztegia
dictum	NO TRANSLATION
didactic	didaktikoa
diddle	diddle
die	NO TRANSLATION
died	hil
diesel	diesel
diet	dieta
dietary	dieta
differ	datoz
difference	aldea
differences	desberdintasunak
different	ezberdinak
differential	diferentziala
differentiation	desberdintzea
differently	ezberdina
differing	desberdinak
difficult	zaila
difficulties	zailtasunak
difficulty	zailtasun
diffuse	hedatu
diffusion	zabalkunde
dig	NO TRANSLATION
digest	digest
digestion	digestioa
digestive	digestio
digit	digitua
digital	Digitala
dignified	duina
dignify	duintasuna
dignity	duintasuna
digress	digress
digs	indusketa
dike	dike
dilapidated	kalamastran
dilatation	dilatation
dilation	dilatazioan
dildo	Errea
dilemma	dilema
diligence	arduraz
diligent	arduratsuan
dill	aneta
diluent	diluent
dilute	arinduko
diluted	diluitu
dilution	diluzio
dim	iluntzeko
dime	dime
dimension	dimentsioa
dimensional	dimentsioko
diminish	murriztu
diminished	gutxitu
diminution	gutxitze
diminutive	txikigarria
dimwit	dimwit
din	NO TRANSLATION
dine	afaldu
diner	afari
dinghy	baltsako
dingo	dingo
dingy	dingy
dining	jangelako
dinky	dinky
dinner	afaria
dinnertime	afaltzeko ordua
dinosaur	dinosauro
dint	dint
diocesan	elizbarrutiko
diocese	elizbarrutia
diorama	diorama
dioxide	dioxidoa
dip	Manteo
diploma	diploma
diplomacy	diplomazia
diplomat	diplomatiko
diplomatic	diplomatikoak
dipper	zozoa
dippy	dippy
dipstick	dipstick
dire	NO TRANSLATION
direct	zuzeneko
directed	zuzendu
direction	norabidea
directive	zuzentaraua
directly	zuzenean
director	zuzendaria
directory	direktorioa
dirt	zikinkeria
dirty	zikinak
disability	ezintasuna
disable	ezgaitu
disabled	desgaituta
disadvantage	desabantaila
disaffected	disaffected
disagree	ados
disagreeable	ezatsegina
disagreeing	desadostasuna
disagreement	desadostasuna
disallow	onartzeko
disallowed	debekatu
disapointment	NO TRANSLATION
disappear	desagertu
disappearance	desagerpena
disappearing	desagertzeko
disappoint	huts egin
disappointed	etsita
disappointing	etsipena
disappointment	berriz
disapproval	gaitzespena
disapprove	gaitzetsi
disapproved	gaitzetsi
disapproving	disapproving
disarm	desarmatzeko
disarray	disarray
disaster	Hondamendi
disastrous	penagarria
disband	desagertuko
disbelief	sinesgaitza
disbelieve	sinesten
disburse	disburse
disbursement	ordainketa
disc	diskoa
discard	baztertu
discarded	baztertu
discards	baztertzeko
discern	bereizten
discernible	discernible
discerning	discerning
discernment	ulertu
discharge	alta
disciple	dizipulua
disciplinary	diziplina
discipline	diziplina
disciplined	diziplina
disclaim	uko
disclaimer	disclaimer
disclose	ezagutzera
disclosed	kontuetarako
disclosure	dibulgazioa
disco	disco
discoloration	discoloration
discolored	discolored
discomfort	deserosotasuna
disconcerted	asaldatu
disconcerting	nahasgarria
disconnect	deskonektatzeko
disconnected	deskonektatu
disconnection	deskonektatzeko
disconnects	deskonektatu
discontent	discontent
discontinuance	discontinuance
discontinue	etetea
discontinuity	eza
discontinuous	etena
discord	discord
discount	deskontua
discounted	kenduz
discourage	disuasio
discouraged	gomendagarria
discouragement	discouragement
discouraging	discouraging
discourse	diskurtsoa
discover	ezagutzeko
discovery	aurkikuntza
discredit	aipua
discredited	discredited
discreet	NO TRANSLATION
discrepancy	desadostasun
discrete	diskretuak
discretion	diskrezioa
discretionary	diskrezionala
discriminate	diskriminatu
discriminating	Diskriminaziozko
discrimination	diskriminazioa
discus	eztabaida
discuss	eztabaidatu
discussion	eztabaida
disdain	disdain
disdainful	disdainful
disease	gaixotasunak
diseased	gaixotutako
disembodied	disembodied
disengage	arintzera
disengagement	disengagement
disfigured	desitxuratuta
disgrace	lotsagarria
disgraced	disgraced
disgraceful	lotsagarria
disgruntled	disgruntled
disguise	mozorrotzeko
disguised	mozorrotua
disgust	nazka
disgusted	atsekabetu
disgusting	disgusting
dish	plater
disheartened	disheartened
disheartening	negargarria
dishonest	petrala
dishonesty	dishonesty
dishonor	desohorea
dishonorable	lotsagarria
dishwasher	ontzi-garbigailu
disillusionment	desengainuaren
disinclination	disinclination
disincline	disincline
disinclined	disinclined
disinfect	desinfektatzeko
disinfectant	desinfektatzaile
disinfection	desinfekzio
disinformation	desinformazio
disingenuous	disingenuous
disintegrate	desegiten
disintegration	desegituraketa
disinterested	disinterested
disjoint	disjuntu
disjointed	disjointed
disjunctive	disjuntiboan
disk	diskoan
diskette	diskete
dislike	Dislike
disliked	Gustukoak
disliking	disliking
dislocated	dislocated
dislocation	lokadura
dislodge	dislodge
disloyal	disloyal
disloyalty	disloyalty
dismal	berriz
dismantle	desmuntatu
dismay	jarriz
dismayed	dismayed
dismemberment	desegin
dismiss	baztertu
dismissal	kaleratzea
dismissive	mespretxua
dismount	dismount
disobedience	desobedientzia
disobedient	disobedient
disobey	obeditzen
disorder	nahaste
disordered	nahastuta
disorderly	disorderly
disorganized	disorganized
disorientation	desorientazioa
disoriented	disoriented
disown	uko
disparage	gutxietsi
disparaging	disparaging
disparate	disparate
disparity	desberdintasuna
dispassionate	dispassionate
dispatch	bidalketa
dispatcher	aztergailu
dispel	uxatu
dispensary	anbulatorioa
dispensation	dispensation
dispense	dispense
dispenser	automatiko
dispersal	sakabanaketa
disperse	sakabanatu
dispersed	sakabanatua
dispersion	sakabanaketa
dispirited	dispirited
displace	Desplazatu
displaced	lekualdatu
displacement	desplazamendu
displacency	displacency
display	pantaila
displease	displease
displeased	haserre
displeasure	nahigabea
disposable	botatzekoak
disposal	eskura
dispose	bota
disposed	bota
disposition	xedapen
dispossessed	dispossessed
disprove	disprove
dispute	gatazka
disqualification	kanporatu
disqualified	kanporatua
disqualify	sarietatik
disquieted	urduritzen
disregard	Kontuan izanik
disregarded	galdu
disrelish	disrelish
disreputable	disreputable
disrepute	disrepute
disrespect	disrespect
disrespectful	disrespectful
disrupt	eten
disrupting	disrupting
disruption	etenaldiak
disruptive	kalteak
dissatisfaction	atsekabea
dissatisfied	dissatisfied
dissect	disekzionatzen
dissection	disekzio
disseminate	zabaltzea
dissemination	zabalkundea
dissension	dissension
dissent	desadostasuna
dissenting	dissenting
dissertation	tesia
disservice	disservice
dissident	disidente
dissimilar	desberdinak
dissipate	xahutzen
dissipated	xahutzen
dissociation	disoziazio
dissociative	dissociative
dissolution	disoluzioa
dissolve	desegiteko
dissonance	disonantzia
dissuade	dissuade
distal	distal
distance	distantzia
distant	urrutiko
distaste	distaste
distasteful	distasteful
distillate	distillate
distillation	destilazioa
distilled	distilatu
distinct	desberdin
distinction	bereizketa
distinctive	bereizgarria
distinguish	bereizteko
distinguishable	bereizten
distinguished	bereizten
distinguishing	bereizgarria
distort	desitxuratzen
distorted	desitxuratu
distortion	distortsioa
distract	oharkabetu
distracted	arreta
distracting	distracting
distraction	distrazio
distraught	distraught
distress	apuros
distressed	distressed
distressing	distressing
distribute	banatu
distribution	banaketa
distributor	banatzaile
district	auzoan
distrust	mesfidantza
disturb	trabarik
disturbance	traba
disturbed	asaldatu
disturbing	kezkagarria
disuse	erabili gabe
disused	hutsetan
ditch	zanga
ditto	Ditto
ditty	ditty
diurnal	eguneko
diva	Diva
divan	NO TRANSLATION
dive	murgiltzeko
diver	urpekari
diverge	datoz
divergence	dibergentzia
divergent	dibergentea
diverging	ezberdinak
divers	urpekariak
diverse	anitza
diversified	dibertsifikatua
diversify	dibertsifikatzeko
diversion	desbideratzea
diversionary	diversionary
diversity	aniztasuna
divert	desbideratzea
diverting	desbideratu
divest	divest
divested	divested
divestment	desinbertsio
divide	arraila
divided	banatzen
dividend	dibidendu
divination	divination
divine	jainkozko
divinity	jainko
divisible	zatitu
division	zatiketa
divisor	zatitzaile
divorce	dibortzio
divorcee	divorcee
divulge	zabaltzea
divvy	divvy
dizziness	zorabioak
dizzy	zorabiatuta
do	ez
doable	doable
doc	doc
docile	docile
dock	kaia
docked	atrakatu
docket	docket
docking	atrakatzeko
doctor	medikua
doctorate	doktoretza
doctrinal	doktrina
doctrine	doktrina
document	dokumentu
documentary	dokumentala
documentation	dokumentazioa
documents	dokumentuak
dodge	sahiestu
dodger	dodger
dodging	dodging
dodgy	dodgy
dodo	dodo
doe	doe
doer	doer
dog	txakur
dogface	dogface
dogged	dogged
doggy	doggy
doghouse	doghouse
dogma	dogma
dogmatic	dogmatikoa
dogsick	NO TRANSLATION
doings	egintza
doit	NO TRANSLATION
dojo	dojo
doldrums	doldrums
dole	langabezian
doll	panpina
dollar	dolarra
dollhouse	Dollhouse
dolor	NO TRANSLATION
dolphin	izurdea
domain	domeinu
dome	kupula
domestic	etxeko
domesticated	etxe-
domestication	etxekotu
domicile	egoitza
domiciled	helbideratutako
dominance	nagusitasuna
dominant	menderatzailea
dominate	menderatzeko
dominating	A.
domination	dominazioaren
dominatrix	dominatrix
dominion	dominationeric
domino	bakarka
don	don
donate	dohaintzan
donation	dohaintza
donkey	asto
donor	emaile
dontlikeyou	NO TRANSLATION
dontmess	NO TRANSLATION
dontmesswithme	dontmesswithme
dontpanic	dontpanic
dontunderstand	NO TRANSLATION
doodle	doodle
doom	infernura
doomed	kondenatuta
doomsday	eraisten
door	ate
doorbell	txirrina
doorknob	doorknob
doorman	atezain
doormat	doormat
doornail	doornail
doorstep	batzuetan
doorway	atari
dopamine	dopamina
dope	Dope
dopey	dopey
dork	dork
dorky	dorky
dorm	gela
dormant	dormant
dormitory	logela
dorsal	bizkar
dosage	dosia
dose	dosi
dossier	dossierra
dot	dot
doting	doting
dotted	zipriztindua
dotty	dotty
double	bikoitza
doubled	bikoiztu
doublet	jipoia
doubling	bikoiztu
doubt	Zalantzarik
doubtful	zalantzagarria
doubting	doubting
doubtless	ezbairik gabe
doubts	zalantzak
douche	douche
douchebags	Douchebags
dough	pasta
doughboy	doughboy
doughnut	donut
dour	dour
douse	douse
dove	usoa
down	behera
downcast	downcast
downer	downer
downfall	kondena
downfield	downfield
downhearted	Downhearted
downhill	jeitsiera
download	deskargatu
downpour	Zaparradak
downright	downright
downriver	downriver
downside	arazotxo
downtime	hutsartea
downward	beheranzko
downy	downy
dowry	dote
doze	doze
dozen	dozena
drab	drab
draft	zirriborro
drafty	drafty
drag	arrastatu
dragon	herensuge
dragonfly	Dragonfly
drain	agortzea
drainage	drainatze
drained	xukatu
draining	hustutzen
drainpipe	drainpipe
drake	drake
drama	drama
dramaqueen	NO TRANSLATION
dramatic	dramatikoa
drape	drape
drapery	drapery
drastic	zorrotzak
drat	NO TRANSLATION
draught	zirriborro
draw	marrazteko
drawback	eragozpen
drawbridge	altxagarriak
drawer	tiradera
drawers	marrazkilariak
drawing	marrazki
dread	beldur
dreaded	beldurgarria
dreadful	beldurgarri
dreadfully	ikaragarria
dreading	dreading
dream	ametsa
dreamboat	dreamboat
dreamer	ameslari
dreaming	ametsetan
dreamland	dreamland
dreams	ametsak
dreamt	amestu
dreamy	ameslaria
dreary	dreary
dredge	dredge
drenched	blaituak
dress	soineko
dresser	dresser
dressmaker	jostuna
dressy	dressy
dribble	NO TRANSLATION
dried	lehortu
drier	lehorragoa
drift	drift
drifted	drifted
drifter	drifter
driftwood	driftwood
drill	zulatzeko
drink	edaria
drinker	edale
drinking	edateko
drinks	edariak
drip	tantaka
dripping	tantaka
drive	drive
drivel	jarioa
driver	gidari
driveway	driveway
drizzle	zirimiria
droll	droll
drone	drone
drones	drones
drool	drool
drooping	drooping
droopy	droopy
drop	askatu
droplet	tantaren
dropout	utzi
dropper	dropper
drought	lehorte
drove	NO TRANSLATION
drown	ito
drowsiness	logura
drowsy	drowsy
drudgery	drudgery
drug	droga
drug dealing	droga aurre
drugged	drugged
druggist	botikarioa
drugs	drogak
drugstore	drogeria
druid	morroiak
drum	danborra
drummer	bateria-jotzailea
drumming	ZAHAR
drunk	mozkortuta
drunk driving	edan gidatzea
drunkard	mozkorra
drunken	mozkor
drunkenness	hordiqueriaz
dry	lehorra
dryer	lehorgailua
dryness	lehortasunak
dual	bikoitza
dualism	dualismo
duality	dualtasuna
dub	dub
dubious	txarreko
duchess	dukesa
duck	ahate
ducking	ducking
duckling	ahatetxo
ducky	ducky
duct	hodi
ductile	harikorra
dud	dud
dude	dude
duds	duds
due	ondorioz
duel	duelu
dues	dues
duet	duet
duffel	duffel
dugout	Kanoak
duh	duh
duke	dukeak
dull	tristea
dullard	dullard
dumb	muda
dumbasses	dumbasses
dumbbell	dumbbell
dumbbitch	NO TRANSLATION
dumfound	dumfound
dumfounder	NO TRANSLATION
dummy	gezurrezko
dump	iraulketa
dumpling	dumpling
dumps	zabortegiak
dumpster	dumpster
dun	dun
dunce	dunce
dune	duna
dung	NO TRANSLATION
dungeon	ziega
dunk	dunk
duo	duo
dupe	dupe
duplex	duplex
duplicate	bikoiztu
duplication	bikoizketa
duplicity	bikoiztasun
durability	iraunkortasuna
durable	iraunkorrak
duration	iraupen
duress	duress
dusk	ilunabarrean
dusky	dusky
dust	hautsa
duster	duster
dustpan	pala
dusty	hautsez
dutiful	dutiful
duty	betebeharra
dwarf	Nano
dwarfed	nanoak
dweeb	dweeb
dwell	Ohar
dweller	dweller
dwelling	etxebizitza
dye	koloratzaile
dying	hiltzen
dyke	dike
dynamic	dinamikoa
dynamical	dinamikoak
dynamics	dinamika
dynamite	dinamita
dynamo	Dynamo
dynasty	dinastia
dysentery	dysentery
dysfunction	disfuntzio
dysfunctional	dysfunctional
dyspepsia	dyspepsia
eager	irrikaz
eagerness	nahia
eagle	arrano
ear	belarria
earful	Epaileak ondo merezitako
earl	earl
earlier	lehenago
early	goiz
earn	irabazten
earnest	serio
earnestly	serio
earnestness	earnestness
earnings	irabaziak
earpiece	entzungailu
earring	areto
earrings	belarritakoak
earshot	earshot
earth	lurra
earthenware	buztinezko
earthling	earthling
earthly	lurreko
earthquake	lurrikara
earthy	earthy
ease	arintzeko
easel	astoaren
easement	easement
easily	erraz
east	ekialdean
eastbound	eastbound
eastern	ekialdeko
easy	erraza
easygoing	easygoing
eat	jan
eater	eater
eating	jateko
eatingdisorders	NO TRANSLATION
eavesdrop	eavesdrop
eavesdropping	entzuketak
ebb	EBBko
ebony	Ebony
ebullient	ebullient
eccentric	xelebre
eccentricity	eszentrikotasuna
ecclesiastical	eliz
echelon	eCHELON
echinacea	Echinacea
echo	oihartzuna
eclectic	eklektikoa
eclipse	eklipse
ecliptic	ecliptic
ecological	ekologikoa
economic	ekonomikoa
economical	ekonomikoa
economics	ekonomia
economy	ekonomia
ecosystem	ekosistema
ecstasy	estasia
ecstatic	ecstatic
ecumenical	ecumenical
eddy	Eddy
edema	edema
edge	ertz
edging	edging
edgy	edgy
edible	jangarria
edict	ediktu
edification	Eraikinak
edifice	eraikin
edit	editatu
editing	edizio
edition	edizioa
editor	editore
editorial	editorial
educate	hezteko
educated	hezi
education	hezkuntza
educational	hezkuntzaren
educator	hezitzaile
eeeek	NO TRANSLATION
eeek	NO TRANSLATION
eek	eek
eel	eel
eerie	eerie
effect	efektu
effective	eraginkor
effectiveness	eraginkortasuna
effects	efektu
effectual	effectual
effectually	effectually
effectuate	eraginkor
effeminate	effeminate
efficacious	eraginkor
efficacy	eraginkortasuna
efficiency	eraginkortasuna
efficient	eraginkor
effigy	irudia
effort	esfortzua
effortless	effortless
effusion	effusion
effyou	NO TRANSLATION
egg	arrautza
egghead	egghead
eggnog	eggnog
eggplant	berenjena
eggshell	eggshell
ego	ego
egomaniac	egomaniac
egotistical	egoten
egregious	egregious
egress	egress
eight	zortzi
eighteen	hamazortzi
eighth	zortzigarren
eighty	laurogei
ejaculate	ejaculate
ejaculation	Prononc√©s
eject	egotzi
ejection	eiekzio
elaborate	prestatzerakoan
elaboration	elaborazio
elan	NO TRANSLATION
elapse	igaro
elapsed	igarotako
elastic	elastikoa
elasticity	elastikotasuna
elated	elated
elation	elation
elbow	ukondoa
eld	eld
elder	zaharrenaren
elderly	adinekoek
elders	zaharrenei
eldest	zaharrena
elect	hautatua
election	hauteskunde
elective	hautazko
elector	Hauteslearen
electoral	electoral
electorate	hauteskunde
electric	elektrikoa
electric slide	diapositiba elektrikoa
electrical	elektriko
electrician	electrician
electricity	elektrizitatea
electrify	argindarra
electrocute	electrocute
electrocution	electrocution
electromagnetic	elektromagnetikoaren
electron	elektroia
electronic	elektroniko
electronics	elektronika
elegance	dotorezia
elegant	dotore
element	elementu
elemental	elemental
elementary	oinarrizko
elements	elementu
elephant	elefante
elevate	elevate
elevated	altxatutako
elevation	kota
elevator	igogailua
eleven	hamaika
eleventh	hamaikagarren
elf	duende
elicit	elicit
eligible	jaso
eliminate	kentzeko
elimination	ezabatzea
elite	elite
elitist	elitista
elixir	elixir
elk	elk
ell	ell
ellipse	elipse
ellipsis	elipsi
ellipsoid	elipsoidearen
elliptic	eliptiko
elliptical	eliptikoa
elm	elm
elongate	luzangak
elongation	luzapena
elope	elope
eloquence	elokuentzia
eloquent	elokuenteak
elucidate	argitu
elucidation	argitu
elude	ihes
elusive	iheskorra
emaciated	emaciated
email	email
emanate	darizkio
emancipation	emantzipazio
embankment	lubeta
embargo	NO TRANSLATION
embark	ekitea
embarrass	embarrass
embarrassed	lotsatzen
embarrassing	lotsa
embarrassment	lotsa
embassy	enbaxadan
embattled	embattled
embed	embed
embellish	edertzeko
embellishment	apaingarria
embers	sua
embezzlement	embezzlement
embezzler	embezzler
emblem	ikurra
emblematic	enblematikoa
embodiment	isla
embolism	enbolia
embossed	errektifikatu
embrace	besarkatu
embroidered	bordatua
embroidery	bordatuak
embroiled	embroiled
embryo	enbrioia
embryonic	enbrioi
emcee	emcee
emerald	esmeralda
emerge	azaleratzen
emergence	sorrera
emergency	larrialdi
emeritus	emeritu
emery	Emery
emetophobia	emetophobia
emigrate	emigratzea
emigration	emigrazioa
eminence	eminence
eminent	ospetsuren
eminently	guztiz
emir	NO TRANSLATION
emissary	mezulari
emission	isuriaren
emit	igortzen
emo	eMO
emotion	emozio
emotional	emozionala
emotive	emotiboa
empathic	enpatikoa
empathize	enpatia
empathy	enpatia
emperor	enperadorea
emphasis	nabarmenduz
emphasize	nabarmendu
emphatic	emphatic
emphysema	enfisema
empire	inperio
empirical	enpirikoak
empiricism	enpirismo
employ	enplegatzen
employee	langilea
employer	enplegatzaile
employment	enplegua
emporium	aldizkaria
empower	indartu
empress	enperatriz
emptiness	hutsunearen
emption	emption
empty	Hutsik
emu	emu
emulate	emulatzeko
emulsion	emultsio
enable	gaitu
enablement	gaikuntza
enact	enact
enactment	aldarrikatu
enamel	esmalteak
encampment	kanpamentura
enchant	enchant
enchanted	sorgindutako
enchanting	enchanting
enchantment	xarma
enchantress	sorgintzailea
enchilada	enchilada
encircle	inguratu
encircling	inguratzen
enclave	kokagune
enclose	ixteko
enclosure	itxitura
encode	kodetzen
encomiastic	NO TRANSLATION
encomium	encomium
encompass	biltzen
encore	NO TRANSLATION
encounter	topaketa
encourage	animatu
encouraged	animatu
encouragement	animoak
encouraging	pozgarria
encroach	encroach
encroachment	encroachment
encrypt	encrypt
encryption	enkriptatze
encumbrance	karga
encyclopedia	askea
end	end
end table	amaierako taula
endanger	arriskuan
endangered	arriskuan dauden
endangerment	endangerment
endearing	maitagarria
endeavor	ahaleginduko
ended	amaitu
endemic	endemiko
endgame	endgame
ending	bukatzen
endless	amaigabeak
endocarditis	endocarditis
endorse	gatoz
endorsement	abal
endow	endow
endowed	eurokoa
endowment	zuzkidura
endpapers	endpapers
endpoint	amaiera
endurance	erresistentzia
endure	jasan
enduring	iraunkorrak
enema	enema
enemy	etsaia
energetic	energetikoa
energize	dinamizatzeko
energy	energia
enforce	betearazi
enforcement	betearaztea
enforcer	betetzaile
engage	ihardun
engaged	arduratzen
engagement	konpromiso
engaging	Bimbela
engender	engender
engine	motorra
engineer	ingeniaria
engineering	ingeniaritza
engrave	engrave
engraved	grabatuta
engraver	grabatzaile
engraving	grabatua
engrossed	engrossed
engrossing	engrossing
engulf	engulf
enhance	hobetu
enhancement	hobekuntza
enigma	enigma
enigmatic	enigmatiko
enjoin	enjoin
enjoy	gozatzeko
enjoyable	atseginagoa
enjoying	gozatzen
enjoyment	gozamena
enlarge	handitzeko
enlarged	ampliada
enlargement	handitze
enlighten	enlighten
enlightened	ilustratuak
enlightening	argigarria
enlightenment	Ilustrazioaren
enlist	enlist
enliven	enliven
enmity	etsaigoa
ennui	ennui
enormity	enormity
enormous	izugarria
enormously	izugarri
enraged	haserre
enrich	aberasteko
enroll	matrikula
enrollment	Matrikulazio
ensemble	ensemble
ensign	ensign
enslave	enslave
enslaved	esklabu
enslavement	morrontza
ensue	etor
ensure	ziurtatzeko
entail	ekarriko
entangled	korapilatu
entanglement	entanglement
enter	sartzen
enterprise	enpresa
enterprising	ekintzailea
entertain	Harkaitz
entertained	entretenitu
entertainer	Entertainer
entertaining	entretenigarria
entertainment	entretenimendu
enthralled	enthralled
enthusiasm	gogo
enthusiast	zalea
enthusiastic	gogotsu
entice	baliagarri
entire	osoa
entirety	osotasunean
entitle	eskubiderik
entity	Erakunde
entomology	entomologia
entourage	segizioa
entrails	erraiak
entrance	sarreran
entrapment	entrapment
entreat	erregutzen
entree	entree
entrepreneur	Enpresariak
entrust	esku utzi
entry	Istorio
enumerate	aipa
enumeration	zenbaketa
envelope	gutun-azal
envious	inbidia
environ	NO TRANSLATION
environment	ingurumena
environmental	ingurumen
environs	inguruak
envision	kenduko zituela
envoy	envoy
envy	inbidia
enzyme	entzima
ephemeral	iragankorrak
ephemeris	ephemeris
epic	epiko
epidemic	epidemia
epidermis	epidermis
epidural	epidural
epilepsy	epilepsia
epileptic	epilepsia
epilogue	Epilogo
epiphany	epiphany
episcopal	gotzain
episode	Pasarte
episodic	episodikoa
epistle	epistola
epitaph	epitafioa
epithet	epitetoa
epitome	epitome
epoch	aro
equal	berdina
equality	berdintasuna
equalization	berdintasuna
equalize	berdintzeko
equalizer	berdinketa
equally	berdin
equate	equate
equation	ekuazio
equator	ekuatorea
equatorial	ekuatore
equestrian	hipika
equidistant	distantziakide
equilibration	orekatzeko
equilibrium	oreka
equip	hornitzea
equipment	ekipamendu
equitable	zuzenagoa
equity	ekitatea
equivalence	baliokidetza
equivalent	baliokide
equivocal	dudazko
era	aro
eradicate	desagerrarazteko
eradication	desagerraraztea
erase	ezabatu
eraser	borragoma
erasure	erasure
ere	NO TRANSLATION
erect	tente
erectile	zutitzearen
erection	muntaketa
ergo	NO TRANSLATION
erode	higatzen
erosion	higadura
erotic	erotiko
erotica	erotismoaren
err	err
errand	mandatu
errant	ibiltari
erratic	alderrai
erratum	Erratum
erroneous	okerrak
error	error
erst	NO TRANSLATION
erudite	eruditu
erupt	lehertuko
eruption	erupzioa
escalade	escalade
escalate	eskalatzea
escalating	escalating
escalation	eskalatze
escalator	eskailera mekanikoak
escape	ihes
escaped	ihes
escarpment	malkar
eschew	eschew
escort	eskolta
escrow	fiduziario
esophagus	esophagus
esoteric	esoterikoak
especial	NO TRANSLATION
espionage	espioitza
espouse	espouse
espresso	espresso
esprit	esprit
esquire	Esquire
essay	saiakera
essayist	saiakera
essence	Funtsean
essential	ezinbestekoa
essentially	funtsean
establish	ezarri
established	ezarri
establishment	establezimendu
estate	higiezinen
esteem	autoestimua
esteemed	esteemed
esthetic	estetikoa
estimable	estimable
estimate	aurrekontua
estimation	estimazioa
estoppel	estoppel
estranged	estranged
estrogen	estrogeno
estuary	itsasadarrean
etch	etch
etching	akuaforte
eternal	betierekoa
eternity	betikotasunaren
ethanol	etanol
ether	eter
ethereal	etereo
ethic	etika
ethical	etiko
ethics	etika
ethnic	etnikoa
ethnography	etnografia
etiology	etiologia
etiquette	protokoloak
etymology	etimologia
eucalyptus	eukalipto
euchre	Euchre
eugenics	Eugenesia
eulogistic	gorespenezko
eulogium	Jn.aren Gorazarrean
eulogize	eulogize
eulogy	eulogy
euphemism	eufemismo
euphoria	euforia
euphoric	euforiko
euro	euro
euthanasia	eutanasia
evacuate	atera
evacuation	ebakuazio
evade	evade
evaluate	ebaluatu
evaluation	ebaluazio
evanescence	hutsaltasun
evangelical	Ebanjelioko
evangelist	sustatzaile
evangelistic	evangelistic
evaporate	ameskeria
evaporation	lurrunketa
evasion	evasion
evasive	iheskorra
eve	bezperan
evening	arratsaldean
evens	NO TRANSLATION
event	gertaera
eventful	gorabeheratsua
eventual	balizko
eventuality	Hipotesi
evergreen	iraunkorreko
everlasting	Betiko
evermore	gero
everyday	egunero
everyman	Everyman
evict	kanporatu
eviction	desalojoa
evidence	frogak
evident	agerikoa
evidentiary	evidentiary
evil	gaiztoak
evoke	gogorarazten
evolution	eboluzioaren
evolutionary	eboluzio
evolve	eboluzionatzen
ewe	ardi
ex	ex
exacerbate	areagotu
exacerbation	areagotzen
exact	zehatza
exacting	exacting
exaggerate	exaggerate
exaggerated	puztu
exaggeration	gehiegikeria
exalt	exalt
exaltation	gorespena
exalted	goraipatzen
exam	Proba orokorrak
examination	azterketa
examine	aztertu
examiner	aztertzaile
example	Adibidez
exasperated	exasperated
exasperation	exasperation
excavate	induskatu
excavation	indusketa
excavator	excavator
exceed	gainditzen
exceeding	gainditzen
excel	excel
excellence	bikaintasuna
excellent	bikaina
excelsior	excelsior
excepting	salbu
exception	salbuespen
exceptional	aparteko
excerpt	Puska
excess	gehiegizko
excessive	gehiegizko
excessively	gehiegi
exchange	truke
excise	Zerga
excision	excision
excitability	excitability
excitable	excitable
excitation	kitzikapen
excite	urduritu
excited	ilusioa
excitement	zirrara
exciting	zirraragarria
exclaim	deiadar
exclamation	harridura
exclude	baztertzeko
excluded	baztertutako
excluding	salbuetsiz
exclusion	bazterketa
exclusive	esklusiboa
excrement	gorotz
excretion	iraizketa
excruciating	excruciating
excursion	txangoa
excuse	aitzakia
exec	exec
execute	exekutatu
execution	exekuzioa
executioner	borreroak
executive	exekutiboa
executor	ERAGILEAK
exegesis	exegesi
exemplar	eredua
exemplary	eredugarria
exemplify	irudiek
exempt	salbuetsita
exemption	salbuespena
exercise	ariketa
exert	aldentzeko
exertion	exertion
exhale	arnastu
exhaust	ihes
exhausted	agortu
exhaustion	neke
exhaustive	zehatza
exhibit	erakusketa
exhibition	Erakusketaren
exhilarated	exhilarated
exhilarating	exhilarating
exhilaration	exhilaration
exhort	exhortatzen
exhortation	exhortation
exhumation	exhumation
exhume	lurpetik
exigent	NO TRANSLATION
exile	erbestean
exist	existitzen
existence	existentziaren
existent	existitzen
existential	existentzial
existing	Dagoen
exit	irteera
exodus	exodoa
exonerate	exonerate
exorbitant	exorbitant
exorcism	Exorcism
exorcist	Exorcist
exotic	exotikoak
expand	zabaldu
expanded	zabaldu
expanse	hedadura
expansion	hedapen
expansive	hedapen
expatriate	erbesteratuen
expect	espero
expectance	expectance
expectancy	itxaropena
expectant	adi
expectation	esperantza
expected	espero
expecting	espero
expediency	komenigarritasun
expedient	komenigarria
expedite	azkartzeko
expedition	espedizioan
expeditious	expeditious
expel	kanporatzeko
expendable	expendable
expenditure	gastuan
expense	gastu
expenses	gastuak
expensive	garestia
experience	esperientzia
experienced	bizi
experiences	esperientziak
experiment	esperimentua
experimental	esperimentala
experimentation	esperimentazioa
experimenter	esperimentalista
expert	aditua
expertise	esperientzia
expiration	iraungitze
expire	iraungitzear
expired	iraungi
expiry	iraungitze
explain	azaldu
explanation	azalpen
explanatory	azalpen
expletive	expletive
explication	azalpen
explicit	esplizituak
explode	lehertu
exploit	ustiatzeko
exploitation	esplotazioa
exploration	esplorazioa
exploratory	esploratzaile
explore	arakatu
explorer	esploratzaile
explosion	leherketa
explosions	leherketak
explosive	lehergai
expo	expo
exponent	adierazgarririk
exponential	esponentzialean
export	esportazio
exportation	esportazio
expose	busti
exposed	agerian
exposition	exposition
expository	expositiva
exposure	esposizio
expound	azaltzen
express	adierazteko
expression	adierazpen
expressive	adierazkorra
expressway	EXPRESSWAY
expropriation	desjabetze
expulsion	kanporatzea
exquisite	dotoreak
exquisitely	fintasun
extant	extant
extend	zabaldu
extendable	luza
extended	luzatu
extension	luzapena
extensive	zabala
extent	neurri
exterior	exterior
exterminate	suntsitzeko
extermination	sarraski
exterminator	exterminador
external	kanpoko
externally	kanpotik
extinct	desagertua
extinction	desagertzeko
extinguish	itzaltzea
extinguisher	itzalgailua
extol	goretsi
extort	extort
extortion	estortsio
extra	aparteko
extract	extract
extracting	ateratzean
extraction	erauzketa
extractor	ke
extracurricular	eskolaz kanpoko
extradition	estradizio
extrajudicial	judizioz kanpoko
extramural	kanpoko
extraneous	extraneous
extraordinaire	Extraordinaires
extraordinary	aparteko
extraterrestrial	estralurtarren
extravagance	extravagance
extravagant	bitxiak
extravaganza	extravaganza
extreme	muturreko
extreme anticipation	muturreko aurrea
extreme disgust	muturreko nazkagarria
extreme surprise	muturreko harridurarako
extreme trust	muturreko konfiantza
extremely	oso
extremely negative	oso negatiboa
extremely positive	Oso positiboa
extremity	muturrak
extricate	extricate
extrinsic	kanpoko
extrusion	estrusio
exuberance	oparoan
exude	arnasten
eye	begi
eyeball	Eyeball
eyebrow	eyebrow
eyeful	eyeful
eyeglass	Monokulo
eyeglasses	betaurrekoak
eyelash	Betile
eyelet	zuloa
eyeliner	eyeliner
eyepiece	eyepiece
eyes	begiak
eyesight	ikusmena
eyewitness	eyewitness
fab	fab
fable	fabula
fabled	berebat
fabric	oihal
fabricate	fabrikatzeko
fabricated	MENDAZA
fabrication	fabrikazio
fabulous	primerako
facade	fatxada
face	aurpegia
faceless	faceless
facet	facet
facial	aurpegiko
facile	NO TRANSLATION
facilitate	errazteko
facility	instalazioak
facing	begira
facsimile	faksimile
fact	Izan
faction	faction
factor	faktore
factory	fabrika
facts	gertaerak
factual	faktual
faculties	fakultate
faculty	fakultatean
fad	moda
fade	iraungitze
faded	desagertu
faeces	gorozkiak
fag	fag
faggot	fagot
fail	huts
failing	Huts
failure	porrota
fain	NO TRANSLATION
faint	apal
fainting	Desmayo
fair	bidezko
fairly	nahiko
fairness	zuzentasuna
fairway	fAIRWAY
fairy	maitagarri
faith	fede
faithful	fidela
faithfulness	fideltasuna
faithless	desleial
fake	faltsuak
faker	faker
falafel	falafel
falcon	falcon
fall	erori
fallacious	fallacious
fallacy	gezurra
fallback	erori
fallible	fallible
falling	erortzen
fallopian	fallopian
fallout	erori
fallow	lugorriak
false	FALSE
falsehood	faltsutasuna
falsely	sasi
falsification	faltsutze
falsified	faltsutu
falsify	faltsutu
falsity	faltsukeria
falter	falter
fame	ospea
famed	ospetsu
familiar	ezagunak
familiarity	etxekotasuna
familiarize	ezagutzea
family	familia
familytime	familytime
famine	gosetea
famished	famished
famous	ospetsua
famously	famously
fan	fan
fanatic	fanatiko
fanatical	fanatiko
fanaticism	fanatismo
fanciful	Nahikari
fancy	dotoreetan
fandango	fandango
fanfare	fanfarrea
fang	NO TRANSLATION
fangs	fangs
fanning	Fanning
fantasia	fantasia
fantasize	fantasize
fantastic	fantastiko
fantasy	fantasia
faraway	urrun
farce	fartsa
farcical	farcical
fare	tarifa
farewell	agur
farm	baserriko
farmer	Baserritarrak
farmhouse	baserri
farming	nekazaritza
farmland	nekazaritza
faro	faro
fart	fart
farther	urrunago
fascia	fascia
fascinate	liluratuko
fascinated	liluratuta
fascinating	liluragarriak
fascination	lilura
fascism	faxismoaren
fascist	faxista
fashion	moda
fashionable	modan
fastball	fastball
fasten	Lotu
fastener	krokadura
fastening	finkapen
fasting	BARAUALDI
fat	potolo
fatal	larria
fatalism	fatalismo
fatality	fatality
fate	patu
fated	hots,
fateful	zoritxarreko
fathead	fathead
father	aita
fatherhood	aitatasunari
fatherland	aberri
fatherly	aita
fathom	fathom
fatigue	nekea
fatigued	fatigued
fatso	fatso
fatten	loditu
fatty	gantz
faucet	txorrota
fault	akats
faultless	zeresanik
faulty	akastuna
faun	Faun
fauna	fauna
faux	faux
favor	mesede
favorable	favorable
favorite	gogoko
favoriteholiday	NO TRANSLATION
favoritism	favoritism
fawn	kumea
fax	fax
faze	NO TRANSLATION
fear	beldurra
feared	beldurgarri
fearful	fearful
fearfully	izugarri
fearing	beldur
fearless	beldurrik
fears	beldurrak
fearsome	fearsome
feasibility	bideragarritasun
feasible	bideragarria
feast	besta
feat	Euskal Herria
feather	luma
feathered	lumadun
feature	Ezaugarri
features	Ezaugarriak
febrile	febril
fecal	gorotz
feces	denbora
fecundity	emankortasun
fed	elikatutako
federal	federal
federation	federazioa
fedup	Elikatu
fee	kuota
feeble	ahula
feed	feed
feedback	iritzia
feeder	elikadura
feel	sentitzen
feelgood	ondo sentitu
feeling	sentimendu
feelingdown	NO TRANSLATION
feelinggood	NO TRANSLATION
feet	oinak
feign	itxurak
feigned	itxurak
feisty	feisty
felicity	zorion
feline	feline
fell	jaitsi
feller	feller
fellow	ikaskide
fellowship	beka
felon	felon
felony	delitu
felt	sentitu
female	emakumezkoak
feminine	femenino
femininity	feminitatearen
feminism	feminismoa
feminist	feminista
femme	NO TRANSLATION
femoral	femoral
femur	femur
fen	NO TRANSLATION
fence	hesia
fenced	hesituta
fencing	hesiak
fend	fend
fender	Fender
fennel	mihilua
ferment	hartzigarri
fermentation	hartzidura
fern	garo
ferocious	ferocious
ferocity	ferocity
ferret	ferret
ferry	ferry
ferryboat	NO TRANSLATION
fertile	emankorrak
fertility	emankortasuna
fertilize	ernaltzeko
fertilizer	ongarri
fervent	sutsua
fervor	debozio
fess	fess
fest	fest
festival	jaialdia
festive	jai
fetal	fetal
fetch	eskuratu
fete	NO TRANSLATION
fetish	fetitxe
fetus	fetua
feud	feud
feudal	feudal
feudalism	feudalismoaren
fever	sukarra
feverish	sukarra
fiancee	NO TRANSLATION
fiasco	fiasco
fiat	fiat
fib	FIB
fiber	zuntz
fiberglass	beira-zuntz
fibrosis	fibrosi
fibrous	zuntz
fickle	fickle
fiction	fikzio
fictional	fikziozko
fictitious	fikziozkoak
fiddle	biolina
fiddler	biolin
fidelity	fideltasun
fidgety	fidgety
fiduciary	fiduziarioak
field	eremu
field hockey	eremuan hockeya
fielder	fIELDER
fiend	fiend
fiendish	fiendish
fierce	baden
fiery	suzko
fiesta	fiesta
fiesty	NO TRANSLATION
fifteen	hamabost
fifty	Berrogeita hamar
fig	piku
fight	borroka
fighter	borrokalaria
fighting	itzaltze
fights	borrokak
figment	figment
figurative	figuratiboa
figure	Kopuru
figurine	figurine
filament	harizpia
filamentous	filamentous
file	fitxategia
filet	filet
filibuster	filibuster
filigree	filigree
filing	Aurkezteko
filings	filings
fill	bete
filler	betegarri
fillet	solomoa
filling	betetze
filly	filly
film	film
filmmaker	zinegile
filmy	NO TRANSLATION
filter	iragazkia
filth	filth
filthy	filthy
filtration	filtrazio
fin	NO TRANSLATION
final	final
finale	finale
finalist	finalista
finality	Helburu
finalize	amaitzeko
finalized	amaitu
finally	azkenik
finance	finantzen
financial	finantza
financier	financier
finch	txonta
find	aurkitu
finder	bilatzailea
finding	Aurkikuntza
fine	fina
finery	finery
finesse	fintasuna
finger	hatz
fingernail	fingernail
fingerprint	hatz-
fingerscrossed	NO TRANSLATION
finish	akabera
finished	amaitutako
finite	finitu
fink	fink
fir	fir
fire	sute
firearm	armen
firearms	suzko
fireball	Fireball
firecracker	firecracker
firefight	firefight
firefighter	suhiltzaile
firefly	firefly
firehouse	firehouse
firelight	firelight
fireman	suhiltzaile
fireplace	tximinia
firepower	firepower
fireproof	suaren aurkako
fireside	sutondoan
firestorm	firestorm
firewall	firewall
firewood	egurra
firework	firework
fireworks	su artifizialak
firing	tiro
firm	irmo
firmament	ortzia
firmly	irmoki
firmness	irmotasuna
first	lehenengo
firstborn	seme zaharrena
firstworldprobs	NO TRANSLATION
fiscal	fiscal
fish	arrain
fisherman	arrantzale
fishery	arrantza
fishing	arrantza
fishing boat	arrantza itsasontzia
fishy	fishy
fissile	fissile
fission	fisio
fissure	arraila
fist	ukabil
fistfight	fistfight
fistful	fistful
fistula	fistula
fit	kabitzen
fitness	fitness
fits	FITS
fitted	hornitua
fitting	egokitzea
fittings	ontziak
five	bost
fiver	fiver
fix	konpondu
fixable	fixable
fixation	orientazioa
fixed	finkoa
fixer	fixer
fixture	fixture
fixtures	lanabesak
fizz	fizz
fjord	fjord
flabbergast	flabbergast
flabbergasted	flabbergasted
flabby	flabby
flaccid	flaccid
flag	bandera
flagging	markatu
flagpole	flagpole
flagrant	flagrant
flagship	enblematiko
flagstaff	flagstaff
flair	flair
flak	flak
flake	flake
flaky	ahul
flamboyant	flam√≠gero
flame	gar
flamethrower	flamethrower
flaming	Flaming
flamingo	flamenko
flammable	suharbera
flan	flana
flange	hegaletan
flank	saihets
flanked	alboetan
flanking	mugakidea
flannel	flanelazko
flap	flap
flapping	flapping
flare	erlantz
flares	bengalak
flaring	flaring
flash	flash
flashback	flashback
flashing	keinuka
flashlight	linterna
flashy	flashy
flask	matrazea
flat	laua
flatbed	flatbed
flatfoot	flatfoot
flatness	lautasuna
flatten	berdindu
flatter	flatter
flattered	harro
flattering	flattering
flattery	flattery
flatulence	flatulence
flaunt	Flaunt
flavor	zapore
flaw	akats
flawed	flawed
flawless	flawless
flea	bigarren eskuko
fleabag	Fleabag
fled	ihes egin zuen
flee	ihes egin
fleece	polarra
fleet	flota
fleeting	iheskor
flesh	haragia
fleshy	mamitsuak
flex	flex
flexibility	malgutasuna
flexible	malguak
flexin	flexin
flexion	flexioa
flick	korritu
flicker	Flicker
flickering	flickering
flier	flier
flight	Hegaldia
flighty	flighty
flimsy	flimsy
flinch	kuzkurtu
fling	fling
flint	silex
flip	irauli
flip flop	txankleta
flipper	Flipper
flipping	iraultzeko
flirt	flirt
flirtation	flirtation
flirting	flirting
flirty	flirty
float	float
floater	floater
flock	artaldea
flog	flog
flood	uholde
floor	Solairu
flooring	zoruak
floozy	floozy
flop	flop
floppy	diskete
flora	flora
floral	lore
florist	lore-saltzaile
floss	haria
flotation	flotazio
flounder	flounder
flour	irina
flourish	loratzen
flow	osotasunean
flower	lore
flowering	loreak
flowers	loreak
flowery	lore
flows	isurtzen
flu	gripearen
fluctuate	aldaketarik
fluctuating	aldakorra
fluctuation	aldakuntza
flue	flue
fluency	azkartasuna
fluent	menderatuko
fluff	fluff
fluffy	fluffy
fluid	fluido
fluidity	arintasuna
fluke	Fluke
flunk	flunk
flunky	flunky
fluorescence	fluoreszentzia
fluorescent	fluoreszente
flurries	flurries
flurry	piztu
flush	hustu
flustered	flustered
flute	txirula
fluted	ildaskatu
flutter	flutter
fluvial	fluvial
flux	fluxua
fly	hegan
flyboy	flyboy
flyer	flyer
flying	hegan egiten
flywheel	flywheel
foal	foal
foam	apar
foaming	aparra
foamy	Foamy
fob	fob
focal	foku
focus	foku
fodder	bazka
foe	etsai
fog	laino
foggy	lainotsua
foil	paperarekin
foiled	zapuztua
fold	tolestu
folded	tolestuta
folder	karpeta
foliage	foliage
folio	folio
folk	folk
folklore	folklore
follicle	follicle
follicular	follicular
follow	jarraitu
follower	Jarraitzaile
folly	zentzugabekeria
fond	gustuko
fondle	fondle
fondling	Zirrika
fondness	zaletasun
fondue	fondue
font	letra-
food	janari
foodie	foodie
fool	norbera
fooled	engaina
foolhardy	foolhardy
fooling	fooling
foolish	inozoak
foolishness	foolishness
foolproof	foolproof
foot	oinez
foot stool	oina aulki
footage	metrajea
football	futbola
footbridge	pasabide
foothold	aurrera
footing	biziraun
footlocker	footlocker
footloose	footloose
footpath	bidezidor
footprint	aztarna
footwear	oinetako
footwork	hanka
fop	fop
forage	bazka
foray	saiakera
forbearance	forbearance
forbid	debekatzeko
forbidding	debekatuz
force	indarrean
forced	behartu
forceful	irmoa
forceps	pintzak
forces	indarrak
forcibly	indarrez
ford	ford
fore	trinketa
forearm	forearm
foreboding	foreboding
forecast	iragarpen
forecaster	forecaster
foreclose	foreclose
foreclosure	Hipoteken exekuzioa
forefathers	arbasoen
forefinger	forefinger
forefront	abangoardian
forego	uko
foregoing	aurreko
foregone	foregone
foreground	lehen planoan
forehead	kopetan
foreign	Atzerriko
foreigner	atzerritarra
foreman	Foreman
foremost	nagusietan
forensic	auzitegiko
forensics	Kernet
foreplay	foreplay
forerunner	aitzindaritzat
foresee	aurreikusten
foreseen	aurreikusitako
foresight	prospektiba
forest	baso
forestall	forestall
forethought	forethought
foreveralone	Bakarrik betiko
forevermore	forevermore
forewarned	forewarned
foreword	hitzaurrea
forfeit	uko
forfeited	galdu
forfeiture	forfeiture
forge	Agorregi
forger	faltsutzaile
forgery	faltsutzea
forget	ahaztu
forgetful	forgetful
forgetfulness	olvido
forgive	barkatzen
forgiven	barkatuko
forgiveness	barkamena
forgiving	barkatzea
forgotten	ahaztuta
fork	fork
forked	sardetutako
forking	banandu
forklift	eskorga
forlorn	harengan
form	inprimaki
formal	formal
formaldehyde	formaldehidoa
formalism	formalismo
formality	tramite
format	formatuan
formation	formakuntza
formative	hezigarria
formed	osatuta
formidable	zoragarria
forming	osatuz
formless	formless
formula	formula
formulary	formulary
formulate	formulatu
fornicate	fornicate
fornication	fornication
forsake	bazterrerat
forsaken	utzia
forsooth	orain berriz
fort	gotorlekua
forte	NO TRANSLATION
forthcoming	datozen
forthright	forthright
forthwith	berehalaxe
fortification	gotorleku
fortify	gotortu
fortitude	fortitude
fortnight	hamabost
fortnightly	hamabostero
fortress	gotorlekua
fortuitous	ezusteko
fortunate	zorioneko
fortune	fortuna
fortunes	zoriak
forty	berrogei
forum	forum
forward	aurrera
forwarding	birbidaltzean
fossil	fosila
fossils	fosilak
foul	nazkagarri
found	aurkituta
foundation	fundazioa
founder	sortzailea
founding	fundatzaileak
foundry	burdinola
fountain	iturria
four	lau
fourfold	laukoiztu
foursome	foursome
fourteen	hamalau
fourth	laugarren
fowl	hegaztiak
fox	azeria
foxhole	foxhole
foxtrot	foxtrot
foxy	Vaya Semanita
foyer	foyer
fraction	frakzioa
fractional	fractional
fracture	haustura
fragile	hauskor
fragility	hauskorrak
fragment	pasarte
fragmentary	zatikako
fragrance	usain
fragrant	lurrinez
frail	frail
frailty	frailty
frame	markoa
framework	esparru
franc	Franko
franchise	frankizia
frank	frank
frankenstorm	NO TRANSLATION
frankness	frankness
frantic	Frenet
frantically	erotu
frat	frat
fraternal	Fraternal
fraternity	senidetasun
fraud	iruzurra
fraudulent	iruzurrezko
fraught	fraught
fray	Fray
frayed	frayed
frazzled	frazzled
freak	freak
freaked	freaked
freakedout	NO TRANSLATION
freakingout	NO TRANSLATION
freakish	freakish
freakout	izutu
freaky	Freaky
freckle	freckle
free	doan
freebie	freebie
freedom	askatasuna
freehold	freehold
freelance	freelance
freelancer	autonomoa
freely	libreki
freeman	freeman
freestyle	freestyle
freeway	freeway
freeze	izoztu
freezer	freezer
freezing	izozte
freight	merkantzien
freighter	freighter
french horn	adar frantsesa
frenetic	frenetikoak
frenzied	frenzied
frenzy	zioten
frequency	maiztasuna
frequent	maiz
frequently	maiz
fresco	fresco
fresh	freskoa
freshair	NO TRANSLATION
freshen	freskatu
freshener	freshener
freshman	freshman
freshness	freskotasuna
freshstart	FRESHSTART
freshwater	geza
fret	fret
fretful	fretful
friar	fraile
fricking	fricking
friction	marruskadura
friday	ostiraletan
fridge	hozkailua
fried	frijituak
friend	Lagun
friendless	friendless
friendliness	adiskidetasuna
friendly	errespetatzen
friends	lagun
friendship	adiskidetasuna
frigate	fragata
friggen	NO TRANSLATION
fright	beldurra
frighten	beldurtu
frightened	izutu
frightening	beldurgarria
frightful	ikaragarri
frigid	frigid
fringe	arielak
fringed	fringed
frisbee	frisbee
frisk	NO TRANSLATION
frisky	frisky
frivolous	fribolo
frock	soineko
frog	igel
froggy	froggy
frolic	frolic
front	aurrean
frontage	frontage
frontal	frontal
frontier	Muga
fronting	fronting
frontispiece	frontispiece
frost	izozteak
frostbite	frostbite
frosted	frosted
frosting	frosting
frosty	frosty
froth	froth
frothy	frothy
frown	frown
frowning	frowning
frozen	izoztuak
frugal	frugal
fruit	fruta
fruit punch	fruta zulatu
fruitcake	fruitcake
fruitful	emankorra
fruition	fruituak
fruitless	antzuak
fruits	fruitu
fruity	frutatsuak
frustrate	zapuztea
frustrated	zapuztuta
frustrates	frustrates
frustrating	frustrating
frustration	frustrazioa
fry	Alebinak
fryer	Fryer
fuchsia	fuksia
fuck	arraio
fuckedoff	fuckedoff
fucker	fucker
fucking	madarikatu
fuckoff	fuckoff
fucksake	fucksake
fucktard	fucktard
fuckyeah	fuckyeah
fudge	erdipurdikoa
fuel	erregai
fugitive	Iheslari
fulcrum	fulcrum
fulfill	betetzeko
fulfilled	kunplitu
fulfilling	betetzen
fulfillment	betetzea
full	osoa
fullback	fullback
fullness	betetasuna
fully	guztiz
fulsome	fulsome
fumble	fumble
fume	ke
fumigation	fumigazioa
fumin	NO TRANSLATION
fuming	fuming
fun	fun
function	Funtzio
functional	funtzionala
fund	fondoa
fundamental	oinarrizko
fundamentalist	fundamentalista
fundamentally	funtsean
funday	funday
funding	finantzaketa
fundraiser	fundraiser
fundraising	diru bilketa
funds	funtsak
funeral	funeral
fungus	onddo
funk	funk
funky	funky
funnel	inbutua
funny	dibertigarria
fur	fur
furious	haserre
furiously	furiously
furlong	txanpan
furlough	furlough
furnace	labe
furnish	furnish
furnishings	altzariak
furniture	altzariak
furor	furor
furrow	furrow
furry	furry
furtherance	furtherance
fury	haserrea
fuse	metxa
fuselage	fuselage
fusion	fusio
fuss	fuss
fussy	fussy
fustrated	NO TRANSLATION
futile	futile
futility	futility
futon	futon
future	etorkizun
fuzz	Fuzz
fuzzy	lausoak
gab	NO TRANSLATION
gaby	Gaby
gad	gad
gadget	gadget
gaff	gaff
gag	gag
gaga	gaga
gage	gage
gaggle	gaggle
gahhh	NO TRANSLATION
gaiety	alaitasun
gain	irabazia
gainful	ordaindutako
gaining	irabazten
gait	gait
gal	gal
gala	gala
galactic	galactic
galaxy	galaxia
gale	GALE
gall	gall
gallant	Gallant
gallantry	gallantry
gallbladder	gallbladder
galled	galled
gallery	galeria
galley	Galera
gallon	gallon
gallop	lauhazka
galloping	galloping
gallows	Horca
galore	galore
galvanic	galvaniko
gamble	apustu
gambler	gambler
gambling	jokoarekiko
game	Joko
gameday	gameday
gametime	gametime
gaming	joko-
gamma	gamma
gammon	gammon
gamut	gamut
gander	gander
gang	Koadrilaren
gangland	gangland
gangrene	gangrene
gangster	gangster
gangway	gangway
gaol	kartzela
gap	hutsunea
gape	gape
gaping	gaping
garage	garage
garb	garb
garbage	zabor
garbled	nahasirik agertzen
garden	lorategi
gardener	lorazaina
gardening	lorezaintza
gardens	lorategietan
gargle	gargle
gargoyle	gargoyle
garish	garish
garlic	baratxuri
garment	garment
garner	GARNER
garnet	granatea
garnish	osagarri
garrison	goarnizioa
garter	garter
gas	gas
gaseous	gas
gash	gash
gasification	gasifikazio
gasket	GASKET
gasoline	gasolina
gasp	gasp
gasping	gasping
gassy	gassy
gastric	gastrikoa
gastronomy	gastronomia
gate	atea
gatekeeper	gatekeeper
gateway	pasagunea
gather	bildu
gatherer	biltzaile
gathering	topaketa
gator	GATOR
gatorade	gatorade
gauche	NO TRANSLATION
gaudy	gaudy
gauge	zabalerako
gauging	neurtzea
gaunt	argal
gauntlet	gauntlet
gauze	gaza
gavel	Gavel
gawk	gawk
gay	gay
gaze	begira
gazebo	Gazebo
gazelle	gazela
gazette	Aldizkari
gazetteer	izendegi
gazillion	gazillion
gazing	so
gear	engranaje
geek	geek
geeky	geeky
geez	geez
geezer	geezer
geisha	geisha
gel	gel
gelatin	gelatina
geld	NO TRANSLATION
gelding	gelding
gem	gem
gemini	gemini
gender	genero
genealogy	genealogia
general	general
generality	orokortasun
generalization	orokortu
generally	oro har
generate	sortzen
generation	belaunaldi
generative	sortzaile
generator	sorgailu
generic	generiko
generosity	eskuzabaltasuna
generous	eskuzabala
genesis	genesis
genetic	genetiko
genetics	genetika
genial	genial
genie	Genie
genital	genital
genitalia	genitalia
genius	jenio
genocide	genozidio
genome	genoma
genre	generoaren
gent	gent
genteel	genteel
gentile	gentile
gentle	leuna
gentleman	jaun
gentlemanly	gentlemanly
gentleness	gentleness
gently	emeki
gentry	gentry
genuine	benetako
genus	genus
geographic	geografikoa
geographical	geografikoak
geography	geografia
geological	geologiko
geologist	geologo
geology	geologia
geometric	geometriko
geometry	geometria
geranium	geranioa
gerbil	gerbil
geriatric	geriatriko
germ	ernamuina
german	german
germane	germane
germinate	germinate
germination	ernetze
germs	germenak
gestation	haurdunaldiaren
gesture	keinu
get	zaitez
getaway	ihes
getoverit	NO TRANSLATION
getoveryourself	NO TRANSLATION
getup	altxa zaitez
getyourown	getyourown
ghastly	itsusi
ghetto	ghetto
ghost	mamua
ghostly	espektrala
ghoul	ghoul
giant	erraldoi
gibberish	huskeriak
giddy	giddy
gift	opari
gifted	talentu handiko
gifts	opariak
gig	Kontzertu
gigantic	erraldoi
giggle	giggle
giggles	giggles
giggling	giggling
gigolo	gigolo
gilded	urreztatu
gill	gill
gills	gills
gilt	gilt
gimmick	gimmick
gimp	gimp
gin	gin
ginger	ginger
gingerbread	gingerbread
gingerly	Kontu handiz
ginseng	ginseng
giraffe	jirafa
girder	habe
girdle	gerrikoa
girl	neska
girlfriend	neska-lagun
girlie	girlie
girlish	girlish
girly	girly
girth	girth
gist	gist
give	eman
giveaway	oparitu
giver	NO TRANSLATION
giving	emanez
gizmo	tresna
gizzard	gizzard
glabrous	glabrous
glacial	glaziar
glacier	glaziarra
glad	pozik
glade	glade
gladiator	Gladiator
gladness	gladness
glamorous	glamour
glamour	glamourra
glance	begirada
gland	guruinaren
glare	glare
glaring	glaring
glass	beira
glasses	betaurrekoak
glassware	beira
glaucoma	glaukoma
glaze	Glaze
glazed	beira
gleam	gleam
gleaming	distiratsu
glean	glean
glee	glee
gleeful	gleeful
glen	glen
glib	glib
glide	txirrist
glider	glider
glimmer	glimmer
glimpse	ohi
glint	glint
glisten	glisten
glitch	aldez
glitter	purpurina
glittering	purpurinaz
gloat	gloat
global	global
globe	mundu
globular	globular
gloom	iluntasun
gloomy	iluna
glorification	modura
glorified	glorified
glorify	glorifica
glorious	gloriosa
glory	aintza
gloss	distira
glossary	glosario
glossy	satinatua
glove	eskularru
gloves	eskularruak
glow	distira
glowing	glowing
glucose	glukosa
glue	kola
glum	glum
glut	glut
gluten	glutena
glutton	glutton
gluttony	gluttony
glycerin	glizerina
gnat	gnat
gnome	gnome
go	joan
goal	helburua
goalie	ikusirik
goals	helburuak
goat	ahuntz
goatee	kokospekoa
gob	gob
gobble	gobble
goblet	Goblet
goblin	goblin
god	jainkoa
godbless	NO TRANSLATION
goddamn	goddamn
goddamned	goddamned
goddess	jainkosa
godfather	Padrino
godforsaken	godforsaken
godisgood	godisgood
godisgreat	NO TRANSLATION
godless	godless
godlike	jainkozko
godly	godly
godmother	amabitxi
godsend	godsend
godson	godson
gofuckyourself	gofuckyourself
goggle	Anaglifoa
goggles	betaurrekoak
gold	urrea
golden	urrezko
goldfish	goldfish
golf	golf
golfer	golfer
golfing	golfing
gondola	gondola
gone	joan
goner	goner
gong	NO TRANSLATION
gonorrhea	gonorrhea
goo	goo
goober	Goober
good	ona
goodbye	agur
goodday	egun ona
goodfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
goodhealth	NO TRANSLATION
goodie	goodie
goodies	goodies
goodlife	bizitza ona
goodly	goodly
goodmood	NO TRANSLATION
goodmorning	egun on
goodmusic	goodmusic
goodness	bondad
goodnews	berri onak
goods	ondasun
goodtimes	momentu onak
goodvibes	NO TRANSLATION
goodwill	borondate oneko
goody	GOODY
gooey	gooey
goof	goof
goofball	goofball
goofy	goofy
goon	jarraitu
gooood	gooood
goop	goop
goose	antzara
gopher	gopher
gore	gore
gorge	arroila
gorgeous	ederrez
gorilla	gorila
gory	g√≥ry
gospel	gospel
gossip	esamesak
gothic	gotikoa
gouge	gouge
goulash	goulash
gourd	kalabaza
gourmet	gourmet
gout	go√ªt
govern	gobernatzen
governess	andere√±o
governing	gobernu
government	Gobernu
governmental	gobernuz
governor	gobernaria
gown	bata
grab	grab
grace	grazia
graceful	Saritua
gracias	NO TRANSLATION
gracious	gracious
graciously	eskertsu
grad	NO TRANSLATION
gradation	mailaketak
grade	kalifikazioa
graded	kalifikatu
grader	kalifikatzailearen
grades	kalifikazio
gradient	gradient
gradschool	NO TRANSLATION
gradual	pixkanakako
gradually	pixkanaka
graduate	graduondoko
graduation	graduazio
graffiti	graffiti
graft	injerto
grail	Grial
grain	pikor
gram	gramo
grammar	Gramatika
grand	grand
grand theft auto	grand lapurreta auto
grandchild	biloba
grandchildren	bilobak
granddad	aitona
granddaddy	granddaddy
granddaughter	biloba
grandeur	handitasuna
grandfather	aitona
grandiose	ikaragarria
grandma	amona
grandmother	amona
grandpa	aitona
grandson	biloba
grandstand	tribuna
grange	grange
granite	granitozko
granny	amona
granola	granola
grant	egoztea
granted	emandako
grantee	grantee
grantor	grantor
granular	granular
granule	granule
grape	mahats
grape juice	mahats-zukua
grapefruit	Zor
grapes	mahatsa
grapevine	grapevine
graph	grafikoa
graphic	grafikoa
graphics	grafikoak
graphite	grafito
grapple	GrApple
grappling	grappling
grasp	Lezoko
grasping	grasping
grass	belarra
grasshopper	Txitxarra
grassy	belarrezko
grate	grate
grated	birrinduta
grateful	eskertu
gratification	gratification
gratified	gratified
gratify	asetzeari
gratifying	Poztekoa
grating	sareta
gratis	NO TRANSLATION
gratitude	esker on
gratuitous	doakoa
gratuity	gratuity
grave	grave
gravel	legar
graver	NO TRANSLATION
graveyard	hilerri
gravitate	gravitate
gravitation	grabitazio
gravitational	grabitazio
gravity	grabitatearen
gravy	saltsa
gray	grisa
graze	bazkatzen
grease	koipea
greased	greased
greaser	greaser
greasy	greasy
great	handia
great anticipation	aurrerapen handia
great aunt	izeba handia
great disgust	zorigaitz handia
great grandfather	aiton handia
great grandma	amona handia
great grandmother	amona handia
great grandpa	aiton handia
great surprise	zoragarria
great trust	konfiantza handia
great uncle	osaba handia
greatday	NO TRANSLATION
greater	handiagoa
greatest	handiena
greatfriends	NO TRANSLATION
greatful	NO TRANSLATION
greatly	asko
greatly negative	oso negatiboa
greatly positive	oso positiboa
greatness	handitasuna
greatnight	NO TRANSLATION
greed	gutizia
greedy	Greedy
green	berdea
green bean	babarrun berdea
green pepper	piper berdea
green snake	suge berdea
greenhouse	berotegi-
greenish	berdexka
greenwood	greenwood
greet	agurtzeko
greeted	agurtu
greeting	agurra
gregarious	Gregario
grenade	granada
grey	grisa
greyhound	xarlango
grid	grid
gridiron	gridiron
grief	mina
grievance	grievance
grieve	grieve
grieved	goibeldu
grieving	grieving
grievous	harrez
griffin	griffin
grill	parrilla
grille	parrilla
grilled	plantxan
grim	sombr√≠a
grime	grime
grimy	grimy
grin	grina
grind	ehotzeko
grinder	grinder
grinding	ehotzeko
grindstone	GRINDSTONE
gringo	gringo
grip	oratu
gripe	gripe
grisly	grisly
grist	grist
grit	horra
grits	grits
gritty	gritty
grizzly	grizzly
groan	gimen
grocer	dendariaren
groceries	janariak
grocery	janari-
groggy	groggy
groin	gurutzeria
groom	senargaiaren
groove	groove
groovy	groovy
grope	grope
gross	gordina
grotesque	groteskoa
grotto	haitzulo
grouch	Grouch
grouchy	grouchy
ground	lurrera
grounded	oinarrituak
groundhog	Groundhog
grounding	oinarri
groundless	groundless
grounds	lurrak
groundwork	oinarriak
group	taldeko
groupie	groupie
grouping	taldekatze
grouse	basoilarra
grout	grout
grove	zuhaizti
grovel	grovel
grow	hazten
growl	Growl
growling	growling
growls	growls
grownup	hazi
growth	hazkundea
growthefuckup	growthefuckup
grr	grr
grrr	grrr
grrrrr	grrrrr
grub	grub
grubby	grubby
grudge	grudge
grudging	grudging
grudgingly	grudgingly
gruel	gruel
grueling	grueling
gruesome	gruesome
gruff	gruff
grumble	Grumble
grump	Grump
grumpy	erretxinaz
grunt	Grunt
grunting	Marmar
guacamole	guacamole
guano	guano
guarantee	bermea
guaranty	berme
guard	guardia
guarded	alaitzen
guardhouse	guardhouse
guardian	tutorea
guardianship	tutoretza
guards	guardia
gubernatorial	gubernatorial
guerilla	gerrilla
guerrilla	gerrilla
guess	asmatzen
guesser	asmatzaileak
guesswork	guesswork
guest	Bisitari
guesthouse	Nekazalturismo
guidance	orientazio
guide	gidatuko
guidebook	gidaliburua
guidelines	jarraibideak
guiding	gidatzen
guild	gremioak
guile	Guile
guillotine	gillotina
guilt	erru
guilty	errudun
guinea	Gineako
guise	guise
guitar	gitarra
guitarist	gitarrista
gules	gorrian
gulf	Golkoan
gull	kaio
gullet	gullet
gullible	gullible
gully	Amildegia
gulp	gulp
gum	oietako
gumbo	gumbo
gummy	gummy
gumption	gumption
gun	pistola
gunboat	kanoiontzia
gunfight	gunfight
gunfighter	gunfighter
gunfire	tiro
gunk	gunk
gunman	gunman
gunmen	gunmen
gunner	Artillero
gunnery	gunnery
gunplay	gunplay
gunpoint	gunpoint
gunpowder	bolbora
gunshot	gunshot
gunslinger	gunslinger
gurney	gurney
guru	guru
gush	gush
gusher	Gusher
gusset	gusset
gust	bolada
gusto	NO TRANSLATION
gusty	gusty
gut	gut
gutless	gutless
guts	tripak
gutsy	gutsy
gutter	gutter
guy	zentzuduna
guzzler	guzzler
guzzling	guzzling
gym	Gimnasioa
gymnasium	kiroldegia
gymnast	gimnasta
gymnastic	gimnasia
gymnastics	gimnasia
gynecologist	ginekologoak
gynecology	ginekologia
gypsy	ijito
gyroscope	gyroscope
habit	ohitura
habitat	habitat
habitation	bizilekua
habitual	ohiko
habitually	ohiko
hacienda	hacienda
hack	hack
hacker	hacker
hacksaw	hacksaw
hadenough	NO TRANSLATION
hag	hag
haggard	Haggard
haggle	haggle
haiku	haiku
hail	kazkabarra
hair	ilea
hairball	hairball
hairbrush	hairbrush
haircut	haircut
hairdo	orrazkera
hairdresser	ileapaindegia
hairdryer	ile-lehorgailua
hairless	ilebakoak
hairline	hairline
hairpin	hairpin
hairspray	Hairspray
hairstyle	orrazkera
hairy	hairy
hale	hale
half	erdia
half dollar	dolarra erdia
halfback	halfback
halftime	denbora erdia
halfway	erdibidean
halibut	halibut
hall	aretoa
hallelujah	Hallelujah
hallmark	bereizgarria
hallowed	santu
hallucination	haluzinazio
hallway	korridorean
halo	halo
halt	geldialdi
halter	HALTER
halting	itzaltzeko
halve	erdira murriztea
halving	halving
ham	ham
hamburger	hanburgesa
hamlet	herrixka
hammer	mailua
hammerhead	hammerhead
hammering	hammering
hammock	hamaka
hamper	oztopatzen
hamster	Hamster
hamstring	hamstring
hand	eskua
handbag	poltsa
handball	eskubaloi
handbook	eskuliburu
handcuff	handcuff
handful	gutxi
handgun	handgun
handheld	Agenda elektronikoaren
handicap	urritasuna
handicapped	kaltetua
handicraft	artisautza
handiwork	eskulanak
handkerchief	zapia
handle	kudeatzeko
handler	kudeatzailea
handmade	artisau
handout	esku
handprint	handprint
handshake	diosal
handsome	ederra
handwriting	idazkera
handy	erabilgarri
handyman	handyman
hang	delta
hangar	hangar
hanger	esekitokia
hanging	zintzilik
hangman	borreroak
hangout	hangout
hangover	ajea
hangry	hangry
hank	Hank
hankering	hankering
hanky	hanky
hap	NO TRANSLATION
haphazard	Ostolaza
hapless	hapless
happen	gertatuko
happening	gertatzen ari
happier	zoriontsuago
happiest	zoriontsuena
happily	zorionez
happiness	zoriontasuna
happy	zoriontsu
happydance	happydance
happyday	happyday
happyheart	happyheart
happyholidays	NO TRANSLATION
happynewyear	NO TRANSLATION
happyplace	happyplace
happytweet	NO TRANSLATION
happyvalentinesday	NO TRANSLATION
harass	zirikatzen
harassing	jazartzailea
harassment	jazarpenaren
harbinger	heraldo
harbor	portua
hard	hard
hardball	hardball
hardcore	hardcore
harden	gogortzeko
hardened	gogortu
hardening	gogortzea
hardheaded	hardheaded
hardness	gogortasuna
hardship	oinaze
hardware	hardware
hardwood	hostozabalen
hardworking	hardworking
hardy	Eleizalde
hare	erbia
harebrained	harebrained
harem	harem
hark	hark
harlot	emagaldu
harm	kalte
harmful	kaltegarriak
harmless	Kalterik
harmonica	harmonika
harmonics	armoniko
harmonious	harmonikoa
harmoniously	harmoniatsuan
harmonize	bateratzea
harmony	harmonia
harness	arnesa
harp	arpa
harper	harper
harpoon	harpoon
harpsichord	klabezin
harrowing	harrowing
harry	harry
harsh	gogorretan
harshness	gordintasuna
hart	hart
harvest	uzta
hash	hash
hashish	haxixa
hassle	hassle
haste	haste
hasten	hasten
hastily	hastily
hasty	hasty
hat	txapela
hatch	eskotila
hatchet	aizkora
hate	gorroto
hateeee	NO TRANSLATION
hateeveryone	NO TRANSLATION
hateful	gorrotagarria
hater	hater
hateyou	NO TRANSLATION
hating	hating
hatred	gorrotoa
haughty	harroa
haul	garraiatu
haulage	haulage
haunt	haunt
haunted	zorgindutako
have	dute
haven	babesleku
havoc	hondamena
haw	haw
hawk	hawk
hawking	Hawking
hay	NO TRANSLATION
haye	haye
hayride	hayride
haystack	belar-meta
haywire	haywire
hazard	arrisku
hazardous	arriskutsuak
haze	lanbroa
hazmat	Hazmat
hazy	lainotsua
head	burua
headache	buruko min
headaches	buruko
headband	diadema
headdress	headdress
header	goiburua
headgear	headgear
heading	goiburua
headland	lurmuturrean
headless	bururik
headlight	headlight
headline	titular
headliner	headliner
headlock	headlock
headlong	headlong
headmaster	Kepa
headphones	entzungailu
headquarter	egoitza
headquarters	egoitza
headset	entzungailu
headstone	hilarriak
headstrong	headstrong
headway	aurrera
heady	ilusio hura
heal	sendatu
healer	healer
healing	sendatzeko
health	osasun
healthcare	Osasun-
healthful	healthful
healthy	osasuntsu
heap	arazoak izaten ari
hear	entzun
hearer	entzulearen
hearing	entzumena
hearsay	hearsay
hearse	hearse
heart	bihotz
heart disease	bihotzeko gaixotasunak
heartache	heartache
heartattack	NO TRANSLATION
heartbeat	taupada
heartbreak	heartbreak
heartbreaker	heartbreaker
heartbreaking	heartbreaking
heartbroken	heartbroken
heartburn	bihotzerrea
hearted	epel
heartfelt	hunkigarria
hearth	sutondo
heartily	bihotzez
heartland	hEARTLAND
heartless	heartless
hearts	bihotz
heartsick	heartsick
heartworm	heartworm
hearty	hearty
heat	bero
heated	berotzen
heater	berogailu
heath	heath
heathen	jentil
heather	txilar
heating	berogailu
heave	heave
heaven	zerura
heavenly	zerutar
heavens	zeruak
heavily	gogor
heaviness	pisua na
heaving	heaving
heavy	heavy
heavy metal	heavy metal
heavyweight	heavyweight
heck	demontre
hectares	hektareako
hectic	hectic
hedge	hedge
hedgehog	hedgehog
hedonism	hedonismoa
hee	hee
heed	kasu
heel	orpo
heels	takoi
heft	heft
hefty	hefty
hegemonic	hegemonikoak
heheh	NO TRANSLATION
heifer	txahal
height	altuera
heighten	heighten
heightened	heightened
heinous	heinous
heir	oinordekoa
heiress	oinordekoarekin
heirloom	heirloom
heirs	oinordekoek
heist	heist
helical	helikoidala
helicopter	helikopteroa
helipad	helipad
heliport	heliportu
helium	helioa
helix	helix
hell	infernua
hellfire	hellfire
hellhole	Hellhole
hellish	hellish
helm	lema
helmet	kasko
helmsman	lemazainak
help	lagundu
helper	laguntzailea
helpful	lagungarria
helpless	babesik
helplessness	babesik
hem	NO TRANSLATION
hematite	hematite
hematoma	ubeldura
hemi	hemi
hemisphere	hemisferioan
hemispheric	hemispheric
hemlock	hemlock
hemoglobin	hemoglobina
hemorrhage	hemorragia
hemorrhoids	Hemorroideak
hemostat	Hemostat
hemp	kalamua
hen	NO TRANSLATION
henceforth	aurrerantzean
henhouse	oilategi
hepatitis	hepatitis
herald	herald
heraldry	heraldika
herb	belar
herbaceous	belar
herbal	belar
herbarium	herbarium
herbs	belarrak
herd	artaldea
hereditary	herentziazko
heredity	herentziaren
heresy	heresia
heretic	heretic
heretical	heretical
heretofore	heretofore
hereunto	betetzera
herewith	herewith
heritage	ondarea
hermaphrodite	hermafroditen
hermeneutics	hermeneutika
hermit	ermitau
hernia	hernia
hero	heroi
heroic	heroiko
heroics	heroics
heroin	heroinaren
heroine	heroina
heroism	Hero√≠smo
herpes	herpes
herpesvirus	Herpesvirus
herring	sardinzar
hertz	hertz
hesitant	zalantzak
hesitate	zalantzarik
hesitating	zekiela
hesitation	zalantza
hetero	hetero
heterogeneity	heterogeneotasuna
heterosexual	heterosexual
hew	hew
hex	hex
hexagon	hexagono
heyday	heyday
hiatus	hiatoak
hibernate	hibernatu
hibernation	hibernazio
hiccup	hiccup
hick	Hick
hickey	HICKEY
hickory	hickory
hidden	ezkutuko
hide	ezkutatu
hideaway	hideaway
hideous	izugarri
hideout	biltegia
hiding	ezkutatzen
hierarchical	hierarkiko
hierarchy	hierarkia
hieroglyphics	hieroglyphics
high	handiko
high heels	takoi handiak
highball	highball
higher	altuagoa
highest	altuena
highland	highland
highlands	mendialdean
highlight	nabarmendu
highness	highness
hight	hight
hightail	hightail
highway	autopista
hijack	baimenik gabe atzitzen
hijacker	hijacker
hike	ibilaldi
hiker	hiker
hiking	ibiliak
hiking boot	mendi-ibiliak
hilarious	barregarri
hilarity	Idiakez
hill	muino
hillside	magal
hilltop	hilltop
hilly	hilly
hilt	Hilt
hind	hind
hinder	oztopatzen
hindering	oztopatuz
hindrance	oztopo
hindsight	hindsight
hinge	bisagra
hint	iradokizun
hinterland	barnealdean
hip	Aldaka
hip hop	hip hop
hippie	hippie
hippo	Hipo
hippopotamus	hippopotamus
hire	kontratatzea
hirsute	hirsute
hiss	hiss
hissing	hissing
histology	histologia
historian	historialariak
historic	historikoa
historical	historikoa
historiography	historiografia
history	historia
hit	jo
hitch	UZTARTZEA
hitchhike	hitchhike
hitchhiker	hitchhiker
hitherto	ordura arte
hitter	hitter
hive	hive
hives	erlauntza
hoard	hoard
hoarse	erlats
hoary	hoary
hoax	iruzurra
hob	bitrozeramika
hobbit	Hobbit
hobby	zaletasun
hobo	hobo
hock	hock
hockey	hockey
hoe	NO TRANSLATION
hog	Inhar
hogwash	hogwash
hohoho	NO TRANSLATION
hoist	hoist
hokey	hokey
hold	eduki
holder	titularra
holding	eusten
holdup	eutsi
hole	zulo
holiday	oporretan
holidays	oporrak
holidayseason	NO TRANSLATION
holiness	Saindutassunetan
holistic	holistiko
holler	holler
hollow	hutsak
holly	gorostiak
holocaust	holokaustoa
hologram	holograma
holographic	holografikoa
holster	zorrotik
holy	santua
holyspirit	NO TRANSLATION
homage	omenaldi
hombre	NO TRANSLATION
hombres	NO TRANSLATION
home	hasiera
homeboy	Homeboy
homecoming	homecoming
homeland	aberria
homeless	etxerik
homely	etxe
homemade	etxeko
homeopathic	homeopathic
homeopathy	homeopatia
homeowner	homeowner
homeroom	homeroom
homesick	homesick
homestead	baserria
homesweethome	homesweethome
hometown	jaioterrian
homeward	etxera bidean
homework	etxerako lanak
homey	homey
homicidal	homicidal
homicide	hilketa
homily	homilian
homing	homing
hominy	hominy
homo	homo
homogeneity	homogeneotasuna
homogeneous	homogeneoa
homologous	homologoak
homologue	homologoetako
homology	Homologia
homophobic	homofoboa
homosexual	homosexual
homosexuality	homosexualitatea
honcho	honcho
hone	Hone
honest	zintzo
honesty	zintzotasuna
honey	eztia
honeycomb	honeycomb
honeymoon	eztei
honeysuckle	honeysuckle
honk	honk
honky	honky
honor	honor
honorable	ohorezko
honorarium	honorarium
honorary	ohorezko
honored	saritua
hooch	hooch
hood	txano
hooded	jertsea
hoodlum	hoodlum
hoof	hoof
hook	kako
hooked	zaletasuna
hooker	Hooker
hookup	hookup
hooky	hooky
hooligan	hooligan
hoop	hoop
hoopla	hoopla
hooray	hooray
hoot	hoot
hooter	hooter
hop	hop
hope	espero
hopeful	itxaropentsu
hopeless	hopeless
hopelessness	hopelessness
hopes	itxaropen
hoping	mesederako
hopper	Hopper
horde	Horde
horizon	horizon
horizontal	horizontala
horizontally	horizontalki
hormonal	hormonal
hormone	hormona
horn	adarra
horned	zezenekin
hornet	Hornet
horny	madarikatu
horoscope	horoskopoa
horrendous	horrendous
horrible	izugarria
horribly	horribly
horrid	Horren
horrific	beldurgarria
horrified	izuturik
horrifying	izugarri
horror	beldurrezko
horrors	ikaragarriak
horse	zaldi
horseback	zaldiz
horseman	zaldizko
horsepower	zaldi
horseradish	horseradish
horseshit	horseshit
horseshoe	ferra
horsey	horsey
horticultural	baratze
horticulture	baratzezaintza
hosannah	NO TRANSLATION
hose	mangera
hosiery	hosiery
hospice	ospitalea
hospitable	abegitsua
hospital	hospital
hospitality	ostalaritza
host	ostalari
hostage	bahitu
hostel	Ostatua
hostess	azafata
hostile	etsai
hostilities	liskarretan
hostility	etsaitasuna
hot	beroa
hot sauce	saltsa beroa
hotbed	hotbed
hotdog	txakur beroa
hotel	hotel
hothead	hothead
hotline	telefonoa
hotshot	hotshot
hotyoga	NO TRANSLATION
hound	hound
hour	ordu
hourglass	hourglass
hourly	orduro
house	etxe
houseboat	houseboat
houseboy	houseboy
housebroken	housebroken
houseguest	houseguest
household	etxeko
householder	etxeko
housekeeper	Agencia
housekeeping	garbikuntza
housewarming	housewarming
housewife	etxekoandrea
housework	etxeko lanak
housing	etxebizitzak
hovel	hovel
hover	hover
hovercraft	hovercraft
howl	howl
howsoever	howsoever
hoy	NO TRANSLATION
hub	zentroa
hubby	hubby
huckleberry	Huckleberry
huddle	huddle
hue	√±abardura
huff	HUFF
huffy	huffy
hug	besarkada
huge	erraldoia
hugger	hugger
huggy	huggy
hugs	besarkadak
hulk	hulk
hull	kaskoa
hum	hum
human	giza
humane	gizatiarrak
humanitarian	humanitarioa
humanities	humanitateak
humanity	gizateria
humankind	gizateriaren
humanoid	Giza
humanrights	NO TRANSLATION
humble	apal
humbled	apal
humbly	apalki
humbug	Humbug
humdrum	humdrum
humid	hezea
humidity	hezetasun
humiliate	makurrarazi
humiliated	iraindu
humiliating	humiliating
humiliation	irain
humility	apaltasuna
hummer	Hummer
hummingbird	hummingbird
humongous	humongous
humor	umorea
humored	humored
humorist	umorista
humorous	umoretsu
hump	konkor
humpback	ballenas
hunch	hunch
hunchback	hunchback
hundred	ehun
hundredth	ehungarren
hunger	gosea
hungry	gose
hunk	hunk
hunks	hunks
hunky	hunky
hunt	Ehiza
hunter	ehiztari
hunting	ehiza
huntress	huntress
hurdle	oztopoa
hurl	Hurl
hurrah	hurray
hurricane	urakan
hurricanes	urakanak
hurried	hurried
hurry	Azkar ibili
hurryup	NO TRANSLATION
hurt	mindu
hurtful	hurtful
hurting	mina
husband	senarra
husbandry	abeltzantza
hush	Ixo
hushed	izenak
husk	NO TRANSLATION
husky	Husky
hussy	hussy
hustle	joan
hustler	Hustler
hut	etxola
hutch	Hutch
hyacinth	hyacinth
hybrid	hibridoa
hydra	hidra
hydrant	hydrant
hydrate	hidratatzea
hydraulic	hidraulikoaren
hydraulics	hidraulika
hydrocephalus	Hidrozefaliaren
hydrodynamics	hidrodinamika
hydrogen	hidrogenoa
hydrographic	hidrografikoak
hydrology	hidrologia
hydrophobia	hidrofobia
hydroponics	hidroponia
hyena	hiena
hygiene	higienea
hygienic	higienikoak
hygienist	Eskolak
hymen	hymen
hymn	ereserkia
hype	hype
hyped	hyped
hyper	hiper
hyperactive	hyperactive
hyperbole	hiperbole
hyperspace	hyperspace
hypertension	hipertentsio
hypertrophy	hipertrofia
hyperventilate	hyperventilate
hyperventilating	hyperventilating
hyphen	gidoi
hypnosis	hipnosi
hypnotic	hipnotikoa
hypnotist	Mesmer
hypnotize	hypnotize
hypnotized	hipnotizatuta
hypochondriac	hypochondriac
hypocrisy	hipokresia
hypocrite	hipokrita
hypocritical	hipokrita
hypodermic	hypodermic
hypothalamus	hipotalamoan
hypothermia	hipotermia
hypothesis	hipotesi
hypothetical	hipotetiko
hysterectomy	hysterectomy
hysteria	histeria
hysterical	hysterical
ibuprofen	ibuprofenoa
ice	izotz
ice tea	izotz tea
iceberg	iceberg
icebox	icebox
icebreaker	icebreaker
iced	Iced
icing	icing
icky	icky
icon	ikonoa
iconic	ikonikoa
iconography	ikonografia
icy	izoztutako
id	id
idea	ideia
ideal	ideal
idealism	idealismoa
idealist	idealista
idealistic	idealista
identical	berdin-berdina
identically	berdinean
identification	identifikazio
identify	identifikatzeko
identity	identitate
ideology	ideologia
idiocy	Idiocy
idiom	idiom
idiomatic	idiomatikoak
idiot	idiota
idiotic	idiotic
idiots	idiots
idle	idle
idleness	idleness
idler	idler
idol	idolo
idolatry	idolatria
idolizing	idolizing
idyllic	idiliko
iffy	iffy
ifonly	ifonly
igloo	iglu
igneous	igneo
ignite	su
ignition	pizte
ignorance	ezjakintasuna
ignorant	ezjakinak
ignore	ez ikusi
iguana	iguana
ihatespiders	NO TRANSLATION
ilk	NO TRANSLATION
ill	gaixo
illegal	legez kanpoko
illegality	ilegalitatearen
illegally	ilegalki
illegible	ulertezina
illegitimate	legitimoa
illicit	legez kanpoko
illiterate	analfabetoa
illness	gaixotasun
illogical	ilogikoa
illuminate	argitzeko
illuminating	argiztatzen
illumination	argiztapen
illuminator	illuminator
illusion	ilusio
illustrate	ilustratzen
illustration	ilustrazioa
illustrative	ilustratzailea
illustrious	ospetsuak
ilovechristmas	NO TRANSLATION
iloveher	NO TRANSLATION
image	irudia
imagery	irudiak
imaginable	imajina
imaginary	irudimenezko
imagination	irudimena
imaginative	irudimentsua
imagine	imajinatu
imagined	imajinatu
imaging	irudigintza
imagining	imajinatzeko
imam	NO TRANSLATION
imbalance	desoreka
imbecile	ergela
imbedded	imbedded
imissyou	NO TRANSLATION
imitate	imitatu
imitated	imitatu
imitation	imitazioa
immaculate	Inmaculada
immaterial	inmaterial
immature	heldugabe
immaturity	immaturity
immeasurable	immeasurable
immeasurably	immeasurably
immediacy	berehalakotasuna
immediate	berehalako
immediately	berehala
immemorial	antzinatik
immense	Egundoko
immerse	murgildu
immersion	murgiltze
immigrant	etorkinen
immigration	immigrazioa
imminent	berehalako
immobile	immobile
immoral	immoral
immorality	immorality
immortal	hilezkorra
immortality	hilezkortasuna
immovable	higiezinak
immune	immunitate
immunity	inmunitatea
immunization	txertoak
immutable	aldaezina
imp	imp
impact	eraginaren
impair	baliogabetzen
impaired	urritasuna
impairment	narriadura
impart	emango dituela
impartial	inpartziala
impartiality	inpartzialtasuna
impassable	impassable
impassioned	sutsua
impatience	ezinegonak
impatient	artega
impatiently	NO TRANSLATION
impeach	impeach
impeachment	akusazioak
impeccable	zaindua
impede	oztopatzen
impediment	oztopo
impelled	bultzatu
impending	impending
impenetrable	impenetrable
imperative	ezinbestekotzat
imperceptible	imperceptible
imperfect	perfektuak
imperfection	inperfekzioa
imperfectly	imperfectly
imperial	inperiala
imperialist	NO TRANSLATION
impermeable	iragazgaitzak
impermissible	impermissible
impersonal	inpertsonala
impersonate	itxurak
impersonation	izenean
impersonator	impersonator
impertinence	impertinence
impertinent	impertinente
impervious	impervious
impetuous	impetuous
impetus	bultzada
implacable	implacable
implant	inplantea
implantation	ezarpena
implanted	ezarri
implement	ezartzeko
implicate	inplikatu
implicated	inplikatuta
implication	inplikazioa
implied	inplikatzen
implore	erregutzen
implosion	implosion
imply	esan nahi
impolite	impolite
import	inportazio
importance	garrantzi
important	garrantzitsua
importation	inportazio
impose	inposatu
imposing	inposatu
imposition	inposaketa
impossibility	ezintasuna
impossible	ezinezkoa
impostor	iruzurgile
impotence	inpotentzia
impotent	impotent
impound	konfiskatzea
impoverished	pobretu
impracticable	ezinezkoa
impractical	impractical
impregnable	menderaezinak
impregnate	impregnate
impress	harritu
impressed	txosnak
impression	inpresioa
impressionable	impressionable
impressive	ikusgarria
imprint	aztarna
imprison	preso
imprisoned	kartzelatua
imprisonment	kartzelatzea
improbable	gertagaitza
impromptu	impromptu
improper	okerraren
impropriety	impropriety
improve	hobetu
improved	hobetu
improvement	hobekuntza
improves	hobetzen
improving	hobetzeko
improvisation	inprobisazioa
improvise	bertsotan
improvised	inprobisatu
imprudent	burugabe
impudence	impudence
impudent	lotsagabe
impulse	bulkada
impulsive	oldarkor
impunity	inpunitate
impure	purua
impurity	ezpurutasun
imputation	egozpen
imtryingtosleep	NO TRANSLATION
inability	ezintasuna
inaccessible	eskuraezinak
inaccurate	zehaztugabeak
inaction	ezak
inactivate	desaktibatzeko
inactivation	inaktibazio
inactive	inactive
inactivity	inaktibitate
inadequacy	desegokitasuna
inadequate	eskasa
inadequateness	inadequateness
inadmissible	onartezina
inadvertent	inadvertent
inadvertently	oharkabean
inaffable	NO TRANSLATION
inalienable	utziezin
inane	inane
inanimate	bizigabe
inapplicable	inapplicable
inappropriate	egokitzat
inattention	inattention
inaudible	Inaudible
inaugural	inaugurazio
inaugurate	inauguratuko
inauguration	inaugurazioan
inborn	inborn
inbound	sarrerako
inbred	inbred
incalculable	incalculable
incandescent	gori
incantation	incantation
incapable	ezgai
incapacity	ezintasuna
incarceration	incarceration
incarnate	Incarnate
incase	kasuan
incendiary	incendiary
incense	intsentsua
incensed	incensed
incentive	pizgarri
inception	hasieratik
incessant	etengabea
incessantly	etengabe
incest	intzestua
incestuous	intzestu
inch	hazbeteko
incidence	intzidentzia
incident	Gorabehera
incidental	ustekabeko
incidentally	bidenabar
incineration	errausketa
incinerator	erraustegi
incipient	hasiberria
incision	ebakia
incisive	garratza
incite	bultzatzen
incitement	eragileen
inclement	kaxkarra
inclination	inklinazio
incline	malda
inclined	inklinatu
include	besteak beste,
included	sartuta
including	barne
inclusion	sartzea
inclusive	biak barne
incognito	Incognito
incoherent	inkoherentea
income	errentaren
incoming	sarrerako
incomparable	paregabeko
incompatible	bateraezina
incompetence	incompetence
incompetent	incompetent
incomplete	osatu gabe
incompletely	osorik
incompleteness	osatugabea
incomprehensible	ulertezina
inconceivable	pentsaezina
inconclusive	inconclusive
incongruous	amaiera
inconsequential	inconsequential
inconsiderate	inconsiderate
inconsistency	kontraesanak
inconsistent	sendotasunik
inconspicuous	inconspicuous
incontinence	inkontinentzia
inconvenience	eragozpenak
inconvenient	deserosoa
incorporate	sartzeko
incorporation	txertatzea
incorrect	okerra
incorrigible	incorrigible
increase	areagotu
increased	handitu
incredible	sinestezina
incredulous	sinesgaitz
increment	gehikuntza
incriminate	incriminate
incriminating	norberaren aurka
incrimination	incrimination
incubation	inkubazio
incubator	mintegia
incubus	Incubus
incumbent	dagokie
incur	ordaindu
incurable	sendaezinak
incursion	oraingoz
indebted	Zorretan
indecency	lotsagabekeria
indecent	indecent
indecision	indecision
indecisive	Zalantzatia
indefensible	indefensible
indefinite	mugagabea
indelible	ezabaezin
indemnification	kalte-ordainak
indemnify	indemnizazioa
indemnity	kalte-
indent	koska
indentation	koska
indenture	indenture
independence	independentzia
independent	independente
indescribable	izugarriak
indestructible	suntsiezina
indeterminate	zehaztugabea
index	indizea
indicate	adierazi
indicating	adieraziz
indication	zantzurik
indicative	adierazgarri
indicator	adierazle
indice	NO TRANSLATION
indict	indict
indictment	indictment
indie	indie
indifference	axolagabekeria
indifferent	axolagabe
indigenous	indigenak
indigent	indigent
indigestion	indigestioak
indignant	haserre
indignation	sumindura
indignity	Irain
indigo	indigo
indirect	zeharkako
indiscreet	indiscreet
indiscretion	arinkeria
indispensable	ezinbesteko
indisposed	ondoezik
indistinct	indistinct
indistinguishable	indistinguishable
individual	banakako
individuality	banakotasuna
indivisible	zatiezina
indoctrination	doktrinamendua
indolent	indolent
indomitable	menderaezinagoa
indoor	indoor
induce	bultzatu
induced	eragindako
inducement	pizgarria
induction	indukzio
indulge	indulge
indulgence	indulgence
indulgent	indulgent
industrial	industrial
industrialist	industrialariak
industrious	langilea
industry	industria
ineffable	ineffable
ineffective	eraginkorra
ineffectual	ineffectual
inefficiency	eraginkortasunik eza
inefficient	eraginkorra
inelastic	inelastic
ineligible	desegokiak
inept	ongi
ineptitude	ineptitude
inequality	desberdintasuna
inequitable	egoten
inert	geldo
inertia	inertzia
inevitable	saihestezina
inexact	inexact
inexcusable	inexcusable
inexhaustible	agortezina
inexpensive	merke
inexperience	esperientziarik
inexperienced	esperientziarik
inexplicable	azalpenik
inexpressible	inexpressible
infallibility	menperaezinak
infallible	erasoezinak
infamous	gaiztoa
infamy	infamy
infancy	haurtzaroan
infant	haur
infanticide	infanticide
infantile	Haur
infantry	infanteriako
infarct	infarct
infatuated	infatuated
infatuation	infatuation
infeasible	infeasible
infect	kutsa
infection	infekzio
infectious	infekziosoen
infer	Infer
inference	inferentzia
inferential	inferentzial
inferior	inferior
inferiority	Gutxiagotasun
infernal	infernuko
inferno	inferno
infertile	antzuak
infertility	antzutasuna
infestation	infestation
infidel	infidel
infidelity	infidelity
infield	infield
infiltrate	infiltratu
infiltration	infiltrazio
infinite	infinitua
infinitely	zeharo
infinitesimal	infinitesimal
infinity	infinitua
infirm	eri
infirmary	erizaintza
infirmity	eritassunetic
inflammation	hantura
inflammatory	hanturazko
inflatable	puzgarriak
inflate	puzten
inflated	puztu
inflation	inflazioaren
inflection	inflexio
inflict	inflict
infliction	infliction
inflorescence	inflorescence
influence	eragin
influential	eragin
influenza	gripea
influx	ugaritasuna
info	info
infomercial	Iurbentia
inform	informatzeko
informal	informal
informant	informatzaile
information	informazio
informative	informatiboak
informed	informatuak
informer	informer
infraction	urratu
infrared	infragorria
infrastructure	azpiegitura
infrequent	ezohiko
infrequently	gutxitan
infringement	urratzea
infuriate	infuriate
infuriated	infuriated
infuriates	infuriates
infuriating	infuriating
infuse	Infuse
infused	UTZI
infuser	infuser
infusion	infusio
ingenious	sinpleagoak
ingenuity	adimen
ingest	jan
ingestion	irenstea
ingot	ingot
ingrained	errotuta
ingrate	ingrate
ingredient	osagai
ingress	ingress
inhabit	bizi
inhabitant	biztanleko
inhabited	bizi
inhabiting	bizi
inhalation	arnasteko
inhale	inhale
inhaler	inhaler
inherent	berezko
inherit	oinordetzan
inheritance	herentzia
inhibit	galarazteko
inhibition	inhibizio
inhibitor	inhibitzaile
inhospitable	babesgabe
inhuman	anker
inhumane	inhumane
inhumanity	inhumanity
inimaginable	NO TRANSLATION
inimical	inimical
inimitable	errepikaezina
iniquity	gaiztakeria
initial	hasierako
initiate	ekiteko
initiated	hasitako
initiation	hastapen
initiative	ekimen
inject	injektatu
injection	injekzio
injunction	Munain
injure	minik
injured	zauritu
injuring	min
injurious	iraingarri
injury	kalte
injustice	injustizia
ink	tinta
inkling	inkling
inland	barnealdeko
inlay	inkrustazioak
inlet	hartunea
inmate	preso
inn	benta
innards	tripak
innate	berezkoa
inner	barruko
innermost	barru-barruan
innerpeace	NO TRANSLATION
inning	inning
innings	innings
innkeeper	ostalaria
innocence	errugabetasun
innocent	errugabea
innocently	inuzenteki
innocuous	kalterik
innovate	berrikuntzak
innovation	berrikuntza
innovative	berritzaileak
innuendo	innuendo
innumerable	eraikuntzen
inoculation	inoculation
inoperable	inoperable
inoperative	inoperative
inordinate	inordinate
inorganic	ez-organikoak
input	Sarrera-
inquest	inquest
inquire	galdetu
inquirer	inquirer
inquiring	Eskaera
inquiry	kontsulta
inquisitive	inquisitive
inquisitor	inkisidorea
insane	erokeria
insanity	eromena
insatiable	aseezina
inscription	inskripzio
inscrutable	inscrutable
insect	intsektu
insecticide	intsektizida
insecure	segurua
insecurity	segurtasun eza
insemination	Intseminazio
insensitive	bereizten
inseparable	bereiztezinak
insert	txertatzeko
inserted	sartuta
insertion	txertatzeko
inside	barrutik
insider	Insider
insidious	Maltzurrak
insight	Xehetasun
insightful	insightful
insignia	insignia
insignificance	insignificance
insignificant	hutsala
insinuate	insinuate
insipid	geza
insist	azpimarratzen
insistence	behin eta berriro
insistent	insistent
insists	berretsi
insolence	lotsagabekeria
insolent	lotsagabe
insoluble	disolbaezinak
insolvency	kaudimengabezia
insolvent	insolvent
insomnia	loezina
insomniac	insomniac
inspect	ikuskatu
inspection	ikuskatzeko
inspector	inspector
inspiration	inspirazio
inspirational	inspirazio
inspire	inspirazioa
inspired	inspiratutako
instability	ezegonkortasuna
install	instalatu
installation	Instalazio-
installment	zatikako
instance	Esate
instant	instant
instantaneous	berehalako
instantaneously	berehala
instigate	bultzatzeko
instigation	instigation
instill	irakatsi
instinct	sena
instinctive	senezkoa
institute	Institutua
institution	erakunde
instruct	agintzeko
instructed	azaltzen
instruction	instrukzioa
instructional	instructional
instructions	argibideak
instructive	hezigarria
instructor	monitore
instrument	instrumentu
instrumental	instrumental
instrumentalist	instrumentista
instrumentality	instrumentalitate
insubordination	insubordination
insufferable	insufferable
insufficiency	gutxiegitasuna
insufficient	nahikoa
insufficiently	nahikoa
insular	Irla
insulate	isolatzen
insulated	isolatuta
insulation	isolamendu
insulin	intsulina
insult	iraina
insulting	iraintzen
insurance	aseguru
insure	aseguratu
insurgent	insurgent
insurmountable	gaindiezina
insurrection	matxinadaren
intact	osorik
intake	sarrerarekin
intangible	ukiezina
integer	zenbaki oso
integral	integral
integrate	integratzeko
integration	integrazioa
integrity	osotasuna
intellect	adimena
intellectual	intelektuala
intelligence	adimen
intelligent	adimentsuak
intelligibility	ulergarritasuna
intelligible	ulergarriak
intend	asmoa
intended	xedea
intending	asmorik
intense	bizia
intensely	biziago
intensify	areagotu
intensity	intentsitate
intensive	intentsiboa
intent	asmo
intention	asmoa
intentional	nahita
intentionally	nahita
inter	arteko
interact	elkarreragin
interaction	elkarrekintza
interactive	interaktibo
intercede	jardun dezaten
intercept	atzematen
interception	atzematea
intercession	intercession
interchange	trukaketa
interchangeable	trukagarriak
interchanged	interchanged
intercom	interfonia
intercourse	elkarrizketa
interdependence	interdependentzia
interdependent	mendekoak
interdiction	interdiction
interest	interes
interested	interesa
interesting	interesgarria
interface	interfazea
interfere	oztopatzeko
interference	interferentzia
interferometer	interferometro
intergalactic	intergalactic
interim	behineko
interior	barruko
interject	interject
interlocutory	tarteko
interlude	Interludio
intermediary	bitartekari
intermediate	tarteko
interment	lurperaketa
interminable	interminable
intermission	intermission
intermittent	aldizkako
intern	bekadun
internal	Barne
internally	barrutik
international	nazioarteko
internet	internet
internship	praktikak
interoffice	interoffice
interpolate	interpolatu
interpolation	interpolazio
interpret	interpretatu
interpretation	interpretazioa
interpreter	interpretatzaile
interpretive	interpretazio
interrelated	erlazionatuta
interrogate	galdeketa
interrogation	galdeketa
interrupt	eten
interrupted	eten
interrupting	eten
interruption	etenik
interrupts	interrupzio
intersect	gurutzatzen
intersection	elkargunea
interstate	Interstate
interstellar	espazioko
interstitial	interstizial
interval	tarte
intervene	esku hartzea
intervening	tarteko
intervention	esku-hartzea
interview	elkarrizketa
interviewer	elkarrizketa
interworking	elkarrekin lan
intestate	intestate
intestinal	heste
intestine	heste
intestines	hesteak
intimacy	intimitatea
intimate	intimista
intimately	hertsiki
intimation	intimation
intimidate	beldurtzea
intimidated	sobera lotsatu
intimidating	beldurra
intimidation	larderia
intolerable	jasanezin
intolerance	intolerantzia
intolerant	intoleranteak
intonation	intonazioa
intoxicated	mozkortu
intoxicating	intoxicating
intoxication	intoxikazio
intracranial	intracranial
intractable	konponezinak
intramural	intramural
intravenous	zain barneko
intrepid	ausart
intricate	korapilatsu
intrigue	intriga
intriguing	intrigazkoa
intrinsic	berezko
intrinsically	berez
intro	intro
introduce	aurkeztu
introduction	sarrera
introductory	sarrera
introspection	introspekzioa
introspective	introspective
intrude	muturra sartzen
intruder	intruder
intrusion	oztoporik
intrusive	intrusiboak
intubation	intubazioa
intuition	intuizio
intuitive	intuitibo
intuitively	intuizioa
inundation	uholdeak
invade	inbaditu
invader	erasotzaile
invalid	baliogabe
invalidate	baliogabe
invalidation	invalidation
invalidity	elbarritasun
invaluable	eskerga
invariably	beti
invasion	inbasioa
invasive	inbaditzaileak
invent	asmatu
invention	asmakuntza
inventive	irudimentsu
inventor	asmatzaile
inventory	inbentarioa
inverse	alderantzizko
inversely	alderantziz
inversion	inbertsioa
invert	invert
inverted	alderantzizko
invest	inbertitzeko
investigate	ikertu
investigation	ikerketa
investigative	ikerkuntzarako
investigator	ikerlari
investment	inbertsio
investor	inbertitzaileak
invidious	invidious
invigorate	dinamizatzeko
invincible	garaiezina
invisibility	ikusezintasuna
invisible	ikusezina
invitation	gonbidapen
invite	gonbidatzen
inviting	gonbidatzea
invocation	deitura
invoice	faktura
invoke	deitu
involuntary	nahigabeko
involution	inboluzio
involve	suposa
involvement	inplikazioa
invulnerable	invulnerable
inwards	barrurantz
iodine	iodo
ion	ion
iota	iota
irate	irate
ire	NO TRANSLATION
iridescent	iridescent
iris	iris
irked	irked
irks	irks
iron	burdin
ironclad	ironclad
ironic	ironikoa
irons	plantxa
irony	ironia
irradiation	irradiazio
irrational	irrazional
irrationality	irrazionaltasuna
irreconcilable	bateraezinak
irreducible	murriztezineko
irrefutable	irrefutable
irregular	irregular
irregularity	irregulartasun
irregularly	irregularra
irrelevant	garrantzirik
irreparable	konponezinak
irreplaceable	ordezkaezina
irrepressible	irrepressible
irresistible	liluragarria
irrespective	kontuan izan gabe
irresponsible	arduragabe
irreverent	lotsagabea
irreversible	atzeraezina
irrevocable	ezeztaezina
irrigate	ureztatzeko
irrigation	ureztatze
irritability	suminkortasuna
irritable	irritable
irritate	narritagarriak
irritated	haserre
irritates	irritates
irritating	irritating
irritation	narritadurak
island	uharte
isle	uhartea
islet	uharte
isolate	isolatu
isolated	isolatua
isolation	isolamendua
isomorphism	isomorfismoa
isothermal	isothermal
isotope	isotope
issue	alea
itch	itch
itching	azkura
itchy	itchy
item	elementua
itemize	Itemize
items	elementu
iterate	batetik bestera joateko
iteration	iterazio
iterative	etorriko
itinerant	ibiltaria
itinerary	ibilbidea
ivory	bolizko
jab	jab
jabber	jabber
jack	jack
jackal	jackal
jackass	jackass
jacket	jaka
jackhammer	jackhammer
jackpot	jackpot
jackrabbit	JACKRABBIT
jacks	katu
jade	Jade
jaded	jaded
jag	NO TRANSLATION
jagged	zorrotzak
jaguar	jaguar
jail	kartzelara
jailbird	jailbird
jailbreak	jailbreak
jailer	jailer
jailhouse	jailhouse
jalopy	jalopy
jam	jam
jamboree	Jamboree
jammed	nahaste
jammer	jammer
janitor	janitor
janitorial	janitorial
japan	japan
jar	jar
jargon	hizkera
jarhead	jarhead
jarring	jarring
jasmine	jasmine
jasper	jaspe
jaundice	jaundice
jaunt	jaunt
java	java
javelin	jabalina
jaw	masailezurra
jawbone	maxilarretako
jaws	masailezur
jay	jay
jazz	jazz
jazzy	jazzy
jealous	jeloskor
jealousy	jelosia
jean	Jean
jeans	bakero
jeep	jeep
jeering	iseka
jelly	gozoki
jellybean	goxokia
jellyfish	medusen
jenny	Jenny
jeopardize	arriskuan
jeopardy	arriskuan
jerk	jerk
jerks	jerks
jerky	jerky
jersey	elastiko
jest	NO TRANSLATION
jester	Bufoiak
jesus	jesus
jet	jet
jetty	pantalana
jewel	harribitxia
jeweler	bitxigile
jewelry	bitxiak
jib	jib
jiff	NO TRANSLATION
jiffy	jiffy
jig	jig
jiggle	jiggle
jigsaw	Puzzlea
jihad	jihad
jimmy	jimmy
jingle	jingle
jinx	jinx
jitters	jitters
jittery	urduri
jive	tontis
job	lana
jobinterview	NO TRANSLATION
jock	Jock
jockey	jockey
jockstrap	jockstrap
jog	jog
jogger	jogger
john	john
join	batu
joined	batu
joining	batu
joint	joint
jointly	elkarrekin
joke	Txiste
joker	joker
joking	txantxetan
jolly	Jolly
jolt	jolt
jornada	NO TRANSLATION
jot	jot
jour	NO TRANSLATION
journal	aldizkarian
journalism	kazetaritza
journalist	kazetari
journalistic	kazetaritza
journey	bidaia
journeyman	journeyman
joust	joust
jovial	jovial
joy	alaitasuna
joyful	alaia
joyous	joyous
joyride	joyride
joys	pozak
jubilant	jubilant
jubilee	ezteiak
judge	epaileak
judged	epaitu
judging	epaitzen
judgment	epaia
judgmental	epaitzea
judicial	judizialak
judiciary	judizial
judicious	judicious
judo	judo
jug	pitxar
juggle	juggle
juggler	malabarista
juggling	malabareak
jugular	jugular
juice	zukua
juicer	Eskuliburua
juicy	mamitsuena
juju	NO TRANSLATION
juke	Juke
jukebox	jukebox
jumble	jumble
jumbled	jumbled
jumbo	jumbo
jump	salto egin
jump rope	soka salto
jumper	jertsea
jumpsuit	jumpsuit
jumpy	jumpy
junction	bidegurutzean
juncture	Egoeraren
jungle	oihanean
junior	junior
juniper	ipuruak
junk	zabor
junket	mamia
junkie	junkie
junky	junky
junkyard	junkyard
junta	junta
juridical	juridiko
jurisdiction	jurisdikzio
jurisprudence	jurisprudentzia
jurist	jurista
juror	juror
jury	epaimahaiak
justice	justizia
justifiable	justifikatu
justification	justifikazio
justify	justifikatzeko
juststop	NO TRANSLATION
justthebeginning	NO TRANSLATION
jute	jute
juvenile	jubenil
juxtaposition	justaposizioa
kaiser	kaiser
kale	kalea
kaleidoscope	kaleidoskopio
kamikaze	kamikaze
kangaroo	kanguru
kanji	kanji
kappa	kappa
kaput	NO TRANSLATION
karaoke	karaoke
karate	karate
karma	karma
karmic	karmic
kayak	kayak
kazoo	kazoo
kebab	kebab
keel	keel
keen	gogoa
keep	gorde
keeper	keeper
keeping	mantenduz
keepsake	keepsake
keg	upelen
kelp	kelp
ken	ken
kennel	CRIADERO
kerchief	zapi
kern	kern
kernel	kernel
kerosene	kerosene
ketchup	ketchup
kettle	lapiko
key	gakoa
keyboard	teklatua
keyed	keyed
keyhole	Keyhole
keynote	Hitzaldi
keypad	teklatuetan
keystone	giltzarri
keyword	gako
khaki	kaki
khan	khan
kibble	kibble
kick	Jaurtiketa
kickboxing	kickboxing
kicker	kicker
kicking	ostikoka
kickoff	kickoff
kid	Txikitan
kidder	KIDDER
kidding	Txantxetan
kiddo	Kiddo
kiddos	kiddos
kidnap	bahiketa
kidnapped	bahitu
kidnapper	bahitzailea
kidnapping	bahiketa
kidney	giltzurrun
kids	haurrekin
kill	hiltzeko
killer	hiltzailea
killing	hilketak
killjoy	killjoy
kiln	labea
kilo	NO TRANSLATION
kilogram	kilogramo
kilometer	kilometro
kilt	kilt
kimono	kimono
kin	kin
kind	nolako
kindergarten	Haurtzaindegia
kindling	kindling
kindness	adeitasuna
kindred	kindred
kinematics	zinematika
kinesiology	kinesiology
kinetic	zinetiko
king	errege
king snake	errege suge
kingdom	erresuma
kingpin	kingpin
kink	kink
kinky	Kinky
kinship	senidetasuna
kiosk	kiosko
kirk	Kirk
kiss	musu
kisser	kisser
kissy	kissy
kit	kita
kitchen	sukaldea
kite	kite
kitten	kitten
kiwi	kiwi
klutz	klutz
knack	knack
knapsack	knapsack
knead	oratu
knee	belauna
kneecap	kneecap
kneel	belauniko
kneeling	belauniko
knell	knell
knick	knick
knickers	knickers
knife	labana
knight	zaldun
knighthood	zaldun
knit	knit
knob	knob
knock	kolpatu
knockoff	knockoff
knockout	knockout
knoll	knoll
knot	korapilo
knots	korapiloko
knotted	lotu
know	ezagutzen
knowing	jakitea
knowingly	knowingly
knowledge	ezagutza
knowledgeable	ezagutzaile
knuckle	ukondoa
knucklehead	knucklehead
knuckles	knuckles
koala	koala
kook	NO TRANSLATION
kooky	kooky
kool-aid	kool-laguntzak
kos	kos
kosher	kosher
kraut	NO TRANSLATION
kris	Kris
kryptonite	kryptonite
kudos	Kudos
kumquat	kumquat
lab	laborategian
label	labela
labor	lanaren
laboratory	laborategi
labored	nekatu
laborer	jornalero
laboring	ahaleginagatik
laborious	neketsuak
labyrinth	labirinto
lac	lac
lace	parpailak
laceration	laceration
lack	eza
lackey	lekaio
lacking	faltan
lackluster	lackluster
lacquer	laka
lacrosse	lacrosse
lactose	laktosa
lad	mutikoa
ladder	eskailera
laddie	laddie
laden	Laden
lading	lading
ladle	burruntzalia
lady	andre
lady bug	NO TRANSLATION
ladybug	MARIGORRINGOA
ladylike	ladylike
ladyship	andere
lag	lag
lager	NO TRANSLATION
lagging	lagging
lagoon	aintzira
lair	Lair
laity	laikoak
lake	aintzira
lama	NO TRANSLATION
lamb	arkumea
lame	herren
lament	lament
lamenting	Arrastoak da
lamina	lamina
laminated	laminatuzko
lamp	lanpara
lamppost	farola
lance	lance
lancer	lancer
land	lurrak
landed	lurreratu
landfall	landfall
landfill	Urbasan
landing	lurreratzen
landlady	ostalersak
landlocked	itsasgabe
landlord	lurjabe
landmark	mugarri
lands	lurrak
landscape	paisaia
landscaping	lorezaintza
landslide	luizi
lane	lane
language	hizkuntza
languid	languid
languish	languish
languishing	galduta
lanky	lanky
lantern	linterna
lap	itzulian
lapdog	txakurrarekin
lapel	lapel
lapse	lapse
lapsed	lapsed
laptop	ordenagailu eramangarri
larceny	lapurreta
lard	gantzaz
larder	larder
large	handiak
larger	handiago
largo	NO TRANSLATION
lark	hegatxabal
larva	larba
laryngitis	laryngitis
larynx	laringe
lasagna	lasagna
laser	laser
lash	lash
lass	neskatxa
lasso	Lasso
lastday	NO TRANSLATION
lasting	iraunkorrak
lastminute	lastminute
latch	latch
late	berandu
lateness	lateness
latent	ezkutuko
lateral	alboko
laterally	labaintzen
latex	latex
lathe	tornu
lather	lather
latitude	latitude
latrine	erako komun
latrines	komunak
latte	Latte
lattice	sare
laud	laud
laudable	laudable
laudation	laudation
laudatory	laudatory
laugh	barre
laughable	laughable
laughing	barre
laughingstock	NO TRANSLATION
laughs	barreak
laughter	barrea
launch	aireratzea
launcher	launcher
launches	aurkezpenak
launder	launder
laundering	zuritzea
laundry	garbitegia
laureate	saridunak
laurel	erramu
laurels	erramu
lava	lava
lavage	lavage
lavatory	komuna
lavender	izpilikua
lavish	lavish
law	legeak
lawful	legezkoa
lawless	Lawless
lawlessness	lawlessness
lawman	lawman
lawn	belarra
lawnmower	lawnmower
lawsuit	auzia
lawyer	abokatu
lax	lax
laxative	laxative
lay	etzan
layaway	layaway
layer	geruza
layered	geruzetan
layman	layman
layout	diseinua
layover	layover
laziness	nagikeriaren
lazy	alferra
lazyday	lazyday
lea	lea
lead	ekar
leaded	leaded
leader	lider
leadership	lidergoa
leading	liderra
leads	eramaten
leaf	hosto
leaflet	liburuxka
leafy	hosto
league	liga
leak	leak
leakage	isurketa
leaky	leaky
lean	lean
leaned	Atxikia
leaning	bermaturik
leap	jauzi
learn	ikasten
learned	ikasia
learner	ikaslea
learning	ikaskuntza
lease	errentan
leash	leash
leather	larruzko
leathery	leathery
leave	utzi
leavemealone	utzi nazazu bakarrik
leaving	utziz
lecherous	lecherous
lecture	hitzaldia
lecturer	irakasle
ledge	ledge
ledger	Ledger
lee	lee
leech	izain
leeches	izainak
leer	NO TRANSLATION
leery	leery
lees	NO TRANSLATION
leeway	leeway
left	ezker
leftout	NO TRANSLATION
leftover	hondarrak
leftovers	hondarrak
lefty	lefty
leg	hanka
legacy	ondarea
legal	lege
legality	legezkotasuna
legalize	legeztatzeko
legalized	legeztatu
legally	legez
legend	Kondaira
legendary	mitikoen
legibility	irakurgarritasuna
legible	irakurgarri
legion	Legioa
legislate	legeak
legislation	legedia
legislative	legegintza
legislator	legegileak
legislature	legegintzaldian
legit	egiaztatzeko
legitimacy	legitimitate
legitimate	legitimoak
lego	lego
legs	hankak
legume	legume
legwork	legwork
leisure	aisia
leisurely	lasai
lemma	lema
lemon	limoi
lemonade	limonada
lend	uzten
lender	emaileak
lending	mailegu
length	luzera
lengthen	luzatzeko
lengthened	luzatu
lengthening	luzatuta
lengthwise	luzetara
lengthy	luzea
leniency	barkamen
lenient	merezitako
lens	lente
leopard	lehoinabar
leotard	leotard
leper	legenardun
leprechaun	Leprechaun
leprosy	legenarra
lesbian	lesbiana
lesbianism	lesbianismoa
lesion	lesio
less	gutxiago
lessee	errentari
lessen	arintzeko
lessening	murriztu
lesser	txikiagoan
lesson	ikasgaia
lessor	errentatzaileari
let	utzi
lethal	hilgarria
lethargic	lethargic
lethargy	lozorrotik
letter	gutun
lettered	hizkiz
letterhead	letterhead
lettering	errotulazioa
letters	letrak
lettuce	letxuga
leukemia	leuzemia
levee	levee
level	Maila
lever	palanka
leverage	leverage
levitate	levitate
levy	tasa
lewd	lewd
lexicon	lexikoa
ley	NO TRANSLATION
liabilities	pasiboak
liability	erantzukizun
liable	erantzule
liaison	lotura
liar	gezurti
libel	libel
libelous	libelous
liberal	liberal
liberalism	liberalismoa
liberate	askatu
liberated	askatu
liberating	askatzaileak
liberation	askapen
liberty	askatasunaren
libido	libido
librarian	liburuzainak
library	liburutegia
libretto	libretoan
lice	zorriak
license	lizentzia
lichen	likena
lick	lick
licorice	licorice
lid	tapa
lie	gezur
liege	Lieja
lien	lien
lieu	lieu
lieutenant	tenientea
life	bizitza
lifeblood	lifeblood
lifeboat	lifeboat
lifeguard	sorosleek
lifeisgood	bizitza ona da
lifeless	lifeless
lifelike	lifelike
lifeline	lerro
lifelong	etengabeko
lifer	lifer
lifesaver	lifesaver
lifestyle	bizimodua
lifesucks	lifesucks
lifetime	bizitza
lift	igogailua
lifted	altxatu
liftoff	altxa
ligament	ligament
ligation	ligation
ligature	ligature
light	argia
light year	argi urte
lightbulb	bonbilla
lighten	argitu
lightheaded	lightheaded
lighthouse	itsasargi
lighting	argiztapen
lightness	argitasuna
lightning	tximista
lights	argiak
lightweight	arin
likable	likable
like	bezalako
likelihood	aukera
likely	litekeena
likeness	irudira
likewise	Halaber
liking	gustura
lilac	lila
lily	lily
limb	protesia
limber	limber
limbo	Limbo
lime	karea
limelight	Uztaila
limestone	kareharri
limey	Limey
limit	muga
limitation	mugarik
limited	mugatua
limitless	mugagabeak
limo	limo
limousine	limousine
limp	Limp
lin	lin
line	line
lineage	leinu
lineal	lineal
linear	lineala
linebacker	linebacker
lined	lerrokatuak
linen	lihoa
liner	liner
lines	lerroak
lineup	antolaketa
linger	linger
lingerie	lentzeria
lingering	lingering
lingo	Lingo
lingual	Hizkuntza
linguini	linguini
linguist	hizkuntzalaria
linguistic	linguistikoak
linguistics	hizkuntzalaritzaren
lining	Hornigaia
link	link
linoleum	linolioa
lint	Lint
lion	lehoia
lip	ezpain
liposuction	Liposukzioa
lipstick	lipstick
liquefaction	likidotze
liquefied	likidotua
liqueur	likore
liquid	likido
liquidate	likidatzeko
liquidation	likidazioa
liquidator	liquidator
liquidity	likidezia
liquor	likoreak
lira	NO TRANSLATION
lisp	Lisp
list	zerrenda
listen	entzun
listener	entzulea
listenting	NO TRANSLATION
listing	zerrenda
listless	listless
listneing	NO TRANSLATION
litany	litany
liter	litro
literacy	alfabetatze
literal	literal
literally	literalki
literary	literatur
literature	literatura
lithe	lithe
lithium	lithium
lithograph	litograf√≠a
lithography	litografia
lithology	litologia
lithosphere	lithosphere
litigant	auzilari
litigate	auzitan
litigation	auzi
litigator	litigator
litigious	litigious
litter	zaborrik
little	gutxi
littlethings	gauza txikiak
littoral	itsasertz
liturgy	liturgia
live	bizi
livelife	Bizi bizitza
livelihood	bizibidea
lively	bizia
liven	girotzeko
liver	gibela
livery	livery
livestock	abeltzaintza
livid	livid
living	bizi
lizard	musker
llama	llama
lml	LML
load	karga
loader	kargatzailea
loaf	loaf
loafer	loafer
loam	loam
loan	mailegua
loath	loath
loathe	nekez kokatzen
loathful	loathful
loathing	nazka
loathsome	nazkagarria
lobby	lobby
lobbyist	lobbyist
lobe	lobulua
lobotomy	lobotomy
lobster	otarrain
local	local
locale	locale
locality	herria
localization	lokalizazio
localize	arazketa
localized	lokalizatuta
locate	kokatu
location	kokapena
locator	Maparen
loch	loch
lock	blokeatu
locker	aldagela
locket	locket
locksmith	Maisu
lockup	lockup
loco	loco
locomotion	lokomozio
locomotive	lokomotora
locust	LOCUST
lode	NO TRANSLATION
lodge	lodge
lodger	lodger
lodging	ostatua
loft	ganbara
lofty	malkartsua
log	saioa hasi
logarithm	logaritmo
logarithmic	logaritmikoa
logic	logika
logical	logikoa
logistics	logistika
logo	logo
logotype	logotipoa
loin	NO TRANSLATION
lollipop	piruleta
lone	bakarti
loneliness	bakardadea
lonely	bakartia
loner	loner
lonesome	lonesome
long	luze
longboat	longboat
longevity	biziraupena
longing	irrika
longitude	longitude
longitudinal	longitudinal
longitudinally	luzetara
longtime	Denbora luze
loo	loo
look	begiratu
looker	looker
lookout	begiratoki
loom	ehuna
looming	looming
loon	loon
loony	loony
loop	begizta
loophole	loophole
loopy	loopy
loose	solteak
loosen	loosen
loosening	loosening
loot	loot
lop	LOP
lopsided	lopsided
lord	jaunari
lords	jaunen
lordship	Se√±or√≠o
lore	lore
lorry	kamioien
lose	galtzen
loser	galtzaile
losing	galtzeko
loss	galera
lost	galdua
lot	asko
lotion	krema
lots	asko
lottery	loteria
lotto	Lotto
lotus	lotus
loud	ozen
loudly	ozen
loudmouth	loudmouth
loudness	ozentasuna
loudspeaker	bozgorailua
lounge	egongela
lounging	lounging
louse	zorri
lousy	lousy
lovable	maitagarria
love	maite
loved	maite
lovee	lovee
loveee	loveee
loveless	loveless
lovelife	NO TRANSLATION
loveliness	loveliness
lovelovelove	NO TRANSLATION
lovely	ederra
lovemaking	lovemaking
lovemylife	lovemylife
lover	maitalea
lovesick	lovesick
lovethis	lovethis
loving	maitekorra
lovinglife	lovinglife
lovinlife	lovinlife
low	txikia
lowdown	lowdown
lower	baxuagoa
lowering	jaistea
lowest	txikiena
lowlands	eskariak
lowlife	lowlife
lowly	lowly
lox	LOX
loyal	leialak
loyalty	leialtasun
lsd	LSD
luau	luau
lube	lube
lubricant	lubrifikatzailea
lubricate	lubricate
lubrication	lubrifikazio
lucid	txukunena
luck	zorte
luckiest	luckiest
lucky	zortea
luckygirl	luckygirl
lucrative	irabazi
ludicrous	burugabe
lug	LUG
luggage	maletak
lukewarm	epeletan
lull	lull
lullaby	lullaby
lumbar	lumbar
lumber	lumber
lumbering	lumbering
lumberjack	lumberjack
luminescent	luminescent
luminous	argitsua
lump	Korapilo
lumpy	lumpy
lunacy	lunacy
lunar	lunar
lunatic	Lunatic
lunch	bazkaria
lunchbox	lunchbox
luncheon	bazkari
lunchtime	bazkalordua
lung	birika
lunge	lunge
lungs	birikak
lurch	lurch
lure	lure
lurid	lurid
lurk	lurk
lurking	lurking
luscious	luscious
lush	minaren
lust	Lust
luster	distira
lustful	lustful
lustrous	lustrous
lusty	lusty
lute	lute
luxuriant	jori
luxurious	luxuzko
luxury	luxuzko
lycra	lycra
lye	lye
lying	etzanda
lymph	lymph
lymphatic	linfatikoa
lymphoma	Id√≠goras
lynch	Lynch
lynching	lynching
lynx	katamotza
lyre	lira
lyric	lirikoa
lyrical	liriko
lyrics	letra
macadamia	Macadamia
macarena	Macarena
macaroni	makarroiak
mace	maza
mach	mach
machete	Aihotz
machine	makina
machinery	makineria
machinist	machinist
macho	macho
mackerel	berdela
macro	makro
mad	ero
madam	andrea
madame	madame
madden	Madden
madder	madder
mademoiselle	NO TRANSLATION
mademyday	mademyday
madhouse	madhouse
madman	ero
madness	eromena
maestro	maestro
mafia	mafia
magazine	aldizkariak
mage	Mago
magenta	magenta
maggot	maggot
magic	magia
magical	magikoa
magician	mago
magistrate	magistratu
magma	magma
magna	magna
magnate	magnate
magnesium	magnesio
magnet	imana
magnetic	magnetikoa
magnetism	magnetismoa
magnetite	magnetita
magnification	lupa
magnificence	handitasuna
magnificent	bikain
magnifier	lupa
magnify	handitu
magnifying	handitze
magnitude	magnitude
magnolia	magnolia
magpie	mika
mahi mahi	NO TRANSLATION
mahjong	mahjong
mahogany	mahogany
maid	neskamea
maiden	dontzeila
mail	mail
mailbox	postontzi
mailing	posta
mailman	izenik
maim	NO TRANSLATION
main	nagusia
mainframe	mainframe
mainland	penintsulako
mainstay	oinarria
mainstream	zeharkakoa
maintain	mantendu
maintenance	mantentze
majestic	dotorea
majesty	dotorezia
major	garrantzitsu
majority	gehiengo
make	egiteko
makeover	cambio
maker	egile
makeshift	makeshift
makesmehappy	NO TRANSLATION
makesmemad	NO TRANSLATION
makeup	makillajea
makingdisciples	NO TRANSLATION
malady	eritasun
malaise	malestar
malaria	malaria
malarkey	Malarkey
male	gizonezkoa
malevolent	malevolent
malfeasance	malfeasance
malformation	malformazio
malfunction	matxura
malice	NO TRANSLATION
malicious	maltzur
malign	gaizto
malignancy	gaiztotasuna
malignant	gaiztoa
maligned	maligned
mall	merkatalgune
malleable	malguak
mallet	Mallet
malnutrition	desnutrizioa
malpractice	malpractice
malt	malta
mama	mama
mambo	mambo
mamma	NO TRANSLATION
mammal	ugaztun
mammoth	Mamut
mammy	Mammy
man	gizon
manage	kudeatzeko
manageable	kudea
management	kudeaketan
manager	kudeatzailea
managerial	zuzendaritza
mandamus	Mandamus
mandarin	mandarina
mandate	agintaldia
mandatory	derrigorrezko
mandible	baraila
mandolin	mandolina
mandrel	mandrel
mane	NO TRANSLATION
maneuver	maniobra
maneuvering	maniobra
mange	NO TRANSLATION
manger	manger
mangle	mangle
mango	mango
mangosteen	Mangosteen
mangy	ile gabetuak
manhole	manhole
manhood	manhood
manhunt	manhunt
mania	mania
maniac	maniac
maniacal	maniacal
manic	Manic
manicure	manikura
manicurist	manicurist
manifest	manifestua
manifestation	manifestazio
manifested	manifiesta
manifestly	nabarmenki
manifesto	manifestu
manifold	kolektore
manipulate	manipulatzen
manipulation	manipulazioa
manipulative	manipulatzailea
mankind	gizadiaren
manly	Manly
manna	manna
manned	tripulatutako
mannequin	maniki
manner	eran
mannered	mannered
manners	ohitura
manor	Jaurerriko
manpower	eskulan
mansion	jauregien
mansions	jauregi
manslaughter	Manslaughter
mantel	Mantel
mantis	mantis
mantle	mantua
mantra	mantra
manual	eskuliburu
manufacture	fabrikazioa
manufacturer	fabrikatzailea
manufacturing	fabrikazio
manure	simaurra
manuscript	eskuizkribua
map	mapa
maple	astigarrak
mar	mar
marathon	maratoia
marble	marmol
marbled	marmolaire
marbles	marmolez
march	martxoa
mare	NO TRANSLATION
margarine	margarina
margarita	margarita
margin	marjina
marginal	marginal
mariachi	Mariachi
marijuana	marihuana
marinara	marinara
marine	itsas
mariner	Marinela
marital	zibilaren
maritime	itsas
mark	marka
marked	markatu
marker	markatzailea
market	merkatua
marketable	merkatura
marketing	marketing
marketplace	marketplace
marks	markak
marksman	tiratzailea
marksmanship	marksmanship
marl	marl
marmalade	mermelada
maroon	marroia
marooned	marooned
marquee	karpa
marquis	Marqu√©s
marred	marred
marriage	ezkontzaren
married	ezkondu
marrow	muineko
marry	ezkontzeko
marsh	padura
marshal	mariskalaren
marshmallow	marshmallow
mart	mart
martial	martzialetan
martingale	martingale
martini	martini
martyr	martiri
martyrdom	martirioa
marvel	Marvel
marvellous	miragarria
marvelous	miragarria
marvelously	marvelously
marzipan	NO TRANSLATION
mascara	mascara
mascot	maskota
masculine	maskulinoa
masculinity	gizontasuna
mash	mash
mashed	purea
mask	maskara
masked	mozorro
masks	maskarak
masochism	masokismoa
masochist	masochist
mason	hargin
masquerade	maskarada
mass	masa
massacre	sarraskia
massage	masajea
masses	masen
masseur	masajista
masseuse	masseuse
massive	masiboa
mast	masta
master	maisu
masterful	magistral
mastermind	mastermind
masterpiece	maisulana
mastery	maisutasun
masturbate	masturbate
masturbation	masturbazioa
mat	esterilla
matador	matador
match	partidaren
matchbook	matchbook
matching	Bat datorren
matchmaker	matchmaker
mate	mate
material	material
materialism	materialismo
materialist	materialista
materialistic	materialista
materiality	materialtasuna
materialize	gauzatzeko
materially	materialki
materials	material
materiel	materiel
maternal	amaren
maternity	amatasun
math	matematika
mathematical	matematiko
mathematician	matematikaria
mathematics	matematika
matinee	matinee
mating	estaltzea
matriculation	matrikula
matrimony	ezkontza
matrix	matrize
matron	matron
matted	matted
matter	materia
matting	Erregela
mattress	koltxoi
maturation	heltze
mature	heldua
maturity	heldutasun
maudlin	maudlin
mausoleum	mausoleoa
mauve	mauve
maverick	Maverick
maxim	arau
maximize	maximizatu
maximum	gehienez
may	may
mayday	mayday
mayflower	MAYFLOWER
mayhem	mayhem
mayonnaise	maionesa
mayor	alkateak
maze	labirinto
mead	ezti
meadow	belardia
meager	urriak
meal	bazkari
mean	esan nahi
meander	meandro
meandering	meandering
meanie	meanie
meaning	esanahia
meaningful	esanguratsuak
meaningless	zentzugabeak
meanness	meanness
means	bitartekoak
meantime	Bitartean
measles	Elgorria
measurable	neur
measure	neurtu
measured	neurtzen
measurement	neurketa
measuring	neurketa
measuring cup	neurtzeko kopa
measuring tape	neurtzeko zinta
meat	haragia
meatball	meatball
meathead	meathead
meatloaf	meatloaf
mechanic	mekanikari
mechanical	mekanikoa
mechanics	mekanika
mechanism	mekanismo
med	NO TRANSLATION
medal	domina
medallion	medallion
medallist	dominaren
meddle	nahasteko
meddling	meddling
media	media
medial	medial
median	mediana
mediate	bitartekari
mediation	bitartekotza
mediator	bitartekari
medic	medic
medical	mediku
medicate	NO TRANSLATION
medication	botikak
medicinal	sendagarriak
medicine	medikuntza
medieval	Erdi Aroko
mediocre	kaskar
mediocrity	kaskarkeria
meditate	gogoeta
meditating	meditatzen
meditation	meditazio
meditative	meditazio
mediterranean	Mediterraneoko
medium	medium
medley	Euskal Herria
meek	meek
meet	Ekin
meeting	bilera
mega	mega
meh	meh
melancholic	malenkoniatsua
melancholy	malenkonia
melee	buruz buru
mellow	mellow
melodious	melodious
melodrama	melodrama
melodramatic	melodramatikoa
melody	melodia
melon	meloi
melt	urtutako
meltdown	meltdown
melting	urtzen
member	kidea
membership	berri
membrane	mintza
memento	memento
memo	zirkularra
memoir	memoria
memorabilia	oroigarriak
memorable	gogoangarri
memorandum	memorandum
memorial	memorial
memorials	monumentuak
memories	oroitzapenak
memoriesiwontforget	NO TRANSLATION
memorize	ikasi
memory	memoria
menace	mehatxu
menacing	mehatxatzailea
menagerie	menagerie
mend	Mend
mending	mending
menial	menial
meningitis	meningitis
meniscus	meniskoa
menopause	Menopausiaren
menses	hilabete
menstrual	hilekoaren
mental	mental
mentalhealth	NO TRANSLATION
mentality	mentalitate
menthol	menthol
mention	aipatu
mentor	Tutore
menu	menu
meow	meow
mercantile	merkataritza
mercenary	mertzenarioak
merchandise	merkantziak
merchant	merkataria
merciful	merciful
merciless	gupidagabea
mercurial	zolia
mercury	merkurioa
mercy	erruki
mere	soil
merengue	merengue
merge	batu
merger	fusioa
meridian	meridiano
meridional	meridional
meringue	meringue
merit	meritu
meritorious	meritorious
mermaid	sirena
merriment	pozaren
merry	zaldiko
merrychristmas	NO TRANSLATION
mesa	mesa
mescaline	mescaline
mesh	Malla
meshes	sareak
mesmerized	mesmerized
mess	nahaspila
message	mezua
messedup	NO TRANSLATION
messenger	mezulari
messiah	Mesias
messy	narratsa
metabolic	metabolikoak
metabolism	metabolismoaren
metal	metal
metallic	metalikoa
metallurgy	metalurgia
metamorphosis	metamorfosia
metaphor	metafora
metaphorical	metaforikoa
metaphysical	metafisikoa
metaphysics	metafisikak
metastasis	metastasia
meteor	meteoro
meteoric	meteoric
meteorite	meteorito
meteorological	meteorologiko
meteorology	meteorologia
meter	metro
meth	xehetasun
methadone	metadona
methane	metano
methanol	metanola
method	Metodo
methodical	metodikoa
methodology	metodologia
meticulous	zorrotza
metime	metime
metric	metrotan
metrical	geometrikoak
metrology	metrologia
metropolis	metropoli
metropolitan	metropoli
mettle	mettle
mew	mew
mezzanine	entreplanta
mica	mika
mick	Mick
micro	mikro
microbe	mikrobio
microbiology	mikrobiologia
microchip	mikrotxip
microcosm	mikrokosmos
microfilm	mikrofilm
microgram	microgram
micrometer	mikrometro
micron	mikra
microphone	mikrofono
microscope	mikroskopioa
microscopic	mikroskopikoak
microscopically	microscopically
microscopy	mikroskopia
microwave	mikrouhin
mid	erdialdean
midair	midair
midday	eguerdian
middle	erdiko
middleman	middleman
middleweight	middleweight
midget	txiki
midland	midland
midlife	midlife
midline	midline
midnight	gauerdi
midshipman	midshipman
midst	erdian
midsummer	uda
midterm	midterm
midtown	midtown
midway	erdialdean
midwife	emaginak
midwifery	Emagintza
mien	NO TRANSLATION
miffed	miffed
mighty	ahaltsu
mignon	Mignon
migraine	migraine
migrate	migratu
migration	migrazioa
migratory	migrazio
mike	mike
mil	NO TRANSLATION
mild	epelak
mildew	lizuna
mildness	gozotasuna
mile	milia
mileage	kilometro-
milestone	mugarri
militant	militante
militants	militanteak
military	militarra
militia	milizia
milk	esne
milkman	esnezale
milkshake	milkshake
milky	Esne
mill	errota
millennium	milurtekoaren
milligram	miligramo
millimeter	milimetro
million	milioi
millionaire	Millionaire
millionth	milioigarren
millstone	errotarri
mime	mime
mimic	imitatzen
mimicking	mimika
mimicry	mimicry
mince	mince
mincemeat	mincemeat
mind	gogoan
minded	zabaltasuna
mindful	mindful
mindfulness	mindfulness
mindless	mindless
mine	nirea
minefield	minefield
miner	Miner
mineral	mineral
mineralogy	mineralogia
mingle	nahastu
mingled	nahasi
mini	mini
miniature	miniaturazko
minibus	minibus
minim	NO TRANSLATION
minimal	gutxieneko
minimize	minimizatu
minimized	minimizatu
minimum	gutxieneko
mining	meatzaritza
minion	lekaio
minister	ministroa
ministerial	Ministroen
ministry	ministerio
minivan	minivan
mink	Bisoi
minnow	minnow
minor	txikiak
minority	gutxiengo
minstrel	minstrel
mint	menda
minty	Minty
minuscule	minuscule
minute	minute
minutiae	minutiaeren
minx	minx
mir	NO TRANSLATION
miracle	mirari
miracles	mirariak
miraculous	Milagrosa
mirage	lilura
mire	NO TRANSLATION
mirror	ispilu
mirth	mirth
misappropriation	misappropriation
misbehave	portaera okerra
misbehavior	misbehavior
miscalculation	miscalculation
miscarriage	miscarriage
miscellaneous	miscellaneous
miscellany	Miszelania
mischief	bihurrikeriak
mischievous	bihurri
misconception	misconception
misconduct	desegokitasunak
misdemeanor	faltaren
misdirection	misdirection
miser	zeken
miserable	miserable
miserably	miserably
misery	miseria
misfire	misfire
misfit	misfit
misfortune	ezbeharra
misguided	okerra
mishap	mishap
misinformed	misinformed
misinterpretation	misinterpretation
mislead	engainatuta
misleading	engainagarria
misled	misled
mismanagement	mismanagement
mismatch	ez dator bat
mismatched	datoz
misnomer	misnomer
misplace	misplace
misplaced	Gehitu
misread	misread
misrepresent	misrepresent
misrepresentation	desitxuratuz
misrepresented	misrepresented
miss	miss
missile	misilen
missiles	misil
missing	falta
missingyou	NO TRANSLATION
mission	misioa
missionary	misiolari
misspell	misspell
misstatement	misstatement
missy	Missy
mist	laino
mistake	akats
mistaken	oker
mister	mister
mistletoe	mistletoe
mistreated	tratu txarrak jasaten
mistress	andrea
mistrial	mistrial
mistrust	mesfidantza
misty	misty
misunderstand	gaizki
misunderstanding	Gaizki ulertu
misunderstood	ulertua
misuse	gehiegikeria
mite	mite
miter	mitra
mitigate	arintzeko
mitigating	arintzeko
mitigation	arintzeko
mitt	mitt
mitten	NO TRANSLATION
mitzvah	mitzvah
mix	nahastu
mixed	mistoa
mixedemotions	mixedemotions
mixer	nahasgailu
mixture	nahasketa
mnemonic	mnemoteknikorako
moan	moan
moat	lubanarro
mob	mob
mobile	mobile
mobility	mugikortasun
mobilization	mobilizazio
mobilize	mobilizatzeko
mobster	mobster
mocha	mocha
mock	maketak
mocked	iseka
mockery	iseka
mocking	mocking
mockingbird	mockingbird
mod	mod
modal	moduzko
modality	modalitate
mode	Modu
model	eredu
modeler	modelatzaile
modeling	modelaketa
modem	modem
moderate	moderatua
moderate anticipation	aurrez aurre moderatua
moderate disgust	gaitzespen moderatua
moderate negative	negatibo moderatua
moderate positive	positibo moderatua
moderate surprise	sorpresa moderatua
moderate trust	konfiantza moderatua
moderately	neurrizko
moderating	moderatzen
moderation	moderazioaren
moderator	moderatzaile
modern	modernoa
modernism	modernismoa
modest	apala
modesty	apaltasun
modicum	modicum
modifiable	alda
modification	aldatzea
modified	eraldatutako
modify	aldatu
modulate	modula
modulation	modulazio
module	modulua
modulus	modulua
mogul	MOGUL
moiety	moiety
moist	umel
moisture	hezetasun
moisturizer	moisturizer
molar	molar
molasses	molasses
mold	moldea
molded	moldatutako
molding	moldura
moldy	lizunak
mole	mole
molecular	molekularreko
molecule	molekula
molest	molest
molestation	molestation
molester	molester
molten	Erkidegoan
mom	ama
moment	une
momentary	momentuko
momentous	momentous
momentum	momentu
momma	momma
mommy	mommy
monad	monada
monarch	monarka
monarchy	monarkia
monastery	monasterio
monastic	fraide
monetary	diru
money	dirua
mongoloid	Mongoloid
mongoose	Azkonarra
mongrel	Mongrel
monitor	monitore
monk	monje
monkey	tximinoa
mono	NO TRANSLATION
monochrome	kolore bakarreko
monogamous	monogamous
monogamy	monogamia
monogram	monogram
monogrammed	monogrammed
monograph	monografia
monolayer	geruza
monolith	monolito
monologue	bakarrizketa
monopolist	monopolista
monopoly	monopolioa
monotonous	monotonoa
monotony	monotonia
monoxide	monoxidoa
monsieur	monsieur
monsoon	montzoi
monster	munstroa
monstrosity	monstrosity
monstrous	gehiegikeriak
montage	muntaketa
monte	monte
month	Hileko
monthly	hileroko
monument	monumentua
monumental	monumental
moo	moo
mooch	mooch
mood	aldarte
moods	Moods
moody	Moody
moon	ilargia
moonbeam	moonbeam
moonlight	Ilargiaren
moonlit	Ilargi-
moonshine	Moonshine
moonstruck	moonstruck
moonwalk	Moonwalk
moor	Moro
moored	amarratuta
mooring	amarratzeko
moorings	moorings
moorland	moorland
moose	Moose
moot	moot
mooted	mooted
mop	mop
mope	mope
moped	ziklomotore
moral	moral
morale	morala
morality	moralaren
morals	moralaren
morass	morass
moratorium	moratoria
moray	moray
morbid	morbid
morbidity	erikortasun
morbidness	morbidness
mores	mores
morgue	morgue
moribund	hilzorian
morn	Morn
morning	goizean
moron	Moron
moronic	moronic
morose	morose
morph	itxuraldaketaren
morphine	morfina
morphism	morphism
morphology	morfologia
morrow	bihar
morsel	jaki
mortal	mortal
mortality	hilkortasuna
mortar	morteroak
mortgage	hipoteka
mortgagee	mortgagee
mortgagor	mortgagor
mortician	mortician
mortification	atsekaberako
mortified	mortified
mortuary	mortuary
mosaic	mosaiko
mosey	mosey
mosque	mezkita
mosquito	eltxo
moss	goroldioa
mossy	mossy
mote	NO TRANSLATION
motel	motel
moth	moth
mother	ama
motherfucker	motherfucker
motherfucking	motherfucking
motherhood	amatasunaren
motherland	ama
motherless	motherless
motherly	motherly
motif	motiboa
motion	motion
motionless	geldi
motivate	motibatzea
motivating	motibagarria
motivation	motibazioa
motivational	motibazio
motive	zioa
motley	Motley
motor	motor
motorbike	motoz
motorboat	txalupako
motorcade	motorcade
motorcar	automobilez
motorcycle	motozikleta
motorist	motorist
motte	motte
mottled	mottled
motto	lema
mould	moldea
mound	mendixka
mount	mendian
mountain	mendi
mountaineer	mendizalea
mountainous	menditsua
mountains	mendiak
mountaintop	mendi
mourn	deitoratzen
mournful	goibel
mourning	dolu
mouse	saguaren
mousetrap	mousetrap
mousse	moussea
moustache	bibote
mousy	mousy
mouth	ahoa
mouthful	mokadu
mouthpiece	mouthpiece
mouthwash	gogoak
movable	mugikorrak
move	mugimendu
movement	mugimendu
mover	mover
movie	movie
movies	filmak
moving	mugitzen
movingforward	NO TRANSLATION
movingon	movingon
mow	mow
mower	mower
moxie	moxie
mozzarella	mozzarella
mri	MRI
muchneeded	NO TRANSLATION
mucis	NO TRANSLATION
muck	muck
mucked	mucked
mucous	muki
mucus	moco
mud	lokatz
muddle	muddle
muddled	muddled
muddy	Zelai
muff	muff
muffin	muffin
muffled	muffled
muffler	muffler
mug	mug
mugger	mugger
mulberry	mulberry
mulch	mulch
mule	mando
mull	mull
mullet	barbarin
multilateral	alde anitzeko
multimedia	multimedia
multinational	multinazional
multiple	anitz
multiple sclerosis	Esklerosi multiplea
multiplex	multiplex
multiplication	biderketa
multiplicity	ugaritasun
multiplied	biderkatuko
multiplier	biderkatzailea
multiply	biderkatu
multitude	oste
mum	amak
mumble	ezezaguna
mumbo	mumbo
mummy	momia
mumps	papera
munch	Munch
munchies	munchies
munchkin	Munchkin
mundane	eguneroko
municipal	municipal
municipality	udalerri
mural	mural
murder	hilketa
murderer	hiltzaile
murderess	murderess
murderous	hiltzaile
murky	murky
murmur	zurrumurru
muscle	gihar
muscular	muskuluen
muse	musa
muses	musa
museum	Museoa
mush	NO TRANSLATION
mushroom	perretxiko
mushy	mushy
music	musika
musical	musikala
musician	musikari
musing	musing
musk	Musk
musket	moskete
musketeer	musketeer
muskrat	desmana
muslin	muslin
muss	NO TRANSLATION
must	muztioa
mustang	mustang
mustard	mustard
muster	muster
musty	musty
mutable	mutable
mutant	aldakor
mutate	mutatu
mutation	mutazio
mute	mutu
muted	ezikusia
mutilate	mutilate
mutilated	mutila
mutilation	mozketa
mutiny	matxinada
mutt	mutt
mutter	NO TRANSLATION
mutton	mutton
mutual	elkarrekiko
mutually	elkar
muzzle	Bozal
myfavorite	nire gogokoena
myopia	miopia
myopic	myopic
myriad	Myrian
mysterious	misteriotsu
mystery	misterio
mystic	mistiko
mystical	mistikoan
mysticism	mistika
mystified	dudatsu
mystique	mistika
myth	mitoa
mythic	mitiko
mythical	mitikoa
mythological	mitologikoak
mythology	mitologia
nab	nab
nacho	nacho
nada	NO TRANSLATION
nadir	nadir
nag	NO TRANSLATION
nail	iltze
nail gun	iltze pistola
naive	inozoa
naked	biluzik
nakedness	biluztasuna
namaste	NO TRANSLATION
name	izen
named	izeneko
nameless	izenik gabeko
namesake	namesake
naming	izendatzeko
nana	nana
nanny	umezain
nanometer	nanometer
nap	siesta
napalm	napalm
nape	kokotea
napkin	napkin
napping	napping
nappy	nappy
narcissism	narcissism
narcissist	narcissist
narcissistic	narzisista
narcotic	narkotikoa
narrate	kontatzeko
narration	narrazioa
narrative	narrazio
narrator	narratzailea
narrow	estuak
narrowing	estutzea
nasal	sudur
nascent	nascent
nasty	gaizto
natal	natal
nation	nazioaren
national	nazionalak
nationality	nazionalitatea
nationwide	nazio
native	ama-
nativity	jaiotza
natural	natural
natural gas	gas naturala
naturalist	naturalista
naturalization	naturalizazioa
naturalized	bertakoak
naturally	naturalean
nature	natura
naught	ezdeus
naughty	bihurria
nausea	goragalea
nauseate	birtual
nauseating	nauseating
nauseous	nauseous
nautical	miliak
nautilus	nautilus
naval	naval
nave	nabe
navel	zilborra
navigable	nabigagarria
navigate	nabigatu
navigation	nabigazioa
navigational	nabigazio
navigator	nabigatzailea
navy	itsas armada
nay	NO TRANSLATION
nearsighted	nearsighted
neat	neat
neatly	bata
nebula	nebula
nebulae	nebulae
nebulous	lainotsua
necessarily	nahitaez
necessary	beharrezkoa
necessitate	beharra
necessities	beharrak
necessity	derrigortasun
neck	lepoan
necklace	lepokoa
necktie	zapia
necromancer	necromancer
necrosis	nekrosi
nectar	nectar
need	behar
needalife	NO TRANSLATION
needed	beharrezkoak
needful	needful
needit	NO TRANSLATION
needle	orratz
needlepoint	needlepoint
needles	orratzak
needless	Esan
needtoknow	needtoknow
needtorelax	NO TRANSLATION
needy	behartsuei
nefarious	nefarious
negation	ukapen
negative	negatiboak
negativity	negatiboaren
neglect	utzikeria
neglected	ahaztutako
neglecting	guppida
negligee	negligee
negligence	arduragabekeria
negligent	Arduragabekeriaz
negligently	NO TRANSLATION
negligible	arbuiagarria
negotiable	negoziagarri
negotiate	negoziatzeko
negotiation	negoziazioa
negotiator	negoziatzaile
negro	negro
neigh	neigh
neighbor	bizilaguna
neighborhood	auzoa
neighboring	Bizilagunen
nemesis	nemesis
neon	neon
neonatal	jaioberrien
neophyte	neophyte
neoprene	neoprenozko
nephew	iloba
nepotism	nepotism
nerd	nerd
nerdy	nerdy
nerve	nerbio
nerves	nerbioak
nervous	urduri
nervousness	urduritasuna
nervouswreck	NO TRANSLATION
nervy	NO TRANSLATION
ness	ness
nest	Kabi
nestle	habia
nestling	nestling
net	net
nether	nether
netting	gelditu
nettle	nettle
network	sarea
networking	Sare
neural	Neurona
neuralgia	neuralgia
neurological	neurologikoa
neurologist	neurologo
neurology	neurologia
neurosis	neurosi
neurosurgeon	neurozirujau
neurosurgery	neurokirurgia
neurotic	neurotiko
neuter	neuter
neutral	neutral
neutrality	neutraltasuna
neutralize	neutralizatzeko
neutron	neutroi
new	berriaren
new age	adin berria
newbeginnings	NO TRANSLATION
newborn	jaioberri
newcomer	Wazemank
newday	newday
newfound	newfound
newjob	NO TRANSLATION
newlife	bizitza berria
newly	berriki
newlywed	newlywed
newme	newme
newness	berritasun
news	Berri
newscast	albistegi
newscaster	newscaster
newsflash	newsflash
newsletter	buletina
newsman	newsman
newspaper	egunkari
newspaperman	Kazetaria
newsreel	newsreel
newsroom	Albistegia
newsstand	newsstand
newstart	newstart
newt	uhandre
newyear	urte berri
nexus	lokarri
nib	nib
nibble	nibble
nice	polita
niche	niche
nichts	NO TRANSLATION
nick	nick
nickel	nikela
nickname	ezizena
nicotine	nikotina
niece	ilobaren
nifty	nifty
nigger	beltz
nigh	nigh
night	gauean
nightcap	nightcap
nightclub	Gaueko klub
nightfall	Iluntzean
nightgown	nightgown
nightie	nightie
nightingale	ruise√±or
nightlife	gaueko
nightly	gauero
nightmare	amesgaizto
nightmares	amesgaiztoak
nightstand	nightstand
nightstick	nightstick
nighttime	gaueko
nihilism	nihilismoa
nil	nil
nimble	nimble
nimrod	nimrod
nincompoop	nincompoop
nine	bederatzi
nineteen	hemeretzi
ninety	laurogeita
ninja	ninja
ninny	ninny
nintendo	nintendo
ninth	bederatzigarren
nip	Ijezteko
nipper	nipper
nipple	nipple
nippy	nippy
nitrate	nitratoa
nitro	nitro
nitrogen	nitrogeno
nitrous	nitrosoa
nitwit	nitwit
nix	nix
no anticipation	aurretiaz ez
no disgust	ez nazka
no emotion	ez emozioa
no sentiment	ez sentimendua
no surprise	ez da harritzekoa
no trust	konfiantza ez
nobility	noblezia
noble	noble
nobleman	noble
nobodycares	NO TRANSLATION
nocomplaints	NO TRANSLATION
nocturnal	gaueko
nod	nod
nodding	nodding
node	nodo
nodular	nodularra
nodule	nodulu
noggin	noggin
nohope	NO TRANSLATION
noir	noir
noise	zarata
noisy	zaratatsu
nomad	nomada
nomadic	nomada
nomenclature	nomenklatura
nominal	nominal
nominate	izendatuko
nomination	izendapena
nominee	hautagaia
nonce	nonce
nonchalant	nonchalant
noncompliance	noncompliance
nondescript	nondescript
nonexistent	existitzen ez
nonfat	nonfat
nonfiction	fikziozko
nonpayment	nonpayment
nonresident	nonresident
nonsense	zentzugabekeria
nonsensical	zentzugabeko
nonviolent	nonviolent
noob	noob
noodle	noodle
nook	nook
noon	eguerdian
noose	noose
nopoint	nopoint
noregrets	NO TRANSLATION
norm	arau
normal	normal
normalcy	normaltasuna
normality	normaltasun
north	iparraldean
northbound	iparrerantz
northeast	ipar-ekialdean
northern	iparraldean
northwest	Ipar mendebaldea
northwestern	ipar-mendebaldeko
noschool	NO TRANSLATION
nose	sudurra
nosebleed	nosebleed
nosey	nosy
nosnow	nosnow
nostalgia	nostalgia
nostalgic	nostalgikoa
nostress	NO TRANSLATION
nostril	nostril
nosun	NO TRANSLATION
nosy	nosy
not negative	ez negatiboa
not positive	ez positiboa
notable	nabarmenak
notables	notables
notably	nabarmendu
notamorningperson	NO TRANSLATION
notary	notario
notation	idazkera
notch	Notch
notched	notched
note	ohar
notebook	koaderno
noted	adierazi
noteworthy	Azpimarratzekoa
nothappy	NO TRANSLATION
nothingbetter	NO TRANSLATION
nothingness	ezereza
notice	oharra
noticeable	nabarmenagoa
notification	jakinarazpen
notify	jakinaraziko
notion	nozio
notional	notional
notoriety	nabarmendu
notorious	nabaria
notready	notready
notwithstanding	gorabehera
nought	ezdeus
noun	izen
nourish	elikatzen
nourishment	elikadura
nouveau	NO TRANSLATION
novel	eleberri
novelist	nobelagile
novelty	berritasun
novice	hasibe
nowadays	Gaur egun
nowork	nowork
noworries	ez kezkatu
noxious	kaltegarriak
nozzle	pita
nuance	√±abardura
nuances	√±abardura
nuclear	nuklearra
nucleus	nukleoaren
nude	biluzik
nudge	Bultzatu
nudie	Nudie
nudist	nudista
nudity	biluztasuna
nugget	nugget
nuisance	gogaikarriak
nuke	nuke
nul	NO TRANSLATION
null	nulua
nullify	nullify
numb	numb
number	zenbakia
numbering	zenbakitze
numbers	zenbakiak
numbness	numbness
numbskull	numbskull
numeral	zenbaki
numerator	zenbakitzailea
numerical	zenbaki-
numerically	zenbakiaren
numerous	ugari
nun	NO TRANSLATION
nunchucks	nunchucks
nunnery	komentu
nuptials	nuptials
nurse	erizaina
nursemaid	zaina
nursery	haurtzaindegia
nursing	erizaintza
nurture	elikatu
nut	Intxaur
nutcase	nutcase
nutcracker	Cascanueces
nuthouse	nuthouse
nutmeg	nutmeg
nutrition	elikadura
nutritional	elikadura-
nutritious	nutritiboa
nutritive	nutritibo
nuts	fruitu lehorrak
nutshell	Hitz
nutty	nutty
nylon	nylonezko
nylong	NO TRANSLATION
nylons	nylons
nymph	ninfa
nymphomaniac	nymphomaniac
oaf	oaf
oak	haritz
oar	arraun
oasis	oasi
oat	olo
oath	zin
oatmeal	oatmeal
obedience	obedientzia
obedient	esanekoa
obediently	obediently
obelisk	obelisko
obese	obesitatea
obesity	obesitatea
obey	obeditu
obi	obi
obit	obit
obituary	eskela
object	Objektu
objection	eragozpena
objectionable	gaitzesgarria
objective	Helburu
objectivity	objektibotasuna
obligation	betebeharra
obligatory	derrigorrezkoa
oblige	behartu
obliged	behartuta
obliging	obliging
obligor	obligor
oblique	airetiko
obliterate	ezabatu
obliterated	ezabatu
obliteration	obliteration
oblivion	ahanzturatik
oblivious	oblivious
oblong	laukizuzen
obnoxious	obnoxious
oboe	oboe
obscene	lizuna
obscenity	harako
obscure	ilun
obscured	ilunduta
obscurity	iluntasunean
observance	betetzeak
observant	observant
observation	behaketa
observatory	behatoki
observe	behatzen
observer	behatzaile
observing	errespetatuz
obsess	obsess
obsessed	obsesionatuta
obsessing	obsesionatzen
obsession	obsesioa
obsessive	obsesibo
obsolescence	zaharkitzearen
obsolete	zaharkitua
obstacle	oztopo
obstetrician	Mediatika
obstetrics	Obstetrizia
obstinate	burugogor
obstruct	oztopatuko
obstruction	eragozpenik
obstructive	Ian
obtain	lortzea
obtainable	obtainable
obtuse	kamutsa
obverse	xume
obvious	bistako
ocarina	okarina
occasion	Oraingo
occasional	noizbehinkako
occasionally	noizean behin
occipital	occipital
occlusion	etika
occult	Ocultista
occupancy	Plazakako
occupant	occupant
occupation	okupazioa
occupational	laneko
occupied	okupatu
occupier	okupatzaileen
occupy	okupatzen
occupying	okupatuz
occur	gerta
occurrence	agerraldia
ocd	OCD
ocean	ozeano
oceanic	ozeanoko
octagon	octagon
octave	zortzidun
octopus	olagarro
ocular	begietako
odd	bakoitiak
oddball	oddball
oddity	bitxikeria
odds	aurka
ode	oda
odious	gorrotagarri
odometer	Apparecida
odor	usain
odyssey	odisea
oedipal	edipo
oestrogen	estrogeno
oeuvre	NO TRANSLATION
offal	erraietan
offence	iraina
offend	iraindu
offended	Zuk
offender	offender
offense	iraina
offensive	iraingarria
offer	eskaintza
offered	eskainitako
offering	eskaintza
offhand	offhand
office	bulegoan
officer	ofizial
offices	bulegoak
official	ofiziala
officiate	officiate
offing	offing
offload	offload
offset	desplazamendu
offshoot	erdibideko
offshore	offshore
offside	jokoz kanpo
offspring	kumeak
oft	oft
oftentimes	oftentimes
ogre	Ogro
ohdear	NO TRANSLATION
ohgod	NO TRANSLATION
ohno	Oh ez
ohshit	NO TRANSLATION
oil	olioa
oils	olioak
oily	koipetsua
oink	oink
ointment	pomada
okra	okra
old	zaharra
olden	olden
older	zaharragoak
oldie	oldie
oldies	oldies
olfactory	usaimen
oligarchy	oligarkia
olive	oliba
omega	omega
omelet	tortilla
omen	omen
omgomgomg	NO TRANSLATION
ominous	kezkagarriak
omission	hutsegite
omit	ezikusia
omitted	kendutako
omnibus	kalifikazio
omnipotence	ahalguzti
omnipotent	ahalguztidun
omnipresent	nonahiko
omniscient	omniscient
onboard	onboard
oncologist	oncologist
oncology	onkologia
oncoming	oncoming
one	bat
oneday	egun bat
onedge	onedge
onelove	maitasun bat
oneness	batasunari
onerous	kostubidez
oneself	norbera
ongoing	etengabeko
onion	tipula
onset	agerpena
onslaught	eraso
onstage	eszenatokian
ontology	ontologia
onus	onus
onward	aurrera
onyx	onyx
oodles	oodles
oomph	oomph
ooze	ooze
oozing	oozing
op	op
opacity	opakotasuna
opal	opal
opaque	opakua
ope	ope
open	open
opener	Opener
opening	Irekitze
openly	irekian
openness	irekiagoak
opera	opera
operate	funtzionatzeko
operatic	opera
operation	operazioa
operational	dabil
operations	eragiketak
operative	operatibo
operator	operadorea
ophthalmic	oftalmikoetarako
ophthalmologist	oftalmologoak
opiate	opiazeoak
opinion	iritzia
opinionated	opinionated
opium	opioa
opponent	aurkari
opportune	egokia
opportunism	oportunismo
opportunity	aukera
oppose	aurka
opposed	kontrajartzen
opposing	kontrajarriak
opposite	kontrako
opposites	aurkakoen
opposition	oposizioa
oppress	zapaltzen
oppressed	zapalduak
oppression	zapalkuntza
oppressive	zapaltzailearen
oppressor	zapaltzailearen
ops	ops
opt	opt
optic	optikoa
optical	optikoa
optics	optika
optimism	baikortasuna
optimist	optimista
optimistic	baikor
optimum	onenetan
option	aukera
optional	aukerako
optionally	aukeran
options	aukera
optometrist	optometrist
opulence	oparotasuna
opulent	oparo
opus	opus
oracle	orakulua
oral	ahozko
orange	laranja
orange juice	laranja-zukua
orangutan	orangutan
oration	otoitza
orator	hizlari
oratory	otoiztegia
orb	Orb
orbit	orbitan
orbital	orbita
orbiting	orbiting
orbs	orbs
orc	OCR
orchard	baratza
orchestra	orkestra
orchid	Orchid
ordained	ordenatu
ordeal	Dena
order	ordena
orderly	antolatuan
ordinance	ordenantza
ordinary	arrunt
ordination	koordinazioa
ordnance	ordnance
ore	mea
oregano	oregano
organ	organoa
organic	organikoa
organism	organismo
organist	organista
organization	antolakuntza
organize	antolatzeko
organized	antolatu
organizer	antolatzaile
orgasm	orgasm
orgies	orgies
orgy	orgia
orient	orient
oriental	ekialdeko
orientation	orientazio
orifice	zulo
origami	papiroflexia
origin	jatorri
original	jatorrizko
originality	originaltasuna
originate	jatorria
origination	origination
originator	jatorrizko
ornament	apaingarri
ornamental	apaingarri
ornamentation	apaindura
ornamented	apaindua
ornate	ornate
ornery	ornery
orphan	umezurtz
orphanage	umezurztegi
orphaned	umezurtz
orthodontist	orthodontist
orthodox	ortodoxoen
orthodoxy	orthodoxy
orthogonal	ortogonalak
orthopedic	ortopedikoak
oscillate	oszilatu
oscillating	oszilatzen
oscillation	oszilazio
oscillatory	oscillatory
ostensible	ostensible
ostensibly	itxuraz
ostentatious	ostentatious
ostracized	ostracized
ostrich	ostruka
other	beste
otter	igaraba
otto	otto
ottoman	otomandar
ought	beharko luke
ounce	ontzako
oust	oust
outage	outage
outback	desertua
outbid	outbid
outboard	Outboard
outbreak	agerraldia
outburst	outburst
outcast	baztertutako
outcome	emaitza
outcry	outcry
outdated	zaharkitu
outdo	outdo
outdoor	kanporako
outdoors	aire librean
outer	kanpoaldeko
outfit	jantzi
outgoing	irteerako
outgrow	outgrow
outgrowth	outgrowth
outhouse	outhouse
outing	txangoa
outlandish	outlandish
outlast	Outlast
outlaw	Outlaw
outlet	outlet
outline	eskema
outlines	eskemak
outlive	outlive
outlook	aurreikuspenak
outlying	kanpoaldeko
outnumber	gehiago ditu
outpatient	anbulatorioan
outpost	galdu
outpouring	outpouring
output	irteera
outrage	atentatu
outraged	haserretu
outrageous	outrageous
outrank	outrank
outreach	dibulgazio
outright	outright
outrun	outrun
outset	hasieratik
outsider	kanpotar
outskirts	kanpoaldean
outsmart	outsmart
outspoken	latzak
outstanding	bikaina
outstretched	luzatuta
outward	kanpora
outwards	kanpora
outweigh	outweigh
outwit	birrindu
oval	obalo
ovary	Obulutegiko
ovate	ovate
ovation	txaloaldiak
oven	labea
overactive	overactive
overall	orokorra
overalls	globalizazioaren
overbearing	aldebatera
overburden	gainzamatu
overcast	estalia
overcharged	overcharged
overcoat	berokia
overcome	gainditzeko
overcoming	gainditzeko
overcrowded	gainezka
overdo	overdo
overdose	gaindosi
overdrive	overdrive
overdue	atzeratutako
overestimate	overestimate
overestimated	larretsita
overflow	gainezkatzea
overflowing	gainezka
overgrown	overgrown
overgrowth	overgrowth
overhanging	overhanging
overhaul	berritzea
overhead	Buruak
overhear	overhear
overheated	overheated
overjoyed	overjoyed
overkill	Overkill
overlaid	urrezko
overlap	gainjartzea
overlapping	bata bestearen gainean
overlay	overlay
overload	gainkarga
overlook	ahaztu
overlord	overlord
overlying	overlying
overpaid	denaren gainetik
overpass	pasabide
overplayed	overplayed
overpower	dominatu
overpowering	overpowering
overpriced	overpriced
overprotective	overprotective
overrated	overrated
overreact	overreact
override	override
overriding	gainidazteko
overrule	overrule
overrun	inbaditu
oversee	gainbegiratzen
overseer	overseer
overshadow	ilundu
oversight	gainbegiratze
oversized	oversized
overslept	overslept
overstate	overstate
overstock	overstock
overt	ageriko
overtake	aurreratu
overtaken	gainditu egin
overthemoon	NO TRANSLATION
overthinker	overthinker
overthinking	gehiegi pentsatzen
overthrow	Derrocar
overtime	aparteko orduak
overtired	overtired
overture	obertura
overturn	overturn
overview	ikuspegi orokorra
overweight	Gehiegizko pisua
overwhelm	izaten
overwhelmed	itotzea
overwhelming	jasanezinak
overworked	overworked
overwrought	overwrought
overzealous	overzealous
owe	zor
owing	dietelako
owl	hontza
owner	jabea
ownership	titulartasuna
ox	idi
oxidation	oxidazio
oxide	oxidoa
oxygen	oxigeno
oxymoron	oxymoron
oyster	ostra
ozone	ozono
pace	erritmoa
pacemaker	pacemaker
pacific	baketsu
pacified	baretu
pacifier	pacifier
pacifist	bakezale
pacify	bakegintza
pacing	pacing
pack	pack
package	pakete
packaging	bilgarri
packer	packer
packet	pakete
pact	ituna
pad	pad
padded	betea
padding	padding
paddle	padel
paddle boat	paddle boat
paddock	paddock
paddy	Paddy
padlock	giltzarrapo
padre	NO TRANSLATION
paean	paean
pagan	pagan
paganism	paganism
page	orri
pageant	pageant
pager	pager
pagination	orrikatzea
paging	orrikatze
pagoda	pagoda
pail	pail
pain	mina
pained	pained
painful	mingarria
painfully	painfully
painkiller	painkiller
painless	minik gabeko
pains	minak
painstaking	ondo
paint	margotzeko
paintball	paintball
paintbrush	pintzelaren
painted	margotu
painter	margolari
painting	margolaritza
pair	bikotea
paisley	Paisley
pajama	pajama
pajamas	pijama
pal	pal
palace	jauregia
palatable	atsegina
palate	Ahoan
pale	hitsa
paleontology	paleontologia
palette	paleta
pall	pall
palladium	Gabiltza
pallet	palet
palliative	aringarriak
palm	palm
palmer	palmer
palomino	Palomino
palpable	palpable
palpitations	palpitations
palsy	perlesia
paltry	paltry
pamper	pamper
pamphlet	panfleto
pan	pan
panacea	panazea
panache	panache
pancake	pancake
pancakes	krepe
pancreas	pankrea
panda	panda
pandemic	pandemia
pandemonium	Pandemonium
pane	panela
panel	panel
pang	NO TRANSLATION
panhandle	PANHANDLE
panic	izu
panicattack	NO TRANSLATION
panicked	panicked
panicking	panicking
panicky	panicky
panier	NO TRANSLATION
panorama	panorama
panoramic	panoramiko
pansy	pansy
pant	pant
pantheon	panteoi
panther	pantera
panties	kulero
pantomime	pantomima
pantry	Jakitegia
pants	prakak
panty	panty
pantyhose	pantyhose
pap	pap
papa	papa
papacy	papacy
papal	NO TRANSLATION
papaya	papaya
paper	paper
paperback	arrunta
paperboy	Paperboy
paperweight	paperweight
paperwork	tramiteak
paprika	piperrauts
papyrus	papyrus
par	NO TRANSLATION
parable	parabola
parabola	parabola
parabolic	parabolikoak
parachute	parachute
parade	kalejira
paradigm	paradigma
paradise	paradise
paradox	paradoxa
paradoxical	paradoxikoa
paraffin	parafina
paragon	Paragon
paragraph	paragrafoan
parakeet	parakeet
paralegal	paralegal
parallax	parallax
parallel	paraleloa
parallelism	paralelismo
paralysis	paralisi
paralyze	geldiaraztea
paralyzed	geldiarazi
paramedic	paramedic
paramedics	paramedics
paramilitary	paramilitarren
paramount	funtsezkoa
paranoia	paranoia
paranoid	paranoid
paranormal	paranormal
parapet	parapeto
paraphernalia	parafernalia
paraphrase	parafraseatuz
paraplegic	paraplegikoa
parasite	bizkarroi
parasitic	parasitarioak
parasol	eguzkitako
parcel	partzelaren
parcels	paketeak
parched	parched
parchment	pergamino
pardon	barkamena
pare	NO TRANSLATION
parenchyma	parenchyma
parent	guraso
parentage	jatorria
parental	gurasoen
parenthesis	NO TRANSLATION
parenthetical	Parentesi
parenthood	gurasoen
parenting	guraso
pariah	paria
parietal	parietal
paring	paring
parish	parrokia
parity	parekotasuna
park	park
parka	parka
parking	aparkaleku
parkinsons	Parkinsons
parlance	hizkeran
parlay	parlay
parliament	parlamentua
parliamentary	parlamentario
parlor	saloi
parmesan	parmesano
parody	parodia
parole	baldintzapeko askatasuna
parquet	Parket
parrot	Loro
parry	uztaila
parse	analizatu
parsimonious	parsimonious
parsimony	parsimony
parsley	perrexila
parson	Parson
part	parte
partake	partake
partial	partzial
partiality	eztuala
partially	partzialki
participant	Parte-hartzaile
participate	parte hartzeko
participation	parte-hartze
particle	partikula
particular	bereziki
particularity	berezitasun
particulars	partikularrak
parting	parting
partisan	alderdien
partisanship	alderdikeriak
partition	partizioaren
partly	partzialki
partner	bazkide
partnership	lankidetza
partridge	eperra
parts	piezak
party	festa
pas	NO TRANSLATION
pass	pasatzen
passable	eskasa
passage	pasabidea
passageway	pasabide
passe	NO TRANSLATION
passenger	bidaiari
passim	NO TRANSLATION
passing	joana
passion	grina
passionate	sutsua
passive	pasiboa
passivity	pasibotasuna
passkey	pasahitza
passport	pasaportea
password	pasahitza
past	iragana
pasta	pasta
paste	itsatsi
pastel	pastel
pastime	zaletasun
pastor	pastor
pastrami	pastrami
pastry	pastel
pasture	larre
pasty	pasty
pat	pat
patch	adabaki
patchwork	patchwork
pate	pate
patella	patella
patent	patente
patented	patentatutako
paternal	aitaren
paternity	aitatasunaren
path	bidea
pathetic	patetikoa
pathological	patologikoa
pathologist	Pathologist
pathology	patologia
pathos	NO TRANSLATION
pathway	bide
patience	pazientzia
patient	Pazientzia
patio	patioa
patriarch	patriarka
patriarchal	patriarkal
patrimony	ondare
patriot	abertzale
patriotic	abertzaleek
patriotism	abertzaletasuna
patrol	patrol
patrolman	patrolman
patron	zaindari
patronage	mezenasgoa
patronising	paternalista
patronize	bezero
patronizing	paternalista
patter	patter
pattern	eredua
paucity	paucity
pauper	pauper
pause	pausatu
pave	laguntzeko
pavement	espaloi
pavilion	pabiloi
paving	zoladura
paw	paw
pawn	peoia
pawnshop	pawnshop
pax	pax
pay	ordaindu
payable	ordaindu beharreko
payback	modua
paycheck	paycheck
payday	payday
payer	payer
payload	karga
payment	ordainketa
payoff	payoff
payout	payout
payphone	payphone
payroll	nominak
pea	pea
peace	bakea
peaceable	baketsuak
peaceful	baketsu
peacefully	baketsuan
peacekeeper	Peacekeeper
peaceofmind	NO TRANSLATION
peacetime	Bake garaian
peach	peach
peachy	peachy
peacock	peacock
peak	gailurra
peaked	peaked
peanut	kakahuete
peanuts	kakahueteak
pear	madari
pearl	perla
pearly	pearly
peas	ilarrak
peasant	baserritar
peat	zohikatz
pebble	harribil
pecan	pecan
peck	Peck
pecker	pecker
peculiar	bitxia
peculiarities	berezitasunak
peculiarity	berezitasun
peculiarly	bereziki
pecuniary	diru
pedal	pedal
pedantic	pedantic
peddle	peddle
peddler	peddler
pedestal	idulki
pedestrian	oinezkoentzako
pediatric	pediatriako
pediatrician	pediatra
pediatrics	Pediatria
pedicure	pedikura
pedigree	pedigr√≠
pedometer	pedometer
pedophile	pedophile
pee	pixa
peek	begiratu
peekaboo	ohi Boo
peel	zuritu
peep	peep
peeper	peeper
peephole	peephole
peer	peer
peering	begira
peerless	peerless
peeved	peeved
peg	peg
pegs	zorrozkiloa
peice	NO TRANSLATION
pelagic	pelagikoak
pelican	pelican
pellet	Pelletan
pelvic	pelvic
pelvis	pelbisa
pen	pen
penal	zigor
penalty	zigorra
penance	penitentzia
penchant	joera
pencil	arkatza
pendant	zintzilikario
pendency	pendency
pendent	NO TRANSLATION
pending	zain
pendulum	pendulua
penetrate	barneratu
penetrating	sarkorra
penetration	sartze
penguin	pinguino
penicillin	penizilina
penile	penile
peninsula	penintsulako
penis	zakila
penitent	penitentea
penitentiary	espetxe
penmanship	penmanship
pennant	banderatxo
penniless	penniless
penny	zentimo
pension	pentsio
pensioner	pentsioduna
pensive	pentsakor
pentagon	pentagono
pentagram	pentagram
penthouse	Penthouse
penultimate	azkenaurreko
people	jende
peopled	peopled
pep	pep
pepper	piper
peppermint	peppermint
pepperoni	pepperoni
peppy	peppy
peptic	peptikoak
peptide	peptido
perceive	hautematen
percent	ehuneko
percentage	Ehuneko
percentile	pertzentila
perceptible	antzeman
perception	pertzepzioa
perceptive	pertzepzio
perch	perch
perchance	perchance
percolation	percolation
percussion	perkusioa
perdition	perdition
peremptory	peremptory
perennial	iraunkorrak
perfect	perfektua
perfection	perfekzioa
perfectionist	perfekzionista
perfecto	NO TRANSLATION
perforated	zulatua
perforation	zulo
perforce	Perforce
perform	egiteko
performance	errendimendu
performer	interprete
perfume	perfume
perfumed	perfumada
peri	peri
peridot	peridota
peril	arrisku
perilous	perilous
perimeter	perimetroa
period	aldian
periodic	aldizkako
periodical	aldizkako
periodically	aldiro
periodicity	aldizkakotasun
peripheral	periferiko
periphery	periferia
periscope	Periscopio
perish	hilko
perishable	galkorrak
perished	hil
perishing	hiltzen
perjury	perjury
perk	perk
perky	perky
perm	Perm
permanence	iraunkortasuna
permanent	iraunkorra
permeable	iragazkorra
permeate	permeate
permeation	permeation
permissible	zilegi
permission	baimena
permissive	permisiboa
permit	Baimen
permitted	onartzen
permitting	ahalbidetuko
permutation	permutazio
pernicious	kaltegarri
peroxide	peroxidoaren
perpendicular	perpendikularra
perpetrate	perpetrate
perpetrator	perpetrator
perpetual	betiereko
perpetually	etengabe
perpetuate	betikotu
perpetuation	betikotzeko
perpetuity	betiko
perplexed	harrituta
perplexing	perplexing
perplexity	nahasita
persecute	erasoka
persecution	jazarpena
perseverance	iraunkortasuna
persevere	persevere
persist	diraute
persistence	iraunkortasuna
persistent	iraunkor
persisting	jarraitzen
person	pertsona
persona	NO TRANSLATION
personable	personable
personage	pertsonaia
personal	pertsonala
personality	nortasuna
personification	pertsonifikazioa
personnel	langileen
persons	pertsona
perspective	ikuspegitik
perspiration	izerdia
persuade	konbentzitzea
persuasion	Pertsuasioa
persuasive	limurtzaile
pert	PERT
pertinent	pertinent
perturbation	perturbazio
pertussis	pertussis
perusal	marrazki
peruse	irakurri
pervading	pervading
perverse	gaizto
perversion	perbertsio
pervert	pervert
perverted	perverted
pesky	pesky
pessimism	ezkortasuna
pessimist	pesimista
pessimistic	ezkor
pest	izurriteen
pester	pester
pestilence	izurritea
pestle	pestle
pesto	pesto
pet	maskota
petal	petal
petite	petite
petition	eskaera
petitioner	eskatzailea
petloss	NO TRANSLATION
petpeeve	NO TRANSLATION
petrified	harri bihurtutako
petrify	harritzen
petrol	gasolina
petroleum	petrolioaren
petticoat	azpiko gona
petting	Inor
petty	Petty
petulant	petulant
petunia	petunia
pew	pew
pewter	pewter
peyote	NO TRANSLATION
phalanx	Falange
phantom	phantom
pharaoh	faraoia
pharmaceutical	farmazia-
pharmacist	Botikari
pharmacology	farmakologia
pharmacy	farmazia
phase	fasea
pheasant	faisaia
phenomenal	Phenomenal
phenomenon	fenomeno
pheromone	pheromone
phew	Phew
phi	phi
philanthropic	filantropiko
philanthropist	filantropo
philanthropy	filantropia
philistine	burges
philosopher	filosofo
philosophic	filosofikoa
philosophical	filosofikoak
philosophy	filosofia
phlegm	Flem
pho	Pho
phobia	fobia
phoenix	phoenix
phone	mugikorra
phonetic	fonetika
phonetics	fonetika
phonics	phonics
phonograph	fonografoa
phonology	fonologia
phony	phony
phooey	Phooey
phosphate	fosfato
phosphor	phosphor
phosphorus	fosforo
photo	Argazkia
photogenic	photogenic
photograph	Argazkian
photographer	argazkilari
photographic	argazki
photography	argazkilaritza
photometry	photometry
photon	fotoi
phrase	Esaldi
phraseology	fraseologia
phylogeny	filogenia
physical	fisikoak
physical therapist	terapeuta fisikoa
physician	medikuak
physicist	fisikari
physics	fisika
physiological	fisiologiko
physiology	fisiologia
physique	gorpuzkera
pi	pi
pianist	pianista
piano	piano
piazza	enparantzan
piccolo	NO TRANSLATION
pick	jaso
picked	bildu
picker	hautatzailea
picket	pikete
picketing	picketing
pickle	pickle
pickled	bila
pickpocket	pickpocket
pickup	jaso
picky	hautakorra
picnic	piknik
pictorial	pintura-
picture	irudi
pictures	pictures
picturesque	picturesque
pie	tarta
piece	pieza
piecemeal	piecemeal
pieceofshit	pieceofshit
pied	pied
pier	muelle
pierce	zulatu
piety	Piedad
pig	txerri
pigeon	uso
piggy	piggy
piggyback	piggyback
pigheaded	pigheaded
piglet	txerri
pigment	pigmentua
pigskin	pigskin
pigsty	pigsty
pike	pike
pile	pila
piles	pila
pileup	pileup
pilgrim	erromes
pilgrimage	erromeria
pill	pilula
pillage	lapurretak
pillar	zutabe
pillbox	pillbox
pillow	buruko
pillowcase	pillowcase
pilot	pilotu
pimp	pimp
pimple	pimple
pin	pin
pinball	pinball
pinch	Tira
pinching	Puchol
pine	pinua
pineapple	anana
ping	ping
pinhead	pinhead
pinhole	pinhole
pinion	pinion
pink	arrosa
pinkie	pinkie
pinnacle	Pinnacle
pinot	Pinot
pinpoint	apuntatzeko
pint	pinta
pinto	pinto
pinup	finkatu
pioneer	aitzindaria
pious	jainkozale
pip	PIP
pipe	kanalizazio
piped	hari
pipeline	gasbide
piper	piper
pipette	Pipeta
piping	hoditeria
pipsqueak	pipsqueak
pique	Pique
piracy	pirateriaren
piranha	pira√±a
pirate	pirata
piscina	NO TRANSLATION
piss	piss
pissed	pissed
pissedoff	nazkatuta
pisser	NO TRANSLATION
pissesmeoff	pissesmeoff
pissingmeoff	pissingmeoff
pissoff	pissoff
pistachio	Pistatxo
pistol	pistola
piston	pistoi
pit	Zulo
pita	pita
pitch	zelaia
pitcher	pitcher
pitchfork	pitchfork
pitfall	pitfall
pith	pith
pithy	pithy
pitiful	pitiful
pitted	pitted
pitter	pitter
pituitary	pituitary
pity	pena
pivot	pibota
pivotal	pivotal
pix	pix
pixie	Pixie
pizza	pizza
pizzazz	pizzazz
pizzeria	pizzeria
placard	pankarta
place	leku
placebo	placebo
placement	Kokapen
placenta	placenta
placid	placid
placket	placket
plagiarism	plagioa
plague	izurria
plaid	Plaid
plain	arrunta
plainclothes	plainclothes
plaintiff	plaintiff
plaintive	negarti
plan	plan
plane	hegazkina
planes	hegazkinak
planet	planeta
planetarium	planetarioa
planetary	planeten
planets	planetak
plank	Plank
plankton	plankton
planned	aurreikusita
planner	antolatzailearen
planning	plangintza
plant	landare
plantation	landaketa
planter	planter
planting	landaketa
plaque	plaka
plasma	plasma
plaster	igeltsuzko
plastic	plastikozko
plasticity	plastikotasuna
plat	plat
plate	plaka
plateau	plateau
plated	xafla
platform	plataforma
plating	ionikoa
platinum	platinozko
platonic	platonic
platoon	Judizmendi
platter	platter
plaudit	NO TRANSLATION
plausibility	plausibility
plausible	sinesgarri
play	jolastu
playa	playa
playback	erreprodukzioa
playbook	playbook
playboy	playboy
player	jokalari
playful	ludikoak
playground	jolastokia
playhouse	etxetxoa
playmate	playmate
playoff	playoff
playpen	playpen
playroom	ludoteka
plaything	plaything
playtime	playtime
playwright	dramaturgo
plaza	plaza
plea	erregu
plead	plead
pleasant	atsegina
pleased	pozik
pleasing	atsegina
pleasurable	dibertigarriagoa
pleasure	plazerra
pleasures	plazerak
pleat	pleat
pleated	pleated
pledge	konpromisoa
pledged	konpromisoa hartu zuten
plenary	Osoko
plentiful	ugaria
plenty	ugari
plenum	Osoko Bilkura
plethora	handiak
plexus	Plexus
pliable	pliable
plication	plication
pliers	aliketak
plight	egoera latza
plinth	zokaloaren
plodding	plodding
plop	plop
plot	Lur-
plough	golde
ploughed	plowed
plover	txirri
plow	golde
plowed	plowed
plowing	plowing
ploy	ploy
pluck	pluck
plucky	plucky
plug	plug
plum	Inhar
plumage	luma
plumb	plumb
plumber	Algortako
plumbing	iturgintza
plume	izengoitia
plummet	plummet
plump	plump
plumper	plumper
plunder	espoliazioa
plunge	zaitez
plunger	libragailua
plural	plurala
plurality	pluraltasuna
plush	plush
plutonium	Plutonio
ply	geruzako
plywood	PLYWOOD
pneumatic	pneumatikoa
pneumonia	pneumonia
poacher	poacher
poachers	poachers
poaching	ezkutuko ehiza
pocket	poltsikoan
pocketbook	pocketbook
pocketful	patrika
pod	NO TRANSLATION
podium	podium
poem	poema
poems	poemak
poet	poeta
poetic	poetiko
poetical	poetikoa
poetics	poetika
poetry	poesia
pogo	pogo
poignant	poignant
point	puntu
pointedly	pointedly
pointer	erakuslea
pointless	pointless
pointy	pointy
poise	poise
poison	pozoia
poisoned	pozoitu
poisoning	intoxikazioak
poisonous	pozoitsu
poke	Poke
poker	poker
pokes	pokes
polar	polar
polarity	polaritate
pole	pole
polemic	polemika
police	poliziaren
police officer	polizia
policeman	Udaltzain
policewoman	polizia
policy	politika
polio	polio
polish	polish
polished	leundutako
polite	adeitsu
politeness	gizalegea
politic	politikoa
political	politikoa
politician	politikari
politics	politika
polity	politika
polka	polka
poll	inkesta
pollen	polenari
polling	hauteslekuak
pollute	kutsatzen
pollution	kutsadura
polo	polo
poltergeist	poltergeist
polyester	poliester
polygamy	polygamy
polygon	poligonoa
polygonal	poligonala
polygraph	polygraph
polymer	polimeroa
polymorphism	polymorphism
pomp	ospe
pompous	Pomposo
poncho	Poncho
pond	putzua
ponder	hausnartzera
ponderous	ponderous
pong	pong
pontiff	pontiff
pontificate	pontificate
pontoon	pontoi
pony	zaldia
ponytail	ponytail
pooch	pooch
poodle	poodle
poof	poof
pool	igerilekua
poop	Pedriza
poor	pobrea
poorly	gaizki
pop	pop
popcorn	krispetak
pope	Aita Santuak
popper	Popper
poppy	Poppy
poppycock	poppycock
popsicle	popsicle
popular	herri-
popularity	ospea
popularized	ezagun
population	populazio
populous	jendetsuena
porcelain	portzelana
porch	arkupe
porcupine	arantzurdea
pore	poro
pork	txerri
porker	Porker
porky	Porky
porn	pornoa
porno	porno
pornographic	pornografikoa
pornography	pornografia
porosity	porositate
porous	porotsuak
porridge	porridge
port	portu
portable	eramangarri
portage	portage
portal	ataria
porter	atezain
porterhouse	porterhouse
portfolio	zorroa
porthole	porthole
portico	arkupe
portion	zatia
portrait	erretratu
portraiture	erretratu
portray	erretratatzen
pose	pose
poser	NO TRANSLATION
posh	posh
posited	posited
position	posizio
positioning	kokatzea
positive	positiboa
positiveenergy	NO TRANSLATION
positively	positiboki
positivity	positivity
posse	posse
possess	edukitzeko
possessed	jabetu
possessing	edukitzea
possession	jabetza
possessive	possessive
possessor	possessor
possibility	aukera
possible	posible
possibly	seguru
possum	possum
post	post
postage	frankeoa
postal	posta
postcard	posta-txartel
poster	poster
posterior	posterior
posterity	posteridad
posthumous	hil osteko
postman	postari
postmortem	postmortem
postpone	atzeratzeko
postponed	atzeratu
postponement	atzeratzeko
postscript	postscript
postulate	postulatu
posture	postura
pot	pot
potable	edateko
potassium	potasio
potato	patata
potatoes	patatak
potency	potentzia
potent	indartsu
potential	potentzial
pothead	pothead
pothole	pothole
potion	edabe
potluck	potluck
potpourri	potpourri
potted	potted
potter	ontzigile
pottery	buztingintza
potty	Pixontzia
pouch	pouch
poultry	hegazti
pounce	pounce
pound	libra
pounding	pounding
pour	NO TRANSLATION
pout	pout
pouting	pouting
pouty	pouty
poverty	pobreziaren
pow	pow
powder	hauts
powdered	hautsa
powdery	powdery
power	power
powerful	indartsua
powerfully	potentziaz
powerhouse	POWERHOUSE
powerless	powerless
powwow	Powwow
pox	pox
practicable	egingarria
practical	praktikoa
practically	ia
practice	praktika
practiced	praktikatzen
practise	praktika
practitioner	Profesionalak
pragmatic	pragmatiko
prairie	prairie
praise	laudorio
praised	goraipatu
praisegod	NO TRANSLATION
praisejesus	NO TRANSLATION
praises	goraipatzen
praiseworthy	goraipatzeko
praising	goraipatzearen
prance	prance
prank	prank
prawn	ganba
praxis	praxis
pray	otoitz
prayer	otoitza
prayforme	prayforme
praying	otoitzean
praying mantis	Mantis otoitzean
preach	predica
preacher	predikari
preaching	hots eginez
preamble	hitzaurrean
precarious	prekarioak
precaution	neurri
precautionary	kautelazko
precede	aurretik
precedence	lehentasuna
precedent	aurrekari
preceding	aurreko
precept	manua
preceptor	preceptor
precession	prezesioa
precinct	barruti
precincts	bideak
precious	preziatu
precipice	amildegi
precipitate	hauspeatu
precipitation	prezipitazio
precipitous	precipitous
precise	zehatza
precisely	hain zuzen
precision	zehaztasun
preclude	basatia
precocious	goiztiar
precursor	aitzindaria
predator	harrapari
predatory	harraparia
predecessor	aurrekoak
predicament	predicament
predicate	predikatu
predict	aurreikusteko
predictable	aurreikus
predicting	aurreikustea
prediction	iragarpen
predictive	iragarlea
predictor	predictor
predilection	sorrarazten
predispose	predispose
predisposed	joera
predisposition	joera
predominance	nagusitasunarekin
predominant	nagusi
predominate	nagusi
preeminent	preeminent
preemption	preemption
preemptive	preemptive
preface	hitzaurrean
prefect	prefetak
prefer	Nahiago
preferable	hobe
preference	lehentasun
preferential	lehentasunezko
prefix	aurrizki
pregnancy	haurdunaldia
pregnant	haurdun
prehistoric	historiaurreko
prejudice	kalterik
prejudiced	trabarik
prejudicial	kaltegarria
prelim	prelim
preliminary	aurretiazko
prelude	atarikoa
premarital	premarital
premature	goiztiarra
prematurely	behar baino lehenago
premed	premed
premeditated	premeditated
premier	ataria
premiere	estreinaldia
premise	premisa
premises	Premisa
premium	premium
premonition	Premonition
prenatal	prenatal
prenuptial	prenuptial
preoccupation	kezka
preoccupied	preoccupied
prep	prep
preparation	prestaketa
preparatory	prestatzeko
prepare	prestatu
prepared	prestatu
preparedness	prestatze
preparer	prestatzailearen
preparing	prestatzen
preponderance	nagusitasun
preposterous	preposterous
preppy	preppy
prerequisite	aurrebaldintza
prerogative	prerogative
preschool	eskolaurreko
prescient	prescient
prescribe	prescribe
prescribed	agindutako
prescription	errezeta
prescriptive	preskriptibitate
presence	presentzia
present	gaur
presentable	presentable
presentation	Aurkezpen
presenter	aurkezle
presentment	presentment
presents	opariak
preservation	kontserbazio
preservative	kontserbatzaile
preserve	zaintzeko
preserved	kontserbatuta
preserving	mantentzea
preside	buru
presidency	lehendakaritza
president	lehendakari
presidential	presidentetzarako
press	prentsa
pressing	presionatzeko
pressure	presio
prestige	prestigioa
prestigious	ospetsuetan
presto	Presto
presume	presume
presumption	presuntzioa
presumptive	presumptive
presumptuous	presumptuous
presuppose	aurresuposatzen
pretend	itxurak
pretended	bestela itxura
pretender	Pretender
pretending	itxurak
pretense	asmorik
pretensions	asmo
pretentious	pretentious
pretext	aitzakia
pretty	nahiko
pretzel	pretzel
prevail	nagusituko
prevailing	indarrean dagoen
prevalence	nagusitasuna
prevalent	nagusi
prevent	saihesteko
preventative	prebentzio
prevention	prebentzioa
preventive	prebentziozko
preview	Aurreikuspen
previous	aurreko
previously	Aurretik
prey	harrapariak
price	prezioa
priceless	preziorik
pricey	pricey
prick	prick
prickly	prickly
pride	harrotasuna
priest	apaiz
priestess	apaiz
priesthood	apaizgoa
priestly	apaiz-
prig	prig
prim	prim
prima	NO TRANSLATION
primacy	lehentasuna
primal	Primal
primary	lehen
primate	primate
primates	primates
prime	prime
primed	primed
primer	primer
primeval	primeval
priming	priming
primitive	primitibo
primordial	funtsezko
primrose	primrose
prince	printze
princely	printze
princess	printzesa
principal	nagusia
principally	nagusiki
principle	printzipioz
principles	printzipioak
print	inprimatu
printer	inprimagailu
printing	inprimatzeko
printout	inprimatu
prior	aurretiko
prioritize	lehentasuna
priority	lehentasuna
priory	priory
prism	prisma
prismatic	prismatiko
prison	kartzela
prisoner	preso
prissy	prissy
pristine	pristine
privacy	pribatutasun
private	pribatuak
privately	pribatuan
privilege	pribilegioa
privileged	pribilegiatu
privy	privy
prize	saria
prized	preziatua
pro	pro
proactive	proaktiboa
probability	probabilitate
probable	probable
probate	Teilatu
probation	zentzagarriko
probationary	praktiketako
probative	frogagarria
probe	zunda
probing	probak
probity	prestutasuna
problem	arazoa
problematic	problematikoa
procedural	prozedura-
procedure	prozedura
proceed	jarraitu
proceeding	Aurrera
proceeds	hasten
process	prozesua
processing	prozesatzeko
procession	prozesioa
processor	prozesadorea
proclaim	aldarrikatzen
proclamation	aldarrikapena
procrastinate	procrastinate
procrastination	procrastination
procreate	ugaltzeko
procreation	procreation
proctologist	proctologist
proctor	PROCTOR
procure	kontratazio
procurement	kontratazio
prod	prod
prodigal	joandako
prodigious	miragarri
prodigy	mirari
produce	ekoizteko
produced	ekoiztu
producer	Ekoizle
producing	ekoizten
product	Produktu
production	produkzio
productive	produktiboa
productivity	produktibitatea
profane	profanoak
profanity	itsusiak
profess	Profess√©es
profession	lanbidea
professional	profesionala
professionalism	profesionaltasuna
professor	irakasle
professorship	katedra
proficiency	gaitasun
proficient	trebea
profile	profila
profiler	profiler
profit	asmorik gabeko
profitable	errentagarria
profound	sakona
profuse	ederrekin
profusion	ugari
prog	prog
progenitor	progenitor
progeny	progeny
prognosis	pronostikoa
prognostic	pronostiko
program	programa
programme	programa
programmer	programatzaile
programming	programazioa
progress	aurrerapena
progression	progresio
progressive	progresiboa
prohibit	debekatzen
prohibited	debekatuta
prohibition	debeku
prohibitive	prohibitorio
project	proiektu
projectile	Proyectil
projectiles	projectiles
projecting	proiektatuz
projection	proiekzio
projector	proiektorea
proletarian	proletarioa
proletariat	proletalgoa
prolific	emankorrean
prologue	hitzaurre
prolong	luzatu
prolongation	luzatzea
prolonged	luzea
prom	prom
promenade	pasealeku
prominence	protagonismo
prominent	nabarmenak
prominently	nabarmen
promiscuity	promiskuitatea
promiscuous	nahasian
promise	promesa
promising	itxaropentsua
promissory	zor
promo	promozio
promontory	muino
promote	sustatzeko
promoter	sustatzailea
promotion	sustapena
promotional	promozio
prompt	gonbita
prompting	galdetu
promulgate	promulgate
promulgation	aldarrikatzea
prone	joera
prong	prong
pronounce	bezela
pronounced	nabarmenagoa
pronouncement	pronouncement
pronto	NO TRANSLATION
pronunciation	ahoskera
proof	froga
prop	Prop
propaganda	propaganda
propagate	hedatzeko
propagation	hedapena
propane	propano
propel	Propel
propelled	bultzatu
propeller	helizea
propelling	bultzatzailea
propensity	Cotado
proper	egokia
property	jabetza
prophecy	profezia
prophesy	nire izenean
prophet	profeta
prophetic	prophetic
prophylactic	prophylactic
prophylaxis	profilaxi
proportion	proportzioa
proportional	proportzionala
proportionate	neurrikoak
proportions	proportzio
proposal	proposamen
propose	proposatzen
proposition	Proposizio
proprietary	jabetza-
proprietor	jabeak
proprietorship	proprietorship
propriety	propriety
propulsion	propultsio
prose	prosa
prosecute	epaitu
prosecution	Fiskaltzak
prosecutor	fiskalak
prospect	perspectiva
prospection	azterketa
prospective	prospektiboa
prospectively	prospectively
prospector	urre
prospectus	liburuxka
prosper	aurrera
prosperity	oparotasun
prosperous	oparoa
prostate	prostatako
prosthetic	protesikoa
prostitute	prostituta
prostitution	prostituzioa
prostrate	belaunikatu
protagonist	Protagonista
protect	babestu
protected	babestuta
protecting	babesteko
protection	babes
protective	babes
protector	babesle
protein	proteina
protest	protesta
protestant	protestantea
protocol	protokoloa
proton	protoi
prototype	Prototipoa
protozoa	protozoo
protracted	luze
protrude	irtengo
protrusion	protrusion
proud	harro
prove	frogatu
proven	frogatu
proverb	esaera
proverbial	proverbial
provide	ematen
provided	eskainitako
providence	probidentzia
provider	hornitzailearen
providing	emanez
province	probintzia
provincial	Probintziako
provision	xedapen
provisional	behineko
provisionally	behinekoz
provisions	xedapen
proviso	proviso
provocation	probokazio
provocative	probokatzailea
provoke	eragin
provoked	eragin
provoking	eragitea
provost	probestu
prowess	prowess
prowl	prowl
prowler	prowler
proximal	proximal
proximate	hurbil
proximity	hurbiltasun
proxy	proxy
prude	prude
prudence	zuhurtzia
prudent	zuhur
prune	garbiketa
pruning	inausketa
pry	pry
prying	prying
psalm	salmo
psalms	salmoak
pseudo	sasi
pseudonym	goitizen
psi	psi
psoriasis	psoriasis
psych	psiko
psyche	psikearen
psychedelic	psikodelia
psychiatric	psikiatrikoa
psychiatrist	psikiatra
psychiatry	psikiatria
psychic	psikiko
psychical	psikikoak
psychics	psychics
psycho	psiko
psychoanalysis	psikoanalisia
psychoanalyst	psikoanalista
psychobabble	psychobabble
psychological	psikologikoa
psychologist	psikologo
psychology	Psikologia
psychopath	psikopata
psychopathic	psikopata
psychosis	psikosia
psychosomatic	psikosomatiko
psychotherapy	psikoterapia
psychotic	psikotiko
pterodactyl	pterodactyl
ptsd	ptsd
pub	pub
puberty	nerabezarora
pubes	pubes
pubescent	pubescent
pubic	publikoa
public	publiko
publication	argitalpen
publicist	publizistak
publicity	publizitatea
publicly	publikoki
publicspeaking	NO TRANSLATION
publish	argitaratzeko
published	argitaratuko
publisher	argitaratzaile
publishing	argitalpen
puck	puck
pucker	pucker
pudding	esnea
puddle	putzu
pudgy	pudgy
puff	puff
puffing	puffing
puffy	puffy
pug	pug
puke	puke
pull	tira
pulley	polea
pullover	pullover
pulmonary	biriketako
pulp	mamia
pulpit	pulpitu
pulsar	pulsar
pulsation	taupada
pulse	pultsu
puma	puma
pump	pump
pumped	ponpatzen
pumpkin	kalabaza
pun	NO TRANSLATION
punch	zulatu
punched	ukabilkadak
punching	puntzonatzeko
punchy	punchy
punctual	puntualak
punctuality	puntualtasuna
punctually	garaiz
punctuation	puntuazio
puncture	zulatu
pundit	pundit
pungent	pungent
punish	zigortzeko
punishable	zigortzen
punished	zigortu
punishing	zigortzen
punishment	zigorra
punitive	zigor
punk	punk
punt	punt
puny	puny
pup	pup
pupil	ikaslea
puppet	txotxongilo
puppeteer	titiritero
puppy	puppy
purchase	erosketa
purchaser	erosleak
purchasing	erosketa
pure	purua
purebliss	NO TRANSLATION
puree	purearekin
purely	hutsa
purgatory	Purgatorio
purge	purge
purification	araztegi
purify	arazten
purist	purista
purity	garbitasun
purple	morea
purport	purport
purpose	helburua
purposely	nahita
purr	Purra
purring	purring
purse	poltsan
pursuance	betez
pursue	erdiestea
pursuing	atzetik
pursuit	jazartzeko
purveyor	behartu
purview	purview
pus	pus
push	bultzada
pusher	pusher
pushing	bultzaka
pushover	pushover
pushy	pushy
puss	puss
pussy	pussy
pussycat	Pussycat
put	jarri
putative	putative
putrid	putrid
puts	jartzen
putt	putt
putter	putter
putty	plastilina
puzzle	puzzle
puzzled	puzzled
puzzling	puzzling
pygmy	pygmy
pylon	pylon
pyramid	piramide
pyramidal	piramide
pyrotechnics	piroteknia
python	python
quack	quack
quad	quad
quadrangle	quadrangle
quadrant	koadrantean
quadratic	quadratic
quadrature	quadrature
quadruple	laukoitzak
quadrupole	quadrupole
quagmire	sasian
quail	galeperrak
quaint	quaint
quake	lurrikara
qualifications	tituluak
qualified	sailkatua
qualify	adinekoentzat
qualifying	kanporaketa
qualities	kualitate
quality	kalitatea
quandary	quandary
quantify	zenbatzeko
quantitative	kuantitatiboa
quantitatively	kuantitatiboki
quantity	kantitate
quantum	kuantikoaren
quarantine	koarentenan
quarrel	quarrel
quarry	harrobi
quart	quart
quarter	hiruhileko
quarterback	quarterback
quartered	quartered
quarterly	hiruhileko
quartermaster	Quartermaster
quarters	laurden
quartet	laukotea
quartile	kuartila
quarto	NO TRANSLATION
quartz	kuartzo
quash	quash
quasi	quasi
quaternary	Kuaternarioa
quay	NO TRANSLATION
queasiness	queasiness
queasy	queasy
queen	erregina
queer	queer
quell	quell
quench	quench
query	kontsultaren
quest	bilaketa
question	Galdera
questionable	eztabaidagarri
questioning	zalantzan
questionnaire	galdetegia
queue	ilaran
queues	ilarak
quibble	quibble
quiche	quiche
quick	azkar
quicken	bizkortzeko
quickie	quickie
quickly	azkar
quickness	azkartasuna
quicksand	quicksand
quicksilver	quicksilver
quid	quid
quiescent	quiescent
quiet	lasai
quietly	lasai
quill	quill
quilt	quilt
quince	irasagarra
quinine	kinina
quintet	boskoteak
quirk	bitxikerien
quirky	quirky
quit	irten
quits	irten
quitter	NO TRANSLATION
quiver	Dar-dar
quivering	quivering
quiz	galdetegi
quorum	quorum
quota	kuotaren
quotation	aipu
quote	aurrekontua
quotes	komatxo
quotient	zatidura
rabbi	rabbi
rabbit	untxi
rabble	jendaila
rabid	rabid
rabies	amorruaren
raccoon	raccoon
race	lasterketa
racehorse	racehorse
racer	racer
racetrack	racetrack
racial	arraza
racism	arrazakeria
racist	arrazista
rack	rack
racket	racket
racketeering	racketeering
racking	racking
racquetball	Frontenis
racy	lizuna
radar	radar
radial	erradialak
radiance	radiance
radiant	erradiatzailea
radiate	igorri
radiation	erradiazio
radiator	erradiadorearen
radical	radical
radically	errotik
radio	radio
radioactive	erradioaktiboa
radioactivity	erradioaktibitatea
radiograph	erradiografia
radiography	erradiografia
radiologist	radiologist
radiology	erradiologia
radish	errefautxo
radium	radium
radius	erradioak
radon	radon
raffle	zozketa
raft	baltsa
rag	Trapu
rage	amorrua
ragemode	ragemode
ragetweet	ragetweet
ragged	zarpail
raggedy	raggedy
raging	raging
rags	trapuak
ragtime	ragtime
raid	raid
raider	raider
rail	trenbide
railing	baranda
railroad	trenari
railway	tren
raiment	abillamendua
rain	euri
rainbow	ortzadarra
rainbow trout	ortzadar troiarekin
rainbows	Ostadarra
raincoat	zira
raindrops	Ur
rainfall	prezipitazio
rainforest	oihana
rainmaker	Rainmaker
rainstorm	rainstorm
rainy	euritsua
rainyday	egun euritsua
raise	goratzeko
raised	planteatu
raisin	raisin
raising	biltzeko
rake	rake
rally	rally
ram	RAM
ramble	osteratxo
rambling	rambling
ramp	arrapala
rampage	rampage
rampant	rampant
rampart	harresi
ramrod	ramrod
ranch	ganadutegiko
rancher	rancher
rancid	rancid
random	ausazko
randomly	ausaz
randomness	aleatorioak
randy	randy
range	barruti
ranger	ranger
rank	rank
ranking	sailkapena
ransom	ransom
rant	rant
ranting	ranting
rap	rap
rape	bortxaketa
rapid	azkarrak
rapidity	azkartasuna
rapids	ur
rapist	rapist
rapper	rapper
rapping	rapping
rapport	NO TRANSLATION
rapt	rapt
raptor	Raptor
raptors	harraparien
rapture	rapture
rare	arraroa
rarely	gutxitan
rarity	Bitxikeria
rascal	zital
rash	rash
raspberries	mugurdiak
raspberry	mugurdi
rat	arratoi
ratchet	trinketa
rate	tasa
ratification	berrestea
ratify	berretsi
rating	puntuazioa
ratio	ratio
ration	anoa
rational	arrazionala
rationale	arrazoia
rationalism	arrazionalismoa
rationality	arrazionaltasuna
rationalize	arrazionalizatzeko
rationing	rationing
rattan	rota
rattle	Rattle
rattled	zalapartaka
rattler	Rattler
rattlesnake	rattlesnake
ratty	ratty
raucous	raucous
ravage	ravage
rave	rave
raven	bele
ravenous	ravenous
ravine	amildegi
raving	raving
ravioli	ravioli
ravishing	ravishing
raw	gordinak
rawhide	rawhide
rawr	Rawr
ray	izpien
razor	maquinilla
reach	iristeko
react	erreakzionatzen
reaction	erreakzio
reactionary	erreakzionarioa
reactive	erreaktiboa
reactor	erreaktore
read	irakurri
reader	irakurlea
readership	irakurle
readily	erraz
readiness	jarrera
reading	irakurketa
readjustment	ikutu
readout	irakurri
ready	prest
readytogo	joateko prest
reaffirm	berretsi
reagent	erreaktiboarena
real	benetako
realism	errealismo
realist	errealista
realistic	errealista
reality	errealitate
realization	errealizazioa
realize	konturatzen
realm	besarkatzen
realtor	realtor
realty	Realty
ream	ream
reap	uztarik
reaper	Reaper
reappear	berragertuko
rear	atzeko
rearrange	berrantolatzeko
rearrangement	berrantolaketa
reason	arrazoia
reasonable	arrazoizkoa
reasonableness	arrazoizkotasuna
reasoning	arrazoibide
reasons	arrazoi
reassemble	berregituratu
reassign	berriro ezar
reassignment	reassignment
reassurance	reassurance
reassure	lasaitzea
reassured	lasaitu
reassuring	reassuring
rebate	hobaria
rebel	matxino
rebellion	matxinada
rebellious	errebeldea
rebels	matxinatuen
rebirth	berpiztu
reboot	berrabiarazi
reborn	birsortzen
rebound	rebote
rebuild	berregiten
rebuke	rebuke
rebut	rebut
rebuttal	rebuttal
recalcitrant	temati
recall	abisuaren
recant	recant
recap	laburpena
recapture	berreskuratu
recast	recast
recede	recede
receding	receding
receipt	ordainagiria
receipts	ordainagiri
receive	jaso
received	jaso
receiver	hartzailea
receiving	jaso
recent	azkenaldiko
receptacle	errezeptakulu
reception	harrera
receptionist	Harreragilea
receptive	hartzaileagoa
receptor	hartzaile
recess	recess
recesses	recesses
recession	atzeraldi
recharge	karga
recheck	Berriro egiaztatu
recherche	NO TRANSLATION
recidivism	recidivism
recipe	errezeta
recipient	hartzaileak
reciprocal	elkarrekiko
reciprocate	reciprocate
reciprocity	elkarrekikotasuna
recital	errezitaldia
recitation	errezitatu
recite	errezitatuko
reckless	jokatuz
recklessness	recklessness
reckon	uste
reckoning	Juicio
reclaim	aldarrikatu
reclamation	erreklamazio
recline	etzan
reclining	etzandako
recluse	kartzelaratuak
recognition	onarpen
recognizable	ezagut
recognize	aitortu
recognized	aitortzen
recoil	recoil
recollect	oroitzen
recollection	oroitzapena
recombinant	errekonbinanteak
recombination	birkonbinazio
recommend	gomendatzen
recommendation	gomendio
recompense	recompense
recon	recon
reconcile	adiskidetzea
reconciliation	adiskidetze
reconfigure	birkonfiguratu
reconnaissance	azterketa
reconnect	berriz konektatu
reconsider	birplanteatu
reconsideration	zuinketa
reconstitution	reconstitution
reconstruct	berreraikitzeko
reconstruction	berreraikuntza
reconstructive	konpontzailea
reconvene	reconvene
record	erregistro
recorder	grabagailua
recording	grabazio
recount	kontatuko
recoup	recoup
recourse	baliabiderik
recover	berreskuratu
recoverable	berreskuragarria
recovery	berreskuratze
recreate	birsortzeko
recreation	aisialdirako
recreational	jolas
recruit	kontratatu
recruiter	recruiter
recruiting	kontratatu
recruitment	contrataci√≥n
recruits	kontratazio
rectal	rectal
rectangle	laukizuzen
rectangular	angeluzuzena
rectification	zuzenketa
rectify	zuzentzeko
rector	errektorea
rectory	erretore
rectum	rectum
recumbent	recumbent
recuperation	berreskurapena
recur	errepikatzen
recurrence	errepikapena
recurrent	errepikari
recurring	errepikatutako
recursion	errekurtsio
recursive	errekurtsiboak
recursively	errekurtsiboki
recycle	birziklatu
recycled	birziklatutako
recycling	birziklatze
red	gorria
reddish	gorrixka
redecorate	redecorate
redeem	libratu
redeemed	truke aldatu
redemption	amortizazio
redesign	birdiseinua
redhead	redhead
redheaded	redheaded
redirect	birbideratu
redneck	redneck
redness	redness
redo	berregin
redress	zuzentzeko
reduce	murrizteko
reduced	murriztu
reduction	murrizketa
redundancy	erredundantzia
redundant	erredundanteak
redwood	Redwood
reed	Reed
reef	arrezife
reefer	reefer
reefs	uharriak
reek	reek
reel	bobina
reelection	reelection
reeling	mozkorturik
reenactment	reenactment
reentry	reentry
reestablish	berrezarri
ref	Nahiko
refer	erreferentzia
referee	arbitroak
reference	erreferentzia
referendum	erreferendum
referral	aipamena
refill	Bete
refine	findu
refined	findu
refinement	fintasun
refinery	findegi
refining	finketa
refit	refit
reflect	islatu
reflecting	islatuz
reflection	hausnarketa
reflective	islatzaileak
reflector	REFLECTOR
reflex	erreflexu
reflux	errefluxu
reform	erreforma
reformation	erreforma
reformer	erreformatzaile
refraction	errefrakzioa
refractor	errefraktore
refractory	erregogorrak
refrain	patentea
refraining	refraining
refresh	freskatu
refreshed	freskatu
refreshing	freskagarria
refreshment	refreshment
refrigerate	Hoztu
refrigeration	hozte
refrigerator	hozkailu
refuel	depositoa
refuge	aterpea
refugee	errefuxiatu
refund	itzultzea
refurbish	birgaitu
refusal	ezezkoa
refuse	uko
refused	ukatu
refusing	ukatzen
refutation	errefusapenaren
refute	gezurtatzen
regain	berreskuratu
regal	Regal
regalia	regalia
regard	Zentzu
regatta	estropada
regency	erregeordetza
regenerate	birsortzeko
regeneration	birsorkuntza
regent	erregeorde
reggae	reggae
regime	erregimen
regimen	regimen
regiment	Erregimentuak
regimental	regimental
region	eskualde
regional	regional
regionalism	erregionalismo
register	erregistratu
registrar	erregistratzailea
registration	matrikula
registry	erregistro
regress	regress
regression	erregresio
regressive	atzerakoia
regret	damutuko
regretful	regretful
regrettable	tamalgarria
regretted	deitoratu
regretting	regretting
regroup	bilduko
regular	erregularra
regularity	erregulartasuna
regulars	ohiko
regulate	arautzeko
regulated	arautua
regulation	erregulazio
regulator	arautzaile
regulatory	arauzko
regurgitation	regurgitation
rehab	rehab
rehabilitate	birgaitu
rehabilitation	errehabilitazio
rehash	rehash
rehearsal	entsegu
rehearse	entsaiatzen
reign	errege izaten
reigning	Erregeordearen
reimburse	itzuliko
reimbursement	itzultzea
rein	rein
reincarnation	Berraragitze
reindeer	elur-orein
reinforce	indartzeko
reinforcement	errefortzu
reinforcements	errefortzuak
reins	loturiko
reinstall	berrinstalatu
reinstate	berrezarri
reinstatement	berrezarpena
reinvest	berrinbertituko
reinvestment	berrinbertsioa
reiterate	berretsi
reject	ukatzeko
rejected	baztertu
rejection	gaitzespena
rejects	arbuiatu
rejoice	poztuko
rejoicing	bozkarioz
rejoin	berriro
rejuvenate	gaztetu
rejuvenated	rejuvenated
rekindle	berpiztuko
relapse	berrerortzeen
relate	erlazionatu
related	erlazionatutako
relation	erlazio
relationship	harremana
relative	erlatiboa
relativity	erlatibitatearen
relax	erlaxatu
relaxant	relaxant
relaxation	erlaxazioa
relaxed	lasaia
relaxing	lasaigarri
relay	erreleboan
release	oharra
released	kaleratu
relegation	Jaitsiera
relentless	nekaezinean
relevance	garrantzia
relevancy	garrantzi
relevant	garrantzitsuak
reliability	fidagarritasuna
reliable	fidagarriak
reliance	reliance
relic	erlikia
relics	erlikiak
relief	erliebea
relieve	arintzeko
relieved	irekietan
relieving	arintzeko
relight	relight
religion	erlijioa
religious	erlijio
relinquish	uko
relish	Goza
relive	relive
reload	freskatuz
relocate	lekuz
relocation	lekualdaketa
reluctance	tura
reluctant	badakite
rely	fidatu
remain	geratzen
remainder	gainerako
remaining	gainerako
remains	aztarnak
remake	remake
remand	prebentziozko
remark	komentarioen
remarkable	nabarmenak
remarkably	nabarmen
remarry	ezkontzea
rematch	errebantxa
remedial	zuzentzaileak
remedy	erremedio
remember	gogoratzen
remembered	gogoratu
remembering	gogoratzeko
remembrance	oroitzapena
remind	gogorarazteko
reminder	oroigarria
reminisce	gogoratzeko
reminiscent	gogorarazten
reminiscing	reminiscing
remiss	remiss
remission	remission
remit	tara
remittance	sortak
remnant	aztarna
remodel	eraberrituko
remorse	remorse
remorseful	remorseful
remote	urruneko
remoteness	urruti
removal	kentzea
remove	kendu
remover	Remover
remuneration	ordainsariak
renaissance	berpizkundearen
renal	giltzurrun
rencontre	NO TRANSLATION
rend	NO TRANSLATION
render	errendatu
rendering	errendatze
rendezvous	hitzordu
rendition	interpretazio
renegade	renegade
renegotiate	negoziatzeko
renew	berritzeko
renewal	berritzeko
renounce	uko
renovate	berritzeko
renovated	berritua
renovation	berritzeko
renown	ospe
renowned	entzutetsuak
rent	alokairuan
rental	alokairua
renter	renter
renunciation	uko egitea
reopen	berriro ireki
reorganization	berrantolaketa
reorganize	berrantolatzeko
rep	rep
repaint	repaint
repair	konponketa
repairman	repairman
reparation	ordain
repay	itzuli
repayment	amortizazio
repeal	indargabetzea
repeat	errepikatu
repeated	errepikatzen
repeatedly	behin eta berriz
repeater	errepikagailu
repel	uxatzeko
repellant	repellant
repellent	repellent
repelling	garaituak
repent	damu
repentance	damuturik
repentant	barkamen
repertoire	errepertorioa
repertory	errepertorio
repetition	errepikapena
repetitive	errepikakorra
rephrase	idatz
replace	ordezkatu
replacement	ordezko
replay	deitutako
replenish	berritu
replete	replete
replica	erreplika
replicate	erreplika
replication	erreplika
reply	erantzun
report	txosten
reported	du
reporter	erreportaria
repose	atseden
reposition	tokiz
repository	biltegian
repossess	repossess
reprehensible	gaitzesgarria
represent	ordezkatzen
representation	ordezkaritza
representative	ordezkari
represented	irudikatzen
representing	ordezkari
repress	erreprimitzen
repressed	erreprimitu
repression	errepresio
reprieve	reprieve
reprimand	ohartarazpen
reprint	reimpresi√≥n
reprisal	errepresalia
reprise	reprise
reproach	reproach
reproduce	erreproduzitu
reproduction	ugalketa
reproductive	ugalketa
reprogram	reprogram
reptile	narrasti
republic	errepublika
republican	errepublikar
repudiation	zapuzketa
repugnance	nazka
repugnant	repugnant
repulsion	aldarapen
repulsive	repulsive
repurchase	repurchase
reputable	entzute
reputation	ospe
repute	omenean
reputed	ospetsu
request	eskaera
requiem	requiem
require	eskatzen
required	beharrezkoa
requirement	Eskakizun
requisite	baldintza
requisition	eskakizunak
reread	Berrirakurri
reroute	reroute
rerun	berrabiarazi
reschedule	planifika
rescind	baliorik gabe uzten
rescission	rescission
rescue	erreskate
research	ikerketa
researcher	ikertzailea
resection	erresekzio
resemblance	antzekotasun
resemble	antza
resembling	antza
resent	resent
resentful	saminez
resentment	erresumina
reservation	erreserba
reserve	erreserban
reserved	erreserbatuta
reserves	erreserbak
reservoir	urtegia
reset	berrezarri
reside	bizi
residence	egoitza
residences	egoitzak
residency	bizileku
resident	egoiliar
residential	egoitza-
residual	hondar
residue	hondakina
resign	izendapenerako
resignation	dimisioa
resigned	dimisioa aurkeztu
resilience	erresilientzia
resilient	elastikoak
resin	erretxin
resist	eutsi
resistance	erresistentzia
resistant	erresistenteak
resisting	erresistentzian
resistive	erresistiboak
resolute	erabakior
resolutely	erabakitasunez
resolution	ebazpena
resolve	konpontzeko
resolved	ebatzi
resonance	erresonantzia
resonant	oihartzun
resonate	resonate
resonator	resonator
resort	estazio
resounding	galantak
resource	baliabide
resourceful	resourceful
resources	baliabideak
respect	errespetua
respectability	respectability
respectable	errespetagarria
respected	errespetatu
respectful	errespetuz
respecting	errespetatuta
respective	dagozkien
respects	errespetatu
respiration	arnasketa
respirator	respirator
respiratory	arnas
respite	atsedenik
resplendent	resplendent
respond	erantzuten
respondent	erantzun
response	erantzunik
responsibility	erantzukizun
responsible	arduratsua
responsive	sentikorrena
rest	atsedena
restart	berriro hasi
restaurant	jatetxe
rested	atseden
restful	restful
restitution	lehengoratzea
restless	geldiezin
restlessness	egonezin
restock	restock
restoration	zaharberritze
restorative	restorative
restore	leheneratu
restored	leheneratu
restoring	berrezartzeko
restrain	geldiarazteko
restrained	restrained
restraining	urruntze
restraint	eusteko
restrict	mugatu
restricted	mugatuta
restriction	murrizketa
restrictive	murriztaile
restroom	bainugela
result	emaitza
resultant	ondoriozko
resume	jarraitu
resumption	resumption
resurrect	berpizteko
resurrection	berpizkundea
resuscitate	biziberritzeko
resuscitation	bizkortzea
retail	txikizkako
retailer	dendara
retain	atxikitzen
retainer	retainer
retaining	eusteko
retake	retake
retaliate	retaliate
retaliation	mendeku
retaliatory	retaliatory
retard	retard
retardation	atzerapen
retarded	atzeratua
retards	retards
retention	atxikipena
retentive	retentive
rethink	birplanteatu
reticent	reticent
retina	erretinan
retinal	erretina
retire	erretiroa
retired	erretiratu
retirement	erretiroa
retiring	erretiroa
retold	retold
retort	erantzun
retrace	atzera
retract	atzera botatzeko
retraction	atzera
retractor	BANATZAILEA
retreat	erretiro
retrenchment	retrenchment
retrial	retrial
retribution	ordainsari
retrieval	berreskuratze
retrieve	berreskuratu
retriever	retriever
retro	retro
retroactive	atzeraeraginezko
retrograde	atzerakoi
retrospect	atzera begirako
retrospective	atzera begirako
retrospectively	atzera begira
return	Ordainetan
reunion	bilera
reunite	Katixa
reunited	reunited
rev	rev
reveal	agerian
revel	Revel
revelation	errebelazio
revelations	errebelazio
revels	revels
revenge	mendeku
revenue	diru-sarrera
reverberation	erreberberazio
revere	revere
reverence	begirune
reverend	Reverendissimo
reverent	reverent
reverie	Ametsezko
reversal	atzerakada
reverse	alderantzizko
reversion	reversion
revert	leheneratu
reverting	itzultzen
review	berrikuspena
reviewer	ikuskatzailea
revise	revise
revision	berrikuspena
revisit	berriro
revival	berpizte
revive	berpiztu
revocation	ezeztatzea
revoke	ezeztatu
revolt	matxinada
revolting	revolting
revolution	iraultza
revolutionary	iraultzailea
revolutionize	iraultza
revolve	ardatz
revolver	errebolberra
revolving	biraka
revue	errebista
revulsion	revulsion
revving	revving
reward	Saria
rewarding	aberasgarria
rewind	atzeratzeko
rewire	rewire
rewrite	berridazketa
rhapsody	Rhapsody
rhetoric	erretorika
rhetorical	erretorikoa
rheumatism	erreuma
rhinestone	rhinestone
rhino	rhino
rhinoceros	errinozeronte
rhubarb	rhubarb
rhyme	errima
rhyming	errima
rhythm	rhythm
rhythmic	erritmiko
rhythmical	erritmiko
rib	saiheskia
ribbed	gurutzeria
ribbon	zinta
rice	arroz
rich	aberatsa
riches	aberastasun
richness	aberastasun
rick	rick
rickety	rickety
rickshaw	rickshaw
ricochet	ricochet
rid	kentzeko
riddance	riddance
riddle	enigma
riddled	riddled
ride	paseo
rider	pilotua
ridge	ridge
ridicule	irrigarri
ridiculed	barregarri
ridiculous	barregarria
riding	ibilaldiak
rife	Rife
riff	riff
riffraff	riffraff
rifle	fusil
rifleman	Rifleman
rifles	fusilak
rift	rift
rig	dorre
rigged	lotutako
rigging	rigging
right	eskuineko
righteous	leiala
righteousness	iustiti√°
rightful	kia
rightly	asmatu
righty	righty
rigid	zurrun
rigidity	zurruntasuna
rigor	zorroztasun
rigorous	zorrotz
rim	ertza
rind	azala
ring	eraztuna
ringer	Timbre
ringing	dei-
ringleader	ringleader
ringmaster	ringmaster
ringside	ringside
rink	pista
rinse	uretan
riot	riot
rioting	rioting
riotous	riotous
riots	istiluek
rip	Elgea
riparian	ibaiertzeko
ripe	heldua
ripen	ripen
ripening	heltze
ripper	ripper
ripple	ganbara
rippling	rippling
rise	igoko
rising	goranzko
risk	arriskua
risky	arriskutsua
risotto	risotto
rite	Garatzen
ritual	ritual
ritualistic	errito
rival	rival
rivalry	lehia
river	ibai
riverbank	Ibaiertz
riverbed	uberka
riverboat	riverboat
rivet	errematxea
riveted	errematxatuak
riveting	riveting
roach	Roach
road	errepide
roadblock	konpetentziarik
roadhouse	roadhouse
roadie	roadie
roadrage	NO TRANSLATION
roadrunner	ROADRUNNER
roads	errepideak
roadside	errepideko
roadster	roadster
roadtrip	errepide bidaia
roadway	galtzada
roadworks	errepideko lanak
roam	ibiliko
roar	orroa
roaring	roaring
roast	errea
roasted	erreta
rob	rob
robber	lapurra
robbery	lapurreta
robe	bata
robin	robin
robot	robot
robotic	robotiko
robotics	Robotika
robust	sendoa
roc	roc
rock	rock
rocker	rocker
rocket	suziria
rocks	arroka
rod	kanabera
rodent	rodent
rodeo	jendeari
roe	roe
rogue	granuja
role	rol
roll	roll
roller	roller
rollercoaster	Errusiar mendi
rollers	arrabolen
rollicking	rollicking
rolling	rolling
roman	erromatarra
romance	amodioa
romantic	erromantikoa
romanticism	erromantizismoa
romp	gona
roof	teilatua
rooftop	teilatuan
rook	dorrearen
rookie	rookie
room	gela
roomful	roomful
roommate	gelakide
rooms	gelak
roomy	zabal
roost	roost
rooster	oilarrak
root	erro
root beer	erroko garagardoa
rooted	sustrai
rope	soka
ropes	sokak
rosary	errosario
rose	igo
rosemary	erromero
rosette	erroseta
roster	zerrendari
rosy	baikorra
rot	ustel
rota	rota
rotary	birakaria
rotate	biratu
rotation	biraketa
rote	rote
rotor	errotore
rotten	ustel
rotting	usteltzen
rotunda	errotonda
rouge	rouge
rough	zakarra
roughly	gutxi gorabehera
roughneck	roughneck
roughness	zimurtasuna
roulette	roulette
round	txandan
roundabout	biribilgunean
rounded	biribildu
roundup	borobildu
rouse	Rouse
rouser	Rouser
rousing	rousing
rout	rout
route	ibilbidea
routine	errutina
rove	rove
rover	rover
roving	roving
row	ilara
rowboat	rowboat
rowdy	rowdy
rowing	Arraunean
royal	errege
royalty	royalty
rub	igurtzi
rubber	gomazko
rubbers	kautxu
rubbing	igurzten
rubbish	zaborra
rubble	hondakinen
rubdown	rubdown
rubric	rubric
ruby	ruby
ruckus	ruckus
rudder	lema
ruddy	ruddy
rude	zakar
rudeness	rudeness
rudimentary	baldarra
rudiments	oinarriak
rue	rue
rueful	rueful
ruff	Ruff
ruffian	ruffian
ruffle	ruffle
rug	rug
rugby	rugby
rugged	malkartsua
ruin	ruina
ruination	ruination
ruined	hondatu
ruinous	hondakintzat
ruins	aurriak
rule	arau
ruler	erregela
ruling	epaia
rum	ron
rumba	rumba
rumble	Rumblar
rummage	rummage
rumor	zurrumurrua
rumored	Zurrumurruek
rump	rump
rumpus	rumpus
run	Korrika egin
runaround	runaround
runaway	ihes egin
rundown	rundown
runes	runes
rung	mailadi
runner	korrikalaria
running	exekutatzen
running shoes	oinetakoak
runny	runny
runt	NO TRANSLATION
runway	pista
rupture	haustura
rural	landa
ruse	NO TRANSLATION
rush	puntako
rushing	ezerk
rust	herdoila
rusted	rusted
rustic	rustikoa
rustle	rustle
rustler	Rustler
rusty	herdoildu
rut	rut
ruth	ruth
ruthless	ruthless
rye	zekalea
sabbatical	sabatiko
saber	NO TRANSLATION
sable	sable
sabotage	sabotaje
saboteur	saboteur
sac	sac
sack	zakua
sacrament	sakramentua
sacred	sakratuak
sacrifice	sakrifizioa
sacrifices	sakrifizio
sacrificial	sakrifizio
sacrilege	sacrilege
sacrilegious	sakrilegoa
sad	triste
sadday	NO TRANSLATION
saddens	saddens
saddle	jarlekua
sadist	sadist
sadistic	sadistic
sadly	zoritxarrez
sadness	tristura
safari	safari
safe	seguru
safeguard	jagon
safekeeping	zaintza
safety	segurtasuna
saffron	azafraia
sag	sag
saga	saga
sage	salbia
saggy	saggy
sail	sail
sailboat	belaontzi
sailing	bela
sailor	marinel
saint	santu
sainted	sainted
saintly	saintly
sake	sake
salad	entsalada
salamander	salamandra
salami	salami
salary	soldata
sale	salgai
salesgirl	salesgirl
salesman	saltzaile
salient	garrantzizko
saline	gatz
saliva	saliva
sally	sally
salmon	izokina
salmonella	salmonella
salon	apaindegia
saloon	berlina
salsa	salsa
salt	gatza
salted	gazi
saltwater	ur gazia
salty	gazia
salutary	osasungarria
salutation	agurra
salute	agurra
salvage	hondar
salvation	salbazioa
salve	Salve
samba	samba
sameness	sameness
sample	lagina
samurai	samurai
sanatorium	Erietxea
sanctification	sanctification
sanctified	sanctificatu
sanctify	sanctifica
sanctimonious	sanctimonious
sanction	zehapen
sanctioned	zigortuak
sanctity	santutasun
sanctuary	santutegia
sanctum	sanctum
sand	harea
sandal	sandalia
sandbox	sandbox
sander	Sander
sandman	Sandman
sandpaper	sandpaper
sands	Areetan
sandstorm	ekaitz
sandwich	ogitarteko
sandy	hondarrezko
sane	sane
sanguine	sanguine
sanitarium	eritetxeko
sanitary	osasun
sanitation	saneamendua
sanity	behatu
sans	NO TRANSLATION
santa	santa
sap	izerdia
sapiens	sapiens
sapphire	zafiro
sappy	sappy
sarcasm	sarkasmoa
sarcastic	sarkastikoa
sarcoma	sarcoma
sarcophagus	sarkofago
sardine	sardina
sardonic	sardonic
sarsaparilla	zarzaparrilla
sash	gerriko
sashimi	sashimi
sassafras	sassafras
sassy	sassy
satanic	satanic
satchel	zorroa
sate	NO TRANSLATION
satellite	satelite
satin	satin
satire	satira
satirical	satirikoa
satisfaction	asebetetze
satisfactorily	ongi
satisfactory	ahalik
satisfied	pozik
satisfy	Bete
satisfying	Sagarna
saturate	saturate
saturated	gainezka
saturation	saturazioa
satyr	satiro
sauce	saltsa
saucepan	kazola
saucer	saucer
saucy	saucy
sauerkraut	sauerkraut
sauna	sauna
sausage	txistorra
savage	basatia
savagery	basakeria
savanna	savanna
savannah	sabana
savant	Savant
save	gorde
saver	babeslea
saving	aurrezteko
savings	aurrezki
savior	salbatzaile
savor	usai
savory	savory
savvy	savvy
saw	zerra
sawdust	zerrauts
sawmill	zerrategi
sax	saxoa
saxophone	saxofoia
say	esan
sayonara	NO TRANSLATION
scab	scab
scabbard	scabbard
scaffold	aldamio
scaffolding	aldamio
scalding	egosten jarri
scale	eskala
scales	eskalak
scallop	Bieira
scalp	scalp
scalpel	scalpel
scaly	scaly
scam	iruzurra
scamp	scamp
scampi	zigala
scan	eskaneatu
scandal	eskandalua
scandalous	eskandalagarriak
scanner	eskaner
scanty	urri
scape	scape
scapegoat	scapegoat
scar	scar
scarab	scarab
scarce	urria
scarcely	apenas
scarcity	eskasia
scare	uxatzen
scarecrow	txorimalo
scared	beldurtuta
scares	scares
scarf	zapi
scarier	scarier
scariest	scariest
scarlet	Scarlet
scary	beldurgarria
scat	scat
scatter	sakabanatu
scattered	sakabanatuta
scattering	dispertsio
scavenger	scavenger
scenario	egoera
scene	eszena
scenery	paisaia
scenic	eszeniko
scent	usaina
scented	scented
scepter	zetro
sceptical	eszeptiko
scepticism	eszeptizismoa
schadenfreude	Schadenfreude
schedule	ordutegia
schematic	eskematiko
scheme	eskema
schilling	SCHILLING
schism	schism
schizophrenia	eskizofrenia
schizophrenic	eskizofrenikoa
schlep	schlep
schmuck	NO TRANSLATION
schnapps	schnapps
schnitzel	schnitzel
scholar	scholar
scholarly	akademiko
scholarship	beka
scholastic	scholastic
school	eskola
schoolboy	eskola-
schoolgirl	schoolgirl
schoolhouse	schoolhouse
schooling	eskolaratzea
schoolmaster	schoolmaster
schoolteacher	NO TRANSLATION
schoolwork	eskolako lanak
schoolyard	schoolyard
schooner	goleta
sciatica	sciatica
science	zientzia
scientific	zientifiko
scientist	zientzialari
scifi	scifi
scintilla	NO TRANSLATION
scintillating	scintillating
scintillation	izarniadura
scintillator	scintillator
scion	scion
scissors	guraizeak
scoff	scoff
scold	scold
scolding	scolding
scone	scone
scoop	bola
scoot	scoot
scooter	scooter
scope	esparrua
scorch	scorch
scorching	eguzkitsua benetan
score	puntuazio
scoreboard	Indizea
scorer	golegilea
scores	puntuazioak
scorn	mespretxa
scorned	scorned
scornful	scornful
scorpion	scorpion
scotch	scotch
scoundrel	scoundrel
scour	scour
scourge	gaitz
scout	scout
scowl	scowl
scrabble	scrabble
scram	scram
scramble	scramble
scrambled	nahaskia
scrambler	Scrambler
scrambling	scrambling
scrap	txatarra
scrapbook	ebakinen
scrape	Labordeta
scrapie	scrapie
scraping	scraping
scrappy	Scrappy
scratch	scratch
scratchy	scratchy
scrawny	scrawny
scream	garrasi
screamer	screamer
screaming	Garrasi
screech	screech
screen	pantaila
screening	emanaldia
screenplay	gidoi
screenwriter	gidoilari
screw	torlojua
screwball	screwball
screwdriver	bihurkin
screwed	izorratu
screwy	Screwy
screwyou	NO TRANSLATION
scribble	zirrimarra
scribe	eskribau
scrimmage	scrimmage
scrip	scrip
script	gidoia
scriptural	scriptural
scripture	Liburu Santuak
scroll	desplazamendu
scrotum	scrotum
scrounge	scrounge
scrounger	scrounger
scrub	sasiak
scruffy	scruffy
scrumptious	scrumptious
scrupulous	zorrotza
scrutinize	aztertzen
scrutiny	Lupa
scuba	urpean
scuff	scuff
scuffle	scuffle
scullery	scullery
sculptor	eskultoreak
sculpture	eskultura
sculptured	eskultura
scum	scum
scumbag	scumbag
scurry	SCURRY
scurvy	scurvy
scuttle	scuttle
sea	itsasoa
seaboard	sEABOARD
seafood	itsaski
seagull	kaio
seal	zigilua
seals	zigiluak
seam	seam
seaman	marinel
seamless	osoko
seamstress	jostun
seaport	portu
sear	sear
search	bilaketa
searching	bilatzen
searchlight	searchlight
seared	Seared
seashore	itsasertzean
seasick	seasick
seaside	kostaldeko
season	denboraldi
seasonal	sasoiko
seasoned	ondu
seasoning	gozagarri
seat	eserlekua
seatbelt	Segurtasun uhala
seating	eserlekuak
seawater	itsasoko ura
seaweed	algak
sec	sec
secession	sezesio
secluded	secluded
seclusion	itxialdia
second	bigarren
second cousin	bigarren lehengusina
secondary	bigarren mailako
secondhand	bigarren eskuko
secrecy	sekretu
secret	sekretua
secretariat	idazkaritza
secretary	idazkari
secrete	jariatzeko
secretion	jariaketa
secretive	secretive
secretly	Klikowsky
sect	sekta
sectarian	sektarioa
section	atala
sectional	Sekzioaren
sector	sektorea
secular	laikoa
secularism	Laicismo
secure	ziurtatzeko
securities	balore
security	segurtasun
sedan	NO TRANSLATION
sedate	sedate
sedation	sedation
sedative	lasaigarri
sedentary	sedentario
sedge	sedge
sediment	sedimentu
sedimentary	sedimentario
sedition	sedizioa
seduce	liluratuko
seducer	seduzitzailea
seducing	maitemintzeko
seduction	seducci√≥n
seductive	erakargarri
see	ikusi
seed	hazia
seedling	seedling
seeds	haziak
seedy	seedy
seek	bilatu
seeker	bilatzailea
seem	badirudi
seemingly	dirudienez
seer	seer
seesaw	seesaw
seething	mordo
segment	segmentu
segregate	bereiztea
segregated	bereiztuak
segregation	bereizketa
seismic	sismikoak
seize	aprobetxa
seizure	bahitzea
seldom	gutxitan
select	hautatu
selection	aukeraketa
selective	selektiboak
selectman	selectman
selenium	selenio
self	auto
selfharm	NO TRANSLATION
selfish	berekoia
selfishness	berekoikeria
selfless	ALTRUISTA
selflove	NO TRANSLATION
selfworth	NO TRANSLATION
sell	saldu
seller	saltzaileak
sellout	sellout
seltzer	Seltzer
semantics	semantika
semaphore	semaforo
semblance	semblance
semen	semen
semester	seihilekoa
semi	erdi
semiautomatic	NO TRANSLATION
semicolon	puntu eta koma
seminal	Mintegiaren
seminar	mintegi
seminary	seminario
semiotics	semiotika
senate	Senatuak
senator	senatari
send	bidali
sender	bidaltzailea
senescence	senescence
senile	zahartzaroko
senior	senior
seniority	antzinatasuna
senor	jauna
senorita	senorita
sensation	sentsazioa
sensational	apartekoa
sense	zentzu
senseless	zentzugabeak
senses	zentzumenak
sensibility	sentsibilitate
sensible	sensible
sensibly	Zuhurtziaz
sensitive	sentikor
sensitivity	sentsibilitatea
sensor	sentsorea
sensory	zentzumen
sensual	sentsuala
sensuality	sentsualitatea
sensuous	sentsuala
sentence	esaldi
sentencing	epaia
sentient	sentient
sentiment	sentimendu
sentimental	sentimental
sentimentality	sentimen
sentinel	Sentinel
sentry	ingurabideko
separable	banandua
separate	Aparteko
separately	bereizita
separation	bereizketa
separatist	independentista
sepia	sepia
sepsis	sepsis
sept	sept
septic	putzu
septum	septum
sequel	segizio
sequence	sekuentzia
sequent	sequent
sequestered	xurgatu
sequestration	bahitzea
serenade	serenata
serendipity	serendipity
serene	lasaia
serenity	lasaitasuna
sergeant	sarjentu
serial	serie-
serialize	serialize
series	series
serif	serif
serious	larri
seriousness	seriotasun
sermon	sermoia
serpent	suge
serpentine	suge
serrated	zerratuak
serum	suero
servant	Cerbitzari
serve	zerbitzatzeko
server	zerbitzaria
service	zerbitzu
serviceable	serviceable
servile	morroi
servitude	morrontza
sesame	sesamo
sess	NO TRANSLATION
session	saioan
sessions	saioak
set	multzo
setback	atzerakada
sett	NO TRANSLATION
setter	setter
settle	konformatu
settled	bizitzera
settlement	likidazioa
settler	kolono
settlor	settlor
setup	konfigurazioa
seven	zazpi
seventeen	hamazazpi
seventh	zazpigarren
seventy	hirurogeita
sever	sever
severable	severable
severally	severally
severance	severance
severe	larria
severely	zorrotz
severity	larritasun
sew	josi
sewage	saneamendu
sewer	estolda
sewerage	estolderia
sewing	josteko
sex	sexua
sexist	sexista
sexual	sexual
sexuality	sexualitateari
sexy	sexy
shabby	shabby
shack	txabola
shackle	shackle
shade	itzala
shades	tonu
shading	itzalak
shadow	itzal
shadowy	itzal
shady	itzalpean
shaft	ardatz
shag	ubarroi
shaggy	shaggy
shake	astindu
shakedown	Shakedown
shaken	astintzea
shaker	Godalet
shaking	dardarka
shaky	dar-dar
shall	Gorte
shallow	azaleko
shallows	ibilgu
sham	faltsura
shaman	shaman
shambles	shambles
shame	Pena
shamed	shamed
shameful	lotsagarria
shameless	lotsagabeak
shampoo	xanpua
shanghai	shanghai
shank	SHANK
shanty	shanty
shape	forma
shapely	shapely
shard	shard
share	share
shareholder	akziodun
sharing	partekatuz
shark	marrazo
sharp	zorrotz
sharpen	zorrozten
sharpened	zorroztu
sharpener	sharpener
sharpness	sharpness
sharpshooter	frankotiratzailea
shatter	apurtu
shattered	apurtu
shattering	shattering
shave	bizarra
shaver	Shaver
shaving	bizarra
shawl	shawl
sheaf	sheaf
shear	shear
shears	guraizeak
sheath	sheath
sheathing	sheathing
shed	ederki
sheen	distira
sheep	ardiak
sheepdog	artzai txakurren
sheepish	sheepish
sheer	sheer
sheet	xafla
sheik	sheik
shelf	apala
shell	oskol
shellfish	itsaski
shelling	shelling
shelter	aterpe
sheltered	babesean
shelters	babeslekuak
shelved	artxibatu
shepherd	artzain
sherbet	sorbetea
sheriff	sheriff
sherry	jerez
shield	armarria
shift	shift
shifting	aldatzearen
shifty	shifty
shilling	shilling
shimmer	shimmer
shimmering	shimmering
shimmy	shimmy
shin	Shin
shindig	shindig
shine	distira
shiner	shiner
shingle	sHINGLE
shining	distiratsuak
shiny	distiratsua
ship	itsasontzi
shipment	bidalketa
shipping	Bidalketa
shipshape	shipshape
shipwreck	hondoratze
shipyard	ontziola
shire	shire
shirt	kamiseta
shit	kaka
shitday	NO TRANSLATION
shitfaced	shitfaced
shithead	shithead
shitless	shitless
shitload	shitload
shittest	NO TRANSLATION
shitty	inoiz
shiver	hotzikara
shivering	shivering
shoals	shoals
shock	shock
shocked	harritu
shocker	shocker
shocking	hunkigarriak
shockingly	shockingly
shoddy	shoddy
shoe	zapata
shoelace	shoelace
shoemaker	zapatari
shoes	oinetakoak
shoeshine	shoeshine
shook	astindu
shoot	tiro
shooter	tiroak
shooting	filmatzeko
shootout	tiroketa
shop	denda
shopkeeper	dendaria
shoplifter	shoplifter
shoplifting	shoplifting
shopper	shopper
shopping	erosketak
shore	shore
shoreline	itsasertzeko
shorn	shorn
short	laburrak
short story	istorio laburra
shortage	eskasia
shortcake	shortcake
shortcoming	shortcoming
shortcut	laster-
shorten	laburtu
shortening	murriztea
shorthand	azkarra
shortly	Hemendik gutxira
shortness	shortness
shorts	film laburrak
shortstop	shortstop
shortwave	shortwave
shot	jaurtiketa
shotgun	eskopeta
shoulder	sorbalda
shout	oihu
shove	shove
shovel	pala
shoveling	palaz
show	ikuskizuna
showbiz	showbiz
showboat	showboat
showcase	erakusleiho
showdown	Showdown
shower	dutxa
showgirl	showgirl
showing	erakusten
showoff	Erakutsi
showroom	showroom
showy	showy
shrapnel	metraila
shred	shred
shrew	satitsu
shrewd	shrewd
shriek	garrasi
shrill	ozena
shrimp	izkira
shrine	baselizara
shrink	txikitu
shrinking	gutxitu
shrivel	shrivel
shroud	shroud
shrub	zuhaixka
shrubbery	zuhaixka
shrug	shrug
shrunk	txikiagoak
shrunken	shrunken
shudder	hotzikara
shuddering	Hotzikara
shuffle	shuffle
shuffleboard	shuffleboard
shuffling	nahasteko
shun	Shun
shunned	shunned
shunt	shunt
shut	itxi
shutdown	itzali
shuteye	NO TRANSLATION
shutit	NO TRANSLATION
shutter	itxiera
shuttle	anezka
shutup	NO TRANSLATION
shy	lotsati
shyness	lotsa
shyster	shyster
sib	NO TRANSLATION
sibling	anai-arreba
sic	sic
sick	gaixo
sickbay	sickbay
sicken	gaixotu
sickening	sickening
sickle	igitaia
sickly	sickly
sickness	gaixotasun
side	alboko
sidearm	sidearm
sidebar	alboko barra
sideboard	ontzitegi
sideburns	patillak
sidecar	sidecar
sidekick	Sidekick
sideline	sideline
sideshow	sideshow
sidestep	sidestep
sidewalk	espaloia
sideways	alboetara
sidewinder	Sidewinder
siege	setioa
siesta	siesta
sieve	bahe
sift	sift
sifting	sifting
sigh	hasperen
sight	ikusmena
sighting	begiztatzea
sightseeing	bisitak
sigma	sigma
sign	zeinu
signal	seinalea
signature	sinadura
significance	esangura
significant	esanguratsuak
signification	esanahi
signify	adierazi
signpost	seinale
silence	isiltasun
silencer	isilgailua
silent	isilik
silently	isilean
silhouette	silueta
silicon	silizioa
silicone	silikona
silk	zetazko
silken	zetazko
silky	silky
sill	sill
silliness	ergelkeria
silly	silly
silo	silo
silt	lohi
silver	zilarra
silverware	urregintza
silvery	zilar
similar	antzeko
similarity	Antzekotasun
simile	NO TRANSLATION
simmer	simmer
simmering	simmering
simple	erraz
simples	NO TRANSLATION
simpleton	simpleton
simplicity	soiltasuna
simplify	errazteko
simplistic	sinplista
simply	besterik gabe
simulate	simulatu
simulated	simulatu
simulating	simulatu
simulation	simulazioa
simulator	simulator
simultaneous	Aldi bereko
simultaneously	aldi berean,
sin	NO TRANSLATION
sincere	zintzo
sincerity	zintzotasun
sinful	bekatari
sing	abestu
singer	abeslaria
singing	kantua
single	bakar
singly	banaka
singular	singular
singularity	berezitasun
singularly	bereziki
sinister	maltzur
sink	konketa
sinker	sinker
sinking	hondoratu
sinner	bekatari
sinning	bekatu
sinus	sinus
sip	zurrutada
siphon	Siphon
sipping	Enbata
sir	jauna
sire	sire
siren	sirena
sirloin	azpizuna
sissy	Sissy
sister	arreba
sisterhood	sisterhood
sit	eseri
sitcom	sitcom
site	gune
sith	sith
sitter	sitter
sitting	eserita
situate	kokatu
situated	kokatua
situation	egoera
six	sei
sixpence	sixpence
sixteen	hamasei
sixth	seigarren
sixty	hirurogei
sizable	sizable
size	tamaina
sizzle	sizzle
ska	NO TRANSLATION
skate	skate
skateboard	skate
skater	skater
skating	skating
skedaddle	skedaddle
skeet	Skeet
skein	matazan
skeletal	hezur
skeleton	hezurdura
skeptic	skeptic
skeptical	eszeptiko
skepticism	eszeptizismoa
sketch	sketch
sketching	zirriborratuz
sketchy	sketchy
skewed	zeharkako
skewer	pintxo
ski	ski
skid	SKID
skier	eskiatzaile
skiff	skiff
skiing	eskia
skijump	NO TRANSLATION
skill	trebetasuna
skilled	kualifikatua
skillet	zartagin
skillful	trebea
skim	gaingabetuak
skimpy	skimpy
skin	azala
skinny	skinny
skip	salta
skipper	patroiak
skirmish	skirmish
skirt	gona
skirting	zokaloa
skirts	gona
skit	skit
skittish	skittish
skull	skull
skunk	skunk
sky	zerua
skylight	sabaileiho
skyline	skyline
skyscraper	etxe orratz
slab	Losa
slack	slack
slag	zepak
slam	slam
slammer	Slammer
slander	slander
slanderous	iraingarri
slang	slang
slant	joera
slap	Slap
slash	barra
slashes	barrak
slate	arbel
slates	arbel
slaughter	Sarraski
slaughterhouse	hiltegi
slaughtering	hilketa
slave	morroi
slavery	esklabotza
slay	slay
slayer	hiltzailea
sleaze	sleaze
sleazy	sleazy
sled	NO TRANSLATION
sledding	Sledding
sledge	lera
sledgehammer	sledgehammer
sleek	sleek
sleep	loaren
sleeper	Autokarabana
sleeping	lotan
sleepless	lorik
sleeplessness	sleeplessness
sleepover	sleepover
sleepy	sleepy
sleepyhead	sleepyhead
sleet	elur bustia
sleeve	mahuka
sleeveless	mahukarik
sleigh	lera
sleight	sleight
slender	lirain
sleuth	sleuth
slice	xerra
slick	beltza
slicker	slicker
slide	diapositiba
slider	graduatzaile
sliding	labain
slight	arina
slight anticipation	aurpegi arina
slight disgust	nazkagarri arina
slight surprise	sorpresa txikia
slight trust	konfiantza txikia
slightly	zertxobait
slightly negative	apur bat negatiboa
slightly positive	apur bat positiboa
slim	Slim
slime	Lohi
slimy	slimy
sling	sling
slingshot	slingshot
slink	Slink
slinky	slinky
slip	lapsus
slipper	slipper
slippers	zapatilak
slippery	irristakor
slit	slit
sliver	sliver
slob	slob
slobber	slobber
slogan	leloa
sloop	sloop
slop	NO TRANSLATION
slope	malda
sloppy	sloppy
slot	zirrikitua
sloth	sloth
slouch	alfer
slough	slough
slow	motela
slowly	astiro
slowness	moteltasuna
sludge	lohi
slug	slug
slugger	slugger
sluggish	geldoegi
sluice	sluice
slum	auzo
slumber	slumber
slump	slump
slur	slur
slurp	slurp
slush	slush
slut	slut
slutty	slutty
sly	Sly
smack	smack
small	txiki
smaller	txikiago
smallest	txikiena
smallpox	baztanga
smart	smart
smartass	smartass
smarten	smarten
smarty	smarty
smash	smash
smashed	apurtu
smattering	smattering
smear	Lohitu
smell	usain
smelling	usain
smelly	smelly
smelt	usaindu
smidgen	smidgen
smile	irribarre
smiled	irribarrez zegoen
smiles	irribarre
smiley	smiley
smiling	irribarretsu
smirk	smirk
smite	Ioren
smith	smith
smithereens	smithereens
smitten	smitten
smock	smock
smog	smog
smoke	kea
smoker	Erretzaile
smokey	Smokey
smoking	erretzea
smoky	ke
smoldering	smoldering
smooch	smooch
smooth	leuna
smoothie	smoothie
smoothly	dihoa
smoothness	leuntasuna
smother	smother
smudge	smudge
smug	smug
smuggle	kontrabandoan
smuggler	kontrabandista
smuggling	kontrabandoa
smut	smut
snack	mokadu
snacks	pintxoak
snafu	snafu
snag	es un grab
snags	snags
snail	barraskiloa
snake	suge
snakes	suge
snakeskin	Suge
snap	atxikitzeko
snapper	Snapper
snappy	snappy
snapshot	argazkiaren
snare	tranpa
snarl	snarl
snarling	zakurrarena
snatch	snatch
snatcher	snatcher
snazzy	snazzy
sneak	sneak
sneaker	sneaker
sneakers	Sneakers
sneaking	sneaking
sneaky	maltzur
sneer	sneer
sneeze	sneeze
sneezing	doministiku
snicker	snicker
snide	snide
sniff	sniff
snip	Snip
snipe	snipe
sniper	frankotiratzaile
snippet	mozkina
snippy	snippy
snitch	snitch
snob	Snob
snoop	miatze
snoopy	snoopy
snooty	snooty
snooze	errepikapen
snore	snore
snorkel	snorkel
snort	snort
snot	snot
snotty	snotty
snout	muturrak
snow	elurra
snowball	snowball
snowboard	snowboard
snowboarder	snowboarder
snowday	snowday
snowfall	elurte
snowflake	snowflake
snowing	Elurra
snowmageddon	Snowmageddon
snowman	elurrezko
snowplow	snowplow
snowstorm	elurte
snowy	elurrak
snub	snub
snubbed	snubbed
snuff	Tabakoaren
snug	snug
snuggle	snuggle
snuggled	snuggled
snuggles	snuggles
snuggling	snuggling
soak	beratu
soaked	blai
soaking	beratzen
soangry	NO TRANSLATION
soannoyed	NO TRANSLATION
soap	xaboia
soapbox	soapbox
soapy	xaboitsua
soar	soar
soaring	soaring
sob	NO TRANSLATION
sober	soila
soblessed	NO TRANSLATION
sobriety	soiltasuna
soc	soc
soccer	futbol
sociable	sociable
social	social
socialanxiety	NO TRANSLATION
socialism	sozialismo
socialist	sozialista
socialite	Socialite
socialize	sozializatzeko
society	gizartea
sociology	soziologia
sociopath	sociopath
sock	galtzerdi
socket	socket
sod	sOD
soda	sosa
soda/pop	sosa / pop
sodding	sodding
sodium	sodio
sofa	sofa
soft	biguna
softball	sofbola
soften	leuntzen
softener	leungarria
softening	leungarriak
softly	softly
softness	leuntasuna
software	software
soggy	soggy
sohappy	sohappy
soil	lurzorua
soiled	soiled
soiree	soiree
sojourn	sojourn
solace	kontsolamendu
solar	eguzki
solarium	solarium
solder	soldadura
soldering	soldadura
soldier	soldadu
sole	mihi
solemn	solemne
solicit	solicit
solicitation	eskaera
solicitor	abokatu
solid	solidoa
solidarity	elkartasuna
solidification	solidotze
solidified	sendotu
solidify	solidoa
solidity	sendotasuna
solitaire	bakarkako
solitary	bakartiak
solitude	bakardadea
solo	solo
solubility	disolbagarritasun
soluble	disolbagarriak
solucky	solucky
solution	konponbidea
solve	konpondu
solvency	kaudimen
solvent	disolbatzaile
somad	NO TRANSLATION
somatic	somatiko
somber	somber
some anticipation	Aurreikuspen batzuk
some disgust	nazka batzuk
some surprise	sorpresa batzuk
some trust	konfiantza batzuk
somersault	somersault
somethingigetalot	NO TRANSLATION
somewhat negative	zertxobait negatiboa
somewhat positive	zertxobait positiboa
somuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
son	son
sonar	sonar
sonata	sonata
sonervous	NO TRANSLATION
song	abesti
songwriter	kantautore
sonic	sonic
sonice	NO TRANSLATION
sonnet	soneto
sonorous	ozena
soot	kedarra
soothe	soothe
soothing	lasaigarriak
sophisticated	sofistikatuak
sophistication	sofistikazio
sophomore	sophomore
sopissed	NO TRANSLATION
soppy	soppy
soprano	soprano
sorcerer	Sorgin
sorcery	sorginkeriarekin
sordid	sordid
sore	Lepoko
soready	soready
sorely	sorely
soreness	soreness
sorghum	basartoa
sorority	sorority
sorrow	nahigabea
sorrowful	tristetzen
sorry	Sentitzen
sort	moduko
sorter	NO TRANSLATION
sortie	NO TRANSLATION
sorting	ordenatzeko
sos	NO TRANSLATION
soscared	soscared
soscary	soscary
soslow	soslow
sostressed	NO TRANSLATION
sosweet	sosweet
sothankful	NO TRANSLATION
sou	NO TRANSLATION
soul	arima
soulful	soulful
soulless	Gogo bako
soulmate	soulmate
sound	soinua
sounding	Fonetiker
soundness	sendotasuna
soundproof	intsonorizatua
soundtrack	Soinu-banda
soup	zopa
sour	garratza
source	iturria
sourpuss	sourpuss
south	hego
southbound	southbound
southeast	hego
southern	hegoaldean
southpaw	southpaw
southwest	hego-mendebaldeko
souvenir	oroigarri
sovereign	subirano
sovereignty	subiranotasunaren
soviet	Sobietar
sow	Sow
soy	soy
soy sauce	soja saltsa
soybean	soja
spa	spa
space	espazioa
spacecraft	espazio-ontzi
spaceman	astronauta
spaceship	espazio
spacing	tartea
spacious	zabal
spade	laia
spaghetti	spaghetti
spam	spam
spammers	zabor
span	NO TRANSLATION
spandex	spandex
spaniel	spaniel
spank	spank
spanking	spanking
spar	Spar
spare	ordezko
spareribs	spareribs
sparingly	gutxi
spark	txinparta
sparkle	sparkle
sparkling	distiratsuak
sparkly	sparkly
sparring	sparring
sparrow	Txolarre
sparse	rala
spasm	spasm
spastic	spastic
spat	spat
spatial	espaziala
spatter	spatter
spatula	espatula
spawn	abiarazi
spaz	Spaz
speak	hitz egin
speakeasy	speakeasy
speaker	hizlari
speakerphone	bozgorailua
speaking	mintzo
spear	lantza
spec	zehaztapenak
special	bereziak
specialist	espezialista
speciality	espezialitatea
specialize	NO TRANSLATION
specially	bereziki
specialty	espezialitatea
specie	NO TRANSLATION
species	espezie
specific	espezifikoa
specification	zehaztapen
specify	zehaztu
specimen	ale
speck	mota
speckled	speckled
specs	specs
spectacle	ikuskizun
spectacles	betaurrekoak
spectacular	ikusgarri
spectator	ikusle
specter	Specter
spectral	espektro
spectrometer	espektrometro
spectrophotometer	espektrofotometroa
spectroscopy	espektroskopia
spectrum	espektroa
speculate	espekulatu
speculation	espekulazioa
speculative	espekulazio
speculum	ispilu
speech	hizkera
speechless	hitzik gabe
speed	abiadura
speedboat	speedboat
speedily	azkar
speeding	Gehiegizko
speedometer	speedometer
speedway	autopista
speedy	abiaduraz
spell	ortografia
spellbound	Hechizado
spelling	ortografia
spencer	spencer
spend	gastatzen
spender	spender
spending	gastua
spent	igaro
sperm	espermatozoide
spew	spew
sphere	esfera
spherical	esferiko
sphincter	sphincter
sphinx	esfinge
spic	spic
spice	espezie
spicy	minak
spider	armiarma
spiders	armiarmak
spiffy	spiffy
spigot	spigot
spike	Spike
spiked	spiked
spiky	spiky
spill	isurketak
spillin	NO TRANSLATION
spin	spin
spinach	espinakak
spinal	bizkar-
spindle	ardatz
spine	bizkarrezurra
spineless	spineless
spinner	spinner
spinning	spinning
spinster	spinster
spiny	spiny
spiral	espiral
spire	kapitel
spirit	espiritua
spirited	Chihiroren
spirits	espiritu
spiritual	espirituala
spirituality	espiritualtasuna
spit	Spit
spite	arren
spiteful	spiteful
spitfire	spitfire
spittoon	spittoon
splash	harrerako
splat	Plast
splatter	splatter
spleen	barea
splendid	bikainaz
splendor	distira
splice	splice
spline	spline
splint	splint
splinter	printza
split	zatitu
splitting	splitting
splurge	splurge
spoil	hondatu
spoiler	spoiler
spoiling	spoiling
spoils	spoils
spoke	mintzatu
spoken	ahozko
spokesman	portavoz
spokesperson	bozeramaile
sponge	sponge
spongy	harroa
sponsor	babesle
sponsorship	babesari
spontaneity	batekotasuna
spontaneous	espontaneoa
spoof	spoof
spook	spook
spooky	Spooky
spool	spool
spoon	koilara
spoonful	koilarakada
sporadic	noizbehinkako
spore	espora
sport	Kirola
sporting	kirol
sports	kirol
sports car	kirol auto
sportsman	kirolari
sportsmanship	kirol
sportswriter	sportswriter
sporty	kirol
spot	Leku
spotless	spotless
spotlight	foku
spotted	ikusi
spotter	spotter
spotty	spotty
spousal	spousal
spouse	ezkontide
spout	spout
sprain	sprain
sprawl	sprawl
spray	spray
spread	zabaldu
spreader	spreader
spree	spree
spring	udaberri
springtime	udaberri
sprinkle	Sprinkle
sprinkler	aspertsio
sprinkling	sprinkling
sprint	esprintean
sprite	sprite
sprout	kimu
spruce	spruce
spud	spud
spunk	spunk
spunky	spunky
spur	akuilu
spurious	ezgaitzea
spurred	bultzatuta
spurt	spurt
spy	espioi
squabble	squabble
squad	zuzen
squadron	eskuadra
squall	squall
squamous	squamous
squander	alferrik
square	karratu
squash	squash
squat	squat
squatter	irregular
squaw	squaw
squawk	squawk
squeak	squeak
squeaky	garrasi
squeal	squeal
squealer	squealer
squeamish	squeamish
squeeze	estutu
squeezing	squeezing
squelch	squelch
squid	txipiroi
squint	squint
squire	ezkutaria
squirm	squirm
squirrel	Urtxintxa
squirt	squirt
squish	squish
squishy	squishy
stab	labankada
stabbed	stabbed
stability	egonkortasuna
stabilize	egonkortzeko
stabilizer	egonkortzaile
stable	egonkor
staccato	staccato
stack	pila
stadium	estadio
staff	langileak
stag	orein
stage	etapa
stagecoach	STAGECOACH
stagehand	stagehand
stagger	stagger
staggering	harrigarria
stagnant	geldituta
stagnation	geldialdia
staid	staid
stain	orban
stained	stained
stainless	herdoilgaitz
stair	eskailera
staircase	eskailera
stairs	eskailera
stairway	eskailera
stairwell	stairwell
stake	jokoan
stakeout	stakeout
stale	zaharkituak
stalemate	itota
stalk	stalk
stalker	stalker
stall	saltoki
stallion	hazitarako
stalls	besaulki-patioa
stalwart	defendatzailea
stamina	egoera fisiko
stamp	zigilua
stampede	stampede
stance	jarrera
stand	zutik egon
standard	estandarra
standardize	normalizatzeko
standardized	normalizatua
standby	itxaron
standing	zutik
standoff	Liskar
standpoint	ikuspegitik
standstill	geldirik
standup	Zutitu
stanza	estrofa
staph	staph
staple	rrizko
stapler	Grapagailua
star	izar
star fruit	izar fruta
starboard	starboard
starch	almidoia
stardom	stardom
stardust	Stardust
stare	begiradak
starfish	starfish
stargazing	stargazing
staring	begiradak
stark	stark
starlet	starlet
starlight	Starlight
starling	starling
starry	izar
stars	izarrak
starship	starship
start	hasiera
starter	starter
startle	startle
startled	ikaratu
startling	harrigarria
starvation	starvation
starve	gosez
starved	Starved
starving	gosez
stash	stash
stat	stat
state	Estatu
stately	dotoreak
statement	adierazpen
stateroom	stateroom
stateside	stateside
statesman	estatu
static	estatikoan
staticky	NO TRANSLATION
statics	estatika
station	geltoki
stationary	geldi
stationery	paper-
statistic	estatistika
statistical	estatistika
statistician	estatistikari
stator	stator
statuary	statuary
statue	estatua
statuette	estatuatxoa
stature	garaiera
status	status
statute	estatutu
statutory	estatutu
staunch	leiala
stave	duela
stay	egon
stayaway	NO TRANSLATION
stayed	geratu
stays	egonaldietarako
stead	orde
steadfast	hautsiezina
steady	danborrada
steak	txuleta
steakhouse	erretegia
steal	lapurtu
stealing	lapurretan
stealth	stealth
stealthily	Isilik
stealthy	stealthy
steam	lurrun
steamboat	bapore
steamer	bapore
steaming	lurrunetan
steamroller	steamroller
steamship	baporea
steamy	steamy
steel	altzairu
steep	pikoak
steeple	steeple
steer	gidatzeko
steering	gidari
stellar	izar
stem	amen
stench	kirats
stencil	stencil
stenographer	stenographer
step	urrats
stepdaughter	stepdaughter
stepfather	stepfather
stepmother	stepmother
steppe	estepan
steps	urrats
stepson	semeordea
stereo	estereo
stereoscopic	estereoskopiko
stereotype	estereotipo
stereotyped	estereotipatu
sterile	antzua
sterility	antzutasuna
sterilize	sterilize
sterling	esterlina
stern	popa
sternum	sternum
steroid	steroid
stethoscope	Fonendoskopio
stew	erregosia
steward	steward
stewardess	stewardess
stewardship	kudeaketa
stfu	STFU
stick	makila
sticker	eranskailua
sticking	itsastea
stickler	stickler
stickup	stickup
sticky	itsaskor
stiff	gogorra
stiffen	stiffen
stiffness	zurruntasuna
stifle	itotzeko
stifled	itotzen
stifling	itogarria
stigma	estigma
stile	NO TRANSLATION
stiletto	stiletto
stillbirth	stillbirth
stillborn	stillborn
stillness	isiltasun
stillwaiting	oraindik zain
stilts	abozeta
stimulant	pizgarri
stimulate	estimulatzeko
stimulating	bizigarri
stimulation	estimulazioa
stimulus	estimulu
sting	Sting
stinger	stinger
stinging	stinging
stingy	zeken
stink	stink
stinker	stinker
stinking	stinking
stinky	Stinky
stint	stint
stipend	stipend
stipulate	zeintzuk
stipulation	aipatzen
stir	nahastean
stirring	eraginez
stitch	puntada
stitching	josten
stock	stock
stockade	stockade
stockbroker	stockbroker
stockholder	akziodun
stocking	galtzerdi
stockings	galtzerdiak
stockpile	stockpile
stockroom	stockroom
stocks	izakinen
stoic	stoic
stole	lapurtu
stolen	lapurtu
stomach	urdailean
stomachache	tripako mina
stomp	stomp
stomped	stomped
stone	harri
stoned	harrika
stonewall	stonewall
stoneware	gresa
stony	harrizko
stooge	stooge
stool	aulkitxoa
stools	mahairik
stoop	stoop
stoopid	stoopid
stop	gelditu
stopover	geldialdi
stoppage	eten
stopper	tapoi
stopping	gelditu
stopwatch	Kronometroa
storage	biltegiratze
store	denda
storefront	erakusleihoa
storehouse	dudanez
storeroom	biltegia
storing	gordetzeko
storm	ekaitza
storming	ekaitza
stormy	Ekaitz
story	istorioa
storybook	storybook
storyteller	Ipuin kontalaria
storytelling	ipuin kontalariak
stound	stound
stout	Stout
stove	sukalde
stow	stow
stowaway	stowaway
straddle	straddle
straight	zuzen
straighten	altxa
straightforward	erraza
straightway	bertan
strain	tentsio
strained	iragazi
strait	itsasartea
straitjacket	hertsagarria
straits	Straits
strand	strand
stranded	lehorreratutako
strange	arraro
stranger	arrotz
strangle	itotzeko
strangulation	itotzea
strap	uhal
strapless	strapless
strapping	zumitzak
strata	estratu
strategic	estrategikoa
strategist	estratega
strategy	estrategia
stratification	estratifikazio
stratosphere	estratosferan
stratum	estratu
stratus	stratus
straw	lastoa
strawberry	marrubi
stray	kaleko
streak	marra
streaked	streaked
stream	korrontea
streamer	streamer
streaming	streaming
streamline	arintzea
street	kalean
streetcar	tranbia
streetlight	farola
strength	indarra
strengthen	indartzen
strengthening	indartzea
strenuous	strenuous
strep	STREP
stress	estres
stressed	azpimarratu
stresses	tentsioak
stressfree	NO TRANSLATION
stressful	estres
stressin	NO TRANSLATION
stressing	azpimarratuz
stressrelief	NO TRANSLATION
stretch	tarte
stretcher	ohatila
stricken	behartsuak
strict	zorrotz
stride	hortik
strife	gatazka
strike	greba
strikeout	marratu
striker	aurrelaria
striking	deigarria
strikingly	harrigarria
string	katea
strings	kateak
stringy	stringy
strip	banda
stripe	marra
striped	marra
stripped	biluztu
stripper	stripper
striptease	striptease
strive	saiatzen
strobe	estrobo
stroke	trazua
stroll	ibilaldi
stroller	Stroller
strolling	paseatzen
strong	indartsu
stronghold	gotorleku
strongly	biziki
structural	egiturazko
structure	egitura
strudel	strudel
struggle	borroka
strut	strut
stub	zirriborroa
stubbed	stubbed
stubble	lastoa
stubborn	stubborn
stubbornness	stubbornness
stubby	stubby
stucco	estuko
stuck	trabatuta
stuckup	NO TRANSLATION
stud	stud
studded	studded
student	Ikasleak
studied	aztertu
studio	estudioan
study	azterketa
stuff	gauza
stuffed animal	animalia beteak
stuffing	Relleno
stuffy	stuffy
stumble	stumble
stump	stump
stumped	stumped
stun	STUN
stunned	stunned
stunner	stunner
stunning	ikusgarriak
stunt	aurrerapena
stunted	stunted
stuntman	stuntman
stupefaction	stupefaction
stupefy	stupefy
stupendous	stupendous
stupid	ergelak
stupidity	ergelkeria
stupidpeople	NO TRANSLATION
stupidrain	NO TRANSLATION
stupor	stupor
sturdy	sendo
sturgeon	Sturgeon
stutter	stutter
sty	sty
style	style
styling	Sorozabal
stylish	dotorea
stylist	estilista
suave	suave
sub	sub
subatomic	subatomiko
subcommittee	Azpibatzordea
subconscious	inkontzienteko
subcutaneous	larruazalpeko
subdivide	zatitu
subdivision	zatiketa
subduction	Subdukzio
subdue	menperatuko
subdued	estutua
subdural	subdural
subito	NO TRANSLATION
subject	gaia
subjected	jasaten
subjection	subjection
subjective	subjektiboa
subjugation	menderatze
sublet	sublet
sublevel	sublevel
sublimation	sublimazio
sublime	sublime
subliminal	subliminala
submarine	itsaspeko
submerge	murgildu
submerged	urpean
submersible	submersible
submission	aurkezteko
submissive	otzanak
submit	bidali
submitting	Aurkezteko
subordinate	menpeko
subordination	menpekotasuna
subplot	subplot
subpoena	zitazioa
subscribe	harpide
subscriber	harpidedunak
subscription	harpidetza
subsequence	subsequence
subsequent	ondorengo
subsequently	geroago
subservient	subservient
subset	azpimultzo
subside	subside
subsidence	Subsidentzia
subsidiary	filiala
subsidize	diruz
subsidy	diru-laguntza
subsist	iraun
subsistence	bizirauteko
subsoil	zorupean
subspace	subspace
substance	Substantzia
substandard	substandard
substantial	nabarmenak
substantially	nabarmenki
substantiate	substantiate
substantive	substantibo
substation	substation
substitute	ordezko
substituted	ordezkatu
substitution	ordezkapen
substructure	azpiegitura
subterranean	lurpeko
subtext	subtext
subtitle	azpititulua
subtle	sotila
subtlety	sotiltasun
subtract	kenketak
subtraction	kenketa
subtype	azpimota
suburb	auzo
suburban	aldiriko
suburbia	suburbia
suburbs	aldirietan
subversion	subversion
subversive	subertsiboa
subvert	iraultzeko
subway	metroa
succeed	arrakasta
succeeding	arrakasta
success	arrakasta
successful	arrakasta
succession	segida
successive	ondoz
successor	sucesor
succinct	succinct
succubus	succubus
succulent	gozo
succumb	succumb
suck	zurrupatu
sucker	salmenta
sucking	xurgatzen
suckling	Esne
sucks	sucks
suction	suction
sudden	Bat-bateko
suddenly	bat-batean
suds	suds
sue	sue
suede	suede
suffer	Jasaten
sufferer	sufferer
suffering	jasaten
suffice	aski
sufficiency	nahikotasun
sufficient	nahikoa
sufficiently	nahikoa
suffix	atzizki
suffocate	suffocate
suffocating	itogarria
suffocation	itolarrian
sugar	azukre
suggest	iradokitzen
suggestion	iradokizun
suggestive	iradokitzailea
suicidal	suizida
suicide	buruaz beste
suicidebombing	NO TRANSLATION
suit	palo
suitable	egokia
suitcase	maleta
suite	suite
suitor	ezkongaia
sulfate	sulfatoa
sulfur	sufre
sulk	sulk
sullen	sullen
sully	sully
sulphur	sufre
sultan	sultan
sultry	sultry
sum	batuketa
summarily	summarily
summarize	laburbilduko
summary	laburpen
summation	summation
summer	uda
summerhouse	udako
summertime	udan
summit	gailurrera
summon	deialdia
summons	deialdiak
sumo	sumo
sump	sump
sumptuous	aparta
sun	eguzkia
sunbeam	sunbeam
sunburn	erredurak
sundae	sundae
sunday	igandea
sundial	Sari
sundown	eguzkia
sundry	Hainbat
sunflower	ekilorea
sunglass	sunglass
sunglasses	betaurrekoak
sunk	hondoratuta
sunken	sunken
sunless	sunless
sunlight	eguzki-argia
sunny	eguzkitsua
sunrise	sunrise
sunroof	sunroof
sunscreen	kremak
sunset	ilunabarra
sunshine	eguzkia
suntan	suntan
sunup	sunup
sup	sup
super	super
superannuation	superannuation
superb	bikaina
superficial	azaleko
superfluous	azalekoa
superhero	superheroia
superhuman	gaindiko
superimposed	gainjarritako
superintendent	superintendentea
superior	superior
superiority	nagusitasun
superlative	superlatiboak
superman	superman
supermarket	supermerkatu
supermodel	supermodeloa
supernatant	supernatant
supernatural	naturaz gaindiko
supernova	supernova
superposition	gainjartze
superpower	superpotentzia
supersede	ordeztu
superstar	Superstar
superstition	sineskeria
superstitious	superstizio
superstore	superstore
supervise	ikuskatzen
supervision	gainbegiratzea
supervisor	ikuskatzaile
supper	affal
suppertime	afal
supplant	supplant
supple	supple
supplement	osagarri
supplemental	osagarri
supplementary	osagarriaren
supplication	erregu
supplier	hornitzaile
supplies	hornidura
supply	horniketa
support	laguntza
supported	onartzen
supporter	aldekoa
supporters	aldekoak
supporting	euskarri
supportive	solidarioa
suppose	suposatzen
supposed	ustezko
supposing	suposatuz
supposition	suposizio
suppress	kendu
suppression	kendu da
supremacy	nagusitasuna
supreme	gorena
supremely	supremely
surcharge	errekargua
sure	Ziur
surety	surety
surf	surf
surface	azalera
surfboard	surf
surfer	surflaria
surge	areagotu
surgeon	zirujau
surgery	kirurgia
surgical	kirurgiko
surly	surly
surmise	surmise
surname	abizenak
surpassing	gainditzen
surplus	superabita
surprise	sorpresa
surprised	harrituta
surprises	ezustekorik
surprising	harrigarria
surprisingly	harrigarriro
surreal	surrealistak
surrender	surrender
surrendering	surrendering
surrogate	surrogate
surround	ingurugiro
surrounding	inguruko
surroundings	inguruak
surveillance	zaintza
survey	inkesta
surveying	inkestaren
surveyor	Surveyor
survival	biziraupena
survive	biziraun
surviving	bizirik
survivor	bizirik
susceptibility	nolakotasuna
susceptible	jasan
sushi	sushi
suspect	susmagarri
suspected	susmatzen
suspend	eseki
suspended	esekita
suspenders	suspenders
suspense	suspense
suspension	etetea
suspicion	susmo
suspicions	susmoak
suspicious	susmagarriak
sustain	eustea
sustained	iraunkorra
sustenance	sostengu
suture	suture
suv	Amestoy
sux	Sux
swab	swab
swag	swag
swagger	swagger
swallow	irentsi
swami	Swami
swamp	swamp
swamped	inbaditu ninduen
swampy	swampy
swan	swan
swank	Swank
swap	swap
swarm	swarm
swarming	pirpir
swastika	swastika
swat	swat
sway	sway
swear	zin
swearing	swearing
sweat	izerdi
sweater	jertse
sweating	izerditan
sweatshirt	kirol-jertsea
sweatshop	sweatshop
sweaty	sweaty
sweep	ekorketa
sweeper	lorazaina
sweeping	miaketa
sweet	gozoa
sweeten	gozatzeko
sweetened	gozotu
sweetener	sweetener
sweetest	gozoenak
sweetheart	maitea
sweetie	Sweetie
sweetness	gozotasuna
sweets	gozokiak
swell	olatuak
swelling	hantura
sweltering	sweltering
swerve	swerve
swift	Swift
swiftly	azkar
swig	swig
swill	swill
swim	igeri
swimmer	igerilari
swimming	igeriketa
swimsuit	bainujantzi
swindle	iruzurra
swindler	swindler
swine	txerri
swing	swing
swinger	swinger
swinging	abentura
swipe	mugitu
swirl	swirl
swish	swish
switch	switch
switchblade	switchblade
switchboard	zentralita
swivel	birakaria
swollen	puztuta
swoon	swoon
swoop	swoop
sword	ezpata
swordfish	ezpata-arraina
swordplay	swordplay
swordsman	swordsman
sycamore	sycamore
syllable	silaba
syllabus	curriculumaren
symbiotic	sinbiotiko
symbol	ikurra
symbolic	sinbolikoak
symbolically	sinbolikoki
symbolism	sinbolismoaren
symbolize	sinbolizatzen
symmetric	simetrikoa
symmetrical	simetrikoa
symmetry	simetria
sympathetic	jatorra
sympathize	sinpatia
sympathy	sinpatia
symphonic	sinfoniko
symphony	sinfonia
symposium	coloquio
symptom	sintoma
symptomatic	sintomatikoa
synagogue	sinagoga
synapse	sinapsi
synaptic	synaptic
sync	sinkronizatu
synchronize	sinkronizatu
synchronous	sinkronoak
syncope	sinkopa
syndicate	sindikatu
syndrome	sindromea
synergistic	sinergikoa
synergy	sinergia
synod	Sinodo
synonym	sinonimo
synonymous	sinonimo
synopsis	sinopsia
synoptic	synoptic
syntax	sintaxia
synthesis	sintesia
synthesizer	sintetizadorea
synthetic	sintetikoa
syphilis	sifilisa
syringe	xiringa
syrup	ziropa
system	sisteman
systematic	sistematikoa
systematically	sistematikoki
t-shirt	kamiseta
tab	fitxa
tabasco	tabasco
tabby	tabby
tabernacle	tabernacle
table	taula
tableau	NO TRANSLATION
tablecloth	Mahai
tablespoon	koilarakada
tablet	tablet
tableware	tableware
tabloid	Tabloidea
taboo	tabu
tabular	taula
tabulate	tabulatuak
tabulation	tabulazio
tachometer	tachometer
tacit	isileko
tack	Tack
tackle	hor
tackled	jorratu
tackling	aurre
tacky	tacky
taco	taco
tact	biribilen
tactful	tactful
tactic	taktika
tactical	taktiko
tactics	taktikak
tactile	ukimenezko
tad	NO TRANSLATION
tadpole	apaburu
taffeta	taffeta
taffy	taffy
tag	etiketa
tail	buztan
tailed	buztanluzea
tailgate	tailgate
tailings	tailings
taillight	taillight
tailor	neurrira
tailoring	tailoring
tailpipe	tailpipe
taint	Ta√≠nta
take	hartu
takeoff	aireratzen
takeout	Atera
takeover	erosketaren
taker	hartzailea
talcum	talko
tale	ipuin
talent	talentu
talented	talentu
talisman	talisman
talk	eztabaida
talkative	talkative
talker	hizlari
tall	altuerako
tallies	makil
tallow	tallow
tally	Tally
talon	talon
talons	NO TRANSLATION
tambourine	panderoa
tame	NO TRANSLATION
tamer	domadorea
taming	taming
tamper	manipulatzea
tampon	tampon
tan	tan
tandem	tandem
tang	tang
tangent	tangente
tangerine	mandarina
tangible	hautemangarria
tangle	tangle
tangled	Tangled
tango	tango
tank	depositua
tank top	tank top
tanker	zisterna
tanned	tanned
tantalizing	tantalizing
tantamount	tantamount
tantrum	tantrum
taoism	taoism
tap	iturriko
tape	zinta
tape measure	zinta neurri
taper	taper
tapering	tapering
tapestry	tapiz
tapeworm	tapeworm
tapioca	tapioca
taps	taps
tar	tar
tarantula	tarantula
tardiness	tardiness
tardy	Tardy
target	xede
targeted	norakoak
targeting	zuzendutako
tariff	tarifa
tarmac	asfaltoa
tarnish	tarnish
tarot	tarot
tarp	NO TRANSLATION
tarry	tarry
tart	tarta
tartan	tartan
tartar	tartar
task	zeregin
tassel	tassel
taste	gustu
tasteful	tasteful
tasteless	tasteless
tasting	dastaketa
tasty	zaporetsua
tat	tAT
tattler	tattler
tattletale	tattletale
tattoo	tatuaje
taught	irakatsi
taunt	taunt
taupe	taupe
taut	taut
tavern	tabernan
tawdry	tawdry
tawny	urubia
tax	zerga
taxed	zergatzen
taxi	taxi
taxicab	taxicab
taxonomy	taxonomiari
taxpayer	zergadunak
tea	tea
teach	irakasteko
teacher	irakasle
teaching	irakaskuntza
teacup	teacup
teahouse	teahouse
teal	zertzeta
team	taldeak
teamjesus	NO TRANSLATION
teammate	taldekide
teamwork	talde-lana
teapot	teapot
tear	alderik
tearful	tearful
tearsofjoy	NO TRANSLATION
teary	teary
tease	tease
teaser	aurkezpenik
teasing	teasing
teaspoon	koilaratxo
teat	teat
teatime	teatime
tech	teknologiako
technical	teknikoak
technicality	technicality
technician	teknikariak
technique	teknika
techno	techno
technological	teknologikoak
technology	teknologia
ted	ted
teddy bear	teddy bear
tedious	aspergarri
tedium	tedium
tee	tee
teeming	teeming
teen	teen
teenage	gaztaroko
teenager	nerabea
teens	Nerabeak
teensy	teensy
teeny	teeny
teeth	hortzak
teething	teething
teflon	teflon
telegram	telegrama
telegraph	telegrafo
telekinesis	telekinesis
telemetry	telemetria
telepathic	telepathic
telepathy	telepathy
telephone	telefonoz
telescope	teleskopioa
telescopic	teleskopikoak
telethon	telethon
teletype	teletype
televised	telebistaz
television	telebistan
tell	esango
teller	kontalaria
telling	kontatzea
telltale	telltale
temp	temp
temper	tenplea
tempera	tenpera
temperament	tenperamentua
temperamental	leiala
temperance	neurritasuna
temperate	epel
temperature	tenperatura
tempered	tenplatua
tempest	ekaitza
template	template
temple	tenplu
tempo	NO TRANSLATION
temporal	temporal
temporarily	aldi baterako,
temporary	Aldi baterako
tempt	tentatu
temptation	tentazioa
tempting	tentagarria
temptress	temptress
ten	hamar
tenable	tenable
tenacious	saiatua
tenacity	irmotasuna
tenancy	tenancy
tenant	maizterrak
tend	joera
tendency	joera
tender	lizitazio
tenderfoot	tenderfoot
tenderness	samurtasuna
tending	joera
tendon	tendoi
tenement	tenement
tenet	printzipio
tenets	tenets
tenfold	tenfold
tennis	tenis
tenor	tenorea
tense	tentsioz
tensile	trakzio
tension	tentsioa
tent	karpa
tentacle	tentacle
tentative	behineko
tenth	hamargarren
tenths	hamarren
tenuous	fina
tenure	agintaldian
tepee	Tepee
tepid	tepid
tequila	Tequila
teriyaki	teriyaki
term	epe
terminal	terminal
terminate	amaitutzat
termination	baja
terminator	terminator
terminology	terminologia
terminus	terminus
termite	termite
terms	Termino
tern	txenada
ternary	hirutarra
terrace	terraza
terrain	orografia
terrestrial	lurreko
terrible	terrible
terribly	izugarri
terrier	terrier
terrific	emanaldirik
terrified	izututa
terrifies	beldurtzen
terrify	izutu
terrifying	beldurgarria
territorial	territorial
territory	lurralde
terror	terror
terrorism	terrorismoa
terrorist	terrorista
terrorists	terroristak
terrorize	izutzen
terse	laburtuta
tertiary	hirugarren mailako
test	proba
testament	testamentu
testicle	barrabil
testicular	testicular
testify	deklaratzera
testimonial	testigantza
testimony	testigantza
testosterone	testosterona
testy	NO TRANSLATION
tetanus	tetanosa
tether	tether
tethered	lotutako
tetrahedral	tetraedikoak
text	testua
textbook	testu liburua
textile	ehungintza
textural	testura
texture	testura
tgif	TGIF
thank	eskerrak
thankful	Asko eskertzen
thankgod	eskerrak Jainkoari
thanking	eskerrak ematen
thankless	thankless
thanks	eskerrik
thanksalot	NO TRANSLATION
thanksgiving	eskerrak
thankyougod	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoujesus	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoulord	NO TRANSLATION
thatch	thatch
thatmoment	NO TRANSLATION
thaumaturgy	thaumaturgy
thaw	desizoztu
theater	antzerki
theatrical	antzerki
theatrics	theatrics
thebest	hoberena
theft	lapurreta
theism	teismoa
theistic	teista
thelife	bizitza
thelittlethings	NO TRANSLATION
theme	Gaia
theocracy	teokrazia
theocratic	teokratikoaren
theologian	teologo
theological	teologikoa
theology	teologia
theorem	teorema
theoretical	teorikoa
theory	teoria
therapeutic	terapeutikoa
therapeutics	terapiak
therapist	terapeuta
therapy	terapia
thereabouts	thereabouts
thereof	kontratuan
therewith	hauekin
thermal	termiko
thermocouple	thermocouple
thermodynamics	Termodinamikaren
thermometer	termometro
thermos	THERMOS
thermostat	termostato
thesaurus	thesaurus
thesis	tesiaren
thick	lodiak
thicken	loditzeko
thickening	loditzeko
thicket	Sasitza
thickness	lodiera
thief	Sustrai
thigh	izterrean
thimble	titare
thin	mehe
thing	gauza
things	gauzak
thingy	thingy
think	uste
thinker	pentsalari
thinking	pentsatzen
third	hirugarren
thirds	herenak
thirst	egarria
thirsty	egarri
thirteen	hamahiru
thirteenth	hamahirugarren
thirty	Hogeita hamar
thistle	Thistle
thither	hara
thong	thong
thorn	arantza
thorny	thorny
thorough	sakon
thoroughbred	thoroughbred
thoroughfare	bide
thought	pentsatu
thoughtful	pentsakor
thoughtfulness	thoughtfulness
thoughtless	thoughtless
thoughts	pentsamenduak
thousand	mila
thrash	thrash
thread	haria
threat	mehatxua
threaten	mehatxatzen
threatened	mehatxatu
threatening	mehatxatzaileak
three	hiru
threefold	hirukoitza
threesome	threesome
thresh	thresh
threshold	atalase
thrice	hiru bider
thrift	thrift
thrifty	thrifty
thrill	emozioa
thrilled	thrilled
thriller	thriller
thrilling	zirraragarria
thrive	aurrera
thriving	thriving
throat	eztarria
throb	throb
throbbing	bizira
throes	throes
throne	tronu
throng	throng
throttle	throttle
throw	bota
throwback	throwback
thrower	thrower
thrown	bota
thrush	birigarro
thrust	bultzada
thruster	thruster
thud	dun
thug	thug
thumb	thumb
thumbprint	hatz marka
thump	TAPA
thumper	Thumper
thumping	thumping
thunder	trumoiak
thunderbolt	tximista
thunderclap	tximista
thundering	thundering
thunderstorm	Ekaitz
thunderstruck	Thunderstruck
thwart	Irailean
thx	eskerrik asko
thyme	ezkaia
thyroid	tiroideo
tiara	tiara
tibia	tibia
tic	TIC
tick	tick
ticked	hautatuz
ticker	ticker
ticket	txartela
tickle	tickle
tickled	tickled
ticklish	ticklish
tidal	marea
tidal wave	Itsasikara
tidbit	tidbit
tide	tide
tidings	berririk
tidy	txukuna
tie	Berdinketa
tier	grada
tiff	tiff
tiger	tigre
tighten	estutu
tightness	tightness
tightrope	tightrope
tights	galtzerdiak
tilde	tilde
tile	baldosa
tiling	teilatuak
till	NO TRANSLATION
tillage	laborantza
tiller	tiller
tilt	okertu
tilting	okertu
timber	egurra
timberland	timberland
timbre	tinbre
time	denbora
timeless	denboratik
timeliness	egokitasuna
timely	puntuala
timeout	denboraz kanpo
timepiece	timepiece
timer	tenporizadorea
times	aldiz
timetable	ordutegi
timewasters	NO TRANSLATION
timid	herabe
timidity	egonezina
timing	Egutegiari
tin	NO TRANSLATION
tincture	tincture
tine	NO TRANSLATION
tinfoil	tinfoil
tinge	kutsu
tingle	tingle
tingling	tingling
tinker	tinker
tinkering	tinkering
tinkle	NO TRANSLATION
tinkling	tinkling
tinnitus	Zumbo
tinsel	tinsel
tint	tint
tiny	txiki-txiki
tip	punta
tipper	tipper
tipster	tipster
tipsy	tipsy
tiptoe	tiptoe
tirade	tirade
tire	pneumatikoen
tired	nekatuta
tiredness	nekea
tiredofit	NO TRANSLATION
tireless	nekaezina
tiresome	tiresome
tiring	nekagarria
tissue	ehun
tistheseason	NO TRANSLATION
tit	tit
titan	titan
titanic	estralurtarra
titanium	titaniozko
tithe	hamarrenak
title	Izenburua
titled	izenburuko
titty	titty
titular	NO TRANSLATION
toad	apo
toast	topa
toaster	toaster
toasty	toasty
tobacco	tabakoa
toby	toby
tod	tod
today	gaur
toddler	toddler
toe	behatz
toenail	toenail
toffee	toffee
tofu	tofu
toga	NO TRANSLATION
together	elkarrekin
togetherness	togetherness
toil	toil
toilet	komuneko
toils	toils
token	token
tolerable	jasangarriagoa
tolerance	tolerantzia
tolerant	toleranteak
tolerate	jasaten
toleration	tolerantzia
toll	ordainleku
tomahawk	tomahawk
tomato	tomatea
tomatoes	tomateak
tomb	hilobia
tombstone	hilarri
tomcat	tomcat
tome	niri
tomorrow	bihar
ton	NO TRANSLATION
tone	tonu
toner	toner
tong	NO TRANSLATION
tongs	tongs
tongue	hizkuntza
tonic	tonic
tonnage	tona
tonsils	amigdala
toocold	NO TRANSLATION
tool	tresna
toolbox	tresna-
tooling	tresneria
toomuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
toot	toot
tooth	hortza
toothache	haginetako
toothbrush	eskuila
toothed	horzdun
toothless	toothless
toothpaste	hortzetako pasta
toothpick	Zotz
toots	Toots
top	goiko
topaz	Topaz
topic	Gai
topical	gaurkotasun
topless	topless
topographic	topographic
topographical	topografiko
topography	topografia
topple	iraultzea
topside	Ontziaren bizkarrean
tor	tor
torch	zuzi
torment	oinazeak
tormented	oinazetsu
torn	urratu
tornado	tornado
torpedo	torpedo
torque	momentua
torrent	torrent
torrid	torrid
torsion	dura
torso	enborra
tort	tort
tortious	tortious
tortoise	dortoka
tortuous	bihurria
torture	tortura
tortured	torturatuak
toss	zozketa
tot	NO TRANSLATION
total	guztira
totality	osotasun
totally	erabat
tote	tote
totem	totem
touch	ukitu
touchdown	Touchdown
touched	ukitu
touching	Gaztetxean
touchy	touchy
tough	gogorra
toughen	gogortzen
toughness	erresistentzia
toupee	toupee
tour	tour
tourism	turismoa
tourist	turismo
tourmaline	turmalina
tournament	Txapelketa
tourniquet	tourniquet
tout	NO TRANSLATION
tow	tow
towel	toalla
tower	dorrea
towering	towering
town	herri
townhouse	Ezaugarriak
township	udalerrian
townspeople	herritarrak
toxic	toxikoak
toxicity	toxikotasun
toxicology	toxikologia
toxin	Toxina
toy	jostailu
toymaker	toymaker
trace	aztarna
traceable	traceable
tracer	Bektorizatzailea
traces	aztarnak
trachea	trakea
tracing	Bektorizatu
track	track
tracker	tracker
tract	traktu
tractable	tractable
traction	trakzio
tractor	traktorea
trade	merkataritza
trademark	marka komertzial
trader	dendari
tradesman	tradesman
trading	merkataritza
tradition	tradizio
traditional	tradizionalak
traffic	trafikoa
traffic light	semaforoa
trafficking	salerosketa
tragedies	tragedia
tragedy	tragedia
tragic	tragiko
trail	ibilbide
trailer	trailer
train	trena
train set	tren-multzoa
trained	trebatu
trainee	praktiketako
trainer	Entrenatzaile
training	prestakuntza
trait	ezaugarri
traitor	traidore
traitorous	traidore
trajectory	ibilbidea
tram	tranbia
tramp	tramp
trample	zapalduko
trampoline	trampoline
tramway	tranbiaren
trance	trantze
tranquil	lasai
tranquility	lasaitasuna
tranquilizer	tranquilizer
transact	izapideak
transaction	transakzio
transatlantic	Transatlantic
transceiver	transceiver
transcend	gainditzen
transcendence	transzendentziaren
transcendent	garrantzi
transcendental	transcendental
transcribe	transkribatu
transcriber	transcriber
transcript	espedientea
transcription	transkripzio
transfer	transferentzia
transference	transferentzia
transferred	transferitu
transfixed	transfixed
transform	eraldatu
transformation	eraldaketa
transformer	transformatua
transfusion	transfusio
transgression	transgresio
transient	transizioa
transistor	transistorea
transit	igarotze
transition	trantsizio
transitional	transizio
transitive	iragankorra
transitory	iragankorrak
translate	itzuli
translation	itzulpen
translator	itzultzaile
translocation	translokazio
translucent	zeharrargitsu
transmission	transmisioa
transmit	transmititu
transmitter	igorlea
transmutation	transmutazio
transom	transom
transparency	gardentasuna
transparent	gardena
transplant	transplantea
transplantation	transplantea
transponder	errepikagailua
transport	garraioa
transportation	garraio
transporter	Transbordadore
transpose	irauli
transposition	transposizio
transsexual	transexual
transverse	zeharkako
transvestite	trabesti
trap	tranpa
trapdoor	trapdoor
trapeze	trapezista
trapped	harrapatuta
trapper	jartzaileak
trapping	tranpak
trappings	trappings
traps	tranpak
trash	trash
trashy	trashy
trauma	trauma
traumatic	trauma
travail	NO TRANSLATION
travel	bidaia
traveler	Bidaiari
traveling	bidaiatzen
traverse	gurutzatu
travesty	travesty
trawl	arrastre
trawler	Traineru
tray	erretilu
treacherous	treacherous
treachery	traizioa
tread	errodadura
treadmill	treadmill
treason	traizioa
treasure	altxorra
treasured	treasured
treasurer	diruzaina
treasures	altxorrak
treasury	diruzaintzaren
treat	tratatzeko
treatable	treatable
treatise	tratatua
treatment	tratamendua
treaty	itun
treble	treble
tree	zuhaitz
trees	zuhaitzak
trek	trek
trellis	trellis
tremble	dardarka
trembling	dardara
tremendous	izugarria
tremendously	izugarri
tremor	dardara
trench	lubaki
trend	joera
trending	Modako
trendy	modan
trepidation	trepidation
trespass	faltatu
triad	Hirukote
triage	triage
trial	epaiketa
triangle	triangelu
triangular	triangular
triangulate	triangulate
triathlon	triatloia
tribal	tribal
tribe	tribua
tribulation	tribulation
tribunal	tribunal
tribune	tribuna
tributary	afluente
tribute	omenaldi
trick	trick
trickery	trickery
trickle	erakarpen
trickster	trickster
tricky	delikatua
tricycle	tricycle
trident	sardea
trifle	huskeria
trifling	ttipi
trig	trig
trigger	abiarazle
trigonometry	trigonometry
trillion	bilioi
trilogy	trilogia
trim	moztu
trimester	hiruhilekoa
trimmer	trimmer
trimming	trimming
trine	Trine
trinity	trinity
trinket	trinketean
trio	hirukotea
trip	bidaia
tripartite	hiruko
tripe	tripakiak
triple	hirukoitza
triplet	hirukote
triplicate	hirukoiztu
tripod	tripode
tripping	tripping
trite	trite
tritium	tritioa
triumph	garaipen
triumphant	garaile
trivia	bitxikeriak
trivial	trivial
troll	troll
trolley	orga
trombone	tronboia
troop	Tropa
trooper	borrokalaria
troops	tropa
trophy	garaikurra
tropic	tropic
tropical	tropikalak
tropics	tropics
trot	trot
trouble	arazoak
troubled	nahasia
troublemaker	troublemaker
troubles	arazoak
troublesome	kezkaga
trough	kanalaren
troupe	taldearen
trousers	galtzak
trout	amuarrain
trowel	paletan
truce	tregua
truck	kamioia
trucker	Trucker
truckload	truckload
truculent	truculent
true	TRUE
truelove	benetako maitasuna
truffle	trufa
truism	begien bistako gauza
trump	triunfo
trumpet	tronpeta
trumpeter	tronpeta
truncate	moztu
truncated	trunkatuta
trundle	trundle
trunk	enbor
truss	truss
trust	konfiantza
trustee	patronatuko
trusting	fidakor
trustworthy	fidagarriak
trusty	trusty
truth	egia
truthful	egiazkoa
truthfulness	egiazkoak
try	saiatu
tryout	probatu
tryouts	tryouts
tsunami	tsunami
tub	upela
tuba	tuba
tubby	tubby
tube	hodi
tuberculosis	tuberkulosia
tubing	hodiak
tubular	tubular
tubule	tubule
tuck	Tuck
tucker	tucker
tuesday	astearteetan
tufted	tufted
tug	sokatira
tugboat	tugboat
tuition	matrikularen
tulip	tulipa
tumble	vueltas
tumbler	NO TRANSLATION
tumbleweed	tumbleweed
tummy	tummy
tumor	tumore
tumour	tumore
tumult	iskanbila
tumultuous	tumultuous
tun	NO TRANSLATION
tuna	atuna
tunable	tunable
tune	sintonizatu
tunic	tunika
tuning	sintonia
tunnel	tunel
turban	turban
turbidity	uhertasuna
turbine	turbina
turbo	turbo
turbulence	turbulentzia
turbulent	nahasietan
turd	turd
turf	Turf
turkey	indioilar
turmeric	turmeric
turmoil	asaldura
turn	txanda
turnaround	biratu
turned	aktibatuta
turning	inflexio
turnip	arbi
turnkey	prest egongo diren
turnoff	NO TRANSLATION
turnout	lainotu
turnover	fakturazioa
turnpike	TURNPIKE
turntable	turntable
turpentine	turpentine
turquoise	turkesa
turret	dorre
turtle	dortoka
turtleneck	turtleneck
tussle	tussle
tutelage	tutoretza
tutor	tutore
tutoring	tutoretza
tutu	Tutu
tux	tux
tuxedo	smoking
tv	telebista
twain	biga
twat	twat
twats	twats
tweak	pentsatzen
tweed	tweed
tweet	tweet
tweezers	pintzak
twelfth	hamabigarren
twelve	hamabi
twentieth	hogeigarren
twenty	hogei
twerp	twerp
twig	Twig
twilight	ilunabarreko
twill	sargazko
twin	bikiak
twine	twine
twinge	twinge
twinkle	Twinkle
twins	bikiak
twirl	twirl
twist	bira
twisted	bihurritu
twister	korapiloa
twit	twit
twitch	twitch
twitching	twitching
twitchy	twitchy
two	bi
two step	bi urrats
twofaced	NO TRANSLATION
twofold	bikoitza
twosome	twosome
tycoon	tycoon
tyke	Tyke
type	mota
typewriter	idazmakina
typhoid	typhoid
typhoon	tifoi
typical	tipiko
typically	normalean
typist	typist
typo	typo
typography	tipografia
tyrannical	tiraniko
tyranny	tirania
tyrant	tirano
tyre	pneumatikoen
ubiquitous	nonahiko
ubiquity	nonahikotasun
ugliness	itsustasuna
ugly	itsusiak
uhoh	NO TRANSLATION
ukulele	ukulele
ulcer	ultzera
ulterior	ulterior
ultimate	azken
ultimately	azken finean
ultimatum	ultimatum
ultimo	NO TRANSLATION
ultrasound	ultrasoinu
ultraviolet	ultramoreak
umbilical	umbilical
umbra	umbra
umbrella	aterkia
umpire	umpire
umpteen	umpteen
unabashed	unabashed
unabated	unabated
unable	ezin
unacceptable	onartezina
unaccompanied	Bakarrik dauden
unaccountable	ulergaitza
unaccounted	unaccounted
unacknowledged	unacknowledged
unadulterated	unadulterated
unaffected	eraginik
unafraid	unafraid
unaided	unaided
unaltered	aldaketarik gabe
unambiguous	zalantzarik gabe
unanimity	aho batez
unanimous	aho batez
unanimously	aho batez
unannounced	unannounced
unanswered	erantzunik
unanticipated	aurreikusi gabeko
unappreciated	unappreciated
unapproved	Onartu gabeko
unarmed	abenduan
unassisted	unassisted
unassuming	unassuming
unattached	lotu gabe
unattainable	eskuraezina
unattended	arretarik
unattractive	unattractive
unauthorized	baimenik gabe
unavailable	ez dago erabilgarri
unavoidable	ezinbesteko
unaware	ezjakin
unbalanced	desorekatua
unbearable	jasanezina
unbeatable	paregabean
unbeaten	unbeaten
unbecoming	unbecoming
unbelief	fedegabetasunarekiko
unbelievable	Harrigarria
unbiased	inpartziala
unborn	unborn
unbound	lotu
unbounded	mugagabea
unbreakable	unbreakable
unbridled	neurrigabe
unbroken	berak erakusten duenez
unbutton	unbutton
uncalled	uncalled
uncanny	harrigarria
uncaring	uncaring
uncensured	NO TRANSLATION
uncertain	incierto
uncertainty	ziurgabetasun
unchallenged	unchallenged
unchangeable	aldaezina
unchanged	aldatu gabe
uncharted	uncharted
uncherished	NO TRANSLATION
uncivilized	uncivilized
unclaimed	unclaimed
uncle	osaba
unclean	kutsatua
unclear	argi
uncomfortable	deseroso
uncommon	arraroa
uncommonly	Gutxitan
uncomplicated	uncomplicated
uncompromising	zorrotzak
unconcerned	egunerokotasunarekin
unconditional	baldintzarik gabeko
unconfirmed	berretsi gabeko
unconnected	loturarik
unconscionable	unconscionable
unconscious	konorterik
unconsciousness	unconsciousness
unconstitutional	konstituzioaren
unconstrained	mugagabea
uncontested	uncontested
uncontrollable	kontrolik gabeko
uncontrolled	kontrolik gabeko
unconventional	ezohikoak diren
unconvinced	unconvinced
unconvincing	unconvincing
uncooked	uncooked
uncooperative	uncooperative
uncorrelated	uncorrelated
uncouth	uncouth
uncover	desestaltzen
uncritical	uncritical
uncut	uncut
undead	hilen
undecided	undecided
undefeated	boladan
undefined	undefined
undeniable	ukaezina
underage	adingabe
underbelly	underbelly
undercover	kamuflatu
undercurrent	undercurrent
underdog	underdog
underestimate	gutxiestea
undergo	jasan
undergraduate	graduak
underground	lurpeko
underhanded	underhanded
underlay	underlay
underlie	azpian
underline	azpimarratu
underlying	azpiko
undermine	ahuldu
undermined	undermined
underneath	azpian
underpaid	underpaid
underpants	underpants
underprivileged	behartsuei
underrated	underrated
underscore	azpimarra
undersea	itsaspeko
undersecretary	idazkariordea
undersized	undersized
understaffed	understaffed
understand	ulertu
understandable	ulergarria
understanding	ulermena
understatement	understatement
understood	ulertu
understudy	understudy
undertake	ekiteko
undertaker	undertaker
undertaking	konpromiso
undertow	undertow
underwear	barruko arropa
underwood	underwood
underworld	mafiaren
underwrite	underwrite
underwriter	underwriter
undeserved	undeserved
undesirable	txarrak
undesired	nahi ez diren
undetectable	undetectable
undetected	undetected
undetermined	Zehaztu gabeko
undeveloped	garatu gabeko
undignified	undignified
undirected	undirected
undisclosed	gabeko
undiscovered	gabeko
undisputed	ukaezina
undisturbed	undisturbed
undivided	undivided
undo	desegin
undoing	desegin
undoubted	undoubted
undress	biluzten
undressed	biluztu
undue	bidegabeko
undying	undying
unearned	sortzeko dauden
unearth	unearth
uneasiness	uneasiness
uneasy	deseroso
uneducated	familiak
unemployed	langabezian
unemployment	langabezia
unencumbered	unencumbered
unending	unending
unequal	desorekatua
unequalled	parerik
unequivocal	argia
unequivocally	unequivocally
unethical	unethical
uneven	irregularra
uneventful	uneventful
unexpected	ustekabeko
unexpectedly	ustekabean
unexplainable	unexplainable
unexplained	unexplained
unexplored	esploratu gabeko
unfailing	unfailing
unfair	bidegabeko
unfairness	unfairness
unfaithful	unfaithful
unfamiliar	Ohituta
unfavorable	kontrako
unfeeling	unfeeling
unfettered	unfettered
unfinished	amaitu gabeko
unfit	ezgaitasuna
unflinching	unflinching
unfold	zabaltzen
unfollow	jarraitzeari
unforeseen	ezusteko
unforgettable	ahaztezina
unforgivable	barkaezina
unforgiving	unforgiving
unfortunate	Penagarria
unfortunately	tamalez
unfounded	unfounded
unfreeze	unfreeze
unfriendly	unfriendly
unfulfilled	bete
unfurnished	unfurnished
unglued	unglued
ungodly	ungodly
ungrateful	esker txarreko
unguarded	unguarded
unhand	NO TRANSLATION
unhappiness	zorigaitzaren
unhappy	zorigaiztoko
unharmed	unharmed
unhealthy	Osasungaitz
unheard	unheard
unhelpful	unhelpful
unhindered	duela
unholy	unholy
unhook	unhook
unicorn	unicorn
unidentified	identificado
unification	bateratzea
unified	bateratu
uniform	uniforme
uniformed	uniformedun
uniformity	uniformetasuna
uniformly	uniformeki
unimaginable	pentsaezinak
unimpeachable	unimpeachable
unimpeached	unimpeached
unimportant	garrantzirik
unimpressed	unimpressed
unimproved	unimproved
uninfected	uninfected
uninformed	uninformed
uninhabited	inor bizi
uninitiated	uninitiated
uninspired	uninspired
unintelligible	ulertezina
unintended	ustekabeko
unintentional	nahigabe
unintentionally	nahigabe
uninterested	uninterested
uninteresting	izanarren
uninterrupted	etenik gabe
uninvited	Gonbidapen gabeko
union	batasuna
unique	berezia
unisex	unisex
unison	batera
unit	unitate
unitary	unitario
unite	elkartu
united	Batua
unity	batasuna
universal	unibertsala
universality	unibertsaltasuna
universe	unibertsoa
university	unibertsitate
unjust	bidegabea
unjustifiable	Justifikaziorik
unjustified	justifikatu
unkind	unkind
unknowable	unknowable
unknown	ezezaguna
unlawful	legez kanpokoa
unleash	unleash
unlicensed	unlicensed
unlike	ez bezala
unlikely	zaila
unlimited	mugagabea
unlisted	argitaratu gabeko
unload	deskargatu
unloaded	deskargatu
unlock	desblokeatzeko
unlucky	unlucky
unmanageable	unmanageable
unmanned	gidatu gabeko
unmarked	markatu
unmarried	ezkongabea
unmask	agerian
unmatched	datozenak
unmistakable	nahastezina
unmitigated	unmitigated
unmoved	unmoved
unnamed	izenik
unnatural	ez naturalak
unnecessary	alferrikako
unneeded	beharrezkoa ez bada
unnoticed	oharkabean
unnumbered	zenbatu gabeko
unobserved	ikusle izan gabe
unobstructed	unobstructed
unobtrusive	unobtrusive
unoccupied	hutsen
unofficial	ofizialak ez
unopened	ireki gabeko
unopposed	unopposed
unordered	orden gabeko
unorganised	unorganized
unorganized	unorganized
unorthodox	unorthodox
unpack	Deskonprimitu
unpaid	ordaindu gabeko
unparalleled	paregabeko
unpleasant	desatseginak
unpleasantness	unpleasantness
unplug	deskonektatzea
unplugged	unplugged
unpopular	atseginak
unprecedented	aurrekaririk
unpredictable	ezusteko
unprepared	unprepared
unpretentious	unpretentious
unproductive	emankor
unprofessional	unprofessional
unprofitable	errentagarriak
unprotected	babesik
unproven	unproven
unprovoked	unprovoked
unpublished	argitaragabeak
unpunished	zigorrik gabe geratuko
unqualified	gabeko
unquestionable	ukaezina
unquestionably	Zalantzarik gabe
unquestioned	zalantzan
unquote	unquote
unravel	argitzeko
unreachable	dabilela
unread	irakurri gabe
unreal	irreala
unrealistic	unrealistic
unreasonable	arrazoizkoa
unrecorded	unrecorded
unregistered	erregistratu gabeko
unregulated	arautu gabeko
unrelated	zerikusirik
unrelenting	unrelenting
unreliable	ezinda
unremarkable	unremarkable
unrepentant	unrepentant
unrequited	unrequited
unresolved	konpondu
unresponsive	erantzuten
unrest	istiluetan
unrestrained	unrestrained
unrestricted	mugarik gabeko
unromantic	unromantic
unruly	unruly
unsafe	unsafe
unsanitary	unsanitary
unsatisfactory	unsatisfactory
unsatisfied	bete gabeko
unsavory	unsavory
unscathed	onik aterako
unscheduled	unscheduled
unscientific	unscientific
unscrew	unscrew
unscrupulous	unscrupulous
unseat	unseat
unseen	ikusezin
unselfish	unselfish
unsettled	unsettled
unsightly	unsightly
unsolicited	eskatu gabeko
unsolved	geraldian
unsophisticated	unsophisticated
unsound	unsound
unspeakable	unspeakable
unspecified	zehaztu gabe
unspoken	unspoken
unstable	ezegonkorra
unsteady	unsteady
unstoppable	geldiezina
unsuccessful	arrakastarik
unsuitable	desegokiak
unsung	unsung
unsupervised	unsupervised
unsupported	onartu gabeko
unsure	ziur
unsurpassed	unsurpassed
unsuspecting	sineskorren
unsustainable	jasanezina
unsweetened	unsweetened
unsympathetic	unsympathetic
untamed	Untamed
untenable	untenable
untested	untested
unthinkable	pentsaezina
untidy	untidy
untie	askatu
untimely	untimely
untitled	untitled
untold	untold
untouchable	ukiezina
untouched	bereganatzea
untoward	untoward
untraceable	untraceable
untrained	untrained
untranslated	itzuli gabeko
untroubled	untroubled
untrue	gezurra
untrustworthy	konfidantzarik
unturned	unturned
unused	erabili gabeko
unusual	ezohiko
unusually	ohiz
unutterable	unutterable
unveil	ezagutzea
unveiling	Obaba
unverified	egiaztatu gabeko
unwanted	nahigabeko
unwarranted	gabekoak
unwary	unwary
unwashed	garbitu gabe utzi
unwavering	unwavering
unwed	unwed
unwelcome	unwelcome
unwell	ondoezik
unwilling	bake
unwillingly	gogoz
unwillingness	gogo
unwind	unwind
unwise	zentzuzkoa
unwitting	unwitting
unwittingly	oharkabean
unworthy	unworthy
unwrap	unwrap
unwritten	unwritten
unyielding	unyielding
unzip	unzip
upbeat	upbeat
upbringing	upbringing
upcoming	datozen
update	eguneratzea
upgrade	berritze
upheaval	askok ekin
uphill	maldan gora
uphold	defendatu
upholstery	tapizeria
upkeep	sostengatzeko
upland	upland
uplands	uplands
uplift	uplift
uplifting	eredugarria
uplink	uplink
upload	igo
upper	goiko
uppercut	uppercut
uppity	uppity
upright	tente
uprising	altxamendu
uproar	iskanbila
upscale	upscale
upset	ixilik
upshot	upshot
upstairs	goian
upstanding	upstanding
upstart	upstart
uptight	uptight
upward	gorantz
upwards	gorantz
uranium	uranioa
urban	hiri-
urchin	triku
urge	eskatzea
urgency	premia
urgent	premiazko
urinal	pixatokia
urinalysis	urinalysis
urinate	txiza
urination	urination
urine	gernu
urn	urn
usable	erabilgarri
usage	erabilera
use	erabilera
used	erabilitako
useful	baliagarria
usefully	erabilgarritasun
usefulness	erabilgarritasuna
useless	Ezertarako
user	erabiltzaile
usher	Usher
usual	ohikoa
usurp	usurpatzen
usurped	usurpatu
usury	lukurreriaren
utensil	Tramankulua
uterus	umetokian
utilitarian	utilitario
utility	utilitatea
utilization	erabilera
utilize	erabili
utmost	onenak
utopian	utopikoaren
utter	utter
utterance	esaldi
utterly	erabat
vacancy	lanpostu hutsa
vacant	hutsik
vacate	hustu
vacation	oporrak
vaccination	txertoen
vaccine	txerto
vacuolar	vacuolar
vacuole	vacuole
vacuous	vacuous
vacuum	hutsean
vagabond	vagabond
vagina	baginaren
vaginal	baginako
vagrancy	erromestasuna
vagrant	vagrant
vague	vague
vagueness	vagueness
vainly	alferrik
valance	valance
vale	vale
valedictorian	valedictorian
valentine	Valentine
valet	autoak
valiant	hazkarren
valid	baliozko
validate	balioztatzeko
validation	balidazio
validity	baliozkotasun
valium	valium
valley	bailara
valor	NO TRANSLATION
valuable	baliotsua
valuables	baliozko
valuation	balioespen
value	balio
valve	balbula
vamoose	NO TRANSLATION
vamp	vamp
vampire	banpiroa
van	NO TRANSLATION
vandal	vandal
vandalism	bandalismoa
vane	Vane
vanguard	abangoardia
vanilla	bainila
vanish	desagertu
vanished	desagertu
vanishing	desagertzen
vanity	Vanity
vanquish	vanquish
vanquished	garaitua
vanquishing	vanquishing
vantage	talaia
vapor	lurruna
vara	NO TRANSLATION
variable	aldagai
variance	bariantza
variation	aldakuntza
variations	aldakuntzak
varicella	varicella
varicose	varicose
varied	anitza
variegated	variegated
variety	barietate
various	hainbat
varmint	varmint
varnish	barniz
varsity	varsity
vary	aldatu egiten dira
varying	desberdinak
vascular	vascular
vase	vase
vasectomy	basektomia
vassal	basailu
vast	zabala
vat	BEZa
vaudeville	vaudeville
vault	ganga
vaulted	ganga
vaulting	jauziko
veal	txekor
vector	bektorea
veer	veer
vega	vega
vegan	vegan
vegetable	barazki
vegetarian	begetarianoa
vegetarianism	vegetarianism
vegetation	landaretza
vegetative	begetatiboan
veggie	veggie
vehement	sutsua
vehicle	ibilgailu
veil	veil
veiled	veiled
vein	Ildo
veined	veined
vellum	vellum
velocity	abiadura
velour	velor
velvet	Velvet
velvety	belusatua
vena	vena
vendetta	Vendetta
vending	saltzaileekin
vendor	saltzaile
veneer	xafla
venerable	agurgarri
veneration	begirune
venereal	benereoak
venetian	venetian
vengeance	mendeku
vengeful	vengeful
venison	orein
venom	pozoia
venomous	venomous
venous	venous
vent	vent
ventilation	aireztapen
ventilator	haizagailua
venting	venting
ventricle	bentrikuluaren
ventricular	bentrikulu
ventriloquist	ventriloquist
venture	venture
venue	Euskalduna Jauregian
veracity	egiazkoak
veranda	behatokiko
verb	aditz
verbal	hitzezko
verbatim	hitzez hitz
verbiage	ipurdi
verbose	Luze
verbosity	verbosity
verdant	osaturiko
verdict	epaia
verge	zorian
verification	egiaztapen
verified	egiaztatu
verify	egiaztatzeko
verily	zinez
veritable	benetako
vermin	vermin
vermouth	vermouth
vernacular	herri
vernal	udaberriko
veronica	veronica
versatile	polifazetikoa
versatility	aldakortasunari
verse	Elortza
version	Bertsio
versus	aurka
vert	vert
vertebra	vertebra
vertebral	orno
vertex	erpina
vertical	bertikala
vertically	bertikalean
vertigo	bertigoa
verve	Verve
very negative	Oso negatiboa
very positive	Oso positiboa
veryangry	NO TRANSLATION
vesicle	besikula
vesicular	besikulako
vessel	ontzi
vest	txaleko
vested	gainbegiratze
vestibule	atari
vestige	aztarna
vet	albaitaria
veteran	Beterano
veterinarian	albaitari
veterinary	albaitaritza
veto	beto
vexed	haserretu
viability	bideragarritasuna
viable	bideragarria
viaduct	biaduktu
vial	vial
vibe	vibe
vibes	vibes
vibrant	kartsua
vibrate	dardara
vibration	bibrazio
vibrator	vibrator
vibratory	bibrazio
vicar	Bikario
vicarious	vicarious
vice	bizioa
viceroy	erregeordeak
vicinity	inguruan
vicious	gurpil
victim	biktima
victimized	biktima
victor	victor
victoria	victoria
victorious	garaile
victory	garaipena
video	video
video game	bideo-joko
videotape	bideo
vie	NO TRANSLATION
view	ikuspegi
viewer	ikusle
viewing	viewing
viewpoint	ikuspuntu
vigil	Vigil
vigilance	zaintza
vigilant	adi
vigilante	Vigilante
vignette	vignette
vigor	indarra
vigorous	kementsu
viking	bikingo
vile	vile
villa	villa
village	herrixka
villager	Baserritar
villain	villain
villainous	villainous
vinaigrette	ozpin
vindicate	erreibindikatu
vindicated	aldarrikatu
vindication	aldarrikapen
vindictive	vindictive
vine	mahats
vinegar	ozpina
vineyard	mahastian:
vintage	vintage
vinyl	binilo
viola	biola
violate	bortxatu
violation	urratzeagatik
violence	indarkeria
violent	bortitza
violently	bortizki
violet	morea
violin	biolina
violinist	biolin
viper	suge
viral	biral
virgin	birjina
virginal	birjina
virginity	birjintasuna
virility	virility
virology	birologia
virtual	birtual
virtually	birtualki
virtue	bertute
virtuoso	birtuoso
virtuous	bertutetsu
virulence	birulentzia
virus	birusa
visa	visa
visage	NO TRANSLATION
viscosity	biskositate
viscous	likatsua
vise	NO TRANSLATION
visibility	ikuspena
visible	ikusgai
visibly	nabarmenki
vision	ikusmen
visionary	ameslari
visit	bisita
visitation	Visitaci√≥n
visiting	Bisitariek
visitor	bisitaria
visor	bisera
vista	vista
visual	entzunezko
visualize	bistaratu
vital	ezinbesteko
vitality	bizitasun
vitals	vitals
vitamin	bitamina
vitreous	vitreous
viva	viva
vivacious	vivacious
vivid	biziak
vixen	Azeriaren
vocabulary	hiztegia
vocal	ahots
vocalist	abeslari
vocation	bokazioa
vodka	vodka
vogue	modan
voice	ahotsa
voiceless	ahotsik
voicemail	erantzungailuko
void	hutsunea
volatile	lurrunkor
volatility	lurrunkortasun
volcanic	sumendi
volcano	sumendi
volition	volition
volley	volley
volleyball	boleibola
voltage	Tentsioa
voltmeter	voltmeter
volume	bolumen
volumes	bolumen
voluminous	volumine
voluntarily	borondatez
voluntary	borondatezko
volunteer	boluntario
volunteering	boluntariotza
volunteers	boluntario
voluptuous	voluptuous
vomit	Vomit
vomiting	oka
voodoo	voodoo
voracious	voracious
vortex	zurrunbilo
vote	boto
voter	hautesle
voting	bozketa
votive	botozko
vouch	vouch
voucher	bonua
vow	botoa
vowel	bokal
voyage	bidaia
voyager	voyager
voyeur	voyeur
vulgar	vulgar
vulgarity	vulgarity
vulnerability	ahultasun
vulnerable	vulnerable
vulture	putre
wacko	wacko
wacky	wacky
wad	Wad
waddle	waddle
wade	wade
wafer	olata
waffle	Waffle
wag	wag
wage	soldatapeko
wager	apustua
wages	soldatak
wagon	bagoi
wail	kexu
waist	gerritik
waistcoat	txaleko
waistline	waistline
wait	itxaron
waiter	zerbitzari
waiting	zain
waitinggame	NO TRANSLATION
waitress	zerbitzari
waive	uko
waiver	uko
wake	esnatu
walk	oinez
walker	Mutiko
walking	oinez
walkout	walkout
wall	horma
wallaby	wallaby
wallet	zorro
wallflower	wallflower
wallop	wallop
wallow	wallow
wallpaper	wallpaper
walnut	intxaur
walrus	walrus
waltz	vals
wan	NO TRANSLATION
wand	makila
wander	noragabe ibili
wanderer	Wanderer
wandering	dabiltzan
wane	wane
waning	waning
wanker	wanker
wannabe	wannabe
wannasleep	NO TRANSLATION
want	nahi
wanting	gogoa
wanton	wanton
war	gerra
warbler	txinboa
warcrimes	NO TRANSLATION
ward	Ward
warden	zaindaria
wardrobe	armairu
ware	ware
warehouse	biltegi
warfare	gerra
warhead	warhead
warlike	zalea
warlock	Azti
warlord	guda
warm	bero
warming	berotze
warms	iristen denean
warmth	beroa
warn	ohartarazteko
warned	ohartarazi
warning	abisua
warp	okertu
warpath	wARPATH
warped	warped
warrant	agindu
warranted	warranted
warrants	bermatzen
warranty	bermerik
warren	warren
warrior	gerlari
warship	ontzi
wart	wart
wartime	gerra
wary	wary
wash	garbiketa
washed	garbitu
washer	garbigailua
washing	garbiketa
washout	washout
washroom	bainugeletako
wasp	WASP
waste	hondakin
wastebasket	wastebasket
wasted	alferrik galtzen
wasteful	xahuketa
wasteland	basamortu
wasting	alferrik galtzen
watch	ikusi
watchdog	watchdog
watcher	behatzailea
watchful	zaindari
watchman	NO TRANSLATION
watchout	kontuz
watchtower	talaia
water	ur
water polo	ur-poloa
waterbed	waterbed
watercourse	watercourse
watered	ureztatu
waterfall	Ur-jauzi
waterfront	waterfront
watering can	ureztatu daiteke
watermelon	sandia
waterproof	iragazgaitza
waterworks	waterworks
watery	Urezko
wave	uhin
wavelength	uhin-luzera
waver	Waver
wavering	dudatzen
waves	olatuak
wavy	wavy
wax	argizaria
waxed	argizaria
waxy	waxy
way	modu
ways	modu
wayward	wayward
weak	ahula
weaken	ahultzeko
weakened	ahuldu
weakling	weakling
weakly	ahula
weakness	ahultasuna
wealth	aberastasuna
wealthy	aberats
weapon	arma
weaponry	armak
wear	higadura
wearer	wearer
wearily	wearily
weariness	neke
wearing	jantzita
weary	nekaturik
weasel	erbinudea
weather	eguraldi
weathered	weathered
weatherman	eguraldi
weatherproof	weatherproof
weave	ehuntzen
web	web
website	webgune
wed	Az
wedded	wedded
wedding	ezkontza
wedge	ziri
wedlock	wedlock
wee	wee
weed	sasiak
weeding	guztien erakustaldia aldatu
weeds	belar txarrak
weedy	weedy
weeeee	NO TRANSLATION
week	aste
weekday	asteguna
weekend	asteburu
weekly	asteko
weenie	weenie
weep	negar egin
weeping	negarrez
weeping willow	negarrez sahatsa
weepy	weepy
weigh	pisatzen
weighing	pisatzen
weight	pisua
weightless	pisurik
weightloss	NO TRANSLATION
weights	pisuak
weighty	weighty
weir	presa
weird	bitxi
weirdness	ARRAROA
weirdo	weirdo
welcome	ongietorri
welcomed	ongietorria
welcoming	abegitsua
weld	soldadura
welder	soldatzailea
welding	soldadura
welfare	ongizatea
wellhead	wellhead
wellness	ongizatea
welsh	welsh
welt	NO TRANSLATION
wen	NO TRANSLATION
wench	neska
werewolf	werewolf
west	mendebaldean
westbound	westbound
western	mendebaldeko
wet	bustia
wetback	Arturo P√©rez Torres mexikarra
whack	Whack
whale	balea
whaling	balea
wham	wham
whammy	whammy
wharf	kaian
whatdoido	NO TRANSLATION
whatif	whatif
whatmakesmesmile	NO TRANSLATION
whatnot	whatnot
whatsoever	inolako
whatsthepoint	NO TRANSLATION
wheat	garia
wheel	gurpila
wheel barrow	NO TRANSLATION
wheelbarrow	wheelbarrow
wheelchair	gurpil-aulki
wheels	gurpilak
wheeze	wheeze
whelp	alproja
whereabouts	norakoak
wherefore	Argatik
wherewith	zertaz
wherewithal	baliabideak ematen dizkio
whet	whet
whiff	whiff
whilst	bitartean
whim	kapritxoa
whimper	whimper
whimsical	whimsical
whimsy	whimsy
whine	whine
whiny	whiny
whip	Greba
whiplash	whiplash
whipped	harrotua
whirl	Bihurritu
whirlpool	hidromasajea
whirlwind	zurrunbilo
whisk	whisk
whisker	whisker
whiskers	bizar
whiskey	whisky
whisky	whisky
whisper	xuxurla
whispered	xuxurlatu
whistle	txistua
whit	whit
white	Zuri-
whitefish	whitefish
whiteness	zuritasuna
whitewash	kare
whitish	zurixka
whittle	wHITTLE
whiz	whiz
whole	osoa
wholesale	handizkako
wholesome	wholesome
wholly	osorik
whoo	whoo
whoop	whoop
whopper	whopper
whopping	baten
whore	puta
whorehouse	whorehouse
wick	metxa
wicked	maltzurrez
wickedness	gaiztakeriak
wicker	zumezko
wicket	wicket
wide	zabal
widely	zabalduta dago
widen	zabaldu
widespread	hedatuago
widow	alarguna
widowed	alargundu
widower	alargunak
width	zabalera
wield	wield
wiener	wiener
wienie	NO TRANSLATION
wife	emaztea
wig	peluka
wiggle	wiggle
wight	uhartea
wiki	wiki
wild	basa
wildcat	basakatua
wildebeest	wildebeest
wilderness	basamortura
wildfire	Wildfire
wildlife	fauna
will	izango
willful	nahita
willies	willies
willing	prest
willingly	gogotik
willingness	borondatea
willow	sahats
willpower	borondatea
wilt	wilt
wilted	wilted
wily	wily
wimp	wimp
wimpy	wimpy
win	irabazi
wince	wince
winch	Komunikazio
wind	haize
windbag	hitzontzia
windfall	windfall
winding	bihurri
windmill	errota
window	leiho
windowsill	leiho
windpipe	windpipe
windshield	haizetako
windy	Ventosa
wine	ardoa
wine cooler	ardo freskoagoa
wing	hegal
winged	hegodun
winger	hegaleko
wingman	wingman
wink	keinua
winner	irabazleak
winning	irabazi
winnings	winnings
wino	NO TRANSLATION
winter	negua
winterbreak	NO TRANSLATION
wintertime	neguan
wintery	wintery
wintry	negu-
wipe	garbitu
wiper	espeka
wire	wire
wired	kable
wireless	haririk gabeko
wiretap	wiretap
wiring	kableatuaren
wis	WIS
wisdom	jakinduria
wise	jakintsu
wish	nahi
wishbone	wishbone
wishful	wishful
wishing	desiratuz
wishmeluck	wishmeluck
wisp	wisp
wistful	wistful
wit	wit
witch	sorgina
witchcraft	sorginkeria
withal	geldi
withdraw	erretiratuko
withdrawal	erretiratzea
withdrawals	bajak
withdrawn	kendu
wither	wither
withered	withered
withering	withering
withhold	atxikipena
withholding	atxikipen
withstand	jasan
witless	witless
witness	lekuko
wits	wits
witty	witty
wiz	Wiz
wizard	laguntzailea
wobble	wobble
wobbly	Bobbly
woe	ay
woeful	samina
woefully	woefully
wok	wok
wokemeup	NO TRANSLATION
wolf	otso
wolverine	wolverine
woman	emakume
womanhood	womanhood
womanizer	womanizer
womanly	womanly
womb	sabelean
wonder	galdetzen
wonderful	zoragarria
wonderfully	wonderfully
wonderment	wonderment
wondrous	wondrous
wont	NO TRANSLATION
woo	woo
wood	egurra
woodcut	xilografia
wooden	egurrezko
woodland	baso
woodlands	baso
woodpecker	woodpecker
woods	basoan
woodshed	woodshed
woodsman	woodsman
woodwork	zura
woody	woody
woof	Woof
woohoo	Woohoo
wooing	wooing
wool	artile
woolen	artilezko
woolly	iledunak
woot	woot
woozy	woozy
wop	wop
word	hitza
wording	idazketa
words	hitzak
wordy	wordy
work	lan
workaholic	workaholic
workbook	laneko liburu
worker	langilea
working	lanean
workings	funtzionamendua
workload	lanaren
workman	Workman
workmanship	muntaia
workout	entrenamendu
workplace	lantokian
works	lanak
workshop	tailerra
workup	workup
world	mundu
worldly	worldly
worldwide	Mundu osoan
worm	harra
wormhole	wormhole
wormwood	wormwood
worn	gastatu
worried	kezkatuta
worries	ardurak
worry	kezkatu
worrying	kezkagarria
worse	okerrago
worsening	larriagoa
worship	gurtza
worshipful	worshipful
worstfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
worth	merezi
worthless	worthless
worthwhile	merezi
worthy	merezi
wot	wot
would	litzateke
wound	zauria
wounded	zauritu
wounding	zauritu
wounds	zauriak
wracking	wracking
wrangler	wrangler
wrangling	liskarrak
wrap	itzulbiratu
wrapper	Wrapper
wrapping	egokitzerik
wrath	hasarrea
wrathful	wrathful
wreak	wreak
wreath	koro
wreck	Wreck
wreckage	wreckage
wrecked	hondoratutako
wrecker	wrecker
wrench	giltza
wrenching	wrenching
wrest	wrest
wrestle	wrestle
wrestler	Wrestler
wrestling	burruka
wretch	olako
wretched	penagarria
wriggle	wriggle
wright	wright
wring	wring
wringer	wringer
wrinkle	Zimurren
wrinkled	zimur
wrist	eskumuturra
wristband	wristband
wristwatch	eskumuturreko erlojua
writ	idazkia
write	idatzi
writer	idazleak
writing	idatziz
written	idatzia
wrong	oker
wrongdoing	wrongdoing
wrongful	legez
wrongly	gaizki
wrought	forjatuzko
wry	wry
xanax	xanax
xenophobia	xenofobia
xerox	xerox
xmas	Eguberriak
xoxo	xoxo
yaaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaay	NO TRANSLATION
yacht	belaontzi
yachting	kirol
yahoo	yahoo
yak	yak
yam	Yam
yank	yank
yap	NO TRANSLATION
yard	patioan
yarn	yarn
yaw	Yaw
yawn	aharrausi
yawning	aharrausika
yay	bai
yayy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyyy	NO TRANSLATION
yea	yea
yeahhh	yeahhh
yeahhhh	NO TRANSLATION
year	Urte
yearbook	urtekaria
yearling	yearling
yearly	urteroko
yearn	yearn
yearning	irrika
years	urte
yeast	legamiarekin
yehey	NO TRANSLATION
yell	garrasi
yeller	Yeller
yelling	yelling
yellow	horia
yellows	horiak
yelp	yelp
yen	yen
yeoman	yeoman
yesss	yesss
yessss	Yessss
yesterday	atzoko
yesteryear	anta√±o
yew	hagin
yey	NO TRANSLATION
yield	etekin
yielding	yielding
yo-yo	NO TRANSLATION
yodel	yodel
yoga	yoga
yogi	yogi
yogurt	jogurtak
yoke	uztarria
yolk	gorringoa
yon	NO TRANSLATION
yonder	hor
young	gazte
younger	gazteago
youngster	Gazteak
yousuck	yousuck
youth	gazteria
youthful	Gaztetxoen
yucky	yucky
yuletide	yuletide
yummy	Yummy
yuppie	yuppie
zany	zany
zap	baleude
zeal	celo
zealot	zealot
zealous	zealous
zebra	zebra
zen	zen
zenith	gailurra
zephyr	zephyr
zeppelin	zeppelin
zest	Zestoan
zesty	zesty
zeta	zeta
zigzag	sigi-saga
zilch	zilch
zillion	zillion
zinc	zinc
zing	NO TRANSLATION
zip	zip
zipper	kremailera
zippy	zippy
zit	NO TRANSLATION
zodiac	zodiac
zombie	zonbi
zone	zona
zoning	zonifikazioa
zoo	zoologiko
zoological	zoologiko
zoology	zoology
zoom	zoom
zucchini	kalabazin
