Word	fi
aaaaaaah	aaaaaaah
aaaah	NO TRANSLATION
aardvark	maasika
aback	taaksepäin
abacus	abacus
abalone	merikorva
abandon	luopua
abandoned	hylätty
abandonment	hylkääminen
abashed	hämillään
abate	tyyntyä
abatement	vähennys
abba	Abba
abbey	luostarikirkko
abbot	NO TRANSLATION
abbreviate	lyhentää
abbreviation	lyhenne
abdomen	vatsa
abdominal	vatsan-
abduct	ryöstää
abduction	sieppaus
aberrant	poikkeuksellinen
aberration	poikkeama
abeyance	ratkaisun viipyminen
abhor	inhota
abhorrence	kammo
abhorrent	vastenmielinen
abide	asua
abiding	Abiding
ability	kyky
abject	viheliäinen
ablation	ablaatio
ablaze	ilmiliekeissä
able	pystyä
abnormal	poikkeava
abnormality	poikkeavuus
aboard	laivaan
abode	asunto
abolish	poistaa
abolition	poistaminen
abominable	iljettävä
abominate	inhota
abomination	inhottavuus
aboriginal	alku-
abort	keskeyttää
abortion	abortti
abortive	epäonnistunut
abound	runsaasti
abovementioned	yllämainittu
abracadabra	simsalabim
abrasion	hiertymä
abrasive	hiova
abreast	rinnakkain
abroad	ulkomailla
abrogate	kumota
abrupt	äkillinen
abruptly	yhtäkkiä
abscess	paise
absence	poissaolo
absent	poissa
absentee	poissaolija
absenteeism	poissaolot
absinthe	absintti
absolute	absoluuttinen
absolution	synninpäästö
absolve	antaa synninpäästö
absorb	omaksua
absorbed	imeytyy
absorbent	imukykyinen
absorbing	imevää
absorption	imeytyminen
abstain	pidättyä
abstention	tyhjää
abstinence	pidättyvyys
abstract	abstrakti
abstraction	abstraktio
absurd	järjetön
absurdity	järjettömyys
abundance	yltäkylläisyys
abundant	runsas
abuse	väärinkäyttö
abused	väärin
abusive	loukkaava
abutment	rajoittuminen
aby	NO TRANSLATION
abysmal	pohjaton
abyss	syvyys
academic	akateeminen
academy	akatemia
accede	liittymään
accelerant	kiihdyttimen
accelerate	kiihdyttää
accelerated	kiihtyi
acceleration	kiihtyvyys
accelerator	kiihdytin
accent	aksentti
accentuate	painottaa
accept	hyväksyä
acceptable	hyväksyttävä
acceptance	hyväksyminen
acceptances	hyväksynnät
access	pääsy
accessible	saatavilla
accession	liittymistä
accessory	lisävaruste
accident	onnettomuus
accidental	satunnainen
accidentally	vahingossa
acclaim	tervehtiä suosionhuudoin
accolade	kunnianosoitus
accommodate	majoittaa
accommodation	majoitus
accompaniment	säestys
accompany	seurata
accompanying	mukana
accomplice	rikoskumppani
accomplish	suorittaa
accomplished	aikaan
accomplishment	suoritus
accord	sopimus
accordance	mukaisesti
accordion	harmonikka
account	tili
accountability	vastuullisuutta
accountable	vastuussa
accountant	kirjanpitäjä
accounting	kirjanpito
accounts	tilit
accredited	valtuutettu
accretion	vesijättö
accrue	kertyä
accueil	NO TRANSLATION
accumulate	kerätä
accumulation	kertymä
accuracy	tarkkuus
accurate	tarkka
accursed	kirottu
accusation	syytös
accusative	akkusatiivi
accuse	moittia
accused	syytetty
accuser	syyttäjä
accusing	syyttäen
accustomed	tottunut
ace	ässä
acetic	etikka-
acetylene	asetyleeni
ache	särky
achieve	saavuttaa
achieved	saavutettu
achievement	saavutus
aching	kipeä
achy	achy
acid	happo
acidity	happamuus
acknowledge	tunnustaa
acknowledged	tunnustettu
acknowledgement	tunnustus
acknowledgment	tunnustus
acme	huippukohta
acne	finni
acorn	tammenterho
acoustic	akustinen
acoustics	akustiikka
acquaint	tutustuttaa
acquaintance	tuttavuus
acquainted	tutustunut
acquiescence	suostumus
acquire	hankkia
acquiring	hankkiminen
acquisition	hankinta
acquisitions	yritysostot
acquit	vapauttaa
acquittal	vapauttava tuomio
acre	eekkeri
acreage	pinta-ala
acres	eekkeriä
acrobat	akrobaatti
acrylic	akryyli-
act	toimia
acting	näytteleminen
action	toiminta
action figure	toimintahahmo
actionable	kannekelpoinen
activate	aktivoida
activation	aktivointi
active	aktiivinen
activist	aktivisti
activity	aktiviteetti
actor	näyttelijä
actress	näyttelijä
actual	todellinen
actuality	todellisuus
actuary	aktuaari
acuity	terävyys
acumen	terävyys
acupuncture	akupunktio
acute	akuutti
acutely	akuutisti
ad	ilmoitus
adage	sananparsi
adamant	järkkymätön
adapt	sopeuttaa
adaptable	mukautuva
adaptation	sovittaminen
add	lisätä
added	lisättyä
addendum	lisäys
adder	kyykäärme
addict	addikti
addicted	riippuvainen
addiction	riippuvuus
addictive	riippuvuutta aiheuttava
addition	lisäys
additional	lisä-
additive	lisäaine
address	osoite
addressee	vastaanottaja
addresses	osoitteet
adept	mestari
adequacy	riittävyys
adequate	riittävä
adhere	noudattaa
adherence	kiinnittyminen
adherent	kannattaja
adhering	kiinni
adhesion	kiinnittyminen
adhesive	tarttuva
adieu	hyvästi
adipose	rasva-
adjacency	läheisyytensä
adjacent	vierekkäinen
adjective	adjektiivi
adjoining	viereinen
adjourn	lykätä
adjournment	hajaantuminen
adjudicate	ratkaista
adjudication	tuomio
adjunct	lisä
adjust	säätää
adjuster	säädin
adjustment	säätö
adjuvant	adjuvanttia
admin	admin
administer	hallita
administration	antaminen
administrative	hallinnollinen
administrator	järjestelmänvalvoja
admirable	ihailtava
admiral	amiraali
admiralty	amiraalinvirka
admiration	ihailu
admire	ihailla
admired	ihaillut
admirer	ihailija
admiring	ihaillen
admissibility	hyväksyttävyyden
admissible	hyväksyttävä
admission	pääsy
admit	myöntää
admittance	pääsy
admitted	hyväksytty
admitting	myöntää
admixture	sekoitus
admonition	kehotus
ado	melu
adobe	adobe
adolescence	nuoruus
adolescent	nuori
adopt	hyväksyä
adoption	hyväksyminen
adoptive	otto-
adorable	ihana
adoration	palvonta
adore	jumaloida
adoring	adoring
adorn	kaunistaa
adornment	koriste
adrenalin	adrenaliini
adrenaline	adrenaliini
adrift	tuuliajolla
adult	aikuinen
adulterated	väärennetyllä
adulterer	avionrikkoja
adultery	aviorikos
adulthood	aikuisuus
advance	edetä
advanced	pitkälle kehittynyt
advancement	edistäminen
advancing	etenee
advantage	etu
advantageous	edullinen
advent	tulo
adventure	seikkailu
adventurer	seikkailija
adventures	seikkailuja
adventurous	seikkailunhaluinen
adversary	vastustaja
adverse	haitallinen
adversity	vastoinkäyminen
advertise	mainostaa
advertisement	mainos
advertising	mainonta
adverts	ilmoitusta
advice	neuvot
advisable	suositeltava
advise	neuvoa
advised	neuvoi
advisement	harkittaviksi
adviser	neuvonantaja
advisor	neuvonantaja
advisory	neuvontapalvelut
advocacy	asianajo
advocate	puolestapuhuja
aegis	suojeluksessa
aeration	ilmastus
aerial	antenni
aerobics	aerobic
aerodrome	lentoasema
aerodynamic	aerodynaaminen
aerodynamics	aerodynamiikka
aeronautics	ilmailu
aeroplane	lentokone
aerospace	ilmailu
aesthetic	esteettinen
aesthetics	estetiikka
aetiology	etiologia
afar	kauas
affable	ystävällinen
affair	asia
affect	vaikuttaa
affecting	vaikuttavia
affection	tunteet
affectionate	hellä
affections	affections
affiche	NO TRANSLATION
affidavit	valaehtoinen todistus
affiliated	sidoksissa
affiliation	kuuluminen
affinity	affiniteetti
affirm	vakuuttaa
affirmation	vakuutus
affirmative	myöntävä
affirmatively	myöntävästi
affix	kiinnittää
afflict	vaivata
afflicted	ahdistettu
affliction	koettelemus
affluence	yltäkylläisyys
affluent	hyvinvoiva
afford	olla varaa
affordable	edullinen
affront	loukkaus
affronted	loukkaantuneena
afield	afield
afire	tulipalo
afloat	pystyssä
afore	edellä
aforementioned	yllä mainitut
aforesaid	edellä mainittu
afraid	peloissaan
afresh	uudelleen
african	afrikkalainen
aft	perä-
afterlife	tuonpuoleinen elämä
aftermath	jälkiseuraukset
afternoon	iltapäivällä
aftershave	partavesi
aftertaste	jälkimaku
afterthought	jälkiviisaus
aga	NO TRANSLATION
agape	töllistellen
agate	akaatti
age	ikä
aged	ikäinen
agency	toimisto
agenda	esityslista
agent	agentti
agglomeration	kasauma
aggravate	pahentaa
aggravated	paheneminen
aggravates	pahentaa
aggravating	raskauttava
aggravation	paheneminen
aggregate	aggregaatti
aggregation	aggregaatti
aggresive	NO TRANSLATION
aggression	aggressio
aggressive	aggressiivinen
aggressively	aggressiivisesti
aggressiveness	aggressiivisuus
aggressor	hyökkäävä puoli
agh	agh
aghast	tyrmistynyt jstk
aghhh	NO TRANSLATION
agile	ketterä
agility	ketteryys
aging	vanheneminen
agitate	yllyttää
agitated	kiihtynyt
agitation	levottomuus
aglow	hehkuen
agnostic	agnostikko
ago	sitten
agonizing	tuskallinen
agony	tuska
agoraphobia	agorafobia
agree	olla samaa mieltä
agreeable	miellyttävä
agreed	sovittu
agreeing	sopimalla
agreement	sopimus
agressive	NO TRANSLATION
agricultural	maatalous
agriculture	maatalous
aground	karille
agua	NO TRANSLATION
ahead	eteenpäin
ahhh	Ahhh
ahhhhhhhh	NO TRANSLATION
ahoy	ohoi
aid	apu
aide	avustaja
aiding	auttamista
aids	aids
ail	vaivata
ailing	sairaalloinen
ailment	sairaus
aim	tavoite
aimless	päämäärätön
air	ilma
airbag	turvatyyny
airborne	ilmassa
aircraft	ilma-alus
aircraft carrier	lentotukialus
airfield	lentokenttä
airhead	airhead
airlift	ilmasilta
airline	lentoyhtiö
airliner	liikennelentokone
airlock	ilmalukko
airman	lentäjä
airplane	lentokone
airport	lentokenttä
airs	tärkeily
airship	ilmalaiva
airspace	ilmatila
airspeed	lentonopeus
airstrip	kiitorata
airtight	ilmatiivis
airway	hengitysteiden
aisle	käytävä
ait	NO TRANSLATION
ajar	NO TRANSLATION
aka	alias
akin	kaltainen
alabaster	alabasteri
alarm	hälytys
alarm clock	herätyskello
alarmed	huolissaan
alarming	hälyttävä
alas	Valitettavasti
alb	NO TRANSLATION
albatross	albatrossi
albino	albiino
album	albumi
alchemy	alkemia
alcohol	alkoholi
alcoholic	alkoholisti
alcoholism	alkoholismi
alcove	alkovi
alderman	raatimies
ale	NO TRANSLATION
alert	hälytys
alertness	valppaus
alerts	hälytykset
alfalfa	sinimailanen
algebra	algebra
algebraic	algebran
algorithm	algoritmi
alias	alias
alibi	alibi
alien	ulkomaalainen
alienate	luovuttaa
alienated	vieraantuneita
alienation	vieraantuminen
alight	laskeutua
align	kohdistaa
aligned	Tasaus
alignment	suuntaus
alike	samoin
alimentation	NO TRANSLATION
alimony	elatusapu
aliquot	alikvootti
alive	elossa
alkali	alkali
alkaloids	alkaloideja
allay	lievittää
allegation	väite
allege	väittää
alleged	väitetty
allegiance	alamaisuus
allegorical	allegorinen
allegory	allegoria
allegro	allegro
allergic	allerginen
allergy	allergia
alleviate	lievittää
alleviation	lievitys
alley	kuja
alleyway	alleyway
alliance	liitto
allied	liittoutunut
alligator	alligaattori
allocate	jakaa
allocation	jako
allot	jakaa
allotment	siirtolapuutarha
allow	sallia
allowable	sallittu
allowance	avustus
allowed	sallittu
alloy	metalliseos
allsmiles	NO TRANSLATION
allure	viehättää
alluring	viettelevä
allusion	viittaus
alluvial	tulva-
ally	liittolainen
almanac	kalenteri
almighty	kaikkivaltias
almond	manteli
aloft	korkealla
aloha	näkemiin
alone	yksin
alongside	rinnalla
aloof	syrjässä
aloud	ääneen
alpha	alfa
alphabet	aakkoset
alphabetical	aakkosellinen
alpine	alppi-
alreadyyyyy	alreadyyyyy
altar	alttari
altar boy	alttaripoika
alter	muuttaa
alteration	muutos
altercation	kiista
altered	muuttunut
alternate	vaihtoehtoinen
alternating	vuorotteleva
alternative	vaihtoehto
altimeter	korkeusmittari
altitude	korkeus
alto	altto
altogether	yhteensä
aluminum	alumiini
alumnus	entinen oppilas
alveolar	alveolaarinen
alzheimers	NO TRANSLATION
amalgam	amalgaami
amalgamation	yhdistäminen
amaretto	amaretto
amass	kasata
amateur	amatööri
amaze	hämmästyttää
amazed	hämmästynyt
amazedness	NO TRANSLATION
amazement	hämmästys
amazing	hämmästyttävä
amazingly	mahtavasti
ambassador	suurlähettiläs
amber	keltainen
ambience	tunnelma
ambient	ympäröivä
ambiguity	epäselvyys
ambiguous	epäselvä
ambit	rajat
ambition	kunnianhimo
ambitious	kunnianhimoinen
ambivalent	ambivalentti
ambrosia	ambrosia
ambulance	ambulanssi
ambush	väijytys
ameliorate	parantaa
amen	aamen
amenable	myöntyväinen
amend	muuttaa
amendment	muutos
amends	muutetaan
amenity	mukavuudet
amethyst	ametisti
amiable	rakastettava
amicable	sovinnollinen
amid	keskellä
amidst	keskellä
amino	amino
ammo	ammus
ammonia	ammoniakki
ammonium	ammonium
ammunition	ammukset
amnesia	amnesia
amnesty	yleinen armahdus
amorous	rakkaus-
amorphous	amorfinen
amortization	kuoletus
amount	määrä
amour	NO TRANSLATION
amp	amp
ampersand	et-merkki
amphetamines	amfetamiinit
amphibian	sammakkoeläin
amphibious	amfibinen
amphitheater	amfiteatteri
ample	runsas
amplification	monistus
amplify	vahvistaa
amplitude	amplitudi
amply	runsaasti
amputate	amputoida
amputation	amputaatio
amuck	hillitön raivo
amulet	amuletti
amuse	huvittaa
amused	huvittunut
amusement	huvi
amusing	huvittava
ana	NO TRANSLATION
anaconda	anaconda
anaesthesia	nukutus
anaesthetic	nukutusaine
anagram	anagrammi
anal	anaali-
analgesic	kipulääke
analogous	vastaava
analogue	analoginen
analogy	analogia
analysis	analyysi
analyst	analyytikko
analytic	analyyttinen
analytical	analyyttinen
analyze	analysoida
analyzer	analysaattori
anaphylactic	anafylaktinen
anarchism	anarkismi
anarchist	anarkisti
anarchy	anarkia
anastomosis	anastomosis
anathema	pannajulistus
anatomic	anatominen
anatomy	anatomia
ancestor	kantaisä
ancestral	esi-isiltä peritty
ancestry	syntyperä
anchor	ankkuri
anchorage	ankkurointi
ancient	muinainen
ancillary	avustavia
androgen	androgeenireseptorin
android	android
anecdote	anekdootti
anemia	anemia
anemic	aneeminen
anemone	vuokko
anesthesia	nukutus
anesthesiologist	nukutuslääkäri
anesthetic	nukutusaine
aneurysm	aneurysma
anew	uudelleen
angel	enkeli
angelic	enkelimäinen
anger	suututtaa
angered	suututti
angermanagement	NO TRANSLATION
angina	angina
angiogram	angiogram
angiography	angiografia
angle	kulma
angling	onkiminen
angora	angorakangas
angriest	vihaisimmat
angry	suuttunut
angrytweet	NO TRANSLATION
angst	angst
anguish	ahdistus
anguished	ahdistunut
angular	kulmikas
anhydrous	vedetön
animal	eläin
animate	elävöittää
animated	eloisa
animation	animaatio
animosity	vihamielisyys jtk kohtaan
animus	Animus
ankle	nilkka
anklet	nilkkaremmi
annals	aikakirjat
annex	liite
annexation	liittämistä
annexe	NO TRANSLATION
annihilate	tuhota
annihilated	tuhotuksi
annihilation	tuhoaminen
anniversary	vuosipäivä
annotate	muistiinpanoja
annotation	huomautus
announce	ilmoittaa
announcement	ilmoitus
announcer	kuuluttaja
annoy	ärsyttää
annoyance	ärsyttävyys
annoyed	vihainen
annoyin	NO TRANSLATION
annoying	ärsyttävä
annoys	ärsyttää
annual	vuotuinen
annuity	elinkorko
annul	peruuttaa
annular	rengasmainen
annulment	kumoaminen
annulus	annulus
anointed	voiteli
anointing	voitelu
anomalous	poikkeava
anomaly	poikkeus
anon	Anon
anonymity	nimettömyys
anonymous	anonyymi
anorexic	ruokahaluttomat
answer	vastaus
answerable	vastuussa
answering	puhelinvastaaja
ant	muurahainen
antagonism	antagonismi
antagonist	antagonisti
antagonistic	vihamielinen
antagonize	suututtaa
ante	NO TRANSLATION
antecedent	edeltäjä
antelope	antilooppi
antenna	antenni
anterior	etu-
anthem	hymni
anthill	muurahaiskeko
anthology	antologia
anthrax	pernarutto
anthropological	antropologinen
anthropologist	antropologi
anthropology	antropologia
anti	anti
antiaircraft	ilmatorjunta-
antibiotic	antibiootti
antibiotics	antibiootit
antichrist	antikristus
anticipate	ennakoida
anticipation	ennakointi
anticipatory	ennakoiva
antics	temput
antidote	vastamyrkky
antifungal	sienilääkkeet
antigravity	antigravitaatio
antimony	antimoni
antipathy	antipatia
antiquarian	antikvaarinen
antiquated	vanhentunut
antique	antiikki-
antiques	antiikkia
antiquity	antiikin
antiseptic	antiseptinen
antisocial	ihmisiä vihaava
antithesis	antiteesi
antithetical	vastakkaisia
antiviral	viruslääke
antler	sakara
antsy	antsy
anus	peräaukko
anvil	alasin
anxiety	levottomuus
anxietyattack	NO TRANSLATION
anxious	ahdistunut
anxiousness	ahdistus
anytime	milloin tahansa
aorta	aortta
aortic	aortan
apace	nopeasti
apache	Apache
apartment	huoneisto
apartments	huoneisto
apathetic	apaattinen
apathy	apatia
ape	apina
aperture	aukko
apex	kärki
aphid	kirva
aphrodisiac	sukuviettiä kiihottava
apiece	palanen
aplomb	itsevarmuus
apocalypse	maailmanloppu
apocalyptic	maailmanlopun
apologetic	anteeksipyytävä
apologist	uskonpuolustaja
apologize	pyydä anteeksi
apology	anteeksipyyntö
apostasy	luopuminen
apostate	luopio
apostle	apostoli
apostolic	apostolinen
apostrophe	heittomerkki
apothecary	apteekkari
appalled	kauhistunut
appalling	kauhistuttava
apparatus	laitteet
apparel	vaatteet
apparent	näennäinen
apparently	ilmeisesti
apparition	ilmestys
appeal	valitus
appear	ilmestyä
appearance	ulkomuoto
appease	lepyttää
appellant	valittaja
append	liittää
appendage	lisäke
appendectomy	umpilisäkkeen poisto
appendicitis	umpilisäkkeen tulehdus
appendix	liite
appetite	ruokahalu
appetizer	alkupala
appetizing	herkullinen
applaud	osoittaa suosiota
applause	suosionosoitukset
apple	omena
apple juice	omena mehu
applejack	applejack
applesauce	omenasose
appliance	laite
appliances	kodinkoneet
applicability	sovellettavuus
applicable	sovelletaan
applicant	hakija
application	hakemus
apply	Käytä
appoint	nimittää
appointment	nimittäminen
appointments	nimitykset
apportion	jakaa
apportionment	jako
appraisal	arviointi
appraise	arvioida
appreciable	tuntuva
appreciate	arvostaa
appreciated	Ymmärretään
appreciates	arvostaa
appreciation	arvostus
appreciative	arvostava
apprehend	pidättää
apprehension	pelko
apprehensive	levoton
apprentice	oppipoika
apprenticeship	oppisopimus
approach	lähestyä
approaching	lähestyy
approbate	NO TRANSLATION
approbation	suostumus
appropriate	sopiva
appropriation	määräraha
approval	hyväksyminen
approve	hyväksyä
approved	hyväksytty
approvement	approvement
approving	hyväksyvä
approximate	lähentää
approximately	suunnilleen
approximating	vastaten suunnilleen
approximation	likiarvo
appurtenances	varusteita
apricot	aprikoosi
apron	esiliina
apt	osuva
aptitude	soveltuvuus
aqua	aqua
aquamarine	akvamariini
aquarium	akvaario
aquatic	vesi-
aqueduct	akvedukti
aqueous	vesi-
arable	viljelyskelpoinen
arbiter	sovittelija
arbitrary	mielivaltainen
arbitrate	sovittaa
arbitration	välimiesmenettely
arbitrator	välimies
arbor	lehtimaja
arc	kaari
arcade	arkadi
arcane	vaikeaselkoinen
arch	kaari
archaeological	arkeologinen
archaeologist	arkeologi
archaeology	arkeologia
archaic	arkaainen
archangel	Arkkienkeli
archbishop	arkkipiispa
archdiocese	arkkihiippakunta
archduke	arkkiherttua
arched	holvattu
archer	jousimies
archery	jousiammunta
archetype	perikuva
archipelago	saaristo
architect	arkkitehti
architectural	arkkitehtoninen
architecture	arkkitehtuuri
archive	arkisto
arctic	arktinen
ardent	kiihkeä
ardor	kiihko
arduous	vaivalloinen
area	alue
arena	areena
areola	areola
areyoukidding	NO TRANSLATION
areyoukiddingme	NO TRANSLATION
argent	NO TRANSLATION
argh	Argh
arghh	NO TRANSLATION
arghhhh	NO TRANSLATION
argue	väitellä
argument	Perustelu
argumentation	väittely
argumentative	väittelynhaluinen
arguments	argumentit
arid	hedelmätön
arise	nousta
aristocracy	ylhäisö
aristocrat	aristokraatti
aristocratic	aristokraattinen
arithmetic	aritmeettinen
ark	arkki
arm	käsivarsi
armada	suuri sotalaivasto
armament	aseistus
armaments	instrumentit
armature	ankkuri
armchair	nojatuoli
armed	aseistettu
armor	panssari
armored	panssaroitu
armory	asevarasto
armpit	kainalo
arms	aseet
army	armeija
aroma	aromi
aromatherapy	aromaterapiaa
arousal	kiihottumisen
arouse	herättää
aroused	herättänyt
arraignment	arraignment
arrange	järjestää
arranged	järjestetty
arrangement	järjestely
array	ryhmä
arrears	jälkikäteen
arrest	pidätys
arrhythmia	rytmihäiriö
arrival	saapuminen
arrive	saapua
arrogance	ylimielisyys
arrogant	ylimielinen
arrow	nuoli
arsehole	arsehole
arseholes	arseholes
arsenal	arsenaali
arsenic	arsenikki
arson	tuhopoltto
arsonist	tuhopolttaja
art	taide
arterial	valtimo-
artery	valtimo
artful	ovela
arthritis	niveltulehdus
arthropod	niveljalkaisten
artichoke	artisokka
article	artikla
articles	artikkeleita
articulate	artikuloitu
articulation	artikulaatio
artifact	esine
artifice	temppu
artificial	keinotekoinen
artillery	tykistö
artisan	käsityöläinen
artist	taiteilija
artiste	NO TRANSLATION
artistic	taiteellinen
artistry	taiteellisuus
artists	Taiteilijat
artwork	kuvamateriaali
arty	teennäinen
asap	mahdollisimman pian
asbestos	asbesti
ascend	nousta
ascendancy	ylemmyys
ascendant	nouseva
ascending	nouseva
ascension	nousu
ascent	nousu
ascertain	varmistaa
ascertained	varmistettu
ascetic	askeettinen
ash	tuhka
ashamed	häpeissään
ashes	tuhkat
ashtray	tuhkakuppi
asinine	aasimainen
ask	kysyä
asleeep	NO TRANSLATION
asleep	unessa
asp	aspiskyy
asparagus	parsa
aspartame	aspartaami
aspect	näkökohta
aspects	näkökohdat
aspen	haapa
asphalt	asfaltti
asphyxia	valekuolema
asphyxiation	tukehtuminen
aspiration	toive
aspire	tavoitella jtk
aspirin	aspiriini
aspiring	kunnianhimoinen
ass	perse
assail	ahdistaa
assailant	hyökkääjä
assassin	salamurhaaja
assassinate	murhata
assassination	salamurha
assault	hyökkäys
assay	määritys
assemblage	kokoontuminen
assemble	koota
assembled	koolla
assembly	kokoonpano
assemblyman	lakiasäätävän edustajakokouksen jäsen
assent	suostumus
assert	puolustaa
asserting	väittäen
assertion	väite
assertive	itsevarma
assess	arvioida
assessment	arviointi
assessor	arvioija
asset	etu
assets	varat
asshole	kusipää
assign	luovuttaa
assignee	siirronsaajalle
assignment	toimeksianto
assimilate	omaksua
assimilation	assimilaatio
assist	avustaa
assistance	apu
assistant	avustaja
associate	kumppani
association	yhdistys
assorted	valikoituja
assortment	lajitelma
assuage	tyynnyttää
assume	olettaa
assumed	oletettu
assuming	olettaen että
assumption	olettamus
assurance	varmuus
assure	vakuuttaa
assured	varma
assuredly	varmasti
asterisk	tähtimerkki
asteroid	asteroidi
asteroids	asteroidit
asthma	astma
asthmatic	astmaatikko
astigmatism	hajataittoisuus
astonish	hämmästyttää
astonished	hämmästyksissään
astonishing	hämmästyttävä
astonishingly	NO TRANSLATION
astonishment	hämmästys
astound	hämmästyttää
astral	astraaliruumis
astray	harhaan
astringent	supistava
astrologer	astrologi
astrology	astrologia
astronaut	astronautti
astronomer	tähtitieteilijä
astronomical	tähtitieteellinen
astronomy	tähtitiede
astute	neuvokas
asunder	kappaleiksi
asylum	turvapaikka
asymmetric	epäsymmetrinen
asymmetry	epäsymmetria
asymptotic	asymptoottinen
atelier	ateljee
atheism	ateismi
atheist	ateisti
atheistic	ateistinen
atherosclerosis	ateroskleroosi
athlete	urheilija
athletic	urheilu-
athleticism	urheilullisuuden
athletics	yleisurheilu
atlas	kartasto
atmosphere	ilmapiiri
atmospheric	ilmakehän
atoll	atolli
atom	atomi
atomic	atomi-
atone	sovittamaan
atonement	sovitus
atpeace	rauhassa
atrium	atrium
atrocious	julma
atrocity	julmuus
atrophy	surkastuminen
attach	liittää
attached	liitteenä
attachment	liite
attack	hyökkäys
attacker	hyökkääjä
attacking	hyökkää
attain	saavuttaa
attainable	saavutettavissa oleva
attainment	saavuttaminen
attempt	yrittää
attempted	yritettiin
attend	käydä
attendance	läsnäolo
attendant	liittyvä
attention	huomio
attentionseeker	NO TRANSLATION
attentionseekers	NO TRANSLATION
attentive	tarkkaavainen
attenuate	vaimentaa
attenuated	heikennetty
attenuation	vaimennus
attest	osoittaa
attestation	todistaminen
attic	ullakko
attire	pukea
attitude	asenne
attorney	asianajaja
attract	vetää puoleensa
attraction	vetovoima
attractive	viehättävä
attractiveness	houkuttelevuutta
attributable	johtuva
attribute	ominaisuus
attribution	Nimeä
attrition	hankaaminen
auburn	kullanruskea
auction	Huutokauppa
auctioneer	meklari
audacious	uskalias
audacity	rohkeus
audible	kuuluva
audience	yleisö
audio	audio-
audit	tarkastaa
audition	esiintymiskoe
auditions	koe
auditor	tilintarkastaja
auditorium	auditorio
auditory	auditiivinen
aught	mitään
augment	lisätä
augmentation	lisääminen
august	elokuu
aunt	täti
auntie	täti
aura	aura
aurora	aamurusko
auspices	suojeluksessa
auspicious	lupaava
austere	karu
austerity	ankaruus
authentic	aito
authenticate	todentaa
authentication	todennus
authenticity	aitous
author	kirjailija
authoritative	arvovaltainen
authority	auktoriteetti
authorization	valtuutus
authorize	valtuuttaa
authorized	valtuutettu
authorship	kirjailijanura
autism	autismi
autistic	autistinen
auto	auto
autobiographical	omaelämäkerrallinen
autobiography	omaelämäkerta
autocorrect	Automaattisen korjauksen
autocratic	itsevaltainen
autograph	omakätinen nimikirjoitus
autographed	nimikirjoituksella
automated	automatisoitu
automatic	Automaattinen
automobile	auto
automotive	autojen
autonomy	autonomia
autopilot	autopilotti
autopsy	ruumiinavaus
autumn	syksy
auxiliary	apu-
avail	hyödyttää
availability	saatavuus
available	käytettävissä
avalanche	lumivyöry
avarice	ahneus
avatar	avatar
avenge	kostaa
avenger	kostaja
avenging	koston
avenue	katu
aver	NO TRANSLATION
average	keskiverto
aversation	NO TRANSLATION
averse	vastahakoinen
averseness	averseness
aversion	vastenmielisyys
avert	ehkäistä
aviary	lintuhuone
aviation	ilmailu
aviator	lentäjä
avid	innokas
avocado	avokado
avoid	välttää
avoidance	välttäminen
avoiding	välttää
await	odottaa
awake	hereillä
awaken	herännyt
awakening	herääminen
award	myöntää
awards	palkinnot
aware	tietoinen
awareness	tietoisuus
awe	NO TRANSLATION
awed	awed
awesome	mahtava
awesomeness	mahtavuutta
awestruck	awestruck
awful	hirveä
awkward	kiusallinen
awkwardness	kiusallisuus
awning	markiisi
awry	vinossa
axe	kirves
axial	aksiaalinen
axiom	selviö
axiomatic	itsestään selvää
axis	akseli
axle	akseli
ay	kyllä
aye	kyllä
azimuth	atsimuutti
azure	taivaansininen
babble	leperrellä
babbling	höpinää
babe	tyttö
baboon	paviaani
baby	vauva
babysit	lapsenvahtina
babysitter	lapsenvahti
baccalaureate	kandidaatin arvo
baccarat	baccarat
bachelor	poikamies
bachelorette	bachelorette
back	takaisin
backboard	backboard
backbone	selkäranka
backdoor	takaovi
backdrop	taustaa
backer	tukija
backfire	kostautua
backgammon	backgammon
background	tausta
backhand	rysty-
backhoe	traktorikaivurit
backoff	peräänny
backpack	reppu
backpacker	patikoija
backroom	takahuone
backseat	takaistuin
backside	takapuoli
backtrack	ottaa takapakkia
backup	varmuuskopioida
backward	taaksepäin
backwardness	jälkeenjääneisyys
backwards	taaksepäin
backwater	suvanto
backwoods	salo
backyard	takapiha
bacon	pekoni
bacteria	bakteerit
bacterial	bakteeri-
bacterium	bakteeri
bad	huono
badass	pahis
badday	NO TRANSLATION
badfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
badge	kunniamerkki
badger	mäyrä
badhabit	NO TRANSLATION
badly	huonosti
badness	pahuus
baffle	hämmentää
baffled	pöllämystynyt
bag	laukku
bagel	leivos
baggage	matkatavarat
baggie	baggie
baggy	roikkuva
bagman	Bagman
bagpipes	säkkipilli
bail	takaus
bailiff	haastemies
bait	syötti
bake	leipoa
bakery	leipomo
baking	paistaminen
bal	NO TRANSLATION
balance	saldo
balanced	tasapainoinen
balcony	parveke
bald	kalju
balding	kaljuuntuva
baldy	baldy
bale	paali
balk	parru
ball	pallo
ballad	balladi
ballast	painolasti
ballerina	ballerina
ballet	baletti
ballgame	pallopeli
ballistic	ballistinen
ballistics	ballistiikka
balloon	ilmapallo
ballot	äänestys
ballpark	Ballpark
ballplayer	ballplayer
ballpoint	kuulakärkikynä
ballroom	tanssisali
ballsy	ballsy
balm	lohtu
balmy	leuto
balsam	häpykannus
balsamic	balsamico
bam	bam
bamboo	bambu
ban	NO TRANSLATION
banana	banaani
band	bändi
bandage	side
bandanna	NO TRANSLATION
bandit	bandiitti
bandstand	soittolava
bandwagon	soittokunnan vaunut
bandwidth	kaistanleveys
bane	kirous
bang	pamaus
banger	makkara
banish	karkottaa maasta
banished	karkotettu
banishment	karkotus
banister	porraskaide
banjo	banjo
bank	pankki
banker	pankkiiri
banking	pankkitoiminta
bankroll	pelikassa
bankrupt	konkurssiin
bankruptcy	konkurssi
banner	lippu
banquet	banketti
banshee	banshee
banter	pilailu
banzai	NO TRANSLATION
baptism	kaste
baptismal	kaste-
baptize	kastaa
bar	baari
barb	väkänen
barbarian	barbaari
barbaric	sivistymätön
barbarism	barbaria
barbecue	grilli
barbed	piikkilanka
barber	parturi
barbershop	parturi
barbie doll	barbie-nukke
bard	bardi
bare	paljas
bareback	ilman satulaa
barefoot	avojaloin
barely	Tuskin
barf	barf
bargain	tinkiä
bargaining	neuvotteluoikeuden
barge	proomu
baritone	baritoni
barium	barium
bark	haukkua
barkeep	barkeep
barks	parkikset
barley	ohra
barmaid	tarjoilijatar
barman	baarimikko
barn	lato
barnacle	takiainen
barney	Barney
barnyard	Barnyard
barometer	barometri
baron	paroni
baroness	paronitar
baroque	barokki
barrack	protestoida
barracuda	barrakuda
barrage	pato
barred	vanhentunut
barrel	tynnyri
barren	karu
barricade	barrikadi
barrier	este
barring	esto
barrister	asianajaja
barroom	barroom
barrow	kottikärryt
bartender	baarimikko
barter	vaihtokauppa
base	pohja
baseball	baseball
baseball bat	pesäpallomaila
baseboard	jalkalista
baseless	perätön
baseline	lähtötilanteessa
baseman	baseman
basement	kellarikerros
bases	emäkset
bash	lyödä
bashful	ujo
basic	perustiedot
basics	perusasiat
basil	basilika
basilica	basilika
basin	pesuallas
basis	perusta
bask	paistatella
basket	kori
basketball	koripallo
bass	basso
bass guitar	bassokitara
basso	NO TRANSLATION
bassoon	fagotti
bastard	kusipää
bastarding	bastarding
bastards	paskiaiset
bastion	linnake
bat	lepakko
batch	erä
batching	annostelu-
bate	NO TRANSLATION
bath	kylpy
bathe	kylpeä
bathhouse	kylpylä
bathing	uiminen
bathrobe	kylpytakki
bathroom	kylpyhuone
bathtub	kylpyamme
bathymetry	syvyysolosuhteiden
baton	viestikapula
battalion	pataljoona
batter	taikina
battered	kolhiintunut
battering	pahoinpitely
battery	akku
battle	taistelu
battled	taisteli
battlefield	taistelukenttä
battleground	taistelukenttä
battlements	rintavarustus
battleship	taistelulaiva
batty	höperö
bauble	hely
bawdy	kaksimielinen
bawl	parkua
bay	lahti
bayonet	pistin
bayou	Bayou
bazaar	basaari
bazooka	kevyt sinko
bday	bday
be	olla
beach	ranta
beaches	rantoja
beacon	majakka
bead	helmi
beading	helmikoristelu
beads	helmet
beady	nappimaisten
beagle	beagle
beak	nokka
beaker	dekantterilasiin
beam	palkki
beaming	säteilevä
bean	papu
beanbag	Säkkituoli
beanie	pipo
bear	karhu
bearable	siedettävä
beard	parta
bearded	parrakas
bearer	haltija
bearing	laakeri
bearings	laakerit
bearish	karhumainen
bearskin	karhuntalja
beast	peto
beastly	hirveä
beat	lyödä
beaten	lyöty
beater	vispilä
beating	selkäsauna
beatnik	beatnikki
beau	poikaystävä
beautification	kaunistamiseen
beautiful	kaunis
beautify	kaunistaa
beauty	kauneus
beaver	majava
bebop	Bebop
beck	vuoripuro
beckon	viittoa
become	tulla
bed	sänky
bedding	vuodevaatteet
bedpan	alusastia
bedrock	kallioperä
bedroom	makuuhuone
bedside	sängyn
bedspread	päiväpeite
bedtime	nukkumaanmenoaika
bee	mehiläinen
beef	naudanliha
beefsteak	pihvi
beehive	mehiläispesä
beep	piippaus
beeper	hakulaite
beer	olut
bees	mehiläiset
beeswax	mehiläisvaha
beetle	kuoriainen
befall	sattua
befitting	sovelias
befriend	osoittaa jklle ystävällisyyttä
befuddled	befuddled
beg	kerjätä
beggar	kerjäläinen
begging	kerjääminen
begin	alkaa
beginner	aloittelija
beginning	alku
beginnings	alkeet
begrudge	kadehtia
begun	alkaneet
behappy	NO TRANSLATION
behave	käyttäytyä
behavior	käytös
behavioral	käyttäytymiseen
behemoth	behemoth
behest	käskystä
behold	Katso
beholden	kiitollisuudenvelassa
beholder	katsojan
beige	beige
belated	myöhästynyt
belay	Belay
belch	röyhtäistä
belief	uskomus
believable	uskottava
believe	uskoa
believed	uskotaan
believer	uskovainen
believing	uskoen
belittle	vähätellä
belittled	vähäteltiin
bell	soittokello
bellboy	hotellipoika
bellhop	hotellipoika
belligerent	sotaisa
bellman	Bellman
bellow	karjua
bellows	palkeet
belly	vatsa
bellybutton	napa
bellyful	vatsantäysi
belong	kuulua
belongings	tavarat
beloved	rakastettu
belt	vyö
beluga	Beluga
bemused	hämmentynyt
bench	penkki
bend	mutka
bender	taivutin
bending	taipuva
beneath	alla
benedictory	benedictory
benefactor	hyväntekijä
beneficial	suotuisa
beneficiary	edunsaaja
benefit	hyöty
benevolence	hyväntahtoisuus
benevolent	hyväntahtoinen
benign	hyvänlaatuinen
bent	taipunut
benzene	bentseeni
bequeath	testamentata
bequest	testamenttilahjoitus
bereaved	sureva
bereavement	kuolemantapaus
bereft	bereft
beret	baskeri
bergamot	bergamotin
berlin	Berliini
berserk	sekaisin
berth	laituripaikka
beryllium	beryllium
beseech	rukoilen
beset	ahdistaa
bestdayever	paras päivä ikinä
bestfeeling	bestfeeling
bestfriends	parhaat ystävät
bestial	eläimellinen
besties	besties
bestow	suoda
bestseller	Bestseller
bet	veto
beta	beeta
betray	pettää
betrayal	petos
betrayed	petti
betrothed	kihlattu
betterment	parannus
betting	vedonlyönti
betty	betty
bevel	viiste
beverage	juoma
bevy	parvi
beware	ole varuillasi
bewilder	hämmentää
bewildered	ymmällään
bewilderment	hämmennys
bias	puolueellisuus
biased	puolueellinen
bib	ruokalappu
bible	raamattu
biblical	raamatullinen
bibliography	bibliografia
bicarbonate	bikarbonaatti
bicentennial	kaksisataavuotis-
biceps	hauislihas
bicker	kinastella
bickering	kinastelu
bicolor	bicolor
bicycle	polkupyörä
bid	tarjous
bidder	huutaja
bidding	hinnoittelu
bide	NO TRANSLATION
biennial	kaksivuotinen
bier	NO TRANSLATION
bifurcation	kaksijakoisuus
big	iso
bigamy	kaksinnaiminen
bigday	suuri päivä
biggestfear	NO TRANSLATION
biggie	Biggie
bighorn	iso torvi
bigmouth	suuri suu
bigot	kiihkoilija
bigoted	kiihkoileva
bigotry	kiihkoilu
bike	pyörä
biker	biker
bikini	bikinit
bilateral	kahdenvälinen
bilayer	kaksikerroksinen
bile	sappi
bilge	pilssi
bilingual	kaksikielinen
bill	laskuttaa
billboard	mainostaulu
billet	majoitus
billiard	biljardi-
billiards	biljardi
billing	laskutus
billion	miljardi
billionaire	miljardööri
billy	kenttäpakki
bimbo	bimbo
bimonthly	kahdesti kuussa
bin	astia
binary	binääri
bind	sitoa
binder	sideaine
bindery	kirjansitomo
binding	sitova
bing	bing
binge	humalahakuinen
bingo	bingo
binocular	binokulaarinen
binoculars	kiikari
binomial	binomi
bio	bio
biochemical	biokemiallisia
biochemist	biokemisti
biochemistry	biokemia
biogenesis	biogeneesissä
biographer	elämäkerran kirjoittaja
biography	elämäkerta
biological	biologinen
biologist	biologi
biology	biologia
bionic	Bionic
biopsy	biopsia
biosphere	biosfääri
bipartite	kaksiosainen
bipolar	kaksisuuntaisesta
birch	koivu
bird	lintu
birdcage	lintuhäkki
birdie	tipu
birdman	Birdman
birth	syntymä
birthday	syntymäpäivä
birthing	synnyttämässä
birthmark	syntymämerkki
birthplace	syntymäpaikka
birthright	esikoisoikeus
bis	NO TRANSLATION
biscuit	keksi
bisexual	biseksuaali
bishop	piispa
bison	biisoni
bisque	äyriäiskeitto
bistro	Bistro
bit	bitti
bitch	narttu
bitchy	kurja
bite	purra
biter	NO TRANSLATION
bitsy	Bitsy
bitter	katkera
bitterly	karvaasti
bitterness	katkeruus
bittersweet	katkeransuloinen
bitty	sirpaleinen
bitumen	bitumi
biweekly	joka toinen viikko
biz	BIZ
bizarre	outo
blab	lörpötellä
blabbermouth	lörpöttelijä
black	musta
black snake	musta käärme
blackberry	karhunvatukka
blackbird	mustarastas
blackboard	liitutaulu
blacken	mustata
blackface	musta naama
blackjack	blackjack
blacklist	musta lista
blackmail	kiristää
blackmailer	kiristäjä
blackness	pimeyttä
blackout	sähkökatkos
blacksmith	seppä
bladder	rakko
blade	terä
blame	syyttää
blameless	syytön
bland	mitäänsanomaton
blank	tyhjä
blanket	viltti
blare	pauhata
blase	NO TRANSLATION
blasphemous	herjaava
blasphemy	jumalanpilkka
blast	räjähdys
blaster	Blaster
blastoff	lähteä
blatant	räikeä
blather	jaarittelu
blaze	loimu
blazer	bleiseri
blazing	paahtava
bleach	valkaisuaine
bleak	synkkä
bleed	vuotaa verta
bleeder	verenvuototautinen
bleeding	verenvuoto
bleep	piipitys
blemish	tahra
blemished	huonot
blend	sekoitus
blender	Tehosekoitin
blending	sekoittaminen
bless	siunata
blessed	siunattu
blessing	siunaus
blessings	siunaukset
bleu	bleu
blight	vitsaus
blighted	tuhonneet
blimp	tähystyspallo
blind	sokea
blinded	sokaisi
blindfold	side
blindfolded	sokkona
blinding	sokaiseva
blindly	sokeasti
blindness	sokeus
blink	räpäytys
blip	täplä
bliss	autuus
blissful	autuas
blister	rakkula
blistering	polttava
blitz	tehokampanja
blizzard	lumimyrsky
bloat	pullistua
bloated	paisunut
blob	möykky
block	lohko
blockade	saarto
blockage	tukos
blockbuster	jymymenestys
blockhead	pölkkypää
blog	blogi
bloke	kaveri
blond	vaalea
blonde	vaalea
blood	veri
bloodbath	verilöyly
bloodhound	verikoira
bloodless	veretön
bloodline	verilinjaa
bloodshed	verenvuodatus
bloodshot	verestävä
bloodstream	verenkierto
bloodthirsty	verenhimoinen
bloody	verinen
bloom	kukinta
bloomers	bloomers
blooming	kukoistava
blossom	kukka
blot	häpeäpilkku
blotched	blotched
blotter	imuri
blouse	pusero
blow	isku
blower	puhallin
blowfish	blowfish
blowing	puhaltaa
blowjob	suihin
blown	puhalletaan
blowout	rengasrikko
blowtorch	puhalluslamppu
blubber	parkua
bluddy	bluddy
blue	sininen
blue spruce	sininen kuusi
blueberry	mustikka
bluebird	sinikka
bluegrass	bluegrass
bluejay	bluejay
blueprint	suunnitelma
blues	blues
bluff	bluffi
bluish	sinertävä
blunder	kömmähdys
blunt	tylppä
blur	hämärtää
blurred	näön
blurry	epäselvä
blurt	möläyttää
blush	punastua
blushing	punastuminen
boa	NO TRANSLATION
boa constrictor	NO TRANSLATION
boar	villisika
board	lauta
board game	lautapeli
boarder	NO TRANSLATION
boarding	nouseminen
boardroom	kokoushuone
boards	levyt
boardwalk	puinen jalkakäytävä
boast	ylpeillä
boastful	leuhka
boasting	kehua
boat	vene
boathouse	venevaja
boating	veneily
boatload	boatload
boatman	soutaja
bobbin	puola
bobcat	punailves
bobsled	rattikelkka
bode	enteillä
bodega	Bodega
bodice	miehusta
bodily	ruumiillinen
body	ruumis
bodyguard	henkivartija
bog	suo
bogey	mörkö
bogeyman	mörkö
bogus	väärä
bohemian	boheemi
boil	kiehua
boiler	höyrykattila
boilerplate	täytetekstiä
boiling	kiehuva
boisterous	riehakas
bold	rohkea
boldness	rohkeus
bollocks	kivekset
bolster	vahvistaa
bolt	pultti
bolus	bolus
bomb	pommi
bombard	pommittaa
bombardier	pommittaja
bombardment	pommitus
bombed	pommitti
bomber	pommikone
bombers	pommikoneet
bombing	pommitus
bombshell	pommi
bonanza	kultakaivos
bonbon	NO TRANSLATION
bond	side
bondage	orjuus
bonding	liimaus
bonds	joukkovelkakirjat
bondsman	maaorja
bone	luu
bonehead	BONEHEAD
boner	karkea virhe
bones	luut
bonfire	kokko
bong	bong
bonkers	hullu
bonne	NO TRANSLATION
bonnet	konepelti
bonny	pulska
bonsai	bonsai
bonus	bonus
bony	luinen
boo	pöö
boob	töppäys
booby	hölmö
booger	Booger
boogeyman	mörkö
boogie	boogie
book	kirja
bookcase	kirjahylly
bookie	vedonvälittäjä
booking	varaus
bookish	kirjaviisas
bookkeeper	kirjanpitäjä
bookkeeping	kirjanpito
booklet	kirjanen
bookmaker	vedonvälittäjä
bookmark	kirjanmerkki
books	kirjat
bookseller	kirjakauppias
bookshop	kirjakauppa
bookstore	kirjakauppa
bookworm	lukutoukka
boom	puomi
boomer	boomer
boomerang	bumerangi
booming	kukoistaa
boon	siunaus
boooo	NO TRANSLATION
boost	edistää
booster	tehostin
boot	saapas
booth	koppi
bootleg	laiton
bootlegger	viinatrokari
boots	kengät
booty	ryöstösaalis
booze	viina
bop	isku
bopper	bopper
border	reunus
bordering	reunuksen
borderline	raja
bore	porausreikä
boreal	pohjoinen
bored	kyllästynyt
boredom	ikävystyminen
borer	pora
boring	tylsää
born	syntynyt
boron	boori
borough	kauppala
borrow	lainata
borrower	lainaaja
bosom	povi
boss	pomo
bossy	määräilevä
boston	Boston
botanical	kasvitieteellinen
botanist	kasvitieteilijä
botany	kasvitiede
bother	vaivautua
bothering	kiusaa
bottle	pullo
bottleneck	pullonkaula
bottling	pullotus
bottom	pohja
bottomless	pohjaton
botulism	botulismi
boulder	siirtolohkare
bounce	pomppia
bouncer	ulosheittäjä
bouncy	pirteä
bound	sidottu
boundary	raja
boundless	rajaton
bounds	rajat
bountiful	runsas
bounty	anteliaisuus
bouquet	kukkakimppu
bourbon	bourbon
bourgeois	porvari
bourgeoisie	porvaristo
bourse	pörssi
bout	ottelu
boutique	putiikki
bouttime	jo aikakin
bovine	nauta
bow	keula-
bowed	kumarsi
bowel	suoli
bowels	suolisto
bowl	kulho
bowler	keilaaja
bowling	keilailu
bowls	kulhot
box	laatikko
boxcar	boxcar
boxer	nyrkkeilijä
boxers	nyrkkeilijät
boxing	nyrkkeily
boy	poika
boycott	boikotoida
boyfriend	poikaystävä
boyhood	poikavuodet
boyish	poikamainen
boysenberry	boysenmarjaa
bozo	bozo
bra	rintaliivit
brace	ahdin
bracelet	ranneke
braces	olkaimet
brachial	hartian
bracket	kannatin
brackets	sulkeet
brackish	suolapitoinen
brad	brad
brag	kerskailla
braid	punos
brain	aivot
brainless	lahjaton
brains	äly
brainstorm	neronleimaus
brainwash	aivopestä
brainy	fiksu
brake	jarru
bran	leseet
branch	haara
branching	haarautuvan
brand	brändi
brandy	brandy
brash	röyhkeä
brass	messinki
brass knuckle	messinkikiekkoa
brassiere	rintaliivit
brat	kakara
bratwurst	Bratwurst
bravado	uhmakkuus
brave	urhea
bravery	urhoollisuus
brawl	rähinä
brawn	lihakset
brazen	röyhkeä
breach	rikkominen
bread	leipä
breadth	leveys
break	tauko
breakable	särkyviä
breakaway	irrottautua
breakdown	hajota
breaker	murskaaja
breakers	ristiaallokko
breakfast	aamiainen
breaking and entering	murtautuminen ja sisäänpääsy
breakingnews	Viimeisimmät uutiset
breakneck	hengenvaarallinen
breakthrough	läpimurto
breakup	erota
breast	rinta
breath	hengitys
breathe	hengittää
breather	hengähtää
breathless	hengästynyt
breathtaking	henkeäsalpaava
breech	takapuoli
breeches	polvihousut
breed	rotu
breeder	kasvattaja
breeding	kasvattaminen
breeze	tuulahdus
breezy	reipas
brethren	veljet
breve	NO TRANSLATION
brevity	lyhyys
brew	hautua
brewery	panimo
brewing	panimo
briar	visapiippu
bribe	lahjoa
bribery	lahjonta
brick	tiili
bridal	morsiamen
bride	morsian
bridegroom	sulhanen
bridesmaid	morsiusneito
bridge	silta
bridle	suitset
brief	lyhyt
briefcase	salkku
briefing	tiedotustilaisuus
briefly	lyhyesti
brig	priki
brigade	prikaati
bright	kirkas
brighten	kirkastaa
brightens	Kirkastaa
brighter	kirkkaampi
brightness	kirkkaus
brilliance	loisto
brilliant	loistava
brim	lieri
brimming	kuohui
brimstone	tulikivi
brine	suolavesi
bring	tuoda
brink	Brink
brisk	reipas
brisket	rinta
bristle	harjas
brittle	hauras
bro	bro
broach	puhkaista
broad	laaja
broadcast	lähettää
broadcasting	lähetystoiminta
broaden	laajentaa
broadside	kyljittäin
broadsword	lyömämiekka
brocade	brokadi
broccoli	parsakaali
brochure	esite
broil	paahtaa
broke	mursi
broken	rikki
brokenheart	NO TRANSLATION
brokenhearted	särkynyt
broker	välittäjä
brokerage	välityspalkkio
bromide	bromidi
bronco	mustangi
bronze	pronssi
brooch	rintaneula
brood	jälkikasvu
brooding	hautovan
brook	puro
broom	luuta
broomstick	luudanvarsi
broth	lihaliemi
brothel	bordelli
brother	veli
brotherhood	veljeys
brotherly	veljellinen
brow	otsa
brown	ruskea
brownstone	Brownstone
browse	selailla
brrr	brrr
bruise	mustelma
bruising	mustelmia
brunch	brunssi
brunette	ruskeaverikkö
brunt	brunt
brush	harjata
brutal	julma
brutality	raakuus
brute	eläimellinen
brutish	eläimellinen
bubble	kupla
bubbling	kuplivaa
bubbly	kupliva
bubonic	bubonic
buck	pukki
buckaroo	Buckaroo
bucket	ämpäri
buckle	solki
buckled	buckled
bucko	Bucko
buckshot	karkeat haulit
buckwheat	tattari
bud	nuppu
buddha	Buddha
buddhism	buddhalaisuus
buddhist	buddhalainen
budding	orastava
buddy	kaveri
budge	perääntyä
budget	talousarvio
buff	harrastaja
buffalo	puhveli
buffer	puskuri
buffering	puskurointi
buffet	noutopöytä
buffoon	pelle
bug	vika
bugaboo	mörkö
bugged	salakuunnella
bugger	roisto
buggy	lastenvaunut
bugle	toitottaa
bugler	Bugler
build	rakentaa
builder	rakentaja
building	rakennus
buildings	rakennukset
buildup	rakentaa
bulb	polttimo
bulbous	sipulimainen
bulge	pullistuma
bulimic	bulimic
bulk	pääosa
bulkhead	väliseinä
bulky	iso
bull	sonni
bulldog	bulldoggi
bulldozer	puskutraktori
bullet	luoti
bulletin	tiedotuslehti
bulletproof	luodinkestävä
bullfighter	härkätaistelija
bullfrog	Bullfrog
bullheaded	härkäpäinen
bullhorn	bullhorn
bullion	harkot
bullock	härkä
bullpen	Bulldoggitapaamiset
bullshit	paskapuhe
bully	kiusata
bulwark	suoja
bum	pylly
bumblebee	Kimalaiset
bummed	bummed
bummer	bummer
bump	kolahtaa
bumper	puskuri
bumpy	kuoppainen
bun	NO TRANSLATION
bunch	kimppu
bundle	nippu
bungalow	bungalow
bungee	benji
bunghole	tapinreikä
bunion	vaivaisenluu
bunk	kerrossänky
bunker	bunkkeri
bunkhouse	kämppä
bunny	pupu
bunt	bunt
buoy	poiju
buoyancy	kelluvuus
buoyant	kelluva
bur	takiainen
burden	taakka
burdened	rasittaa
burdensome	rasittava
bureau	toimisto
bureaucracy	byrokratia
bureaucrat	byrokraatti
bureaucratic	byrokraattinen
burger	hampurilainen
burglar	murtovaras
burglary	murtovarkaus
burial	hautaaminen
buried	haudattu
burke	Burke
burlap	säkkikangas
burlesque	burleski
burly	vanttera
burn	polttaa
burned	poltettu
burner	poltin
burning	palaa
burnished	kiillotettu
burnout	loppuun palaminen
burnt	palanut
burp	röyhtäyttää
burr	hurina
burrito	burrito
burro	NO TRANSLATION
burrow	kolo
bursary	stipendi
burst	räjähtää
bury	haudata
bus	bussi
busboy	busboy
bush	Puska
bushel	vakka
bushy	tuuhea
business	liiketoiminta
business man	NO TRANSLATION
businessman	liikemies
businesswoman	liikenainen
busload	busload
buss	buss
bust	rintakuva
busted	murrettu
buster	kaveri
bustle	vilske
bustling	touhukas
busy	kiireinen
busybody	touhottaja
butane	butaani
butcher	lihakauppias
butler	hovimestari
butt	pusku
butter	voi
buttercup	leinikki
butterfly	perhonen
buttermilk	piimä
butterscotch	kermatoffee
buttery	voinen
buttock	pakara
buttocks	takapuoli
button	nappi
buttress	tukipilari
buxom	uhkea
buy	ostaa
buyer	ostaja
buying	ostaminen
buzz	sirinä
buzzard	hiirihaukka
buzzed	buzzed
buzzer	summeri
buzzing	pörinä
bye	Hei hei
bygone	mennyt
bylaw	annetun lain
byline	byline
bypass	ohittaa
bystander	sivustakatsoja
byte	tavu
byzantine	bysanttilainen
cab	ohjaamo
cabal	salaliitto
cabana	Cabana
cabaret	kabaree
cabbage	kaali
cabbie	cabbie
cabernet	cabernet
cabin	hytti
cabinet	kaappi
cable	kaapeli
caboodle	roikka
caboose	kapyysi
cabriolet	kabrioletti
cache	kätkö
cacophony	kakofonia
cactus	kaktus
cad	moukka
cadaver	ruumis
caddie	NO TRANSLATION
caddy	teerasia
cadence	kadenssi
cadet	kadetti
cafe	kahvila
cafeteria	kahvio
caffeine	kofeiini
cage	häkki
cagey	vaitelias
cahoots	toveruus
cairn	rajapyykki
cake	kakku
cakewalk	Cakewalk
calamari	mustekalaa
calamitous	tuhoisa
calamity	katastrofi
calcareous	kalkkipitoinen
calcium	kalsium
calculate	laskea
calculated	laskettu
calculating	laskettaessa
calculation	laskeminen
calculator	laskin
calculus	laskenta
calendar	kalenteri
calender	NO TRANSLATION
calf	vasikka
caliber	kaliiperi
calibrate	kalibroida
calico	kalikoo
calipers	jarrusatulat
calisthenics	plastinen voimistelu
call	puhelu
callback	soita takaisin
caller	soittaja
calligraphy	kaunokirjoitus
calling	kutsumus
callous	tunteeton
calls	puhelut
calm	rauhoittaa
calming	rauhoittava
calmness	tyyneys
caloric	kalorien
calorie	kalori
calorimeter	kalorimetri
cam	epäkesko
camaraderie	toveruus
camber	kallistaa
camcorder	videokamera
camel	kameli
cameo	kamee
camera	kamera
cameraman	kuvaaja
camisole	paita
camouflage	naamiointi
camouflaged	NO TRANSLATION
camp	leiri
campaign	kampanja
campaigner	taisteleva
campaigning	kampanjointia
camper	asuntoauto
campfire	nuotio
camping	telttailu
campsite	leirintäalue
campus	kampus
can	voida
can opener	Purkinavaaja
canal	kanava
canary	kanarialintu
cancel	peruuttaa
canceling	peruuttaminen
cancellation	peruutus
cancer	syöpä
candid	vilpitön
candidacy	ehdokkuus
candidate	ehdokas
candied	sokeroitu
candle	kynttilä
candlelight	kynttilänvalo
candles	kynttilät
candlestick	kynttilänjalka
candor	vilpittömyys
candy	karamelli
cane	ruoko
canine	koiran-
canister	kranaatti
canker	syöpä
cannabis	kannabis
canned	purkitettu
cannibal	kannibaali
cannibalism	kannibalismi
canning	purkittaminen
cannon	tykki
cannonball	tykinkuula
canoe	kanootti
canon	kaanon
canonical	kanoninen
canons	tykeillä
canopy	kuomu
cantaloupe	verkkomeloni
cantbreathe	NO TRANSLATION
canteen	ruokala
canterbury	Canterbury
canthandleit	NO TRANSLATION
cantilever	konsoli
cantina	Cantina
canto	NO TRANSLATION
canton	Canton
cantstandit	NO TRANSLATION
cantwin	cantwin
canvas	kangas
canvass	NO TRANSLATION
canyon	kanjoni
cap	korkki
capability	valmiudet
capable	kykenevä
capacity	kapasiteetti
cape	viitta
caper	kapris
capillary	kapillaari
capital	iso alkukirjain
capitalism	kapitalismi
capitalist	kapitalisti
capitalize	pääomittaa
capitals	pääkaupungeissa
capitation	henkivero
capitol	kongressitalo
capitulation	antautuminen
cappuccino	cappuccino
caprice	oikku
capricious	oikukas
caps	korkit
capslock	capslock
capsule	kapseli
captain	kapteeni
caption	kuvateksti
captivate	valloittaa
captivating	valloittava
captive	vangittu
captivity	vankeus
captor	vangitsija
capture	kaapata
car	auto
caramel	karamelli
carat	karaatti
caravan	asuntovaunu
carbon	hiili
carburetor	kaasutin
carcass	ruho
carcinoma	karsinooma
card	kortti-
cardboard	pahvi
cardiac	sydämen
cardigan	neuletakki
cardinal	kardinaali
cardiologist	kardiologi
cardiology	kardiologia
cardiomyopathy	kardiomyopatia
cards	kortit
care	hoito
career	ura
carefree	huoleton
careful	varovainen
carefully	huolellisesti
careless	varomaton
carelessness	varomattomuus
caress	hyväillä
caret	caret
caretaker	talonmies
cargo	lasti
caribou	karibu
caricature	karikatyyri
caries	karies
caring	huolehtiva
carjack	carjack
carnage	verilöyly
carnal	lihallinen
carnation	neilikka
carnival	karnevaali
carnivorous	lihansyöjä-
carol	joululaulu
carols	joululauluja
carousel	karuselli
carp	karppi
carpal	carpal
carpenter	puuseppä
carpentry	kirvesmiehen
carpet	matto
carpeting	matot
carpool	Kimppakyyti
carriage	vaunu
carried	kuljettaa
carrier	kantaja
carrot	porkkana
carry	kuljettaa
carrying	kuljettaa
carsick	carsick
cart	kärry
carte	NO TRANSLATION
cartel	kartelli
carter	carter
cartilage	rusto
cartographic	kartografisia
cartography	kartografia
carton	kartonki
cartoon	sarjakuva
cartouche	NO TRANSLATION
cartridge	patruuna
carve	paloitella
carver	veistäjä
carving	veistos
cascade	ryöpytä
case	tapaus
casein	kaseiini
cash	Käteinen raha
cashier	kassanhoitaja
cashmere	kasmirmatto
casing	kotelo
casino	kasino
cask	tynnyri
casket	ruumisarkku
casserole	vuoka
cassette	kasetti
cast	heittää
castaway	haaksirikkoinen
caste	kasti
caster	pyörä
castle	linna
castor	pyörä
castrate	kuohita
castration	kastraatio
casual	rento
casually	rennosti
casualty	uhri
cat	kissa
catabolism	hajoamista
catalog	luettelo
catalogue	luettelo
catalysis	katalyysi
catalyst	katalyytti
catalytic	katalyyttinen
catamaran	katamaraani
catapult	ritsa
cataract	kaihi
catastrophe	katastrofi
catastrophic	katastrofaalinen
catatonic	catatonic
catch	ottaa kiinni
catcher	sieppari
catching	tarttuva
catchphrase	catchphrase
catchy	tarttuva
catechism	katekismus
categorical	kategorinen
category	kategoria
cater	tyydyttää
caterer	pitopalvelu
caterpillar	toukka
cates	Cates
catfish	monni
cathartic	katarttinen
cathedral	katedraali
catheter	katetri
catholic	katolinen
cathouse	cathouse
catnip	catnip
cattle	karja
catwalk	käyntilankku
caucus	vaalitoimikunta
caudal	häntä-
cauldron	pata
cauliflower	kukkakaali
caulk	tilkitä
causal	kausaalinen
causality	syy-yhteys
causation	syy-yhteys
cause	syy
caused	aiheutti
causeway	pengertie
caution	varovaisuus
cautionary	varoittava
cautious	varovainen
cautiously	varovasti
cavalier	huoleton
cavalry	ratsuväki
cave	luola
caveat	varoitus
caveman	luolaihminen
cavern	luola
cavernous	luolamainen
caviar	kaviaari
caving	luhistua
cavity	onkalo
cayenne	cayennenpippuri
cease	lopettaa
ceasefire	tulitaukoa
ceaseless	lakkaamaton
cedar	setri
cede	luovuttaa
ceiling	katto
celebrant	juhlija
celebrate	juhlia
celebrated	juhlittu
celebrating	juhlii
celebration	juhla
celebrations	juhlia
celebratory	juhlallinen
celebrity	julkkis
celery	selleri
celestial	taivaallinen
celibacy	selibaatti
celibate	naimaton
cell	solu
cellar	kellari
cellblock	selliosasto
cellist	sellisti
cellmate	sellikaverillasi
cello	sello
cellophane	kelmu
cellular	solu
cellulite	selluliitti
celluloid	selluloidi
cement	sementti
cemented	sementoitu
cemetery	hautausmaa
censor	sensuroida
censorship	sensuuri
censure	arvostella
census	väestönlaskenta
cent	sentti
centenary	satavuotisjuhla
centennial	satavuotisjuhla
center	keskusta
centerfold	keskiaukeaman
centerpiece	keskipiste
centimeter	senttimetri
centipede	tuhatjalkainen
central	keskus-
centrality	keskeinen asema
centralization	keskittäminen
centralize	keskittää
centrally	keskeisesti
centrifugal	keskipakoinen
centrifuge	linko
centurion	sadanpäämies
century	vuosisata
ceramic	keraaminen
ceramics	keramiikka
cereal	vilja
cereals	vilja
cerebral	aivojen
ceremonial	seremoniallinen
ceremony	seremonia
certain	tietty
certainty	varmuus
certifiable	sertifioitavissa
certificate	todistus
certified	varmennettu
certify	varmentaa
cervical	kohdunkaulan
cervix	kohdunkaula
cess	Cess
cessation	lakkaaminen
cesspool	likakaivo
cha cha	NO TRANSLATION
chaff	akanat
chafing	hankautuneet
chagrin	mielipaha
chagrined	harmistunut
chai	chai
chain	ketju
chainsaw	moottorisaha
chair	tuoli
chairman	puheenjohtaja
chairperson	puheenjohtaja
chairwoman	puheenjohtaja
chaise	kiesit
chalet	alppimaja
chalice	malja
chalk	liitu-
challenge	haaste
challenger	haastaja
chamber	kammio
chambermaid	huonesiivooja
chambers	kammiot
chameleon	kameleontti
champ	mestari
champagne	samppanja
champion	mestari
championship	mestaruus
chance	mahdollisuus
chancellor	liittokansleri
chandelier	kattokruunu
chandler	kynttiläkauppias
change	muuttaa
changeable	vaihteleva
changed	muutettu
changer	vaihtaja
changing	vaihtaa
channel	kanava
chant	laulaa
chaos	kaaos
chaotic	kaoottinen
chap	mies
chapel	kappeli
chaperon	kaitsija
chaplain	kappalainen
chapman	Chapman
chaps	nahkahousut
chapter	luku
char	hiiltyä
character	merkki
characteristic	luonteenomainen
characterize	kuvata
charade	farssi
charcoal	puuhiili
chardonnay	chardonnay
charge	veloittaa
chargeable	maksu
charger	laturi
chariot	sotavaunut
charisma	karisma
charismatic	karismaattinen
charitable	hyväntekeväisyys-
charity	hyväntekeväisyys
charlatan	huijari
charm	viehätys
charmed	onnekas
charmer	hurmuri
charming	viehättävä
charred	hiiltynyt
chart	kartoittaa
charter	perustamiskirja
chartered	vuokrattu
chase	ajaa takaa
chased	pakotettu
chaser	kyytipoika
chasm	kuilu
chassis	alusta
chaste	siveä
chastened	kuritetaan
chastisement	kuritus
chastity	siveys
chat	jutella
chateau	linna
chatter	pulista
chatterbox	lörppö
chattering	kalisten
chatty	puhelias
chauffeur	autonkuljettaja
chauvinist	shovinisti
cheap	halpa
cheapened	halvennetaan
cheapskate	kitupiikki
cheat	huijata
cheater	pettäjä
check	tarkistaa
checkbook	shekkivihko
checker	tarkistaja
checkered	ruudullinen
checkers	tammi
checklist	tarkistuslista
checkmate	shakki Matti
checkout	Tarkista
checkpoint	tarkastusasema
checkup	tarkistaa
cheek	poski
cheeks	posket
cheeky	röyhkeä
cheep	piipittää
cheer	hurrata
cheered	piristi
cheerful	iloinen
cheerfulness	iloisuus
cheering	hurraavat
cheerleader	cheerleader
cheerleading	cheerleading
cheerless	iloton
cheers	Kippis
cheery	pirteä
cheese	juusto
cheeseburger	juustohampurilainen
cheesecake	juustokakku
cheesy	juustoinen
cheetah	gepardi
chef	kokki
chemical	kemiallinen
chemise	NO TRANSLATION
chemist	kemisti
chemistry	kemia
chemo	chemo
chemotherapy	kemoterapia
cheque	tarkistaa
cherish	vaalia
cherishing	vaalimista
cherry	kirsikka
cherub	kerubi
chess	shakki
chest	rinta
chestnut	kastanja
chevron	hihamerkki
chew	pureskella
chewy	sitkeä
chic	tyylikäs
chicane	juoni
chick	tipu
chicken	kana
chicken pox	vesirokko
chickenpox	vesirokko
chief	päällikkö
chiefly	pääasiassa
chieftain	päällikkö
chiffon	sifonki
child	lapsi
childbirth	synnytys
childhood	lapsuus
childish	lapsellinen
childless	lapseton
childlike	lapsekas
childloss	NO TRANSLATION
children	lapset
chili	chili
chill	kylmyys
chilled	jäähdytetty
chilling	hyytävä
chilly	kolea
chime	soida
chimera	kauhukuva
chimes	kellopeli
chimney	savupiippu
chimp	simpanssi
chimpanzee	simpanssi
chin	leuka
china	Kiina
chinchilla	tshintshilla
chine	NO TRANSLATION
chinook	chinook
chip	siru
chipmunk	maaorava
chipper	hakkuri
chipping	haketus
chiropractor	kiropraktikko
chirp	visertää
chirping	viserrystä
chisel	taltta
chiseler	chiseler
chit	lappu
chitchat	juoruilu
chivalry	ritaristo
chloride	kloridi
chlorine	kloori
chloroform	kloroformi
chocolate	suklaa
choice	valinta
choir	kuoro
choke	tukehtua
cholera	kolera
cholesterol	kolesteroli
choose	valita
choosing	valitsevat
choosy	nirso
chop	pilkkoa
chopper	helikopteri
choppers	helikopterit
chopping	paloittelu
chops	leuat
choral	kuoro-
chord	sointu
chords	sointuja
chore	puuha
choreographer	koreografi
choreography	koreografia
chorus	kertosäe
chosen	valittu
chow	ruoka
chowder	chowder
christ	Kristus
christen	NO TRANSLATION
christening	kaste
christian	kristillinen
christmas	joulu
christmasbreak	NO TRANSLATION
christmaseve	NO TRANSLATION
christmasspirit	NO TRANSLATION
christmassy	jouluinen
christmastime	joulun aika
chromatic	kromaattinen
chromatography	kromatografia
chrome	kromi
chromium	kromi
chromosome	kromosomi
chronic	krooninen
chronicle	kronikka
chronograph	ajanoton
chronological	kronologinen
chubby	pullea
chuck	heittää
chuckle	hihittää
chug	säksättää
chum	kaveri
chummy	seurallinen
chump	pölkkypää
chunk	kimpale
chunky	paksu
church	kirkko
churchyard	hautausmaa
churn	kirnu
chute	ränni
chutney	kirpeä maustekastike
ciao	Ciao
cider	siideri
cigar	sikari
cigarette	savuke
cilantro	korianteri
cinch	RCA
cinder	kuona
cinema	elokuva
cinematic	elokuvamainen
cinematographer	Kuvaaja
cinematography	elokuvaus
cinnamon	kaneli
cipher	salakirjoitus
circle	ympyrä
circling	kiertolähestyminen
circuit	piiri
circuitry	piiri
circular	pyöreä
circulate	kiertää
circulation	verenkierto
circulatory	verenkierto-
circumcision	ympärileikkaus
circumference	ympärysmitta
circumferential	kehän
circumscribed	rajattu
circumstance	seikka
circumstances	olosuhteet
circumstantial	seikkaperäinen
circumvent	kiertää
circumvention	kiertäminen
circus	sirkus
cirque	Cirque
cirrhosis	kirroosi
cirrus	cirrus
cistern	vesisäiliö
citadel	linnoitus
citation	lainaus
cite	siteerata
citizen	kansalainen
citizenship	kansalaisuus
citrine	citrine
citrus	sitrushedelmien
city	kaupunki
citywide	kaupunginlaajuinen
civic	kansalais-
civics	yhteiskuntaoppi
civil	siviili-
civilian	siviili-
civilians	siviilejä
civility	kohteliaisuus
civilization	sivistys
civilized	sivistynyt
clad	pukeutunut
claim	vaatimus
claimant	hakija
clairvoyant	selvänäkijä
clam	simpukka
clambake	clambake
clammy	nihkeä
clamor	meteli
clamp	puristin
clan	klaani
clandestine	luvaton
clang	kalahtaa
clap	taputtaa
clapper	läppä
clapping	taputus
clarification	selvennys
clarify	selventää
clarinet	klarinetti
clarion	clarino
clarity	selkeys
clash	yhteentörmäys
clashing	clashing
clasp	lukko
class	luokka
classic	klassikko
classic rock	klassinen rock
classical	klassinen
classics	klassikoita
classification	luokittelu
classified	luokiteltu
classify	luokitella
classmate	luokkatoveri
classroom	luokkahuone
classy	tyylikäs
clatter	kopista
clause	lauseke
clauses	lausekkeita
claustrophobia	klaustrofobia
claustrophobic	klaustrofobinen
clavicle	solisluu
claw	kynsiä
claws	kynnet
clay	savi
clean	puhdas
cleaner	siivooja
cleaning	puhdistus
cleanliness	puhtaus
cleanly	siististi
cleanse	puhdistaa
cleanser	puhdistusaine
cleansing	puhdistus
cleanup	siivota
clear	asia selvä
clearance	raivaaminen
clearing	clearing
clearness	selvyys
cleat	tappi
cleavage	pilkkominen
cleave	lohkaista
cleaver	NO TRANSLATION
clef	nuottiavain
cleft	halkeama
clemency	laupeus
clench	tarttua lujasti
clergy	papisto
clergyman	pappi
cleric	pappi
clerical	toimisto-
clerk	virkailija
clerkship	clerkship
clever	taitava
cleverness	nokkeluutta
click	klikkaus
clicker	Clicker
client	asiakas
clientele	asiakaskunta
cliff	rantakallio
climate	ilmasto
climatology	klimatologian
climax	huipentuma
climb	kiivetä
climber	kiipeilijä
clinch	syleily
cling	takertua
clingy	takertuva
clinic	klinikka
clinical	kliininen
clink	kilinä
clip	klipsi
clipboard	leikepöydälle
clipper	leikkuri
clipping	lehtileike
clique	NO TRANSLATION
clitoris	klitoris
cloak	viitta
cloaking	peittämistä
cloakroom	vaatesäilö
clobber	hakata
clock	kello
clockwork	kellokoneisto
clod	paakku
clog	tukkia
cloister	luostari
clone	klooni
cloning	kloonaus
close	kiinni
closed	suljettu
closeness	läheisyys
closet	komero
closure	päättäminen
clot	hyytyä
cloth	kangas
clothe	vaatettaa
clothes	vaatteet
clothesline	pyykkinarulla
clothing	vaatetus
cloud	pilvi
clouded	sumea
cloudiness	pilvisyys
clouds	pilviä
cloudy	pilvinen
clout	vaikutusvalta
clove	kynsi
clover	apila
cloves	mausteneilikka
clown	klovni
clowns	pellet
club	klubi
clubhouse	kerhotalo
clubs	risti
cluck	kotkotus
clue	vihje
clueless	clueless
clump	tallustella
clumsy	kömpelö
clunk	kalahtaa
cluster	rykelmä
clutch	kytkin
clutches	kytkimet
clutter	epäjärjestys
coach	valmentaja
coachman	kuski
coagulation	hyytyminen
coal	kivihiili
coalesce	sulautua yhteen
coalition	koalitio
coarse	karkea
coast	rannikko
coastal	rannikko-
coaster	lasinalunen
coastline	rannikko
coat	takki
coating	pinnoite
coax	houkutella
cobalt	koboltti
cobble	mukulakivi
cobbler	suutari
cobra	kobra
cocaine	kokaiini
cock	kukko
cockamamie	cockamamie
cockeyed	kierosilmäinen
cockpit	ohjaamo
cockroach	torakka
cocksucker	cocksucker
cocktail	cocktail
cocky	itserakas
cocoa	kaakao
coconut	kookospähkinä
cocoon	koteloida
cod	turska
code	koodi
codeine	kodeiini
codex	Codex
codfish	turska
codification	kodifiointi
codify	kodifioida
coding	koodaus
coed	yhteiskoulun
coefficient	kerroin
coerce	hallita pakolla
coercion	pakko
coercive	pakottava
coexist	olla yhtä aikaa olemassa
coexistence	rinnakkaiselo
coexisting	rinnakkaisalueella
coffee	kahvi
coffee table	kahvipöytä
coffeehouse	kahvila
coffeepot	kahvipannu
coffin	ruumisarkku
cog	hammas
cogent	vakuuttava
cognac	konjakki
cognate	sukulais-
cognition	kognitio
cognitive	kognitiivinen
cohabitation	avoliitto
coherence	yhtenäisyys
coherent	johdonmukainen
cohesion	koheesio
cohesive	yhtenäinen
cohort	kohortti
coil	kela
coiled	coiled
coin	kolikko
coinage	rahajärjestelmä
coincide	yhtyvät
coincidence	yhteensattuma
coincident	yhtäpitävä
coincidental	satunnainen
coinciding	yhtyvät
coke	koksi
cola	kolajuoma
cold	kylmä
coldly	kylmästi
coldness	kylmyys
coldsweat	NO TRANSLATION
coleslaw	kaalisalaatti
colic	koliikki
coliseum	Coliseum
collaborate	tehdä yhteistyötä
collaboration	yhteistyö
collaborator	työtoveri
collage	kollaasi
collagen	kollageeni
collapse	romahdus
collar	kaulus
collarbone	solisluu
collate	koota
collateral	vakuuksia
collation	vertailu
colleague	kollega
collect	kerätä
collected	koottu
collection	kokoelma
collective	kollektiivinen
collectively	kollektiivisesti
collector	keräilijä
college	college
collegiate	kollegiaalinen
collide	törmäävät
collie	skotlanninpaimenkoira
collision	törmäys
collocation	kollokaatio
colloquial	puhekielen
collusion	salainen sopimus
cologne	Köln
colon	kaksoispiste
colonel	eversti
colonial	siirtomaa-
colonic	paksusuolen
colonoscopy	kolonoskopia
colony	siirtomaa
colophon	kolofonissa
color	väri-
coloration	väri
colored	värillinen
colorful	värikäs
coloring	väritys
colorless	väritön
colors	värit
colossal	jättiläismäinen
colt	orivarsa
columbine	akileija
column	sarake
columnar	columnar
columnist	kolumnisti
com	NO TRANSLATION
coma	kooma
comatose	tajuton
comb	kampa
combat	taistelu
combatant	taistelija
combative	taistelunhaluinen
combination	yhdistelmä
combinatorial	kombinatorisista
combine	yhdistää
combined	Yhdistetty
combo	combo
combustible	palava
combustion	palaminen
come	tulla
comeback	tule takaisin
comedian	koomikko
comedy	komedia
comet	komeetta
comfort	mukavuus
comfortable	mukava
comforter	lohduttaja
comforting	lohdullinen
comfy	mukava
comic	koominen
comical	koominen
comics	sarjakuvat
coming	tuleva
comma	pilkku
command	komento
commandant	komendantti
commandeer	pakko-ottaa
commander	komentaja
commanding	komentava
commandment	käsky
commando	kommandomies
commemorate	muistoksi
commemoration	muistojuhla
commemorative	muisto-
commence	aloittaa
commend	kiittää
commendable	kiitettävä
commendation	kiitos
commensurate	oikeassa
comment	kommentti
commentary	selostus
commentator	kommentaattori
commerce	kaupankäynti
commercial	kaupallinen
commie	kommari
commissary	kanttiini
commission	komissio
commissioner	komissaari
commit	sitoutumaan
commitment	sitoutuminen
committal	passitus
committed	sitoutunut
committee	komitea
commodity	hyödyke
commodore	kommodori
common	yhteinen
commoner	aateliton
commonly	yleisesti
commonplace	arkipäiväinen
commons	commons
commonwealth	kansainyhteisön
commotion	hälinä
communal	yhteisöllinen
commune	kunta
communicable	tarttuva
communicate	tiedottaa
communication	viestintä
communicative	viestinnällinen
communicator	kommunikaattori
communion	yhteys
communism	kommunismi
communist	kommunistinen
community	Yhteisö
commutation	työmatkaliikenne
commutative	kommutatiivinen
commute	lieventää
commuter	työmatkalainen
comp	Comp
compact	kompakti
compaction	tiivistys
compactness	tiiviyttä
companion	kumppani
companionless	companionless
companionship	toveruus
company	yhtiö
comparable	vertailukelpoinen
comparative	vertaileva
comparatively	verrattain
compare	vertailla
comparison	vertailu
compartment	lokero
compass	kompassi
compassion	myötätunto
compassionate	myötätuntoinen
compatibility	yhteensopivuus
compatible	yhteensopiva
compel	pakottaa
compelled	pakko
compelling	pakottava
compendium	tiivistelmä
compensate	hyvittää
compensation	korvaus
compensatory	korvaavia
compete	kilpailla
competence	pätevyys
competency	pätevyys
competent	pätevä
competition	kilpailu
competitive	kilpailukykyinen
competitor	kilpailija
compilation	kokoelma
compile	koota
complacency	omahyväisyys
complacent	omahyväinen
complain	kannella
complaint	valitus
complement	täydentää
complementary	täydentävä
complete	saattaa loppuun
completed	valmistunut
completely	täysin
completeness	täydellisyys
completing	Suoritettuaan
completion	valmistuminen
complex	monimutkainen
complexed	kompleksoitu
complexion	ihonväri
complexity	monimutkaisuus
compliance	noudattaminen
compliant	mukautuva
complicate	hankaloittaa
complicated	monimutkainen
complication	komplikaatio
complicity	rikoskumppanuus
compliment	NO TRANSLATION
complimentary	ilmainen
comply	täytettävä
complying	täyttävät
compo	Compo
component	komponentti
compose	säveltää
composed	kokoonpanossa
composer	säveltäjä
composite	yhdistelmä
composition	sävellys
compost	komposti
composure	maltti
compound	yhdiste
comprehend	ymmärtää
comprehension	ymmärtäminen
comprehensive	kattava
compress	puristaa
compressed	tiivistetty
compressible	puristuva
compression	puristus
compressor	kompressori
comprise	käsittää
compromise	vaarantaa
comptroller	tilintarkastaja
compulsion	pakko
compulsive	pakonomainen
compulsory	pakollinen
computable	laskettavissa
computation	laskeminen
compute	laskea
computer	tietokone
computerized	tietokoneistettu
computing	tietojenkäsittely
comrade	toveri
con	NO TRANSLATION
concatenation	ketju
concave	kovera
conceal	salata
concealed	piilotettu
concealment	salaaminen
concede	myöntää
conceit	itserakkaus
conceited	omahyväinen
conceivable	mahdollinen
conceive	ajatella
concentrate	keskittää
concentration	keskittyminen
concentric	samankeskinen
concept	konsepti
conception	käsitys
concern	koskea
concerned	huolestunut
concert	konsertti
concerto	konsertto
concession	myönnytys
concessional	ehdoin
conch	kotilo
concierge	portinvartija
conciliation	sovittelu
concise	suppea
conclave	konklaavi
conclude	solmia
concluding	päätös-
conclusion	johtopäätös
conclusive	ratkaiseva
concoction	keitos
concomitant	liittyvä
concord	sopu
concordance	konkordanssin
concours	NO TRANSLATION
concourse	väenpaljous
concrete	betoni
concubine	jalkavaimo
concur	yhtyä
concurrence	suostumus
concurrent	samanaikainen
concurring	concurring
concussion	aivotärähdys
condemn	tuomita
condemnation	tuomitseminen
condensation	tiivistyminen
condensed	tiivistyneen
condescending	alentuva
condescension	alentuvaisuus
condiment	mauste
condition	kunto
conditional	ehdollinen
conditionally	ehdollisesti
conditioned	loppukäsitellyn
conditioner	hoitoaine
conditioning	ilmastointi
conditions	olosuhteet
condo	huoneisto
condolence	surunvalittelut
condolences	osanottonsa
condom	kondomi
condone	suvaita
condor	kondori
conducive	edistävä
conduct	käytös
conduction	johtuminen
conductivity	johtokyky
conductor	kapellimestari
conduit	putki
cone	kartio
confederacy	valtioliitto
confederate	liittoutunut
confederation	valtioliitto
confer	antaa
conference	konferenssi
confess	tunnustaa
confession	tunnustus
confessional	rippituoli
confessions	Confessions
confetti	konfetit
confidant	uskottu ystävä
confide	tunnustaa jklle
confidence	luottamus
confident	luottavainen
confidential	salassa pidettävä
confidentiality	luottamuksellisuus
confidentially	NO TRANSLATION
configuration	kokoonpano
confine	rajoittaa
confined	rajoitettu
confinement	synnytys
confines	rajojen
confirm	vahvistaa
confirmation	vahvistus
confirmatory	Uudistettujen
confirmed	vahvistettu
confiscate	takavarikoida
confiscation	takavarikointi
conflagration	suurpalo
conflict	konflikti
conflicting	ristiriitainen
confluence	yhtymäkohta
conform	mukautua
conformance	vaatimustenmukaisuuden
conformation	NO TRANSLATION
conformity	yhdenmukaisuus
confound	hämmentää
confounded	kirottu
confront	kohdata
confrontation	yhteenotto
confuse	sekoittaa
confused	hämmentynyt
confusing	hämmentävä
confusion	sekaannus
conga	conga
congenial	samanhenkinen
congenital	synnynnäinen
congestion	ruuhka
conglomerate	monialayritys
conglomeration	rykelmä
congrats	Onnittelut
congratulate	onnitella
congratulation	onnittelu
congratulations	onnea
congratulatory	onnittelu-
congregate	kokoontua
congregation	seurakunta
congress	kongressi
congressional	kongressin
congressman	kansanedustaja
congruence	kongruenssi
conic	kartiomainen
conical	kartiomainen
conjecture	otaksuma
conjugal	aviollinen
conjugate	konjugaatti
conjugation	konjugaatio
conjunction	yhdessä
conjunctive	yhdistetyssä
conjure	loihtia
conjuring	loihtivat
conk	nenä
connect	kytkeä
connected	kytketty
connection	yhteys
connective	yhdistävä
connoisseur	tuntija
conquer	valloittaa
conquering	valloittavat
conqueror	valloittaja
conquest	valloitus
conscience	omatunto
conscientious	tunnollinen
conscious	tajuissaan
consciousness	tajunta
conscription	asevelvollisuus
consecrated	siunattu
consecration	vihkiminen
consecutive	peräkkäinen
consensual	yhteisymmärrykseen
consensus	yhteisymmärrys
consent	suostumus
consenting	suostumuksensa
consequence	seuraus
consequent	seuraava
conservation	säilyttäminen
conservatism	konservatismi
conservative	konservatiivinen
conservatory	konservatorio
conserve	säästää
consider	harkita
considerable	huomattava
considerate	huomaavainen
consideration	harkinta
consignee	vastaanottaja
consignment	tavaralähetys
consist	muodostuvat
consistency	johdonmukaisuus
consistent	johdonmukainen
consolation	lohdutus
console	konsoli
consoled	lohdutti
consolidate	lujittaa
consolidated	konsolidoitu
consolidation	vakauttaminen
consonant	konsonantti
consort	puoliso
conspicuous	silmiinpistävä
conspiracy	salaliitto
conspirator	salaliittolainen
conspire	vehkeillä
constable	poliisikonstaapeli
constancy	muuttumattomuus
constant	jatkuva
constantly	alituisesti
constellation	tähdistö
consternation	tyrmistys
constipation	ummetus
constituency	vaalipiiri
constituent	aineosa
constituents	ainesosia
constitute	muodostaa
constitution	perustuslaki
constitutional	perustuslaillinen
constitutionality	perustuslainmukaisuuden
constrain	rajoittaa
constrained	rajoittavat
constraint	rajoite
construct	rakentaa
construction	rakentaminen
constructive	rakentava
construe	tulkita
consul	konsuli
consulate	konsulaatti
consult	konsultoida
consultant	konsultti
consultation	kuuleminen
consume	kuluttaa
consumer	kuluttaja
consuming	kuluttaa
consummate	täydellistää
consummation	täyttymys
consumption	kulutus
contact	ottaa yhteyttä
contagion	tartunta
contagious	tarttuva
contain	sisältää
container	kontti
containment	hillitseminen
contaminate	saastuttaa
contaminated	saastunut
contamination	saastuminen
contemplate	miettiä
contemplation	miettiminen
contemplative	mietiskelevä
contemporaneous	samanaikainen
contemporary	nykyajan
contempt	ylenkatse
contemptible	halveksittava
contemptuous	halveksiva
contend	väittää
contender	haastaja
contending	väittäen
content	pitoisuus
contented	tyytyväinen
contention	väite
contentious	riidanalainen
contentment	tyytyväisyys
contents	sisällys
contest	kilpailu
contestant	kilpailija
context	konteksti
contiguous	rajakkain
continence	pidättyvyys
continent	maanosa
continental	mannermainen
contingency	ennakoimattomia
contingent	satunnainen
continual	jatkuva
continually	jatkuvasti
continuance	jatkuminen
continuation	jatkaminen
continue	jatkaa
continued	jatkui
continuing	jatkuva
continuity	jatkuvuus
continuous	jatkuva
continuously	jatkuvasti
continuum	jatkumo
contour	muoto
contraband	salakuljetustavara
contraception	ehkäisy
contract	sopimus
contracted	supistui
contractile	supistumiskykyinen
contracting	sopimukselle
contraction	supistuminen
contractor	urakoitsija
contradict	ristiriidassa
contradiction	ristiriitaisuus
contradictory	ristiriitainen
contraption	härveli
contrary	päinvastainen
contrast	kontrasti
contrasted	contrasted
contravene	rikkoa
contravention	rikkomus
contribute	edistävät
contribution	panos
contributor	avustaja
contrite	katuva
contrition	katumus
contrived	teennäinen
control	ohjaus
controller	ohjain
controlling	valvontaan
controversial	kiistanalainen
controversy	kiista
contusion	ruhje
conundrum	arvoitus
convalescent	toipilas-
convection	konvektio
convene	kokoontua
convenience	sopivuus
conveniences	mukavuudet
convenient	mukava
convent	luostari
convention	sopimus
conventional	tavanomainen
converge	yhtyä
convergence	lähentyminen
convergent	konvergentti
conversant	perehtynyt
conversation	keskustelu
conversational	puhekielen
conversationalist	keskustelija
converse	päinvastainen
conversing	keskustellessaan
conversion	muuntaminen
convert	muuntaa
converted	muunnettu
convertible	avoauto
convex	kupera
convexity	kuperuus
convey	välittää
conveyance	kuljetus
conveyancing	luovutuskirjoja
convict	tuomittu
conviction	vakaumus
convince	vakuuttaa
convinced	vakuuttunut
convincing	vakuuttava
convocation	kokous
convoluted	mutkikas
convolution	poimu
convoy	saattue
coo	kujertaa
cook	kokki
cookbook	keittokirja
cooker	liesi
cookery	ruoanlaitto
cookie	pikkuleipä
cookies	keksit
cooking	ruoanlaitto
cookout	cookout
cool	viileä
coolant	jäähdytysneste
cooler	jäähdytin
cooling	jäähdytys
coolness	viileys
coon	neekeri
coop	coop
cooperate	tehdä yhteistyötä
cooperating	yhteistyössä
cooperation	yhteistyö
cooperative	osuuskunta
coordinate	koordinoida
coordination	koordinaatio
coordinator	koordinaattori
cop	poliisi
copacetic	NO TRANSLATION
cope	selviytyä
copier	kopiokone
copilot	lentoperämies
coping	selviytyminen
copious	runsas
copper	kupari-
copter	kopteri
copy	kopio
copycat	apina
copying	kopiointi
copyright	tekijänoikeus
coral	koralli
coral snake	korallikäärme
cord	johto
cordial	sydämellinen
cordless	langaton
cordon	nyöri
corduroy	vakosametti
core	ydin
cork	korkki
corkscrew	korkkiruuvi
corn	maissi
cornball	cornball
cornbread	cornbread
cornea	sarveiskalvo
corned	corned
corner	kulma
cornerstone	kulmakivi
cornet	kornetti
cornfield	viljapelto
cornflakes	NO TRANSLATION
cornice	reunuslista
cornstarch	maissitärkkelys
corny	korni
corollary	luonnollinen seuraus
corona	korona
coronary	sepelvaltimo-
coronation	kruunajaiset
coroner	oikeuslääkäri
corporal	ruumiillinen
corporate	yritys-
corporation	yhtiö
corporeal	ruumiillinen
corps	joukot
corpse	ruumis
corpsman	Corpsman
corpus	corpus
corral	aitaus
correct	oikea
correction	korjaus
correctional	vankeinhoidon
corrective	korjaavia
correctness	oikeellisuutta
correlation	korrelaatio
correlative	korrelatiivinen
correspond	vastata
correspondence	kirjeenvaihto
correspondent	kirjeenvaihtaja
corresponding	vastaava
corridor	käytävä
corroborate	vahvistaa
corroboration	vahvistus
corrosion	korroosio
corrosive	syövyttävä
corrupt	turmeltunut
corrupting	turmelee
corruption	korruptio
corsage	kukkakimppu
corse	NO TRANSLATION
corset	korsetti
cortex	aivokuori
cortical	aivokuoren
cortisone	kortisoni
corvette	korvetti
cosmetic	kosmeettinen
cosmetics	kosmetiikka
cosmic	kosminen
cosmology	kosmologia
cosmopolitan	kosmopoliittinen
cosmos	maailmankaikkeus
cost	kustannus
costly	kallis
costume	puku
cosy	kodikas
cot	vauvansänky
cote	katos
cottage	mökki
cotton	puuvilla
couch	sohva
cougar	puuma
cough	yskä
council	neuvosto
councilman	kaupunginvaltuutettu
counsel	neuvo
counseling	neuvonta
counsellor	neuvonantaja
counselor	neuvonantaja
count	Kreivi
countdown	lähtölaskenta
countenance	ilme
counter	laskuri
counteract	ehkäistä
counterattack	vastahyökkäys
counterbalance	vastapaino
counterclaim	vastakanne
counterfeit	väärennetty
counterpart	vastine
counterpoint	kontrapunkti
countess	kreivitär
countless	lukematon
country	maa
countryman	maanmies
countrymusic	NO TRANSLATION
countryside	maaseutu
counts	laskee
county	lääni
coup	vallankaappaus
coupe	coupe
couple	pari
coupled	kytketty
coupling	kytkentä
coupon	kuponki
courage	rohkeus
courageous	rohkea
courier	kuriiri
courses	kurssit
coursing	jäniksenajo
court	tuomioistuin
courteous	kohtelias
courtesy	kohteliaisuus
courthouse	oikeustalo
courtroom	oikeussali
courts	tuomioistuimet
courtship	kosiskelu
courtside	courtside
courtyard	piha
cousin	serkku
cousins	serkut
cove	lahti
coven	noitapiirin
covenant	liitto
cover	peite
coverage	kattavuus
covered	katettu
covering	päällyste
covert	peitelty
covet	himoita
coveted	himoittu
cow	lehmä
coward	pelkuri
cowardice	pelkuruus
cowardly	raukkamainen
cowboy	cowboy
cowgirl	cowgirl
cowhand	Aloittelija
cowhide	lehmänvuota
cowl	huppu
coworker	työtoveri
coy	kaino
coyote	kojootti
cozy	kodikas
crab	rapu
crabby	äkäinen
crack	crack
cracked	säröillä
cracker	voileipäkeksi
crackerjack	crackerjack
cracking	halkeilua
crackle	ratista
crackpot	hullu
cradle	kehto
craft	alus
crafts	käsityöt
craftsman	käsityöläinen
craftsmanship	ammattitaito
crafty	ovela
craig	Craig
cram	ahtaa
crammed	täyteen ahdettu
cramp	kramppi
cramped	ahdas
cranberry	karpalo
cranberry juice	Karpalomehu
crane	nosturi
cranial	kallon-
cranium	kallo
crank	kampi
cranky	äkäinen
cranny	kolo
crap	paska
crappy	kehno
craps	noppapeli
crash	romahdus
crass	törkeä
crate	kori
crater	kraatteri
crave	haluta kovasti
craving	himo
crawfish	rapu
crawl	ryömiä
crayon	värikynä
crayons	väriliidut
craze	villitys
crazed	hullu
craziness	hulluutta
crazy	hullu
creak	narina
creaking	narisevien
cream	kerma
creamed	kermamuhennettua
creamer	kermakannu
creamy	kermainen
crease	prässi
create	luoda
creation	luominen
creative	luova
creativity	luovuus
creator	luoja
creature	olento
credence	usko
credential	tilitietojen
credentials	valtakirjojen
credibility	uskottavuus
credible	uskottava
credit	luotto
credit card	luottokortti
creditable	kiitettävä
credited	hyvitetään
crediting	hyvittämiseen
creditor	velkoja
creed	uskontunnustus
creek	puro
creep	hiipiä
creeper	köynnös
creeping	hiipivä
creepy	kammottava
cremation	tuhkaus
creole	kreoli
crepe	ohukainen
crescendo	crescendo
crescent	puolikuu
crest	harja
crestfallen	masentunut
cretin	ääliö
cretins	cretins
crevice	rako
crew	miehistö
crewman	miehistön jäsen
crib	seimi
cricket	kriketti
cried	itkenyt
crime	rikollisuus
criminal	rikollinen
criminality	rikollisuus
crimp	röyheltää
crimson	karmiininpunainen
cringe	kyyristyä
cripple	rampa
crippled	rujo
crippling	lamaannuttavan
crisis	kriisi
crisp	terävä
crispy	rapea
criterion	kriteeri
critic	kriitikko
critical	kriittinen
criticise	arvostella
criticism	kritiikki
criticize	arvostella
criticized	arvosteltu
critique	kritiikki
critter	veijari
croak	kurnuttaa
croc	croc
crock	autonromu
crockery	saviastiat
crocodile	krokotiili
croft	torppa
croissant	croissant
crook	roisto
crooked	kiero
crop	sato
croquet	kroketti
cross	ylittää
cross country	hiihtoalue
crossbow	varsijousi
crossed	ristissä
crossfire	ristituli
crossing	ylitys
crossover	crossover
crosswalk	suojatie
crossword	ristisanatehtävä
crotch	haara
crouch	kyhjöttää
crouched	kyyristyi
crouching	Hiipivä
croupier	krupieeri
crow	varis
crowbar	sorkkarauta
crowd	väkijoukko
crowded	tungosta
crowds	väkijoukkoja
crown	kruunu
crowning	kruunaus
crucial	ratkaiseva
cruciate	cruciate
crucifix	krusifiksi
crucifixion	ristiinnaulitseminen
crucify	ristiinnaulita
crud	lika
crude	raaka
cruel	julma
cruelly	julmasti
cruelty	julmuus
cruise	risteily
cruise ship	risteilijä
cruiser	risteilijä
cruising	cruising
crumb	murunen
crumble	muru
crumbling	murenemassa
crummy	kurja
crunch	räsähdys
crunchy	rapeita
crusade	ristiretki
crusader	crusader
crush	murskata
crushed	murskattu
crusher	murskain
crushing	murskaava
crust	kuori
crusty	kärttyisä
crutch	kainalosauva
crux	ydin
cry	itkeä
crybaby	itkupilli
crying	huutava
crypt	krypta
cryptic	arvoituksellinen
cryptography	kryptografia
crystal	kristalli
crystalline	kiteinen
crystallization	kiteytys
cub	poikanen
cubby	cubby
cube	kuutio
cubic	kuutio-
cubicle	koppi
cuckold	aisankannattaja
cuckoo	käki
cucumber	kurkku
cuddle	halaus
cuddled	cuddled
cuddles	halauksia
cuddling	halailemaan
cue	vihje
cuff	mansetti
cuisine	keittiö
culinary	kulinaarinen
cull	teurastaa
culminate	huipentua
culmination	huippukohta
culpability	syyllisyydestä
culpable	moitittava
culprit	syyllinen
cult	kultti
cultivate	viljellä
cultivated	viljellyt
cultivation	viljely
cultural	kulttuurinen
culture	kulttuuri
cultured	viljelty
culvert	holvirumpu
cumbersome	hankala
cumulus	kumpupilvi
cunning	ovela
cunt	kusipää
cup	kuppi
cupboard	kaappi
cupcake	kuppikakku
cupping	kuppaus
cur	rakki
curable	parannettavissa
curate	kappalainen
curative	parantava
curator	kuraattori
curb	hillitä
curd	rahka
cure	parantaa
curfew	ulkonaliikkumiskielto
curiosity	uteliaisuus
curious	utelias
curl	kiemura
curling	curling
currency	valuutta
current	nykyinen
curriculum	opetussuunnitelma
curry	curry
curse	kirous
cursed	kirottu
cursing	kiroilu
cursory	pintapuolinen
curt	tyly
curtail	supistaa
curtailment	supistaminen
curtain	verho
curtains	verhot
curtsy	niiaus
curvature	kaarevuus
curve	käyrä
curved	kaareva
curvilinear	kaarevia
cushion	tyyny
cushy	helppo
cusp	kärki
cuss	kirota
cussed	itsepäinen
custard	vaniljakastike
custodial	vapausrangaistuksen
custodian	hoitaja
custody	huolto
custom	asiakassuhde
customary	tavanomainen
customer	asiakas
customized	räätälöityjä
cut	leikata
cutaneous	ihon
cute	söpö
cuticle	orvaskesi
cutie	söpöliini
cutlass	miekka
cutlery	ruokailuvälineet
cutoff	katkaista
cutter	leikkuri
cutters	leikkurit
cutthroat	murhamies
cutting	leikkaus
cutting board	leikkuulauta
cuttings	pistokkaat
cwt	CWT
cyanide	syanidi
cyberspace	kyberavaruudessa
cycle	sykli
cyclical	syklinen
cyclist	pyöräilijä
cyclone	sykloni
cylinder	sylinteri
cylindrical	lieriömäinen
cymbal	symbaali
cynic	kyynikko
cynical	kyyninen
cynicism	kyynisyys
cyst	kysta
cystic	kystinen
cytomegalovirus	sytomegalovirus
cytoplasm	sytoplasma
czar	tsaari
dab	hietakampela
dabble	harrastella
dabbling	dabbling
dad	isä
daddy	isä
dado	NO TRANSLATION
daemon	demoni
daft	mieletön
dagger	tikari
daily	päivittäin
dainty	siro
daiquiri	Daiquiri
dairy	meijeri
daisy	päivänkakkara
dak	NO TRANSLATION
dale	laakso
dam	pato
damage	vahingoittaa
damaged	vaurioitunut
damages	vahingonkorvaus
dame	rouva
damn	kirottu
damnation	kadotus
damned	pahuksen
damp	kostea
dampened	vaimentanut
damper	vaimennin
damsel	neito
dance	tanssi
dancer	tanssija
dancing	tanssi
dandruff	hilse
dandy	keikari
danger	vaara
dangerous	vaarallinen
dangerously	vaarallisesti
dangit	NO TRANSLATION
dangle	repsottaa
dank	NO TRANSLATION
dapper	huoliteltu
dare	uskaltaa
daredevil	huimapäinen
daresay	daresay
daring	rohkea
dark	tumma
darken	tummentaa
darkened	pimennetyssä
darkly	darkly
darkness	pimeys
darkroom	pimeä huone
darkside	pimeä puoli
darling	Rakas
darn	parsia
dart	tikka
dash	kojelauta
dashboard	kojelauta
dashed	romutti
dashing	hurtti
dastardly	viheliäinen
data	data
database	tietokanta
date	Treffi
datenight	NO TRANSLATION
daughter	tytär
dawdle	vitkastella
dawn	valjeta
dawned	valkeni
day	päivä
daybreak	aamunkoite
daycare	päivähoito
daydream	unelmoida
daydreaming	haaveilmeinen
daylight	päivänvalo
daymade	NO TRANSLATION
dayoff	NO TRANSLATION
daytime	päivä-
daze	huumata
dazed	huumaantunut
dazzle	häikäistä
dazzling	häikäisevä
deacon	diakoni
deactivate	deaktivoida
dead	kuollut
deadbeat	dEADBEAT
deadline	takaraja
deadlines	määräajat
deadlock	umpikuja
deadly	tappava
deaf	kuuro
deafening	korviahuumaava
deafness	kuurous
deal	sopimus
dealer	jakaja
dealership	jälleenmyyntisopimuksen
dealing	tekemisissä
dealings	kanssakäyminen
dean	dekaani
dear	rakas
dearest	rakkain
dearth	niukkuus
death	kuolema
deathbed	kuolinvuode
deathly	kuoleman-
debacle	romahdus
debased	turmeltunut
debatable	kiistanalainen
debate	keskustelu
debauchery	irstailu
debenture	joukkovelkakirjalainan
debilitating	heikentävä
debit	veloittaa
debrief	pyytää raporttia
debriefing	jälkipuinti
debris	jätteet
debt	velka
debtor	velallinen
debut	debyytti
debutante	debytantti
decade	vuosikymmen
decadence	rappio
decadent	dekadentti
decaf	kofeiiniton kahvi
decanter	viinikarahvi
decathlon	kymmenottelu
decay	rappeutuminen
decayed	rappeutunut
decaying	rapistuvat
deceased	kuollut
decedent	menehtynyt
deceit	petos
deceitful	petollinen
deceive	pettää
deceived	petti
deceiving	pettää
december	joulukuu
decency	säädyllisyys
decent	kunnollinen
deception	petos
deceptive	petollinen
decide	päättää
decidedly	selvästi
deciduous	putoava
decimal	desimaalin
decimeter	desimetri
decipher	tulkita
decision	päätös
decisive	ratkaiseva
deck	kansi
declaration	ilmoitus
declaratory	toteava
declare	julistaa
declination	eranto
decline	aleneminen
declining	laskussa
deco	Deco
decode	tulkita
decoder	dekooderi
decompose	hajota
decomposed	hajoaa
decomposition	hajoaminen
decompress	purkaa
decompression	purku
decontamination	puhdistaminen
decor	sisustus
decorate	koristella
decorating	Sisustus
decoration	koriste
decorative	koriste-
decorator	sisustusarkkitehti
decorum	arvokkuus
decoy	syötti
decrease	pienentää
decreased	vähentynyt
decreasing	laskeva
decree	asetus
decrement	vähenemä
decrepit	raihnainen
decry	halventaa
decryption	salauksen
dedicate	omistaa
dedication	omistautuminen
deduce	päätellä
deduct	vähentää
deductible	vähennyskelpoinen
deduction	vähennys
deed	teko
deejay	tiskijukka
deem	katsomansa
deep	syvä
deepen	syventää
deer	Peura
defamation	kunnianloukkaus
defamatory	häpäisevä
default	oletusarvo
defeat	voittaa
defeated	voitti
defeatist	tappio-
defect	vika
defection	loikkaus
defective	viallinen
defector	loikkari
defend	puolustaa
defendant	vastaaja
defended	puolusti
defender	puolustaja
defending	puolustava
defense	puolustus
defenseless	puolustuskyvytön
defensible	puolustettavissa oleva
defensive	puolustava
defer	lykätä
deference	kunnioitus
deferral	lykkäys
deferring	lykkäämällä
defiance	uhma
defiant	uhmakas
defibrillator	defibrillaattori
deficiency	puute
deficient	puutteellinen
deficit	alijäämä
define	määritellä
defined	määritellyt
definite	selvä
definition	määritelmä
definitive	lopullinen
deflate	tyhjetä
deflation	deflaatio
deflect	kääntää
deflection	taipuminen
defloration	Defloraatio
deform	rumentaa
deformed	epämuodostunut
deformity	epämuodostuma
defraud	huijata
defray	vastata
defrost	sulaa
deft	näppärä
defunct	kuollut
defuse	purkaa
defy	uhmata
degeneracy	rappeutuminen
degenerate	degeneroitunut
degeneration	rappeutuminen
degradation	hajoaminen
degrade	hajota
degraded	huonontunut
degrading	halventava
degree	aste
dehydrated	vedetön
dehydration	nestehukka
dejected	masentunut
delay	viive
delayed	myöhässä
delectable	herkullinen
delegate	delegoida
delegation	valtuuskunta
delete	poistaa
deleterious	vahingollinen
deletion	poisto
deli	herkkukauppa
deliberate	tarkoituksellinen
deliberation	keskustelu
deliberative	neuvotteleva
delicacy	herkku
delicate	herkkä
delicatessen	herkkumyymälä
delicious	herkullinen
delight	ilahduttaa
delighted	iloinen
delightful	ihana
delineate	hahmotella
delineation	rajaaminen
delinquency	laiminlyönti
delinquent	rikollinen
delirious	haltioitunut
delirium	hourailu
deliver	toimittaa
deliverance	pelastus
delivery	toimitus
dell	notko
delta	delta
delude	houkutella
deluge	hukuttaa
delusion	harhaluulo
delusional	harhainen
deluxe	deluxe
delve	kaivaa
demand	kysyntä
demanding	vaativa
demeaned	demeaned
demeaning	alentava
demeanor	käytös
demented	tylsistynyt
dementia	dementia
demise	kuolema
demo	esittely
democracy	demokratia
democrat	demokraatti
democratic	demokraattinen
demographic	demografiset
demolish	purkaa
demolished	purettiin
demolition	purkaminen
demon	demoni
demonic	demoninen
demonstrable	todistettavissa
demonstrate	osoittaa
demonstrated	osoittivat
demonstrating	esittelyssä
demonstration	esittely
demonstrative	havainnollinen
demonstrator	mielenosoittaja
demoralized	masentuneet
demos	demoja
demure	kaino
den	NO TRANSLATION
deniability	kiistanalaisuuden
denial	kieltäminen
denied	evätty
denim	denimi
denomination	nimellisarvo
denominational	tunnustuksellinen
denominator	nimittäjä
denote	tarkoittaa
denounce	tuomita
dense	tiheä
density	tiheys
dent	lommo
dental	hammas-
dentist	hammaslääkäri
dentistry	hammaslääketiede
dentists	hammaslääkärit
denunciation	tuomitseminen
deny	kieltää
denying	kieltää
deodorant	deodorantti
depart	lähteä
departed	lähtenyt
department	osasto
departmental	osasto-
departure	lähtö
depend	riippua
dependable	luotettava
dependant	riippuvainen
dependence	riippuvuus
dependency	riippuvuus
dependent	riippuvainen
depict	kuvata
depicting	kuvaava
depletion	ehtyminen
deplorable	valitettava
deplore	valittaa
deploy	sijoittaa
deployment	käyttöönotto
deport	karkottaa
deportation	karkotus
depose	todistaa
deposit	tallettaa
depositary	Omaisuudenhoitajan
deposition	laskeuma
depository	säilytyspaikka
depot	varikko
depraved	turmeltunut
depravity	turmelus
depreciate	laskea
depreciated	poistot
depreciation	arvonalennus
depress	masentaa
depressed	masentunut
depressing	masentava
depression	masennus
depressive	depressiivinen
depresson	NO TRANSLATION
deprivation	riistäminen
deprive	riistää
deprived	riistää
depth	syvyys
deputy	sijainen
derail	suistua kiskoilta
deranged	häiriintynyt
derelict	ränsistynyt
derision	pilkka
derivation	johtaminen
derivative	johdannainen
derive	saada
dermal	ihon
dermatologist	ihotautilääkäri
dermatology	ihotautioppi
derogation	poikkeus
derogatory	halventava
descend	laskeutua
descendant	jälkeläinen
descendent	NO TRANSLATION
descending	aleneva
descent	laskeutuminen
describe	kuvata
description	kuvaus
descriptive	kuvaileva
desecrate	häpäistä
desecration	häpäiseminen
desert	aavikko
deserted	autio
deserter	karkuri
desertion	hylkääminen
deserve	ansaita
deserved	ansaittu
deserving	ansioitunut
design	design
designate	nimittää
designated	nimetty
designation	nimitys
designed	suunnitellut
designer	suunnittelija
designing	suunnittelu
desirability	toivottavaa
desirable	toivottava
desire	himoita
desiring	haluten
desirous	haluava
desist	pidättyä
desk	vastaanotto
desolate	autio
desolation	hävitys
despair	epätoivo
despairing	epätoivoinen
despatch	lähettäminen
desperado	desperado
desperate	epätoivoinen
desperation	epätoivo
despicable	halveksittava
despise	halveksia
despondent	masentunut
despotic	itsevaltainen
despotism	hirmuvalta
dessert	jälkiruoka
destination	määränpää
destined	tarkoitettu
destiny	kohtalo
destitute	rutiköyhä
destroy	tuhota
destroyed	tuhonnut
destroyer	hävittäjä
destroying	tuhoaa
destruct	destruct
destruction	tuho
destructive	tuhoisa
detach	irrottaa
detached	erillinen
detachment	irrallisuus
detail	yksityiskohta
detailed	yksityiskohtainen
details	yksityiskohdat
detain	pidättää
detainee	poliittinen vanki
detect	havaita
detectable	havaittavissa
detection	havaitseminen
detective	etsivä
detector	ilmaisin
detention	pidättäminen
deter	estää
detergent	pesuaine
deteriorate	heikentyä
deteriorated	heikkeni
deteriorating	heikkenevä
deterioration	heikkeneminen
determinable	määritettävissä
determinate	määrätty
determination	päättäväisyys
determine	määrittää
determined	määritetty
deterrent	varoittava
detest	inhota
detestation	inho jtk kohtaan
detonate	räjäyttää
detonation	räjähdys
detonator	nalli
detour	kiertotie
detract	vähennä
detriment	haitta
detrimental	haitallinen
detritus	sora
deuce	kakkonen
deutschmark	deutschmark
devalued	devalvoitiin
devastate	tuhota
devastated	tuhoutunut
devastating	tuhoisa
devastation	tuho
develop	kehittää
developer	kehittäjä
developing	kehittämällä
development	kehitys
deviant	poikkeava
deviate	poiketa
deviating	poikkeava
deviation	poikkeama
device	laite
devil	paholainen
deviled	deviled
devilish	pirullinen
devious	mutkitteleva
devise	suunnitella
devoid	vailla
devolution	hajautus
devolve	siirtää
devote	omistaa
devoted	omistautunut
devotee	uskovainen
devotion	kiintymys
devotional	hartaus-
devour	niellä
devout	harras
dew	kaste
dexter	Dexter
dexterity	kätevyys
dextrose	dekstroosi
diabetes	diabetes
diabetic	diabeetikko
diabolical	pirullinen
diagnose	diagnoosi
diagnosis	diagnoosi
diagnostic	diagnostinen
diagnostics	diagnostiikka
diagonal	diagonaalinen
diagram	kaavio
dial	valitsin
dialect	murre
dialectic	dialektiikka
dialogue	vuoropuhelu
dialysis	dialyysi
diameter	halkaisija
diamond	timantti-
diamonds	ruutu
diaper	vaippa
diaphragm	himmennin
diarrhea	ripuli
diarrhoea	ripuli
diary	päiväkirja
diatribe	kiivas hyökkäys
dib	NO TRANSLATION
dibs	dibs
dice	noppa
dicey	riskialtis
dichotomous	dikotominen
dichotomy	kahtiajako
dick	kalu
dickhead	kusipää
dicks	Dicks
dictate	sanella
dictation	sanelu
dictator	diktaattori
dictatorial	diktatorinen
dictatorship	diktatuuri
diction	tyyli
dictionary	sanakirja
dictum	NO TRANSLATION
didactic	didaktinen
diddle	jallittaa
die	NO TRANSLATION
died	kuollut
diesel	diesel
diet	ruokavalio
dietary	ruokavalio-
differ	erota
difference	ero
differences	erot
different	eri
differential	ero
differentiation	erilaistuminen
differently	eri tavalla
differing	erilaiset
difficult	vaikea
difficulties	vaikeudet
difficulty	vaikeus
diffuse	hajanainen
diffusion	diffuusio
dig	NO TRANSLATION
digest	sulattaa
digestion	ruoansulatus
digestive	ruoansulatus-
digit	numero
digital	digitaalinen
dignified	arvokas
dignify	kunnioittaa
dignity	arvokkuus
digress	eksyä
digs	NO TRANSLATION
dike	oja
dilapidated	rappeutunut
dilatation	dilatation
dilation	laajeneminen
dildo	dildo
dilemma	dilemma
diligence	ahkeruus
diligent	ahkera
dill	tilli
diluent	ohenne
dilute	laimentaa
diluted	laimennettu
dilution	laimennus
dim	himmeä
dime	sentin kolikko
dimension	ulottuvuus
dimensional	ulotteinen
diminish	vähentää
diminished	vähentynyt
diminution	väheneminen
diminutive	pikkuriikkinen
dimwit	ääliö
din	NO TRANSLATION
dine	ruokailla
diner	ruokailija
dinghy	jolla
dingo	dingo
dingy	likainen
dining	ruokailu
dinky	sievä
dinner	päivällinen
dinnertime	päivällisaika
dinosaur	dinosaurus
dint	jälki
diocesan	hiippakunnan
diocese	hiippakunta
diorama	diorama
dioxide	dioksidi
dip	sukeltaa
diploma	tutkintotodistus
diplomacy	diplomatia
diplomat	diplomaatti
diplomatic	diplomaattinen
dipper	kauha
dippy	dippy
dipstick	mittatikku
dire	NO TRANSLATION
direct	suoraan
directed	suunnattu
direction	suunta
directive	direktiivi
directly	suoraan
director	johtaja
directory	hakemisto
dirt	lika
dirty	likainen
disability	vammaisuus
disable	Poista käytöstä
disabled	liikuntarajoitteinen
disadvantage	haitta
disaffected	tyytymätön
disagree	olla eri mieltä
disagreeable	vastenmielinen
disagreeing	erimielisyys
disagreement	erimielisyys
disallow	evätä
disallowed	sovitella
disapointment	NO TRANSLATION
disappear	kadota
disappearance	katoaminen
disappearing	katoamassa
disappoint	petä
disappointed	pettynyt
disappointing	ikävä
disappointment	pettymys
disapproval	paheksunta
disapprove	hylkää
disapproved	hylätty
disapproving	tuomitseva
disarm	riisua aseista
disarray	epäjärjestys
disaster	katastrofi
disastrous	tuhoisa
disband	lakkauttaa
disbelief	epäusko
disbelieve	uskomatta
disburse	maksaa
disbursement	maksaminen
disc	levy
discard	hylätä
discarded	hävittää
discards	poisheitetyt
discern	erottaa
discernible	havaittava
discerning	arvostelukykyinen
discernment	arvostelukyky
discharge	purkaa
disciple	opetuslapsi
disciplinary	kurinpidollinen
discipline	kuri
disciplined	kurinalainen
disclaim	kiistää
disclaimer	Vastuuvapauslauseke
disclose	paljastaa
disclosed	julkaisussa
disclosure	julkistaminen
disco	disko
discoloration	värjäytyminen
discolored	värjäytyneet
discomfort	vaiva
disconcerted	hämmentynyt
disconcerting	hämmentävä
disconnect	katkaista
disconnected	irrotettu
disconnection	katkaisu
disconnects	katkaisee
discontent	tyytymättömyys
discontinuance	lopettamisesta
discontinue	lopettaa
discontinuity	katkonaisuus
discontinuous	katkonainen
discord	eripuraisuus
discount	alennus
discounted	diskontattu
discourage	lannistaa
discouraged	lannistunut
discouragement	pelotuskeino
discouraging	masentava
discourse	esitelmä
discover	löytää
discovery	löytö
discredit	häpäistä
discredited	huonoon
discreet	NO TRANSLATION
discrepancy	ristiriita
discrete	erillinen
discretion	harkinnan
discretionary	harkinnanvarainen
discriminate	syrjiä
discriminating	erottava
discrimination	syrjintä
discus	kiekko
discuss	keskustella
discussion	keskustelu
disdain	ylenkatse
disdainful	halveksiva
disease	tauti
diseased	sairas
disembodied	aineeton
disengage	irrottaa
disengagement	vetäytymisen
disfigured	häirinneet
disgrace	häpeä
disgraced	nolottaa
disgraceful	häpeällinen
disgruntled	tyytymätön
disguise	peittää
disguised	naamioitu
disgust	inho
disgusted	tympääntynyt
disgusting	ällöttävä
dish	ruokalaji
disheartened	lannistua
disheartening	masentavaa
dishonest	epärehellinen
dishonesty	epärehellisyys
dishonor	häpäistä
dishonorable	kunniaton
dishwasher	astianpesukone
disillusionment	pettymys
disinclination	haluttomuus
disincline	viedä halu jhk
disinclined	haluton
disinfect	desinfioida
disinfectant	desinfiointiaine
disinfection	desinfiointi
disinformation	harhaanjohtavat tiedot
disingenuous	vilpillinen
disintegrate	hajota
disintegration	hajoaminen
disinterested	välinpitämätön
disjoint	hajottaa osiinsa
disjointed	katkonainen
disjunctive	disjunktiivinen
disk	levy
diskette	levyke
dislike	vastenmielisyys
disliked	inhosi
disliking	vastenmielisyyden
dislocated	sijoiltaan
dislocation	sijoiltaanmeno
dislodge	irrottaa
disloyal	uskoton
disloyalty	epälojaalisuus
dismal	synkkä
dismantle	purkaa
dismay	tyrmistys
dismayed	tyrmistynyt
dismemberment	silpominen
dismiss	erottaa
dismissal	hylkääminen
dismissive	vähättelevä
dismount	jalkautua
disobedience	tottelemattomuus
disobedient	tottelematon
disobey	rikkoa
disorder	häiriö
disordered	huonokuntoinen
disorderly	sekainen
disorganized	sekava
disorientation	sekavuus
disoriented	eksyksissä
disown	olla tunnustamatta
disparage	väheksyä
disparaging	väheksyvä
disparate	erilainen
disparity	erilaisuus
dispassionate	kiihkoton
dispatch	lähettää
dispatcher	lähettäjä
dispel	hälventää
dispensary	apteekki
dispensation	erivapaus
dispense	jakaa
dispenser	automaatti
dispersal	hajaantuminen
disperse	hajottaa
dispersed	dispergoituneena
dispersion	hajonta
dispirited	masentunut
displace	syrjäyttää
displaced	joutuneiden
displacement	siirtymä
displacency	displacency
display	näyttö
displease	suututtaa
displeased	ärsyyntynyt
displeasure	mielipaha
disposable	kertakäyttöinen
disposal	hävittäminen
dispose	määrätä
disposed	sijoitettu
disposition	luonteenlaatu
dispossessed	koditon
disprove	kumota
dispute	riita
disqualification	esteellisyys
disqualified	esteellinen
disqualify	diskata
disquieted	häirinnyt
disregard	piittaamattomuus
disregarded	huomiotta
disrelish	disrelish
disreputable	huonomaineinen
disrepute	huono maine
disrespect	epäkunnioitus
disrespectful	epäkunnioittava
disrupt	häiritä
disrupting	häiritseviä
disruption	häiriö
disruptive	häiritsevä
dissatisfaction	tyytymättömyys
dissatisfied	tyytymätön
dissect	leikellä
dissection	leikkely
disseminate	levittää
dissemination	levitys
dissension	eripuraisuus
dissent	erimielisyys
dissenting	eriävä
dissertation	väitöskirja
disservice	karhunpalvelus
dissident	toisinajattelija
dissimilar	erilainen
dissipate	haihduttaa
dissipated	huikenteleva
dissociation	dissosiaatio
dissociative	dissosiaatiohäiriöt
dissolution	liukeneminen
dissolve	liueta
dissonance	eripuraisuus
dissuade	varoittaa
distal	distaalinen
distance	etäisyys
distant	kaukainen
distaste	vastenmielisyys
distasteful	vastenmielinen
distillate	tisle
distillation	tislaus
distilled	tislattu
distinct	selvä
distinction	ero
distinctive	selvästi erottuva
distinguish	erottaa
distinguishable	erottuva
distinguished	hienostunut
distinguishing	erottava
distort	vääristää
distorted	vääristynyt
distortion	vääristymä
distract	häiritä
distracted	suunniltaan
distracting	häiritsevää
distraction	häiriötekijä
distraught	suunniltaan
distress	hätä
distressed	levoton
distressing	ahdistava
distribute	jakaa
distribution	jakelu
distributor	jakelija
district	piiri
distrust	epäluottamus
disturb	häiritä
disturbance	häiriö
disturbed	häiriintynyt
disturbing	järkyttävä
disuse	käyttömättömyys
disused	poistettujen
ditch	oja
ditto	sama
ditty	laulelma
diurnal	päivittäinen
diva	diiva
divan	NO TRANSLATION
dive	sukeltaa
diver	sukeltaja
diverge	erota
divergence	eroavuus
divergent	eriävä
diverging	eriäviä
divers	erilaiset
diverse	monipuolinen
diversified	monipuolinen
diversify	monipuolistaa
diversion	harhautus
diversionary	harhauttavat
diversity	monimuotoisuus
divert	suunnata
diverting	toisaalle
divest	riistää
divested	myydyt
divestment	luopuminen
divide	jakaa
divided	jaettu
dividend	osinko
divination	ennustaminen
divine	jumalallinen
divinity	jumaluus
divisible	jaollinen
division	jako
divisor	jakaja
divorce	avioero
divorcee	eronnut nainen
divulge	paljastaa
divvy	osinko
dizziness	huimaus
dizzy	pyörryksissä
do	tehdä
doable	toteutettavissa
doc	doc
docile	säyseä
dock	telakka
docked	typistetty
docket	etiketti
docking	telakointi
doctor	lääkäri
doctorate	tohtorinarvo
doctrinal	opillinen
doctrine	oppi
document	asiakirja
documentary	dokumenttielokuva
documentation	dokumentointi
documents	asiakirjat
dodge	väistää
dodger	pinnari
dodging	väistelee
dodgy	ovela
dodo	tee Tee
doe	naarasjänis
doer	tekijä
dog	koira
dogface	koira naama
dogged	sitkeä
doggy	koira
doghouse	koirankoppi
dogma	dogmi
dogmatic	dogmaattinen
dogsick	NO TRANSLATION
doings	puuhat
doit	NO TRANSLATION
dojo	dojo
doldrums	lamakausi
dole	työttömyyskorvaus
doll	nukke
dollar	dollari
dollhouse	nukkekoti
dolor	NO TRANSLATION
dolphin	delfiini
domain	verkkotunnuksen
dome	kupoli
domestic	kotimainen
domesticated	kotieläimenä
domestication	kesyttäminen
domicile	kotipaikka
domiciled	vakinaisesti asuva
dominance	valta-asema
dominant	hallitseva
dominate	hallita
dominating	hallitseva
domination	ylivalta
dominatrix	dominatrix
dominion	valta
domino	domino
don	Don
donate	lahjoittaa
donation	lahjoitus
donkey	aasi
donor	luovuttaja
dontlikeyou	NO TRANSLATION
dontmess	NO TRANSLATION
dontmesswithme	dontmesswithme
dontpanic	dontpanic
dontunderstand	NO TRANSLATION
doodle	piirrellä
doom	tuho
doomed	tuhoon tuomittu
doomsday	tuomiopäivä
door	ovi
doorbell	ovikello
doorknob	ovennuppi
doorman	ovenvartija
doormat	kynnysmatto
doornail	doornail
doorstep	kynnyksellä
doorway	oviaukko
dopamine	dopamiini
dope	pölvästi
dopey	typerä
dork	idiootti
dorky	dorky
dorm	ylioppilasasuntola
dormant	uinuva
dormitory	makuusali
dorsal	selkä-
dosage	annostus
dose	annos
dossier	asiakirjat
dot	piste
doting	palvova
dotted	pilkullinen
dotty	hassu
double	kaksinkertainen
doubled	kaksinkertaistunut
doublet	dubletti
doubling	kaksinkertaistaa
doubt	epäillä
doubtful	kyseenalainen
doubting	epäilemättä
doubtless	epäilemättä
doubts	epäilyksiä
douche	suihku
douchebags	douchebags
dough	taikina
doughboy	Doughboy
doughnut	donitsi
dour	juro
douse	valella
dove	kyyhkynen
down	alas
downcast	alakuloinen
downer	masentava juttu
downfall	kaatuminen
downfield	downfield
downhearted	masentunut
downhill	alamäkeä
download	ladata
downpour	kaatosade
downright	suorastaan
downriver	alajuoksulla
downside	alapuoli
downtime	seisokkeja
downward	alaspäin
downy	untuvainen
dowry	myötäjäiset
doze	torkkua
dozen	tusina
drab	ikävä
draft	luonnos
drafty	vetoinen
drag	raahata
dragon	lohikäärme
dragonfly	sudenkorento
drain	valua
drainage	salaojitus
drained	valutettu
draining	tyhjennys
drainpipe	viemäriputki
drake	urossorsa
drama	draama
dramaqueen	NO TRANSLATION
dramatic	dramaattinen
drape	levittää
drapery	kangas
drastic	jyrkkä
drat	NO TRANSLATION
draught	luonnos
draw	piirtää
drawback	haitta
drawbridge	laskusilta
drawer	laatikko
drawers	laatikot
drawing	piirustus
dread	pelko
dreaded	pelätty
dreadful	kauhea
dreadfully	kamalan
dreading	pelkäätkö
dream	unelma
dreamboat	dreamboat
dreamer	uneksija
dreaming	dreaming
dreamland	Dreamland
dreams	unelmat
dreamt	uneksin
dreamy	unenomainen
dreary	kolkko
dredge	ruopata
drenched	likomärkä
dress	pukeutua
dresser	pukeutuja
dressmaker	ompelija
dressy	muotitietoinen
dribble	NO TRANSLATION
dried	kuivattu
drier	kuivain
drift	ajelehtia
drifted	ajautuivat
drifter	tyhjäntoimittaja
driftwood	ajopuut
drill	porata
drink	juoda
drinker	juomari
drinking	juominen
drinks	juomat
drip	tippua
dripping	tippumisen
drive	ajaa
drivel	pöty
driver	kuljettaja
driveway	ajotie
drizzle	tihkusade
droll	hullunkurinen
drone	surina
drones	drones
drool	kuolata
drooping	roikkuvat
droopy	masentunut
drop	pudota
droplet	pieni pisara
dropout	lopettaa
dropper	tiputin
drought	kuivuus
drove	NO TRANSLATION
drown	hukkua
drowsiness	uneliaisuus
drowsy	unelias
drudgery	orjantyö
drug	lääke
drug dealing	huumekauppa
drugged	huumattu
druggist	apteekkari
drugs	huumeita
drugstore	apteekki
druid	druidi
drum	rumpu
drummer	rumpali
drumming	rummutus
drunk	humalassa
drunk driving	rattijuopumuksesta
drunkard	juoppo
drunken	humalainen
drunkenness	juoppous
dry	kuiva
dryer	kuivausrumpu
dryness	kuivaksi
dual	kaksois-
dualism	dualismi
duality	kaksinaisuus
dub	jälkiäänittää
dubious	kyseenalainen
duchess	herttuatar
duck	Ankka
ducking	vaimennuksen
duckling	ankanpoikanen
ducky	kiva
duct	kanava
ductile	taottava
dud	suutari
dude	keikari
duds	duds
due	maksettava
duel	kaksintaistelu
dues	maksut
duet	duetto
duffel	duffeli
dugout	korsu
duh	Höh
duke	herttua
dull	tylsä
dullard	tylsimys
dumb	tyhmä
dumbasses	dumbasses
dumbbell	käsipaino
dumbbitch	NO TRANSLATION
dumfound	dumfound
dumfounder	NO TRANSLATION
dummy	tutti
dump	kaatopaikka
dumpling	kokkare
dumps	kaatopaikat
dumpster	dumpster
dun	harmaanruskea
dunce	puupää
dune	dyyni
dung	NO TRANSLATION
dungeon	tyrmä
dunk	upottaa
duo	duo
dupe	huiputtaa
duplex	duplex
duplicate	monistaa
duplication	jäljentäminen
duplicity	kaksinaamaisuus
durability	kestävyys
durable	kestävä
duration	kesto
duress	pakko
dusk	hämärä
dusky	tumma
dust	pöly
duster	siivoustakki
dustpan	rikkalapio
dusty	pölyinen
dutiful	velvollisuudentuntoinen
duty	velvollisuus
dwarf	kääpiö
dwarfed	kääpiöityjen
dweeb	dweeb
dwell	asua
dweller	asukas
dwelling	asunto
dye	väriaine
dying	kuoleva
dyke	lesbo
dynamic	dynaaminen
dynamical	dynaaminen
dynamics	dynamiikka
dynamite	dynamiitti
dynamo	dynamo
dynasty	dynastia
dysentery	punatauti
dysfunction	toimintahäiriö
dysfunctional	toimimattomia
dyspepsia	ruoansulatushäiriö
eager	innokas
eagerness	into
eagle	kotka
ear	korva
earful	sanatulva
earl	jaarli
earlier	aikaisemmin
early	aikaisin
earn	ansaita
earnest	totinen
earnestly	hartaasti
earnestness	vakavuudella
earnings	tulot
earpiece	kuuloke
earring	korvarengas
earrings	korvakorut
earshot	kuulomatka
earth	maa
earthenware	keramiikka
earthling	Earthling
earthly	maallinen
earthquake	maanjäristys
earthy	maanläheinen
ease	helppous
easel	maalausteline
easement	helpotus
easily	helposti
east	itään
eastbound	itään menevä
eastern	itäinen
easy	helppo
easygoing	rento
eat	syödä
eater	syöjä
eating	syöminen
eatingdisorders	NO TRANSLATION
eavesdrop	kuunnella salaa
eavesdropping	salakuuntelu
ebb	laskuvesi
ebony	eebenpuu
ebullient	riemukas
eccentric	eksentrinen
eccentricity	eksentrisyys
ecclesiastical	kirkollinen
echelon	porras
echinacea	auringonhattu
echo	kaiku
eclectic	eklektinen
eclipse	pimennys
ecliptic	ekliptika
ecological	ekologinen
economic	taloudellinen
economical	taloudellinen
economics	taloustiede
economy	talous
ecosystem	ekosysteemi
ecstasy	ekstaasi
ecstatic	hurmioitunut
ecumenical	ekumeeninen
eddy	pyöriä
edema	turvotus
edge	reuna
edging	reunus
edgy	ärtyisä
edible	syötävä
edict	edikti
edification	mielenylennys
edifice	rakennelma
edit	muokata
editing	editointi
edition	painos
editor	toimittaja
editorial	Pääkirjoitus
educate	kouluttaa
educated	sivistynyt
education	koulutus
educational	koulutuksellinen
educator	kasvattaja
eeeek	NO TRANSLATION
eeek	NO TRANSLATION
eek	eek
eel	ankerias
eerie	aavemainen
effect	vaikutus
effective	tehokas
effectiveness	tehokkuuden
effects	tehosteet
effectual	tehokas
effectually	effectually
effectuate	panna toimeen
effeminate	naismainen
efficacious	tehokas
efficacy	tehokkuus
efficiency	tehokkuus
efficient	tehokas
effigy	patsas
effort	ponnistus
effortless	vaivaton
effusion	effuusio
effyou	NO TRANSLATION
egg	muna
egghead	älyniekka
eggnog	munatoti
eggplant	munakoiso
eggshell	munankuori
ego	ego
egomaniac	egomaniac
egotistical	itsekäs
egregious	törkeä
egress	ulosmeno
eight	kahdeksan
eighteen	kahdeksantoista
eighth	kahdeksas
eighty	kahdeksankymmentä
ejaculate	huudahtaa
ejaculation	siemensyöksy
eject	eject
ejection	häätö
elaborate	kehittää
elaboration	laatiminen
elan	NO TRANSLATION
elapse	kulua
elapsed	kulunut
elastic	joustava
elasticity	jousto
elated	riemuissaan
elation	riemu
elbow	kyynärpää
eld	ELD
elder	vanhin
elderly	vanhukset
elders	vanhimmat
eldest	vanhin
elect	valita
election	vaalit
elective	valinnainen
elector	vaaliruhtinas
electoral	vaali-
electorate	äänestäjät
electric	sähköinen
electric slide	sähköliesi
electrical	sähkö-
electrician	sähköasentaja
electricity	sähkö
electrify	sähköistää
electrocute	surmata sähköllä
electrocution	sähköteloitus
electromagnetic	sähkömagneettinen
electron	elektroni
electronic	elektroninen
electronics	elektroniikka
elegance	eleganssi
elegant	tyylikäs
element	elementti
elemental	alkuaine-
elementary	perus
elements	elementtejä
elephant	norsu
elevate	ylentää
elevated	korkea
elevation	korkeus
elevator	Hissi
eleven	yksitoista
eleventh	yhdestoista
elf	keijukainen
elicit	saada
eligible	oikeutettu
eliminate	poistaa
elimination	eliminointi
elite	eliitti
elitist	elitistinen
elixir	eliksiiri
elk	hirvi
ell	ELL
ellipse	ellipsi
ellipsis	sananheitto
ellipsoid	ellipsoidin
elliptic	elliptinen
elliptical	elliptinen
elm	jalava
elongate	venyttää
elongation	pidentäminen
elope	karata
eloquence	puhetaito
eloquent	kaunopuheinen
elucidate	valaista
elucidation	selvittäminen
elude	väistää
elusive	saavuttamaton
emaciated	laihtunut
email	sähköposti
emanate	virrata
emancipation	emansipaatio
embankment	pengerrys
embargo	NO TRANSLATION
embark	aloittaa
embarrass	nolata
embarrassed	hämmentynyt
embarrassing	kiusallinen
embarrassment	hämmennys
embassy	suurlähetystö
embattled	piiritetty
embed	upottaa
embellish	kaunistella
embellishment	kaunistus
embers	hiillos
embezzlement	kavallus
embezzler	embezzler
emblem	symboli
emblematic	tunnuskuvallinen
embodiment	ruumiillistuma
embolism	veritulppa
embossed	kohokuvioitu
embrace	omaksua
embroidered	kirjaillut
embroidery	kirjonta
embroiled	sotkeutunut
embryo	alkio
embryonic	alkion
emcee	emcee
emerald	smaragdi
emerge	ilmaantua
emergence	syntyminen
emergency	hätä
emeritus	emeritus
emery	smirgeli
emetophobia	emetofobiassa
emigrate	muuttaa
emigration	maastamuutto
eminence	kohouma
eminent	etevä
eminently	ilmeisen
emir	NO TRANSLATION
emissary	lähettiläs
emission	päästö
emit	säteillä
emo	Emo
emotion	tunne
emotional	tunteellinen
emotive	tunnepitoinen
empathic	empaattinen
empathize	eläytyä
empathy	empatia
emperor	keisari
emphasis	painotus
emphasize	painottaa
emphatic	painokas
emphysema	keuhkolaajentuma
empire	imperiumi
empirical	empiirinen
empiricism	empirismi
employ	käyttää
employee	työntekijä
employer	työnantaja
employment	työllisyys
emporium	tavaratalo
empower	valtuuttaa
empress	keisarinna
emptiness	tyhjyys
emption	etuosto
empty	tyhjä
emu	emu
emulate	jäljitellä
emulsion	emulsio
enable	ota käyttöön
enablement	Enablement
enact	säätää
enactment	säädös
enamel	emali
encampment	leiriytyminen
enchant	hurmata
enchanted	lumottu
enchanting	lumoava
enchantment	lumous
enchantress	lumoojatar
enchilada	enchilada
encircle	ympäröidä
encircling	ympäröivä
enclave	erillisalue
enclose	ympäröidä
enclosure	liite
encode	koodittaa
encomiastic	NO TRANSLATION
encomium	Helenan ylistys
encompass	käsittää
encore	NO TRANSLATION
encounter	kohdata
encourage	kannustaa
encouraged	kannusti
encouragement	rohkaisu
encouraging	rohkaiseva
encroach	kajota
encroachment	loukkaus
encrypt	Salaa
encryption	salaus
encumbrance	rasitteena
encyclopedia	tietosanakirja
end	pää
end table	lopputaulukossa
endanger	vaarantaa
endangered	uhanalainen
endangerment	uhanalaisuus
endearing	herttainen
endeavor	yrittää
ended	päättyi
endemic	endeeminen
endgame	loppupeli
ending	pääte
endless	loputon
endocarditis	endokardiitti
endorse	hyväksyä
endorsement	merkintä
endow	antaa
endowed	suotu
endowment	lahjoitusvarat
endpapers	esilehdet
endpoint	päätepiste
endurance	kestävyys
endure	kestää
enduring	kestävä
enema	peräruiske
enemy	vihollinen
energetic	energinen
energize	antaa pontta
energy	energia
enforce	valvoa
enforcement	täytäntöönpano
enforcer	enforcer
engage	sitoutua
engaged	kihloissa
engagement	sitoumus
engaging	harjoittaa
engender	synnyttää
engine	moottori
engineer	insinööri
engineering	tekniikka
engrave	kaivertaa
engraved	syöpynyt
engraver	kaivertaja
engraving	kaiverrus
engrossed	syventynyt
engrossing	mukaansatempaava
engulf	nielaista
enhance	parantaa
enhancement	lisälaite
enigma	arvoitus
enigmatic	arvoituksellinen
enjoin	käskeä
enjoy	nauttia
enjoyable	nautittava
enjoying	nauttii
enjoyment	nauttiminen
enlarge	suurentaa
enlarged	laajentuneessa
enlargement	laajennus
enlighten	valaista
enlightened	valistunut
enlightening	valaiseva
enlightenment	valistus
enlist	värvätä
enliven	elävöittää
enmity	vihamielisyys
ennui	ikävystyminen
enormity	hirvittävyys
enormous	valtava
enormously	valtavasti
enraged	raivoissaan
enrich	rikastuttaa
enroll	kirjoittautua
enrollment	rekisteröinti
ensemble	kokonaisuus
ensign	lippu
enslave	orjuuttaa
enslaved	orjuutettu
enslavement	orjuuttaminen
ensue	seurata
ensure	varmistaa
entail	aiheuttaa
entangled	kietoutunut
entanglement	kietoutuminen
enter	tulla sisään
enterprise	yritys
enterprising	yritteliäs
entertain	viihdyttää
entertained	viihdyttivät
entertainer	viihdyttäjä
entertaining	viihteellinen
entertainment	viihde
enthralled	ihastunut
enthusiasm	innostusta
enthusiast	intoilija
enthusiastic	innostunut
entice	houkutella
entire	koko
entirety	kokonaisuus
entitle	oikeuttavat
entity	kokonaisuus
entomology	hyönteistiede
entourage	seurue
entrails	sisälmykset
entrance	Sisäänkäynti
entrapment	loukkuun
entreat	anoa
entree	pääruoka
entrepreneur	yrittäjä
entrust	uskoa
entry	merkintä
enumerate	luetella
enumeration	luettelointi
envelope	kirjekuori
envious	kateellinen
environ	NO TRANSLATION
environment	ympäristö
environmental	ympäristö-
environs	ympäristö
envision	kuvitella
envoy	lähettiläs
envy	kateus
enzyme	entsyymi
ephemeral	lyhytaikainen
ephemeris	efemeridi
epic	eeppinen
epidemic	epidemia
epidermis	orvaskesi
epidural	epiduraali
epilepsy	epilepsia
epileptic	epileptinen
epilogue	epilogi
epiphany	loppiainen
episcopal	piispan-
episode	episodi
episodic	episodimainen
epistle	kirje
epitaph	hautakirjoitus
epithet	epiteetti
epitome	ruumiillistuma
epoch	aikakausi
equal	yhtä suuri
equality	tasa-arvo
equalization	tasaus
equalize	tasoittaa
equalizer	taajuuskorjain
equally	yhtä
equate	rinnastaa
equation	yhtälö
equator	ekvaattori
equatorial	päiväntasaajan-
equestrian	ratsastus-
equidistant	yhtä kaukana
equilibration	tasapainotuksen
equilibrium	tasapaino
equip	varustaa
equipment	laitteet
equitable	oikeudenmukainen
equity	oma pääoma
equivalence	vastaavuus
equivalent	vastaava
equivocal	epäselvä
era	aikakausi
eradicate	hävittää
eradication	hävittämiseksi
erase	pyyhkiä
eraser	pyyhekumi
erasure	poistaminen
ere	NO TRANSLATION
erect	pystyssä
erectile	erektio
erection	erektio
ergo	NO TRANSLATION
erode	jäytää
erosion	eroosio
erotic	eroottinen
erotica	eroottinen kirjallisuus
err	erehtyä
errand	asialla
errant	hairahtunut
erratic	arvaamaton
erratum	painovirhe
erroneous	virheellinen
error	virhe
erst	NO TRANSLATION
erudite	oppinut
erupt	puhjeta
eruption	purkaus
escalade	Escalade
escalate	laajeta
escalating	laajeneminen
escalation	kiihtymisestä
escalator	liukuportaat
escape	paeta
escaped	karannut
escarpment	luiska
eschew	välttää
escort	saattaja
escrow	escrow
esophagus	ruokatorvi
esoteric	esoteerinen
especial	NO TRANSLATION
espionage	vakoilu
espouse	omaksua
espresso	espresso
esprit	esprit
esquire	tilanomistaja
essay	essee
essayist	esseisti
essence	olemus
essential	olennainen
essentially	olennaisesti
establish	perustaa
established	perusti
establishment	perustaminen
estate	omaisuus
esteem	kunnioitus
esteemed	arvostettu
esthetic	esteettinen
estimable	kunnioitettava
estimate	arvio
estimation	arvio
estoppel	pidättämällä
estranged	vieraantunut
estrogen	estrogeeni
estuary	suisto
etch	etch
etching	etsaus
eternal	ikuinen
eternity	ikuisuus
ethanol	etanolia
ether	eetteri
ethereal	eteerinen
ethic	etiikka
ethical	eettinen
ethics	etiikka
ethnic	etninen
ethnography	etnografia
etiology	syyoppi
etiquette	etiketti
etymology	etymologia
eucalyptus	eukalyptus
euchre	Euchre
eugenics	rotuhygienia
eulogistic	eulogistic
eulogium	eulogium
eulogize	ylistää
eulogy	muistopuhe
euphemism	kiertoilmaus
euphoria	euforia
euphoric	euforinen
euro	euro
euthanasia	eutanasia
evacuate	evakuoida
evacuation	evakuointi
evade	kiertää
evaluate	arvioida
evaluation	arviointi
evanescence	evanescence
evangelical	evankelinen
evangelist	evankelista
evangelistic	Evangelistic
evaporate	haihtua
evaporation	haihtuminen
evasion	välttely
evasive	välttelevä
eve	aatto
evening	ilta
evens	NO TRANSLATION
event	tapahtuma
eventful	vaiheikas
eventual	lopullinen
eventuality	mahdollisuus
evergreen	ikivihreä
everlasting	ikuinen
evermore	ikuisesti
everyday	joka päivä
everyman	Jokamies
evict	häätää
eviction	häätö
evidence	näyttö
evident	ilmeinen
evidentiary	todistusaineistoon
evil	paha
evoke	herättää
evolution	evoluutio
evolutionary	evoluutio-
evolve	kehittää
ewe	uuhi
ex	entinen
exacerbate	pahentaa
exacerbation	paheneminen
exact	tarkka
exacting	vaativa
exaggerate	liioitella
exaggerated	liioiteltu
exaggeration	liioittelu
exalt	korottaa
exaltation	haltioituminen
exalted	ylevä
exam	koe
examination	tutkimus
examine	tutkia
examiner	tarkastaja
example	esimerkki
exasperated	ärsyyntyneenä
exasperation	ärtymys
excavate	kaivaa
excavation	kaivanto
excavator	kaivuri
exceed	ylittää
exceeding	ylittävät
excel	kunnostautua
excellence	erinomaisuus
excellent	erinomainen
excelsior	lastuvilla
excepting	lukuun ottamatta
exception	poikkeus
exceptional	poikkeuksellinen
excerpt	ote
excess	ylimääräinen
excessive	liiallinen
excessively	liikaa
exchange	vaihto
excise	valmistevero
excision	poistaminen
excitability	ärtyvyyttä
excitable	hermostunut
excitation	kiihtymys
excite	kiihottaa
excited	innoissaan
excitement	jännitys
exciting	jännittävä
exclaim	huudahtaa
exclamation	huudahdus
exclude	sulkea
excluded	ulkopuolelle
excluding	lukuun ottamatta
exclusion	syrjäytyminen
exclusive	yksinomainen
excrement	uloste
excretion	eritys
excruciating	sietämätön
excursion	retki
excuse	tekosyy
exec	Exec
execute	suorittaa
execution	suoritus
executioner	pyöveli
executive	johtaja
executor	täytäntöönpanija
exegesis	eksegeesi
exemplar	esimerkki
exemplary	esimerkillinen
exemplify	havainnollistaa
exempt	vapauttaa
exemption	vapautus
exercise	liikunta
exert	käyttää
exertion	ponnistus
exhale	hengittää
exhaust	pakokaasu
exhausted	uupunut
exhaustion	uupumus
exhaustive	tyhjentävä
exhibit	näyttely
exhibition	näyttely
exhilarated	exhilarated
exhilarating	ilahduttava
exhilaration	iloisuus
exhort	kehottaa
exhortation	kehotus
exhumation	ekshumaatiot
exhume	kaivaa haudasta
exigent	NO TRANSLATION
exile	maanpako
exist	olla olemassa
existence	olemassaolo
existent	olemassa oleva
existential	eksistentiaalinen
existing	nykyinen
exit	poistuminen
exodus	maastamuutto
exonerate	vapauttaa
exorbitant	kohtuuton
exorcism	manaus
exorcist	manaaja
exotic	eksoottinen
expand	laajentaa
expanded	laajennettu
expanse	lakeus
expansion	laajeneminen
expansive	laaja
expatriate	ulkomailla asuva
expect	odottaa
expectance	odotus
expectancy	odotus
expectant	odottava
expectation	odotus
expected	odotettu
expecting	odottaa
expediency	tarkoituksenmukaisuus
expedient	tarkoituksenmukainen
expedite	nopeuttaa
expedition	retkikunta
expeditious	nopea
expel	karkottaa
expendable	käytöstä poistettava
expenditure	menot
expense	kulu
expenses	kulut
expensive	kallis
experience	kokea
experienced	kokenut
experiences	kokemukset
experiment	koe
experimental	kokeellinen
experimentation	kokeilu
experimenter	kokeilija
expert	asiantuntija
expertise	asiantuntemus
expiration	päättyminen
expire	mennä umpeen
expired	vanhentunut
expiry	päättymistä
explain	selittää
explanation	selitys
explanatory	selittävä
expletive	voimasana
explication	explication
explicit	täsmällinen
explode	räjähtää
exploit	käyttää hyväkseen
exploitation	hyväksikäyttö
exploration	tutkiminen
exploratory	tutkiva
explore	tutkia
explorer	tutkimusmatkailija
explosion	räjähdys
explosions	räjähdykset
explosive	räjähtävä
expo	näyttely
exponent	eksponentti
exponential	räjähdysmäinen
export	viedä
exportation	vienti
expose	paljastaa
exposed	avoin
exposition	näyttely
expository	Yleistajuiset
exposure	valotus
expound	selittää
express	ilmaista
expression	ilmaisu
expressive	ilmeikäs
expressway	moottoritie
expropriation	pakkolunastus
expulsion	karkotus
exquisite	erinomainen
exquisitely	kauniisti
extant	vielä jäljellä oleva
extend	pidentää
extendable	laajennettavissa
extended	laajennettu
extension	laajentaminen
extensive	laaja
extent	laajuus
exterior	ulkopuoli
exterminate	tuhota
extermination	tuhoaminen
exterminator	exterminator
external	ulkoinen
externally	ulkoisesti
extinct	Sukupuuttoon kuollut
extinction	sammuminen
extinguish	sammuttaa
extinguisher	sammutin
extol	ylistää
extort	kiristää
extortion	kiristys
extra	ylimääräinen
extract	ote
extracting	talteen
extraction	uuttaminen
extractor	linko
extracurricular	oppimäärään
extradition	luovuttaminen
extrajudicial	laittomista
extramural	ulkopuolinen
extraneous	ulkoinen
extraordinaire	extraordinaire
extraordinary	epätavallinen
extraterrestrial	avaruusolento
extravagance	ylellisyys
extravagant	liioiteltu
extravaganza	fantasia
extreme	äärimmäinen
extreme anticipation	äärimmäinen ennakointi
extreme disgust	äärimmäinen inhotus
extreme surprise	äärimmäinen yllätys
extreme trust	äärimmäinen luottamus
extremely	erittäin
extremely negative	erittäin kielteinen
extremely positive	erittäin positiivinen
extremity	ääripää
extricate	vapauttaa
extrinsic	ulkonainen
extrusion	puristamiseen
exuberance	ylenpalttisuus
exude	tihkua
eye	silmä
eyeball	silmämuna
eyebrow	kulmakarva
eyeful	kaunis tyttö
eyeglass	monokkeli
eyeglasses	silmälasit
eyelash	silmäripsi
eyelet	nauhanreikä
eyeliner	rajaussivellin
eyepiece	okulaari
eyes	katse
eyesight	näkö
eyewitness	silminnäkijä
fab	ihana
fable	faabeli
fabled	tarunomainen
fabric	kangas
fabricate	valmistaa
fabricated	valmistettu
fabrication	valhe
fabulous	satumainen
facade	julkisivu
face	kasvot
faceless	kasvoton
facet	puoli
facial	kasvohoito
facile	NO TRANSLATION
facilitate	helpottaa
facility	laitos
facing	päin
facsimile	faksi
fact	tosiasia
faction	eripuraisuus
factor	tekijä
factory	tehdas
facts	tosiasiat
factual	tosiasiallinen
faculties	tiedekunnat
faculty	tiedekunta
fad	villitys
fade	häivyttää
faded	haalistuneet
faeces	ulosteet
fag	väsyttää
faggot	homo
fail	epäonnistua
failing	puuttuessa
failure	vika
fain	NO TRANSLATION
faint	heikko
fainting	pyörtyminen
fair	oikeudenmukainen
fairly	melko
fairness	oikeudenmukaisuus
fairway	väylä
fairy	keijukainen
faith	usko
faithful	luotettava
faithfulness	uskollisuus
faithless	uskoton
fake	väärennös
faker	Faker
falafel	falafel
falcon	haukka
fall	pudota
fallacious	harhaanjohtava
fallacy	harhaluulo
fallback	perääntyä
fallible	erehtyväinen
falling	laskussa
fallopian	munanjohtimen
fallout	pudota
fallow	kesanto-
false	VÄÄRÄ
falsehood	valhe
falsely	perättömästi
falsification	väärennys
falsified	väärennetty
falsify	väärentää
falsity	valheellisuus
falter	horjua
fame	kuuluisuus
famed	maineikas
familiar	tuttu
familiarity	perehtyneisyys
familiarize	tutustuttaa
family	perhe
familytime	perheaikaa
famine	nälänhätä
famished	nälkiintynyt
famous	kuuluisa
famously	erinomaisesti
fan	tuuletin
fanatic	fanaatikko
fanatical	fanaattinen
fanaticism	fanaattisuus
fanciful	mielikuvituksellinen
fancy	mieltymys
fandango	Fandango
fanfare	fanfaari
fang	NO TRANSLATION
fangs	hampaat
fanning	Fanning
fantasia	fantasia
fantasize	haaveilla
fantastic	fantastinen
fantasy	fantasia
faraway	kaukana
farce	farssi
farcical	farssimainen
fare	hinta
farewell	jäähyväiset
farm	maatila
farmer	viljelijä
farmhouse	maalaistalo
farming	viljely
farmland	viljelysmaa
faro	faro
fart	pieru
farther	kauemmas
fascia	kojelauta
fascinate	hurmata
fascinated	kiehtoi
fascinating	lumoava
fascination	viehätys
fascism	fasismi
fascist	fasisti
fashion	muoti
fashionable	muodikas
fastball	fastball
fasten	kiinnittyä
fastener	kiinnike
fastening	kiinnitys
fasting	paasto
fat	rasva
fatal	kohtalokas
fatalism	kohtalousko
fatality	kuolemantapaus
fate	kohtalo
fated	-onninen
fateful	kohtalokas
fathead	pölkkypää
father	isä
fatherhood	isyys
fatherland	isänmaa
fatherly	isällinen
fathom	syli
fatigue	väsymys
fatigued	väsynyt
fatso	Fatso
fatten	lihottaa
fatty	rasvainen
faucet	hana
fault	vika
faultless	virheetön
faulty	viallinen
faun	fauni
fauna	eläimistö
faux	faux
favor	suosia
favorable	suotuisa
favorite	suosikki-
favoriteholiday	NO TRANSLATION
favoritism	suosikkijärjestelmä
fawn	liukastella
fax	faksi
faze	NO TRANSLATION
fear	pelko
feared	pelätty
fearful	peloissaan
fearfully	pelottavan
fearing	peläten
fearless	peloton
fears	pelot
fearsome	hirveä
feasibility	toteutettavuus
feasible	mahdollinen
feast	juhla
feat	saavutus
feather	sulka
feathered	höyhenpeitteinen
feature	ominaisuus
features	ominaisuudet
febrile	kuumeinen
fecal	ulosteen
feces	ulosteet
fecundity	hedelmällisyys
fed	fed
federal	liittovaltion-
federation	liittovaltio
fedup	NO TRANSLATION
fee	maksu
feeble	voimaton
feed	rehu
feedback	palaute
feeder	syöttölaite
feel	tuntea
feelgood	tuntua hyvältä
feeling	tunne
feelingdown	NO TRANSLATION
feelinggood	NO TRANSLATION
feet	jalkaa
feign	teeskennellä
feigned	tekaistu
feisty	feisty
felicity	onnellisuus
feline	kissan-
fell	putosi
feller	jannu
fellow	kaveri
fellowship	toveruus
felon	rikoksentekijä
felony	törkeä rikos
felt	tunsi olonsa
female	Nainen
feminine	naisellinen
femininity	naisellisuus
feminism	feminismi
feminist	feministi
femme	NO TRANSLATION
femoral	reisiluun
femur	reisiluu
fen	NO TRANSLATION
fence	aita
fenced	aidattu
fencing	miekkailu
fend	fend
fender	lokasuoja
fennel	fenkoli
ferment	käydä
fermentation	käyminen
fern	saniainen
ferocious	hurja
ferocity	julmuus
ferret	fretti
ferry	lautta
ferryboat	NO TRANSLATION
fertile	hedelmällinen
fertility	hedelmällisyys
fertilize	lannoittaa
fertilizer	lannoite
fervent	kiihkeä
fervor	kiihkeys
fess	Fess
fest	fest
festival	festivaali
festive	juhlava
fetal	sikiö-
fetch	noutaa
fete	NO TRANSLATION
fetish	fetissi
fetus	sikiö
feud	vihanpito
feudal	feodaalinen
feudalism	feodalismi
fever	kuume
feverish	kuumeinen
fiancee	NO TRANSLATION
fiasco	fiasko
fiat	fiat
fib	valehdella
fiber	kuitu
fiberglass	lasikuitu
fibrosis	fibroosia
fibrous	kuituinen
fickle	oikullinen
fiction	kaunokirjallisuus
fictional	fiktiivinen
fictitious	kuvitteellinen
fiddle	viulu
fiddler	pelimanni
fidelity	tarkkuus
fidgety	hermostunut
fiduciary	fidusiaariset
field	ala
field hockey	maahockey
fielder	ulkopelaaja
fiend	intoilija
fiendish	pirullinen
fierce	raju
fiery	tulinen
fiesta	fiesta
fiesty	NO TRANSLATION
fifteen	viisitoista
fifty	viisikymmentä
fig	kuva
fight	taistella
fighter	taistelija
fighting	taistelevat
fights	taistelee
figment	juttu
figurative	figuratiivinen
figure	kuva
figurine	hahmo
filament	hehkulanka
filamentous	rihmamaisia
file	tiedosto
filet	filee
filibuster	jarruttaa
filigree	filigraanityö
filing	arkistointi
filings	viilaus
fill	täyttää
filler	täyte
fillet	filee
filling	täyte
filly	tammavarsa
film	elokuva
filmmaker	elokuvantekijä
filmy	NO TRANSLATION
filter	suodattaa
filth	saasta
filthy	likainen
filtration	suodatuksen
fin	NO TRANSLATION
final	lopullinen
finale	finaali
finalist	finalisti
finality	lopullisuus
finalize	viimeistellä
finalized	viimeistelty
finally	vihdoin
finance	Rahoittaa
financial	taloudellinen
financier	rahoittaja
finch	peippo
find	löytö
finder	löytäjä
finding	havainto
fine	hieno
finery	hienoudet
finesse	neuvokkuus
finger	sormi
fingernail	kynsi
fingerprint	sormenjälki
fingerscrossed	NO TRANSLATION
finish	suorittaa loppuun
finished	päättynyt
finite	rajallinen
fink	ilmiantaja
fir	kuusi
fire	antaa potkut
firearm	tuliase
firearms	ampuma
fireball	tulipallo
firecracker	sähikäinen
firefight	tulitaistelussa
firefighter	palomies
firefly	tulikärpänen
firehouse	firehouse
firelight	takanloiste
fireman	palomies
fireplace	takka
firepower	tulivoima
fireproof	tulenkestävä
fireside	takka
firestorm	firestorm
firewall	palomuuri
firewood	polttopuut
firework	ilotulitusraketti
fireworks	ilotulitus
firing	tulitus
firm	yritys
firmament	taivaankansi
firmly	tiukasti
firmness	kiinteys
first	ensimmäinen
firstborn	esikoinen
firstworldprobs	NO TRANSLATION
fiscal	vero-
fish	kalastaa
fisherman	kalastaja
fishery	kalastus-
fishing	kalastus
fishing boat	kalastusvene
fishy	hämärä
fissile	halkeamiskelpoisten
fission	fissio
fissure	halkeama
fist	nyrkki
fistfight	nyrkkitappelu
fistful	nyrkillinen
fistula	avanne
fit	sovittaa
fitness	kunto
fits	sopii
fitted	sovitettu
fitting	asennus
fittings	kalusteet
five	viisi
fiver	vitonen
fix	korjata
fixable	kiinnitettävä
fixation	fiksaatio
fixed	kiinteä
fixer	hyvä järjestelijä
fixture	telineeseen
fixtures	kalusto
fizz	sähinä
fjord	vuono
flabbergast	ällistyttää
flabbergasted	ällikällä lyöty
flabby	vetelä
flaccid	veltto
flag	lippu
flagging	liputus
flagpole	lipputanko
flagrant	räikeä
flagship	lippulaiva
flagstaff	lipputanko
flair	hohto
flak	ilmatorjuntatuli
flake	hiutale
flaky	hilseilevä
flamboyant	mahtipontinen
flame	liekki
flamethrower	liekinheitin
flaming	liekehtivä
flamingo	flamingo
flammable	syttyvä
flan	piiras
flange	laippa
flank	kylki
flanked	reunustaa
flanking	reunustavat
flannel	flanelli
flap	läppä
flapping	räpyttely
flare	leimahtaa
flares	soihdut
flaring	soihdutus
flash	salama
flashback	takauma
flashing	vilkkuva
flashlight	taskulamppu
flashy	räikeä
flask	pullo
flat	tasainen
flatbed	lava
flatfoot	lättäjalka
flatness	tasaisuus
flatten	litistää
flatter	litteämpi
flattered	imarreltu
flattering	mairitteleva
flattery	imartelu
flatulence	ilmavaivat
flaunt	pöyhistellä
flavor	maku
flaw	virhe
flawed	virheellinen
flawless	virheetön
flea	kirppu
fleabag	Fleabag
fled	pakeni
flee	pakenemaan
fleece	fleece
fleet	laivasto
fleeting	ohikiitävä
flesh	liha
fleshy	mehevä
flex	flex
flexibility	joustavuus
flexible	joustava
flexin	flexin
flexion	taivutus
flick	leffa
flicker	välkyntä
flickering	vilkkuminen
flier	lentäjä
flight	lento
flighty	häilyväinen
flimsy	hatara
flinch	sävähtää
fling	sinkauttaa
flint	piikivi
flip	voltti
flip flop	varvastossu
flipper	räpylä
flipping	käännetään
flirt	flirttailla
flirtation	flirtti
flirting	flirttailu
flirty	flirttaileva
float	kellua
floater	floater
flock	parvi
flog	ruoskia
flood	tulva
floor	lattia
flooring	lattianpäällyste
floozy	lutka
flop	flop
floppy	veltto
flora	kasvisto
floral	kukka-
florist	kukkakauppias
floss	hammaslanka
flotation	vaahdottamalla
flounder	kampela
flour	jauhot
flourish	kukoistaa
flow	virtaus
flower	kukka
flowering	kukinnan
flowers	kukat
flowery	kukallinen
flows	virtaa
flu	flunssa
fluctuate	vaihdella
fluctuating	vaihteleva
fluctuation	vaihtelu
flue	hormi
fluency	sujuvuus
fluent	sujuva
fluff	nukka
fluffy	pörröinen
fluid	neste
fluidity	juoksevuus
fluke	onnenpotku
flunk	reputtaa
flunky	lakeija
fluorescence	fluoresenssi
fluorescent	fluoresoiva
flurries	lumikuuroja
flurry	tuulenpuuska
flush	väri
flustered	hämmentynyt
flute	huilu
fluted	uurrettu
flutter	lepattaa
fluvial	fluvial
flux	virtaus
fly	lentää
flyboy	kärpäspoju
flyer	lentäjä
flying	lentäminen
flywheel	vauhtipyörä
foal	varsa
foam	vaahto
foaming	vaahtoamista
foamy	vaahtoava
fob	fob
focal	keskeinen
focus	fokus
fodder	rehu
foe	vihollinen
fog	sumu
foggy	sumuinen
foil	folio
foiled	foiled
fold	taittaa
folded	taitettu
folder	kansio
foliage	lehvistö
folio	folio
folk	kansan-
folklore	kansanperinne
follicle	rakkula
follicular	follikulaarinen
follow	seurata
follower	seuraaja
folly	mielettömyys
fond	hellä
fondle	hyväillä
fondling	hyväillen
fondness	mieltymys
fondue	fondue
font	kirjasinlaji
food	ruoka
foodie	herkkusuu
fool	typerys
fooled	lankaan
foolhardy	tyhmänrohkea
fooling	huijaavat
foolish	typerä
foolishness	älyttömyys
foolproof	idioottivarma
foot	jalka
foot stool	jalka jakkara
footage	kuvamateriaalia
football	jalkapallo
footbridge	jalankulkusilta
foothold	jalansija
footing	perusta
footlocker	footlocker
footloose	vailla siteitä
footpath	polku
footprint	jalanjälki
footwear	jalkineet
footwork	jalkatyö
fop	FOP
forage	rehu
foray	kokeilu
forbearance	kärsivällisyys
forbid	kieltää
forbidding	kieltävät
force	pakottaa
forced	pakko
forceful	voimakas
forceps	pihdit
forces	voimat
forcibly	pakolla
ford	kahlaamo
fore	etu-
forearm	kyynärvarsi
foreboding	aavistus
forecast	ennuste
forecaster	ennustaja
foreclose	sulkea
foreclosure	sulkemiseen
forefathers	esi-isät
forefinger	etusormi
forefront	eturintamassa
forego	luopua
foregoing	edellä mainittu
foregone	menetettyjen
foreground	etuala
forehead	otsa
foreign	ulkomainen
foreigner	ulkomaalainen
foreman	työnjohtaja
foremost	johtava
forensic	oikeusopillinen
forensics	Forensics
foreplay	esileikki
forerunner	edelläkävijä
foresee	aavistaa
foreseen	ennustettu
foresight	kaukokatseisuus
forest	metsä
forestall	estää
forethought	harkinta
foreveralone	ikuisesti yksin
forevermore	ikuisesti enemmän
forewarned	varoittanut
foreword	esipuhe
forfeit	menettää
forfeited	menetetty
forfeiture	menetys
forge	väärentää
forger	väärentäjä
forgery	väärentäminen
forget	unohtaa
forgetful	huonomuistinen
forgetfulness	muistamattomuus
forgive	antaa anteeksi
forgiven	anteeksi
forgiveness	anteeksianto
forgiving	anteeksiantava
forgotten	unohdettu
fork	haarukka
forked	haarautunut
forking	forking
forklift	trukkien
forlorn	surkea
form	muoto
formal	muodollinen
formaldehyde	formaldehydiä
formalism	formalismi
formality	muodollisuus
format	muoto
formation	muodostus
formative	muovaava
formed	muodostettu
formidable	valtava
forming	muodostaen
formless	muodoton
formula	kaava
formulary	vakiomuotoinen
formulate	muotoilla
fornicate	harjoittaa haureutta
fornication	haureus
forsake	hylätä
forsaken	hylännyt
forsooth	forsooth
fort	linnake
forte	NO TRANSLATION
forthcoming	tuleva
forthright	suora
forthwith	heti
fortification	linnoitus
fortify	vahvistaa
fortitude	rohkeus
fortnight	kaksi viikkoa
fortnightly	joka toinen viikko
fortress	linnoitus
fortuitous	satunnainen
fortunate	onnekas
fortune	onni
fortunes	omaisuuksia
forty	neljäkymmentä
forum	foorumi
forward	eteenpäin
forwarding	huolinta
fossil	fossiili
fossils	fossiileja
foul	virhe
found	löydetty
foundation	perusta
founder	perustaja
founding	perustamisen
foundry	valimo
fountain	suihkulähde
four	neljä
fourfold	nelinkertainen
foursome	nelinpeli
fourteen	neljätoista
fourth	neljäs
fowl	siipikarja
fox	kettu
foxhole	potero
foxtrot	foxtrot
foxy	hyvännäköinen
foyer	lämpiö
fraction	jae
fractional	murto-
fracture	murtuma
fragile	hauras
fragility	hauraus
fragment	kappale
fragmentary	katkonainen
fragrance	tuoksu
fragrant	tuoksuva
frail	hauras
frailty	heikkous
frame	kehys
framework	puitteet
franc	frangi
franchise	äänioikeus
frank	vilpitön
frankenstorm	NO TRANSLATION
frankness	suoruus
frantic	hätääntynyt
frantically	kuumeisesti
frat	frat
fraternal	veljellinen
fraternity	veljeys
fraud	petos
fraudulent	vilpillinen
fraught	kireä
fray	hangata
frayed	rispaantunut
frazzled	frazzled
freak	kummajainen
freaked	sätkyn
freakedout	NO TRANSLATION
freakingout	NO TRANSLATION
freakish	omituinen
freakout	seota
freaky	pelottava
freckle	pisama
free	vapaa
freebie	ilmaistarjous
freedom	vapaus
freehold	maa johon sen haltijalla on täysi omistusoikeus
freelance	freelance
freelancer	freelancer
freely	vapaasti
freeman	Freeman
freestyle	vapaauinti
freeway	moottoritie
freeze	jäädyttää
freezer	pakastin
freezing	jäätymispiste
freight	rahti
freighter	rahtialus
french horn	käyrätorvi
frenetic	hurja
frenzied	hurja
frenzy	vimma
frequency	taajuus
frequent	tiheä
frequently	usein
fresco	fresko
fresh	tuore
freshair	NO TRANSLATION
freshen	raikastaa
freshener	raikaste
freshman	fuksi
freshness	tuoreus
freshstart	uusi alku
freshwater	makeanveden
fret	tuskailla
fretful	kärttyisä
friar	munkki
fricking	fricking
friction	kitka
friday	perjantai
fridge	jääkaappi
fried	paistettu
friend	ystävä
friendless	friendless
friendliness	ystävällisyys
friendly	ystävällinen
friends	ystävät
friendship	ystävyys
frigate	fregatti
friggen	NO TRANSLATION
fright	säikähdys
frighten	pelotella
frightened	pelästynyt
frightening	pelottava
frightful	pelottava
frigid	kylmä
fringe	hapsut
fringed	fringed
frisbee	frisbee
frisk	NO TRANSLATION
frisky	vallaton
frivolous	kevytmielinen
frock	mekko
frog	sammakko
froggy	froggy
frolic	ilonpito
front	etuosa
frontage	julkisivu
frontal	otsa-
frontier	raja
fronting	mennyt
frontispiece	frontespiisi
frost	halla
frostbite	paleltuma
frosted	himmeä
frosting	kuorrutus
frosty	huurteinen
froth	vaahdottaa
frothy	vaahtoava
frown	rypistää otsaansa
frowning	otsa kurtussa
frozen	jäädytetty
frugal	säästäväinen
fruit	hedelmä
fruit punch	hedelmäpunssi
fruitcake	fruitcake
fruitful	hedelmällinen
fruition	toteutuminen
fruitless	hedelmätön
fruits	hedelmät
fruity	hedelmäinen
frustrate	turhauttaa
frustrated	turhautunut
frustrates	turhauttaa
frustrating	turhauttava
frustration	pettymys
fry	paistaa
fryer	paistinpannu
fuchsia	fuksia
fuck	naida
fuckedoff	fuckedoff
fucker	kusipää
fucking	helvetin
fuckoff	fuckoff
fucksake	fucksake
fucktard	fucktard
fuckyeah	fuckyeah
fudge	tuhertaa
fuel	polttoaine
fugitive	pakolainen
fulcrum	tukipiste
fulfill	täyttää
fulfilled	täyttyvät
fulfilling	täyttää
fulfillment	toteuttaminen
full	koko
fullback	puolustaja
fullness	täyteläisyys
fully	täysin
fulsome	äitelä
fumble	sählätä
fume	savuta
fumigation	kaasutuksessa
fumin	NO TRANSLATION
fuming	savuava
fun	hauska
function	toiminto
functional	toiminnallinen
fund	rahoittaa
fundamental	perus-
fundamentalist	fundamentalisti
fundamentally	pohjimmiltaan
funday	hauska päivä
funding	rahoitus
fundraiser	varainkeruun
fundraising	varainhankinta
funds	varat
funeral	hautajaiset
fungus	sieni
funk	jänistää
funky	hieno
funnel	suppilo
funny	hauska
fur	turkis
furious	raivostunut
furiously	raivokkaasti
furlong	furlong
furlough	lomauttaa
furnace	tulipesä
furnish	kalustaa
furnishings	kalusteet
furniture	huonekalut
furor	villitys
furrow	vako
furry	pörröinen
furtherance	edistäminen
fury	raivo
fuse	sulake
fuselage	runko
fusion	fuusio
fuss	hälinä
fussy	kranttu
fustrated	NO TRANSLATION
futile	turha
futility	turhuus
futon	futon
future	tulevaisuus
fuzz	nöyhtä
fuzzy	sumea
gab	NO TRANSLATION
gaby	Gaby
gad	reissata
gadget	vempain
gaff	valhe
gag	suukapula
gaga	höpsähtänyt
gage	mitta
gaggle	parvi
gahhh	NO TRANSLATION
gaiety	hilpeys
gain	saada
gainful	tuottava
gaining	saamassa
gait	käynti
gal	tyttö
gala	gaala
galactic	galaktinen
galaxy	galaksi
gale	myrsky
gall	sappi
gallant	uljas
gallantry	urheus
gallbladder	sappirakko
galled	galled
gallery	galleria
galley	kaleeri
gallon	gallona
gallop	laukka
galloping	laukkaa
gallows	hirsipuu
galore	yllin kyllin
galvanic	galvaaninen
gamble	uhkapeli
gambler	peluri
gambling	uhkapeli
game	peli
gameday	pelipäivä
gametime	peliaika
gaming	pelaamista
gamma	gamma
gammon	savustettu kinkku
gamut	kirjo
gander	uroshanhi
gang	jengi
gangland	rikosmaailma
gangrene	kuolio
gangster	gangsteri
gangway	käytävä
gaol	vankila
gap	aukko
gape	toljottaa
gaping	ammottava
garage	autotalli
garb	puku
garbage	roska
garbled	sotkuinen
garden	puutarha
gardener	puutarhuri
gardening	puutarhanhoito
gardens	puutarhat
gargle	kurlata
gargoyle	irvikuva
garish	räikeä
garlic	valkosipuli
garment	vaate
garner	kerätä
garnet	granaatti
garnish	lisukkeet
garrison	varuskunta
garter	sukkanauha
gas	kaasu
gaseous	kaasumainen
gash	viiltää
gasification	kaasutus
gasket	tiiviste
gasoline	bensiini
gasp	huohottaa
gasping	huohottaen
gassy	suulas
gastric	maha-
gastronomy	gastronomia
gate	portti
gatekeeper	portinvartija
gateway	portti
gather	kerätä
gatherer	keräilijä
gathering	keräys
gator	Gator
gatorade	Gatorade
gauche	NO TRANSLATION
gaudy	pramea
gauge	arvioida
gauging	ulottumista
gaunt	laiha
gauntlet	kujanjuoksu
gauze	sideharso
gavel	nuija
gawk	gawk
gay	homo
gaze	tuijottaa
gazebo	huvimaja
gazelle	gaselli
gazette	virallinen lehti
gazetteer	gazetteer
gazillion	gazillion
gazing	katsellen
gear	vaihde
geek	nörtti
geeky	nörttimäinen
geez	geez
geezer	ukko
geisha	geisha
gel	geeli
gelatin	gelatiini
geld	NO TRANSLATION
gelding	ruuna
gem	helmi
gemini	Kaksoset
gender	sukupuoli
genealogy	sukututkimus
general	yleinen
generality	yleisyys
generalization	yleistys
generally	yleisesti
generate	Tuottaa
generation	sukupolvi
generative	generatiivinen
generator	generaattori
generic	yleinen
generosity	anteliaisuus
generous	antelias
genesis	synty
genetic	geneettinen
genetics	genetiikka
genial	lupsakka
genie	henkiolento
genital	sukuelinten
genitalia	sukupuolielimet
genius	nero
genocide	kansanmurha
genome	perimä
genre	laji
gent	herrasmies
genteel	herraskainen
gentile	kristitty
gentle	lempeä
gentleman	herrasmies
gentlemanly	sivistynyt
gentleness	lempeys
gently	kevyesti
gentry	säätyläiset
genuine	aito
genus	suku
geographic	maantieteellinen
geographical	maantieteellinen
geography	maantiede
geological	geologinen
geologist	geologi
geology	geologia
geometric	geometrinen
geometry	geometria
geranium	kurjenpolvi
gerbil	gerbil
geriatric	geriatrinen
germ	alkio
german	Saksan kieli
germane	germane
germinate	itää
germination	itävyys
germs	bakteereita
gestation	tiineys
gesture	ele
get	saada
getaway	Lähde pois
getoverit	NO TRANSLATION
getoveryourself	NO TRANSLATION
getup	nouse ylös
getyourown	Hanki omasi
ghastly	kamala
ghetto	getto
ghost	aave
ghostly	aavemainen
ghoul	perverssi
giant	jättiläinen
gibberish	siansaksa
giddy	ajattelematon
gift	lahja
gifted	lahjakas
gifts	lahjat
gig	keikka
gigantic	jättiläismäinen
giggle	kikatus
giggles	kikattaa
giggling	giggling
gigolo	Gigolo
gilded	kullattu
gill	Gill
gills	kidukset
gilt	kullattu
gimmick	kikka
gimp	gimp
gin	gin
ginger	inkivääri
gingerbread	piparkakku
gingerly	varovasti
ginseng	ginseng
giraffe	kirahvi
girder	kannatinpalkki
girdle	vyö
girl	tyttö
girlfriend	tyttöystävä
girlie	girlie
girlish	tyttömäinen
girly	tyttömäinen
girth	ympärysmitta
gist	ydin
give	antaa
giveaway	antaa pois
giver	NO TRANSLATION
giving	antaminen
gizmo	Gizmo
gizzard	lihasmaha
glabrous	karvaton
glacial	hyinen
glacier	jäätikkö
glad	iloinen
glade	metsäaukio
gladiator	gladiaattori
gladness	iloiten
glamorous	lumoava
glamour	hohto
glance	silmäys
gland	rauhanen
glare	mulkoilla
glaring	räikeä
glass	lasi-
glasses	lasit
glassware	lasitavarat
glaucoma	silmänpainetauti
glaze	lasite
glazed	lasitettu
gleam	pilkahdus
gleaming	siinto
glean	poimia
glee	vahingonilo
gleeful	vahingoniloinen
glen	laakso
glib	liukas
glide	liukua
glider	purjelentokone
glimmer	pilkahdus
glimpse	vilaus
glint	kimaltaa
glisten	kimmeltää
glitch	häiriö
glitter	kimallus
glittering	loistelias
gloat	nauttia jnk katselemisesta
global	maailmanlaajuinen
globe	maapallo
globular	pallon muotoinen
gloom	synkkyys
gloomy	synkkä
glorification	ihannointi
glorified	pelkkä
glorify	kirkastaa
glorious	mahtava
glory	kunnia
gloss	kiilto-
glossary	sanasto
glossy	kiiltävä
glove	käsine
gloves	käsineet
glow	hehku
glowing	hehkuva
glucose	glukoosi
glue	liima
glum	apea
glut	kyllästää
gluten	gluteenia
glutton	ahmatti
gluttony	mässäily
glycerin	glyseriiniä
gnat	sääski
gnome	menninkäinen
go	mennä
goal	tavoite
goalie	maalivahti
goals	tavoitteet
goat	vuohi
goatee	pukinparta
gob	monttu
gobble	ahmaista
goblet	pikari
goblin	menninkäinen
god	Jumala
godbless	NO TRANSLATION
goddamn	helvetin
goddamned	helvetin
goddess	jumalatar
godfather	kummisetä
godforsaken	godforsaken
godisgood	Jumala on hyvä
godisgreat	NO TRANSLATION
godless	jumalaton
godlike	godlike
godly	hurskas
godmother	kummitäti
godsend	luojan lykky
godson	kummipoika
gofuckyourself	gofuckyourself
goggle	muljottaa
goggles	suojalasit
gold	kulta-
golden	kultainen
goldfish	kultakala
golf	golf
golfer	golfin pelaaja
golfing	golf
gondola	gondoli
gone	mennyt
goner	olla mennyttä kalua
gong	NO TRANSLATION
gonorrhea	tippuri
goo	liisteri
goober	Goober
good	hyvä
goodbye	Hyvästi
goodday	hyvää päivää
goodfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
goodhealth	NO TRANSLATION
goodie	goodie
goodies	makeiset
goodlife	hyvä elämä
goodly	melkoinen
goodmood	NO TRANSLATION
goodmorning	Hyvää huomenta
goodmusic	hyvää musiikkia
goodness	hyvyys
goodnews	hyviä uutisia
goods	tavarat
goodtimes	hyvät ajat
goodvibes	NO TRANSLATION
goodwill	goodwill
goody	makupalat
gooey	tahmea
goof	hölmö
goofball	goofball
goofy	Typerä
goon	jatka
gooood	gooood
goop	goop
goose	hanhi
gopher	taskurotta
gore	hurme
gorge	rotko
gorgeous	upea
gorilla	gorilla
gory	kammottava
gospel	gospel
gossip	juoru
gothic	gotiikka
gouge	kourutaltta
goulash	gulassi
gourd	kurpitsa
gourmet	gourmet
gout	kihti
govern	hallita
governess	kotiopettajatar
governing	hallitseva
government	hallitus
governmental	valtiosta
governor	kuvernööri
gown	puku
grab	napata
grace	armo
graceful	sorja
gracias	NO TRANSLATION
gracious	armollinen
graciously	armollisesti
grad	NO TRANSLATION
gradation	porrastus
grade	arvosana
graded	lajitellut
grader	luokkalainen
grades	laadut
gradient	kaltevuus
gradschool	NO TRANSLATION
gradual	asteittainen
gradually	vähitellen
graduate	valmistua
graduation	valmistuminen
graffiti	graffiti
graft	siirre
grail	Grail
grain	jyvä
gram	gramma
grammar	kielioppi
grand	suuri
grand theft auto	Grand Theft Auto
grandchild	lapsenlapsi
grandchildren	lastenlapset
granddad	ukki
granddaddy	vaari
granddaughter	tyttärentytär
grandeur	loisto
grandfather	isoisä
grandiose	suurisuuntainen
grandma	mummo
grandmother	isoäiti
grandpa	pappa
grandson	pojanpoika
grandstand	pääkatsomo
grange	maalaistalo
granite	graniitti
granny	mummi
granola	mysli
grant	myöntää
granted	myönnetty
grantee	saaja
grantor	myöntäjä
granular	rakeinen
granule	jyvänen
grape	viinirypäle
grape juice	greippimehu
grapefruit	greippi
grapes	viinirypäleet
grapevine	puskaradio
graph	kaavio
graphic	graafinen
graphics	grafiikka
graphite	grafiitti
grapple	tarttua jhk
grappling	painiskelevat
grasp	ymmärtää
grasping	ahne
grass	ruoho
grasshopper	heinäsirkka
grassy	ruohoinen
grate	raastaa
grated	raastettua
grateful	kiitollinen
gratification	mielihyvä
gratified	tyytyväinen
gratify	tyydyttää
gratifying	ilahduttava
grating	säleikkö
gratis	NO TRANSLATION
gratitude	kiitollisuus
gratuitous	aiheeton
gratuity	palkkio
grave	hauta
gravel	sora
graver	NO TRANSLATION
graveyard	hautausmaa
gravitate	kallistua
gravitation	gravitaatio
gravitational	painovoiman
gravity	painovoima
gravy	paistinkastike
gray	harmaa
graze	laiduntaa
grease	rasva
greased	voideltu
greaser	rasvaaja
greasy	rasvainen
great	loistava
great anticipation	suuri ennakointi
great aunt	isotäti
great disgust	suuri inhotus
great grandfather	isoisoisä
great grandma	suuri mummo
great grandmother	iso-isoäiti
great grandpa	suuri isoisä
great surprise	suuri yllätys
great trust	suuri luottamus
great uncle	isosetä
greatday	NO TRANSLATION
greater	suurempi
greatest	suurin
greatfriends	NO TRANSLATION
greatful	NO TRANSLATION
greatly	suuresti
greatly negative	erittäin kielteisiä
greatly positive	erittäin positiivinen
greatness	suuruus
greatnight	NO TRANSLATION
greed	ahneus
greedy	ahne
green	vihreä
green bean	vihreä papu
green pepper	viherpippuri
green snake	vihreä käärme
greenhouse	kasvihuone
greenish	vihertävä
greenwood	greenwood
greet	tervehtiä
greeted	tervehti
greeting	tervehdys
gregarious	lauma-
grenade	kranaatti
grey	harmaa
greyhound	vinttikoira
grid	ruudukko
gridiron	parila
grief	suru
grievance	epäkohta
grieve	murehtia
grieved	murehti
grieving	sureva
grievous	tuskallinen
griffin	griffin
grill	grilli
grille	ristikko
grilled	grillattu
grim	synkkä
grime	lika
grimy	likainen
grin	virne
grind	jauhaa
grinder	mylly
grinding	hionta
grindstone	tahko
gringo	gringo
grip	pito
gripe	valituksen aihe
grisly	kammottava
grist	rouheet
grit	sisu
grits	ryynit
gritty	hiekkainen
grizzly	harmaakarhu
groan	notkua
grocer	sekatavarakauppias
groceries	ruokaostokset
grocery	ruokakauppa
groggy	huojuva
groin	nivus
groom	sulhanen
groove	ura
groovy	jännä
grope	hipelöidä
gross	brutto
grotesque	groteski
grotto	luola
grouch	mörökölli
grouchy	grouchy
ground	maa
grounded	maadoitettu
groundhog	groundhog
grounding	perustiedot
groundless	perusteeton
grounds	perusteet
groundwork	perustus
group	ryhmä
groupie	fani
grouping	ryhmittymä
grouse	metsäkana
grout	laasti
grove	lehto
grovel	madella
grow	kasvaa
growl	murista
growling	urina
growls	murisee
grownup	aikuinen
growth	kasvu
growthefuckup	growthefuckup
grr	GRR
grrr	grrr
grrrrr	grrrrr
grub	murkina
grubby	epäsiisti
grudge	kauna
grudging	vastahakoinen
grudgingly	vastahakoisesti
gruel	huttu
grueling	uuvuttava
gruesome	hirvittävä
gruff	karhea
grumble	marmattaa
grump	grump
grumpy	pahantuulinen
grunt	ähkyä
grunting	grunting
guacamole	guacamole
guano	guano
guarantee	takuu
guaranty	takeet
guard	vartija
guarded	varovainen
guardhouse	vartiotupa
guardian	holhooja
guardianship	holhous
guards	vartijat
gubernatorial	kuvernöörin
guerilla	NO TRANSLATION
guerrilla	sissi
guess	arvaus
guesser	arvaamaan
guesswork	arvailu
guest	vieras
guesthouse	vieras talo
guidance	opastus
guide	opas
guidebook	opaskirja
guidelines	suuntaviivat
guiding	ohjaava
guild	kilta
guile	petos
guillotine	giljotiini
guilt	syyllisyys
guilty	syyllinen
guinea	Guinea
guise	valepuku
guitar	kitara
guitarist	kitaristi
gules	gules
gulf	kuilu
gull	lokki
gullet	ruokatorvi
gullible	herkkäuskoinen
gully	rotko
gulp	kulaus
gum	purukumi
gumbo	Gumbo
gummy	tahmainen
gumption	neuvokkuus
gun	ase
gunboat	tykkivene
gunfight	ammuskelu
gunfighter	revolverisankari
gunfire	tykkituli
gunk	gunk
gunman	pyssymies
gunmen	pyssymiehiä
gunner	tykkimies
gunnery	tykistö
gunplay	ammuskelua
gunpoint	pyssynpiippu
gunpowder	ruuti
gunshot	laukaus
gunslinger	Karjakoura
gurney	Gurney
guru	guru
gush	pursua
gusher	intoilija
gusset	kiila
gust	puuska
gusto	NO TRANSLATION
gusty	puuskainen
gut	tyhjentää
gutless	arka
guts	suolet
gutsy	sisukas
gutter	räystäskouru
guy	kaveri
guzzler	guzzler
guzzling	guzzling
gym	kuntosali
gymnasium	kuntosali
gymnast	voimistelija
gymnastic	voimistelu-
gymnastics	voimistelu
gynecologist	gynekologi
gynecology	gynekologia
gypsy	mustalainen
gyroscope	gyroskooppi
habit	tapa
habitat	elinympäristö
habitation	asuinpaikka
habitual	tavanomainen
habitually	tavallisesti
hacienda	hacienda
hack	hakata
hacker	hakkeri
hacksaw	rautasaha
hadenough	NO TRANSLATION
hag	akka
haggard	riutunut
haggle	tinkiä
haiku	haiku
hail	rakeet
hair	hiukset
hairball	hairball
hairbrush	hiusharja
haircut	hiustyyli
hairdo	kampaus
hairdresser	kampaaja
hairdryer	hiustenkuivaaja
hairless	karvaton
hairline	hiusraja
hairpin	hiusneula
hairspray	hiuslakka
hairstyle	muotoilu
hairy	karvainen
hale	terve ja reipas
half	puoli
half dollar	puoli dollaria
halfback	tukimies
halftime	puoliaika
halfway	puolitiessä
halibut	ruijanpallas
hall	sali
hallelujah	Hallelujah
hallmark	tunnusmerkki
hallowed	pyhitetty
hallucination	hallusinaatio
hallway	käytävä
halo	sädekehä
halt	pysäyttää
halter	riimu
halting	pysäyttäminen
halve	puolittaa
halving	puolittaminen
ham	kinkku
hamburger	hampurilainen
hamlet	Hamlet
hammer	vasara
hammerhead	hammerhead
hammering	mäiske
hammock	riippumatto
hamper	haitata
hamster	hamsteri
hamstring	lamaannuttaa
hand	käsi
handbag	käsilaukku
handball	Käsipallo
handbook	käsikirja
handcuff	panna käsirautoihin
handful	kourallinen
handgun	käsiase
handheld	kannettavat
handicap	haitta
handicapped	vammainen
handicraft	käsityö
handiwork	kätten työ
handkerchief	nenäliina
handle	kahva
handler	käsittelijä
handmade	käsintehty
handout	luentomoniste
handprint	kädenjälki
handshake	kädenpuristus
handsome	komea
handwriting	käsiala
handy	kätevä
handyman	yleismies
hang	ripustaa
hangar	lentokonesuoja
hanger	ripustin
hanging	riippuva
hangman	pyöveli
hangout	hengailla
hangover	krapula
hangry	HANGRY
hank	vyyhti
hankering	haikailu
hanky	nenäliina
hap	NO TRANSLATION
haphazard	sattumanvarainen
hapless	onnettomat
happen	tapahtua
happening	happening
happier	onnellisempi
happiest	onnellisin
happily	onnellisesti
happiness	onnellisuus
happy	onnellinen
happydance	Hymyilee
happyday	onnen päivä
happyheart	happyheart
happyholidays	NO TRANSLATION
happynewyear	NO TRANSLATION
happyplace	NO TRANSLATION
happytweet	NO TRANSLATION
happyvalentinesday	NO TRANSLATION
harass	häiritä
harassing	ahdistelu
harassment	ahdistelu
harbinger	airut
harbor	satama
hard	kova
hardball	hardball
hardcore	hardcore
harden	kovettua
hardened	karkaistu
hardening	karkaisu
hardheaded	kovapäinen
hardness	kovuus
hardship	vaikeus
hardware	laitteisto
hardwood	jalopuu
hardworking	ahkera
hardy	sitkeä
hare	jänis
harebrained	harebrained
harem	haaremi
hark	kuulkaa
harlot	portto
harm	vahingoittaa
harmful	haitallinen
harmless	harmiton
harmonica	huuliharppu
harmonics	harmoniset
harmonious	harmoninen
harmoniously	harmonisesti
harmonize	yhdenmukaistaa
harmony	harmonia
harness	valjaat
harp	harppu
harper	harper
harpoon	harppuuna
harpsichord	cembalo
harrowing	riipaiseva
harry	ahdistaa
harsh	karkea
harshness	kovuudessa
hart	uroshirvi
harvest	sato
hash	hash
hashish	hasis
hassle	hässäkkä
haste	kiire
hasten	jouduttaa
hastily	hätäisesti
hasty	hätäinen
hat	hattu
hatch	luukku
hatchet	kirves
hate	vihata
hateeee	NO TRANSLATION
hateeveryone	NO TRANSLATION
hateful	vastenmielinen
hater	vihaaja
hateyou	NO TRANSLATION
hating	vihata
hatred	viha
haughty	ylimielinen
haul	saalis
haulage	kuljetus
haunt	kummitella
haunted	ahdisti
have	omistaa
haven	satama
havoc	hävitys
haw	orapihlaja
hawk	haukka
hawking	Hawking
hay	NO TRANSLATION
haye	Haye
hayride	hayride
haystack	heinäsuova
haywire	sekaisin
hazard	vaara
hazardous	vaarallinen
haze	usva
hazmat	hazmat
hazy	utuinen
head	pää
headache	päänsärky
headaches	päänsärkyä
headband	otsanauha
headdress	päähine
header	ylätunniste
headgear	päähine
heading	otsikko
headland	niemenkärki
headless	kannaton
headlight	ajovalot
headline	otsikko
headliner	pääesiintyjä
headlock	headlock
headlong	päistikkaa
headmaster	rehtori
headphones	kuulokkeet
headquarter	päämaja
headquarters	päämaja
headset	kuulokkeet
headstone	hautakivi
headstrong	itsepäinen
headway	eteneminen
heady	huumaava
heal	parantaa
healer	parantaja
healing	paranemista
health	terveys
healthcare	terveydenhuolto
healthful	terveellinen
healthy	terve
heap	pino
hear	kuulla
hearer	kuulija
hearing	kuulo
hearsay	juoru
hearse	ruumisauto
heart	sydän
heart disease	sydänsairaus
heartache	sydänsuru
heartattack	NO TRANSLATION
heartbeat	Sydämenlyönti
heartbreak	sydänsuru
heartbreaker	sydäntenmurskaaja
heartbreaking	sydäntäsärkevä
heartbroken	lohduton
heartburn	närästys
hearted	sydämestä
heartfelt	sydämellinen
hearth	tulisija
heartily	sydämellisesti
heartland	ydinalue
heartless	tunteeton
hearts	hertta
heartsick	sydämin
heartworm	Sydänmatotartunnan
hearty	rempseä
heat	lämpö
heated	lämmitetty
heater	lämmitin
heath	nummi
heathen	pakana
heather	kanerva
heating	lämmitys
heave	läähättää
heaven	taivas
heavenly	taivaallinen
heavens	taivaat
heavily	raskaasti
heaviness	raskaus
heaving	heittoliina
heavy	raskas
heavy metal	hevimetalli
heavyweight	raskaansarjan
heck	pahus
hectares	hehtaaria
hectic	hektinen
hedge	hedge
hedgehog	siili
hedonism	hedonismi
hee	hee
heed	varteen
heel	kantapää
heels	korot
heft	Heft
hefty	mojova
hegemonic	hegemoninen
heheh	NO TRANSLATION
heifer	hieho
height	korkeus
heighten	kohottaa
heightened	kohonnut
heinous	inhottava
heir	perillinen
heiress	perijätär
heirloom	perintökalu
heirs	perilliset
heist	ryöstö
helical	kierteiset
helicopter	helikopteri
helipad	Helipad
heliport	helikopterikenttä
helium	helium
helix	helix
hell	helvetti
hellfire	Hellfire
hellhole	hellhole
hellish	helvetillinen
helm	ruori
helmet	kypärä
helmsman	ruorimies
help	auta
helper	auttaja
helpful	hyödyllinen
helpless	avuton
helplessness	avuttomuus
hem	NO TRANSLATION
hematite	hematiitti
hematoma	hematooma
hemi	hemi
hemisphere	aivopuolisko
hemispheric	hemisfäärissä
hemlock	katko
hemoglobin	hemoglobiini
hemorrhage	verenvuoto
hemorrhoids	peräpukamat
hemostat	hemostat
hemp	hamppu
hen	NO TRANSLATION
henceforth	vastedes
henhouse	kanala
hepatitis	maksatulehdus
herald	airut
heraldry	heraldiikka
herb	yrtti
herbaceous	nurmikasvien
herbal	yrtti-
herbarium	kasvisto
herbs	yrttejä
herd	lauma
hereditary	perinnöllinen
heredity	perinnöllisyys
heresy	harhaoppi
heretic	harhaoppinen
heretical	harhaoppinen
heretofore	tähän mennessä
hereunto	jollaiset tässä
herewith	täten
heritage	perintö
hermaphrodite	hermafrodiitti
hermeneutics	hermeneutiikka
hermit	erakko
hernia	tyrä
hero	sankari
heroic	sankarillinen
heroics	mahtipontisuus
heroin	heroiini
heroine	sankaritar
heroism	sankaruus
herpes	herpes
herpesvirus	herpesvirus
herring	silli
hertz	hertsi
hesitant	epäröivä
hesitate	epäröidä
hesitating	empivä
hesitation	epäröinti
hetero	hetero
heterogeneity	heterogeenisyys
heterosexual	heteroseksuaalinen
hew	veistää
hex	hex
hexagon	kuusikulmio
heyday	kukoistus
hiatus	katkokset
hibernate	talvehtia
hibernation	lepotilan
hiccup	hikka
hick	maalainen
hickey	fritsu
hickory	hikkoripuu
hidden	kätketty
hide	piilottaa
hideaway	piilopaikka
hideous	hirveä
hideout	piilopaikka
hiding	piilossa
hierarchical	hierarkkinen
hierarchy	hierarkia
hieroglyphics	hieroglyfit
high	korkea
high heels	korkokengät
highball	viskigrogi
higher	korkeampi
highest	korkein
highland	ylämaan
highlands	ylängöillä
highlight	kohokohta
highness	korkeutensa
hight	korkeus
hightail	häipyä
highway	valtatie
hijack	kaapata
hijacker	kaappaaja
hike	vaellus
hiker	retkeilijä
hiking	vaellus
hiking boot	vaelluskenkä
hilarious	hilpeä
hilarity	iloisuus
hill	mäki
hillside	mäenrinne
hilltop	kukkulan
hilly	mäkinen
hilt	kahva
hind	taka-
hinder	haitata
hindering	haittaavat
hindrance	este
hindsight	jälkiviisaus
hinge	sarana
hint	vihje
hinterland	takamaa
hip	lonkka
hip hop	hip hop
hippie	hippi
hippo	virtahepo
hippopotamus	virtahepo
hire	vuokraus
hirsute	karvainen
hiss	sihistä
hissing	hurina
histology	histologia
historian	historioitsija
historic	historiallinen
historical	historiallinen
historiography	historiankirjoituksen
history	historia
hit	osuma
hitch	liftata
hitchhike	liftata
hitchhiker	liftari
hitherto	tähän asti
hitter	hitter
hive	Hive
hives	nokkosihottuma
hoard	hamstrata
hoarse	käheä
hoary	harmaantunut
hoax	huijaus
hob	lämpölevy
hobbit	hobitti
hobby	harraste
hobo	kulkuri
hock	kinner
hockey	jääkiekko
hoe	NO TRANSLATION
hog	sika
hogwash	hölynpöly
hohoho	NO TRANSLATION
hoist	talja
hokey	hokey
hold	pitää
holder	pidin
holding	tilalla
holdup	kestä
hole	reikä
holiday	loma-
holidays	juhlapäivät
holidayseason	NO TRANSLATION
holiness	pyhyys
holistic	kokonaisvaltainen
holler	Holler
hollow	ontto
holly	orjanlaakeri
holocaust	holokausti
hologram	hologrammi
holographic	holografinen
holster	pistoolikotelo
holy	pyhä
holyspirit	NO TRANSLATION
homage	kunnianosoitus
hombre	NO TRANSLATION
hombres	NO TRANSLATION
home	Koti
homeboy	Homeboy
homecoming	kotiinpaluu
homeland	kotimaa
homeless	asunnoton
homely	kodikas
homemade	kotitekoinen
homeopathic	homeopaattiset
homeopathy	homeopatia
homeowner	asunnonomistaja
homeroom	luokanvalvoja
homesick	koti-ikävää tunteva
homestead	pientila
homesweethome	oma koti kullan kallis
hometown	kotikaupunki
homeward	paluu-
homework	kotitehtävät
homey	kodikas
homicidal	murhanhimoinen
homicide	murha
homily	saarna
homing	itseohjautuva
hominy	maissiryynit
homo	homo
homogeneity	homogeenisuus
homogeneous	homogeeninen
homologous	homologisia
homologue	homologi
homology	homologia
homophobic	homofobisen
homosexual	homoseksuaalinen
homosexuality	homoseksuaalisuus
honcho	Honcho
hone	hioa
honest	rehellinen
honesty	rehellisyys
honey	hunaja
honeycomb	hunajakenno
honeymoon	häämatka
honeysuckle	kuusama
honk	tuutata
honky	honky
honor	kunnia
honorable	kunniallinen
honorarium	honorarium
honorary	kunnia-
honored	kunnioitettava
hooch	viski
hood	huppu
hooded	hupullinen
hoodlum	roisto
hoof	kavio
hook	koukku
hooked	koukussa
hooker	huora
hookup	liittää yhteen
hooky	koukkuinen
hooligan	huligaani
hoop	vanne
hoopla	hoopla
hooray	Hurraa
hoot	viheltää
hooter	nenä
hop	hypätä
hope	toivoa
hopeful	toiveikas
hopeless	toivoton
hopelessness	toivottomuus
hopes	toivoo
hoping	toivoen
hopper	tuutti
horde	lauma
horizon	horisontti
horizontal	vaakasuora
horizontally	vaakasuunnassa
hormonal	hormoni-
hormone	hormoni
horn	sarvi
horned	sarvipäinen
hornet	herhiläinen
horny	kiimainen
horoscope	horoskooppi
horrendous	kauhistuttava
horrible	kamala
horribly	kauhistuttavan
horrid	hirveä
horrific	kauhistuttava
horrified	kauhuissaan
horrifying	kauhistuttava
horror	kauhu
horrors	kauhut
horse	hevonen
horseback	ratsain
horseman	ratsastajan
horsepower	hevosvoima
horseradish	piparjuuri
horseshit	Horseshit
horseshoe	hevosenkenkä
horsey	hevosrakas
horticultural	puutarha-
horticulture	puutarhanhoito
hosannah	NO TRANSLATION
hose	letku
hosiery	sukat
hospice	terminaalihoito
hospitable	vieraanvarainen
hospital	sairaala
hospitality	vieraanvaraisuus
host	isäntä
hostage	panttivanki
hostel	hostelli
hostess	emäntä
hostile	vihamielinen
hostilities	vihollisuudet
hostility	vihamielisyys
hot	kuuma
hot sauce	tulinen kastike
hotbed	pesäpaikka
hotdog	kuuma koira
hotel	hotelli
hothead	kuumakalle
hotline	puhelinpalvelu
hotshot	kuumakalle
hotyoga	NO TRANSLATION
hound	ajokoira
hour	tunnin
hourglass	tiimalasi
hourly	tunti-
house	talo
houseboat	asuntolaiva
houseboy	houseboy
housebroken	sisäsiisti
houseguest	yövieras
household	kotitalous
householder	isäntä
housekeeper	taloudenhoitaja
housekeeping	taloudenhoito
housewarming	tupaantuliaiset
housewife	kotivaimo
housework	kotityö
housing	kotelo
hovel	hökkeli
hover	häilyä
hovercraft	ilmatyynyalus
howl	ulvonta
howsoever	syystä riippumatta
hoy	NO TRANSLATION
hub	napa
hubby	ukko
huckleberry	mustikka
huddle	värjötellä
hue	värisävy
huff	puuskahtaa
huffy	vihainen
hug	halata
huge	valtava
hugger	hugger
huggy	Huggy
hugs	halauksia
hulk	purkki
hull	runko
hum	hyräillä
human	ihmisen
humane	inhimillinen
humanitarian	humanitaarinen
humanities	humanistiset tieteet
humanity	ihmiskunta
humankind	ihmiskunta
humanoid	humanoidi
humanrights	NO TRANSLATION
humble	nöyrä
humbled	nöyräksi
humbly	nöyrästi
humbug	humpuuki
humdrum	tapahtumaköyhä
humid	kostea
humidity	kosteus
humiliate	nöyryyttää
humiliated	nöyryytetään
humiliating	nöyryyttävä
humiliation	nöyryytys
humility	nöyryys
hummer	hummer
hummingbird	kolibri
humongous	hirvittävästi
humor	huumori
humored	tuulinen
humorist	humoristi
humorous	humoristinen
hump	kyttyrä
humpback	kyttyräselkä
hunch	aavistus
hunchback	kyttyräselkä
hundred	sata
hundredth	sadasosa
hunger	nälkä
hungry	nälkäinen
hunk	kimpale
hunks	hunks
hunky	hunky
hunt	metsästää
hunter	metsästäjä
hunting	metsästys
huntress	Huntress
hurdle	este
hurl	heittää
hurrah	Hurraa
hurricane	Hurrikaani
hurricanes	hurrikaanit
hurried	hätäinen
hurry	kiire
hurryup	NO TRANSLATION
hurt	satuttaa
hurtful	loukkaava
hurting	vahingoittaa
husband	aviomies
husbandry	karjanhoito
hush	hys
hushed	vaimealla
husk	NO TRANSLATION
husky	husky
hussy	letukka
hustle	touhu
hustler	huijari
hut	kota
hutch	häkki
hyacinth	hyasintti
hybrid	hybridi
hydra	tursas
hydrant	vesiposti
hydrate	hydraatti
hydraulic	hydraulinen
hydraulics	hydrauliikka
hydrocephalus	vesipää
hydrodynamics	hydrodynamiikka
hydrogen	vety
hydrographic	hydrografinen
hydrology	hydrologia
hydrophobia	vesikauhu
hydroponics	hydroponics
hyena	hyeena
hygiene	hygienia
hygienic	hygieeninen
hygienist	suuhygienistin
hymen	immenkalvo
hymn	virsi
hype	mainostemppu
hyped	aggressiivisesti
hyper	hyper
hyperactive	yliaktiivinen
hyperbole	liioittelu
hyperspace	hyperavaruus
hypertension	verenpainetauti
hypertrophy	liikakasvu
hyperventilate	hyperventilate
hyperventilating	hyperventilating
hyphen	tavuviiva
hypnosis	hypnoosi
hypnotic	hypnoottinen
hypnotist	hypnotisoija
hypnotize	hypnotisoida
hypnotized	hypnotized
hypochondriac	luulosairas
hypocrisy	tekopyhyys
hypocrite	tekopyhä
hypocritical	tekopyhä
hypodermic	ihonalainen
hypothalamus	hypotalamus
hypothermia	hypotermia
hypothesis	hypoteesi
hypothetical	hypoteettinen
hysterectomy	kohdun poisto
hysteria	hysteria
hysterical	hysteerinen
ibuprofen	ibuprofeeni
ice	jää
ice tea	jään teetä
iceberg	jäävuori
icebox	jääkaappi
icebreaker	jäänmurtaja
iced	jäätynyt
icing	kuorrutus
icky	Icky
icon	ikoni
iconic	ikoninen
iconography	ikonografia
icy	jäinen
id	id
idea	ajatus
ideal	ihanteellinen
idealism	idealismi
idealist	idealisti
idealistic	idealistinen
identical	identtinen
identically	identtisesti
identification	henkilöllisyystodistus
identify	tunnistaa
identity	identiteetti
ideology	ideologia
idiocy	typeryys
idiom	muotokieli
idiomatic	idiomaattinen
idiot	idiootti
idiotic	typerä
idiots	idiootteja
idle	tyhjäkäynti
idleness	toimettomuus
idler	tyhjäntoimittaja
idol	idoli
idolatry	palvonta
idolizing	idolizing
idyllic	idyllinen
iffy	epävarma
ifonly	jos vain
igloo	iglu
igneous	vulkaaninen
ignite	sytyttää
ignition	sytytys
ignorance	tietämättömyys
ignorant	oppimaton
ignore	jättää huomiotta
iguana	iguana
ihatespiders	NO TRANSLATION
ilk	NO TRANSLATION
ill	sairas
illegal	laiton
illegality	laittomuus
illegally	laittomasti
illegible	epäselvä
illegitimate	avioton
illicit	laiton
illiterate	lukutaidoton
illness	sairaus
illogical	epälooginen
illuminate	valaista
illuminating	VALO
illumination	valaistus
illuminator	valaisin
illusion	illuusio
illustrate	valaista
illustration	kuva
illustrative	valaiseva
illustrious	maineikas
ilovechristmas	NO TRANSLATION
iloveher	NO TRANSLATION
image	kuva
imagery	kuvakieli
imaginable	kuviteltavissa
imaginary	kuvitteellinen
imagination	mielikuvitus
imaginative	mielikuvituksellinen
imagine	kuvitella
imagined	kuvitellut
imaging	kuvantaminen
imagining	kuvitella
imam	NO TRANSLATION
imbalance	epätasapaino
imbecile	typerys
imbedded	upotettuna
imissyou	NO TRANSLATION
imitate	jäljitellä
imitated	jäljitelty
imitation	jäljitelmä
immaculate	tahraton
immaterial	epäolennainen
immature	kehittymätön
immaturity	kypsymättömyyttä
immeasurable	mittaamaton
immeasurably	mittaamattomasti
immediacy	välittömyys
immediate	välitön
immediately	heti
immemorial	ikimuistoinen
immense	valtava
immerse	upottaa
immersion	upotus
immigrant	maahanmuuttaja
immigration	maahanmuutto
imminent	lähestyvä
immobile	liikkumaton
immoral	moraaliton
immorality	moraalittomuus
immortal	kuolematon
immortality	kuolemattomuus
immovable	kiinteä
immune	immuuni
immunity	immuniteetti
immunization	immunisaatio
immutable	muuttumaton
imp	pikkupaholainen
impact	vaikutus
impair	heikentää
impaired	heikentynyt
impairment	vajaatoiminta
impart	antaa
impartial	puolueeton
impartiality	puolueettomuus
impassable	läpipääsemätön
impassioned	kiihkeä
impatience	kärsimättömyys
impatient	kärsimätön
impatiently	NO TRANSLATION
impeach	syyttää virkavirheestä
impeachment	virkasyyte
impeccable	moitteeton
impede	haitata
impediment	este
impelled	ajoi
impending	lähestyvä
impenetrable	käsittämätön
imperative	imperatiivi
imperceptible	huomaamaton
imperfect	epätäydellinen
imperfection	puutteellisuus
imperfectly	epätäydellisesti
imperial	keisarillinen
imperialist	NO TRANSLATION
impermeable	läpäisemätön
impermissible	luvattomia
impersonal	persoonaton
impersonate	imitoida
impersonation	imitointi
impersonator	imitoija
impertinence	hävyttömyys
impertinent	nenäkäs
impervious	läpäisemätön
impetuous	kiihkeä
impetus	sysäys
implacable	leppymätön
implant	istuttaa
implantation	istutusta
implanted	istutettu
implement	toteuttaa
implicate	sotkea
implicated	sekaantunut
implication	epäsuorasti
implied	epäsuora
implore	kerjätä
implosion	luhistuminen
imply	vihjata
impolite	epäkohtelias
import	tuonti
importance	merkitys
important	tärkeä
importation	tuonti
impose	määrätä
imposing	vaikuttava
imposition	määrääminen
impossibility	mahdottomuus
impossible	mahdoton
impostor	huijari
impotence	impotenssi
impotent	impotentti
impound	takavarikoida
impoverished	köyhtynyt
impracticable	mahdoton toteuttaa
impractical	epäkäytännöllinen
impregnable	valloittamaton
impregnate	kyllästää
impress	tehdä vaikutus
impressed	vaikuttunut
impression	vaikutus
impressionable	vaikutuksille altis
impressive	vaikuttava
imprint	jälki
imprison	vangita
imprisoned	vangittiin
imprisonment	vankeus
improbable	epätodennäköinen
impromptu	improvisoitu
improper	sopimaton
impropriety	sopimattomuus
improve	parantaa
improved	parantunut
improvement	parannus
improves	parantaa
improving	parantaminen
improvisation	improvisointi
improvise	improvisoida
improvised	improvisoitua
imprudent	harkitsematon
impudence	röyhkeys
impudent	röyhkeä
impulse	impulssi
impulsive	impulsiivinen
impunity	rankaisemattomuus
impure	epäpuhdas
impurity	epäpuhtaus
imputation	syyksi lukeminen
imtryingtosleep	NO TRANSLATION
inability	kykenemättömyys
inaccessible	luoksepääsemätön
inaccurate	epätarkka
inaction	toimettomuus
inactivate	inaktivoida
inactivation	inaktivointi
inactive	epäaktiivinen
inactivity	toimettomuus
inadequacy	riittämättömyys
inadequate	epäpätevä
inadequateness	inadequateness
inadmissible	tutkimatta
inadvertent	tahaton
inadvertently	vahingossa
inaffable	NO TRANSLATION
inalienable	luovuttamaton
inane	typerä
inanimate	eloton
inapplicable	soveltumaton
inappropriate	sopimaton
inattention	tarkkaamattomuus
inaudible	kuulumaton
inaugural	virkaanastujaiset
inaugurate	vihkiä
inauguration	virkaanastujaiset
inborn	synnynnäinen
inbound	saapuvan
inbred	sisäsiittoinen
incalculable	mittaamaton
incandescent	hehkuva
incantation	loitsu
incapable	kyvytön
incapacity	kykenemättömyys
incarceration	vangitseminen
incarnate	ruumiillistunut
incase	varalta
incendiary	palopommi
incense	suitsuke
incensed	suuttunut
incentive	kannustin
inception	alku
incessant	lakkaamaton
incessantly	lakkaamatta
incest	insesti
incestuous	insesti-
inch	tuuma
incidence	esiintyvyys
incident	tapaus
incidental	satunnainen
incidentally	muuten
incineration	poltto
incinerator	jätteenpolttolaitos
incipient	alkava
incision	viilto
incisive	terävä
incite	yllyttää
incitement	yllytys
inclement	kolea
inclination	kaltevuus
incline	rinne
inclined	taipuvainen
include	sisältää
included	Sisältää
including	mukaan lukien
inclusion	sisällyttäminen
inclusive	täydellinen
incognito	tuntemattomana
incoherent	sekava
income	tulo
incoming	saapuva
incomparable	verraton
incompatible	yhteensopimaton
incompetence	epäpätevyys
incompetent	epäpätevä
incomplete	epätäydellinen
incompletely	epätäydellisesti
incompleteness	epätäydellisyys
incomprehensible	käsittämätön
inconceivable	käsittämätön
inconclusive	tulokseton
incongruous	nurinkurinen
inconsequential	merkityksetön
inconsiderate	ajattelematon
inconsistency	epäjohdonmukaisuus
inconsistent	epäjohdonmukainen
inconspicuous	huomaamaton
incontinence	pidätyskyvyttömyys
inconvenience	hankaluus
inconvenient	epämukava
incorporate	sisällyttää
incorporation	liittäminen
incorrect	väärä
incorrigible	parantumaton
increase	lisääntyä
increased	lisääntynyt
incredible	uskomaton
incredulous	epäuskoinen
increment	lisäys
incriminate	syyttää
incriminating	raskauttava
incrimination	rangaistavuuden
incubation	itämisaika
incubator	keskoskaappi
incubus	Incubus
incumbent	vakiintunut
incur	koitua
incurable	parantumaton
incursion	tunkeutuminen
indebted	velkaantunut
indecency	säädyttömyys
indecent	säädytön
indecision	päättämättömyys
indecisive	päättämätön
indefensible	kestämätön
indefinite	epämääräinen
indelible	lähtemätön
indemnification	korvaus
indemnify	hyvittää
indemnity	korvaus
indent	sisennys
indentation	sisennys
indenture	indenture
independence	itsenäisyys
independent	itsenäinen
indescribable	sanoin kuvaamaton
indestructible	rikkoutumaton
indeterminate	määrittelemätön
index	indeksi
indicate	osoittaa
indicating	ilmaisee
indication	osoitus
indicative	alustava
indicator	indikaattori
indice	NO TRANSLATION
indict	syyttää
indictment	syyte
indie	indie
indifference	välinpitämättömyys
indifferent	välinpitämätön
indigenous	kotoperäinen
indigent	köyhä
indigestion	ruoansulatushäiriöt
indignant	tuohtunut
indignation	närkästys
indignity	nöyryytys
indigo	indigo
indirect	epäsuora
indiscreet	tahditon
indiscretion	hairahdus
indispensable	välttämätön
indisposed	huonovointinen
indistinct	epäselvä
indistinguishable	mahdoton erottaa
individual	yksilö
individuality	yksilöllisyys
indivisible	jakamaton
indoctrination	indoktrinaatio
indolent	laiska
indomitable	lannistumaton
indoor	sisä-
induce	indusoida
induced	indusoi
inducement	houkutin
induction	induktio
indulge	langeta
indulgence	hemmottelu
indulgent	hemmotteleva
industrial	teollinen
industrialist	teollisuusmies
industrious	ahkera
industry	ala
ineffable	sanomaton
ineffective	tehoton
ineffectual	tulokseton
inefficiency	tehottomuus
inefficient	tehoton
inelastic	joustamaton
ineligible	tukikelpoisia
inept	taitamaton
ineptitude	taitamattomuus
inequality	eriarvoisuus
inequitable	epäoikeudenmukainen
inert	inertti
inertia	inertia
inevitable	väistämätön
inexact	epätarkka
inexcusable	anteeksiantamaton
inexhaustible	ehtymätön
inexpensive	halpa
inexperience	kokemattomuus
inexperienced	kokematon
inexplicable	selittämätön
inexpressible	sanoin kuvaamaton
infallibility	pettämättömyys
infallible	erehtymätön
infamous	pahamaineinen
infamy	häpeällisyys
infancy	lapsuus
infant	pikkulasten
infanticide	lapsenmurha
infantile	infantiili
infantry	jalkaväki
infarct	infarktin
infatuated	hullaantunut
infatuation	ihastus
infeasible	toteuttamiskelvoton
infect	tartuttaa
infection	infektio
infectious	tarttuva
infer	tehdä johtopäätös
inference	päättely
inferential	inferential
inferior	huonompi
inferiority	alemmuus
infernal	helvetillinen
inferno	helvetti
infertile	hedelmätön
infertility	hedelmättömyys
infestation	tartuntoja
infidel	uskoton
infidelity	uskottomuus
infield	sisäkenttä
infiltrate	tunkeutua
infiltration	tunkeutuminen
infinite	ääretön
infinitely	äärettömän
infinitesimal	äärettömän pieni
infinity	äärettömyys
infirm	heikko
infirmary	sairaala
infirmity	heikkous
inflammation	tulehdus
inflammatory	tulehduksellinen
inflatable	puhallettava
inflate	paisuttaa
inflated	paisuttivat
inflation	inflaatio
inflection	taivutus
inflict	aiheuttaa
infliction	aiheuttaminen
inflorescence	kukinto
influence	vaikutus
influential	vaikutusvaltainen
influenza	influenssa
influx	tulva
info	tiedot
infomercial	tietoiskuja
inform	ilmoittaa
informal	epävirallinen
informant	ilmiantaja
information	tiedot
informative	informatiivinen
informed	ilmoitti
informer	ilmiantaja
infraction	infraction
infrared	infrapuna
infrastructure	infrastruktuuri
infrequent	harvinainen
infrequently	harvoin
infringement	rikkominen
infuriate	raivostuttaa
infuriated	raivostunut
infuriates	raivostuttaa
infuriating	raivostuttava
infuse	valaa
infused	täynnä jtk
infuser	infuser
infusion	infuusio
ingenious	nerokas
ingenuity	nerokkuus
ingest	nielemään
ingestion	nieleminen
ingot	harkko
ingrained	syöpynyt
ingrate	kiittämätön
ingredient	ainesosa
ingress	sisääntulo
inhabit	asuttavat
inhabitant	asukas
inhabited	asuttu
inhabiting	elävät
inhalation	hengitysteitse
inhale	hengittää sisään
inhaler	sumutin
inherent	luontainen
inherit	periä
inheritance	perintö
inhibit	estää
inhibition	esto
inhibitor	estäjä
inhospitable	karu
inhuman	epäinhimillinen
inhumane	epäinhimillinen
inhumanity	epäinhimillisyys
inimaginable	NO TRANSLATION
inimical	vihamielinen
inimitable	jäljittelemätön
iniquity	vääryys
initial	alkukirjain
initiate	aloittaa
initiated	aloitettu
initiation	aloittamista
initiative	aloite
inject	pistää
injection	injektio
injunction	kielto
injure	vahingoittaa
injured	loukkaantunut
injuring	loukkaantui
injurious	vahingollinen
injury	vahinko
injustice	epäoikeudenmukaisuus
ink	muste
inkling	aavistus
inland	sisämaan
inlay	upotus
inlet	tuloaukko
inmate	vanki
inn	majatalo
innards	sisuskalut
innate	synnynnäinen
inner	sisäinen
innermost	sisin
innerpeace	NO TRANSLATION
inning	pelivuoro
innings	sisävuoro
innkeeper	majatalonisäntä
innocence	viattomuus
innocent	viaton
innocently	viattomasti
innocuous	harmiton
innovate	innovoida
innovation	innovaatio
innovative	innovatiivinen
innuendo	vihjailu
innumerable	lukematon
inoculation	rokotus
inoperable	toimimattomaksi
inoperative	tehoton
inordinate	kohtuuton
inorganic	epäorgaaninen
input	panos
inquest	kuolemansyyntutkinta
inquire	tiedustella
inquirer	Inquirer
inquiring	kysyvä
inquiry	tiedustelu
inquisitive	utelias
inquisitor	inkvisiittori
insane	hullu
insanity	järjettömyys
insatiable	kyltymätön
inscription	kirjoitus
inscrutable	tutkimaton
insect	hyönteinen
insecticide	hyönteismyrkky
insecure	epävarma
insecurity	epävarmuus
insemination	keinosiemennys
insensitive	tunteeton
inseparable	erottamaton
insert	lisätä
inserted	Lisätään
insertion	lisäys
inside	sisällä
insider	sisäpiirin
insidious	salakavala
insight	oivallus
insightful	oivaltava
insignia	arvomerkki
insignificance	merkityksettömyys
insignificant	merkityksetön
insinuate	vihjailla
insipid	mauton
insist	vaatia
insistence	vaatimus
insistent	itsepintainen
insists	vaatii
insolence	röyhkeys
insolent	röyhkeä
insoluble	liukenematon
insolvency	maksukyvyttömyys
insolvent	maksukyvytön
insomnia	unettomuus
insomniac	unettomuudesta kärsivä
inspect	tarkastaa
inspection	tarkastus
inspector	tarkastaja
inspiration	inspiraatio
inspirational	innostava
inspire	innostaa
inspired	innoittunut
instability	epävakaisuus
install	Asentaa
installation	asennus
installment	erä
instance	ilmentymä
instant	välitön
instantaneous	välitön
instantaneously	välittömästi
instigate	käynnistää
instigation	yllytys
instill	istuttaa
instinct	vaisto
instinctive	vaistomainen
institute	instituutti
institution	instituutio
instruct	opettaa
instructed	ohjeiden
instruction	ohje
instructional	neuvonta
instructions	ohjeet
instructive	opettavainen
instructor	ohjaaja
instrument	väline
instrumental	instrumentaalinen
instrumentalist	instrumentalisti
instrumentality	instrumentality
insubordination	niskoittelu
insufferable	sietämätön
insufficiency	riittämättömyys
insufficient	riittämätön
insufficiently	riittämättömästi
insular	saaristo-
insulate	eristää
insulated	eristetyt
insulation	eristys
insulin	insuliini
insult	loukkaus
insulting	loukkaavia
insurance	vakuutus
insure	taata
insurgent	kapinallinen
insurmountable	ylipääsemätön
insurrection	kapina
intact	vahingoittumaton
intake	otto
intangible	aineettomien
integer	kokonaisluku
integral	olennainen
integrate	yhdistää
integration	integraatio
integrity	eheys
intellect	äly
intellectual	älyllinen
intelligence	älykkyys
intelligent	älykäs
intelligibility	ymmärrettävyyden
intelligible	ymmärrettävä
intend	aikoo
intended	tarkoitettu
intending	aikovat
intense	voimakas
intensely	erittäin
intensify	tehostaa
intensity	intensiteetti
intensive	intensiivinen
intent	tahallisuus
intention	tarkoitus
intentional	tahallinen
intentionally	tarkoituksella
inter	inter
interact	olla vuorovaikutuksessa
interaction	vuorovaikutus
interactive	interaktiivinen
intercede	puhua
intercept	siepata
interception	sieppaus
intercession	esirukous
interchange	vaihtaa
interchangeable	vaihdettava
interchanged	vaihtaa keskenään
intercom	sisäpuhelin
intercourse	kanssakäyminen
interdependence	keskinäinen riippuvuus
interdependent	toisistaan ​​riippuvaiset
interdiction	interdiction
interest	kiinnostuksen kohde
interested	kiinnostunut
interesting	mielenkiintoista
interface	liitäntä
interfere	häiritä
interference	häiriö
interferometer	interferometri
intergalactic	tähtienvälinen
interim	väliaikainen
interior	sisusta
interject	heittää väliin
interlocutory	välituomiossa
interlude	välisoitto
intermediary	välittäjä
intermediate	väli-
interment	hautaus
interminable	loputon
intermission	väliaika
intermittent	ajoittainen
intern	harjoittelija
internal	sisäinen
internally	sisäisesti
international	kansainvälinen
internet	Internet
internship	Työharjoittelu
interoffice	interoffice
interpolate	interpoloida
interpolation	interpolointi
interpret	tulkita
interpretation	tulkinta
interpreter	tulkki
interpretive	tulkitseva
interrelated	toisiinsa liittyvät
interrogate	kuulustella
interrogation	kuulustelu
interrupt	keskeyttää
interrupted	keskeytynyt
interrupting	keskeyttämättä
interruption	keskeytys
interrupts	keskeytykset
intersect	leikata
intersection	leikkauspiste
interstate	osavaltioiden välinen
interstellar	tähtienvälinen
interstitial	interstitiaalinen
interval	aikaväli
intervene	puuttua asiaan
intervening	välissä oleva
intervention	interventio
interview	haastatella
interviewer	haastattelija
interworking	verkkosovittimen
intestate	testamenttia
intestinal	suolisto-
intestine	suoli
intestines	suolet
intimacy	läheinen suhde
intimate	intiimi
intimately	läheisesti
intimation	vihjaus
intimidate	pelotella
intimidated	peloteltu
intimidating	pelottava
intimidation	uhkailu
intolerable	sietämätön
intolerance	suvaitsemattomuus
intolerant	suvaitsematon
intonation	intonaatio
intoxicated	päihtynyt
intoxicating	päihdyttävä
intoxication	päihtymys
intracranial	kallonsisäinen
intractable	hankala
intramural	omassa piirissä tapahtuva
intravenous	suonensisäinen
intrepid	peloton
intricate	monimutkainen
intrigue	juoni
intriguing	kiehtova
intrinsic	luontainen
intrinsically	itsessään
intro	intro
introduce	esitellä
introduction	esittely
introductory	alustava
introspection	itsetutkiskelun
introspective	introspektiivinen
intrude	tungetella
intruder	tunkeutuja
intrusion	tunkeutumisen
intrusive	tunkeileva
intubation	intubaatio
intuition	intuitio
intuitive	intuitiivinen
intuitively	intuitiivisesti
inundation	tulva
invade	hyökätä
invader	maahanhyökkääjä
invalid	pätemätön
invalidate	mitätöidä
invalidation	mitätöinti
invalidity	työkyvyttömyys
invaluable	korvaamaton
invariably	poikkeuksetta
invasion	invaasio
invasive	invasiivisia
invent	keksiä
invention	keksintö
inventive	kekseliäs
inventor	keksijä
inventory	inventaario
inverse	käänteinen
inversely	käänteisesti
inversion	inversio
invert	inverttisokeri
inverted	käänteinen
invest	sijoittaa
investigate	tutkia
investigation	tutkimus
investigative	tutkiva
investigator	tutkija
investment	investointi
investor	sijoittaja
invidious	epäkiitollinen
invigorate	virkistää
invincible	voittamaton
invisibility	näkymättömyys
invisible	näkymätön
invitation	kutsu
invite	kutsu
inviting	houkutteleva
invocation	rukous
invoice	lasku
invoke	vedota
involuntary	tahaton
involution	kiertyminen
involve	sisältää
involvement	osallistuminen
invulnerable	haavoittumaton
inwards	sisäänpäin
iodine	jodi
ion	ioni
iota	hitunen
irate	raivostunut
ire	NO TRANSLATION
iridescent	värikkäiden
iris	iiris
irked	irked
irks	irks
iron	rauta-
ironclad	panssaroitu
ironic	ironinen
irons	silitysrauta
irony	ironia
irradiation	säteilytys
irrational	irrationaalinen
irrationality	järjettömyyttä
irreconcilable	sovittamaton
irreducible	redusoitumatonta
irrefutable	kieltämätön
irregular	epäsäännöllinen
irregularity	epäsäännöllisyys
irregularly	epäsäännöllisesti
irrelevant	merkityksetön
irreparable	korjaamaton
irreplaceable	korvaamaton
irrepressible	lannistumaton
irresistible	vastustamaton
irrespective	katsomatta
irresponsible	vastuuton
irreverent	epäkunnioittava
irreversible	peruuttamaton
irrevocable	peruuttamaton
irrigate	kastella
irrigation	kastelu
irritability	ärtyvyys
irritable	ärtyisä
irritate	ottaa päähän
irritated	ärtynyt
irritates	ärsyttää
irritating	ärsyttävä
irritation	ärsytys
island	saari
isle	saari
islet	luoto
isolate	eristää
isolated	yksittäinen
isolation	eristäminen
isomorphism	isomorphism
isothermal	isoterminen
isotope	isotooppi
issue	ongelma
itch	kutittaa
itching	kutina
itchy	kutiava
item	erä
itemize	eritellä
items	kohdetta
iterate	toistaa
iteration	iteraatio
iterative	iteratiivinen
itinerant	kiertävä
itinerary	matkareitti
ivory	norsunluu
jab	tökätä
jabber	pälpättää
jack	tunkki
jackal	sakaali
jackass	pölkkypää
jacket	takki
jackhammer	jackhammer
jackpot	jättipotti
jackrabbit	Jackrabbit
jacks	liittimet
jade	jade
jaded	uupunut
jag	NO TRANSLATION
jagged	rosoinen
jaguar	jaguaari
jail	vankila
jailbird	vankilakundi
jailbreak	karkaaminen
jailer	vanginvartija
jailhouse	Jailhouse
jalopy	vanha rämä
jam	hillo
jamboree	jamboree
jammed	juuttunut
jammer	jammer
janitor	talonmies
janitorial	Talonmiespalvelut
japan	Japani
jar	purkki
jargon	ammattikieli
jarhead	Merijalkaväen mies
jarring	vihlova
jasmine	jasmiini
jasper	jaspis
jaundice	keltatauti
jaunt	huviretki
java	Jaava
javelin	keihäs
jaw	leuka
jawbone	leukaluu
jaws	suu
jay	närhi
jazz	jazz
jazzy	vauhdikas
jealous	mustasukkainen
jealousy	mustasukkaisuus
jean	Jean
jeans	farkut
jeep	jeeppi
jeering	jeering
jelly	hyytelö
jellybean	jellybean
jellyfish	meduusa
jenny	Jenny
jeopardize	vaarantaa
jeopardy	vaara
jerk	ääliö
jerks	nykäyksiä
jerky	nykivä
jersey	jersey
jest	NO TRANSLATION
jester	hovinarri
jesus	Jeesus
jet	suihkukone
jetty	aallonmurtaja
jewel	helmi
jeweler	jalokivikauppias
jewelry	korut
jib	nostovarsi
jiff	NO TRANSLATION
jiffy	hetkinen
jig	pilkki
jiggle	heilua
jigsaw	palapeli
jihad	jihad
jimmy	sorkkarauta
jingle	loru
jinx	huono onni
jitters	hermostuneisuus
jittery	hermostunut
jive	Jive
job	Job
jobinterview	NO TRANSLATION
jock	Juva
jockey	kuski
jockstrap	alasuojus
jog	hölkätä
jogger	hölkkääjä
john	Johannes
join	liittyä seuraan
joined	liittyi
joining	tuloaan
joint	yhteinen
jointly	yhdessä
joke	vitsi
joker	jokeri
joking	huulenheitto
jolly	hilpeä
jolt	täristää
jornada	NO TRANSLATION
jot	hitunen
jour	NO TRANSLATION
journal	päiväkirja
journalism	journalismi
journalist	toimittaja
journalistic	journalistinen
journey	matka
journeyman	kisälli
joust	turnaus
jovial	lupsakka
joy	ilo
joyful	iloinen
joyous	riemukas
joyride	autohurjastelu
joys	ilot
jubilant	riemukas
jubilee	riemujuhla
judge	tuomari
judged	arvostellaan
judging	päätellen
judgment	tuomio
judgmental	tuomitseva
judicial	oikeudellinen
judiciary	oikeuslaitos
judicious	järkevä
judo	judo
jug	kannu
juggle	pallotella
juggler	jonglööri
juggling	jongleerausta
jugular	kaulasuoni
juice	mehu
juicer	juicer
juicy	mehukas
juju	NO TRANSLATION
juke	Juke
jukebox	levyautomaatti
jumble	sekamelska
jumbled	sekaisin
jumbo	jumbo
jump	hypätä
jump rope	hyppynaru
jumper	jumpperi
jumpsuit	jumpsuit
jumpy	hermostunut
junction	liittymä
juncture	liitos
jungle	viidakko
junior	nuorempi
juniper	kataja
junk	romu
junket	kekkerit
junkie	narkkari
junky	junky
junkyard	romutus
junta	juntta
juridical	juridinen
jurisdiction	toimivalta
jurisprudence	oikeustiede
jurist	juristi
juror	palkintotuomari
jury	tuomaristo
justice	oikeudenmukaisuus
justifiable	oikeutettu
justification	oikeutus
justify	perustella
juststop	NO TRANSLATION
justthebeginning	NO TRANSLATION
jute	juutti
juvenile	nuorten-
juxtaposition	rinnastus
kaiser	Kaiser
kale	lehtikaali
kaleidoscope	kaleidoskooppi
kamikaze	kamikaze-
kangaroo	kenguru
kanji	kanji
kappa	kappa
kaput	NO TRANSLATION
karaoke	karaoke
karate	karate
karma	karma
karmic	karmic
kayak	kajakki
kazoo	kazoo
kebab	kebab
keel	köli
keen	innokas
keep	pitää
keeper	maalivahti
keeping	pito
keepsake	muistoesine
keg	lekkeri
kelp	rakkolevä
ken	ken
kennel	kennel
kerchief	huivi
kern	Kern
kernel	ydin
kerosene	kerosiini
ketchup	ketsuppi
kettle	kattila
key	avain
keyboard	näppäimistö
keyed	näppäilty
keyhole	avaimenreikä
keynote	pääajatus
keypad	näppäimet
keystone	kulmakivi
keyword	avainsana
khaki	khaki
khan	kaani
kibble	nappulat
kick	potkia
kickboxing	potkunyrkkeily
kicker	propelli
kicking	potkiminen
kickoff	käynnistää
kid	lapsi
kidder	Kidder
kidding	leikkiä
kiddo	kiddo
kiddos	kiddos
kidnap	siepata
kidnapped	kidnapattu
kidnapper	sieppaaja
kidnapping	kaappaus
kidney	munuainen
kids	Lasten
kill	tappaa
killer	tappaja
killing	tappaminen
killjoy	ilonpilaaja
kiln	polttouuni
kilo	NO TRANSLATION
kilogram	kilogramma
kilometer	kilometri
kilt	kiltti
kimono	kimono
kin	sukulaiset
kind	kiltti
kindergarten	lastentarha
kindling	sytykkeet
kindness	ystävällisyys
kindred	sukulais-
kinematics	kinematiikka
kinesiology	Kinesiologia
kinetic	kineettinen
king	kuningas
king snake	kuningas käärme
kingdom	kuningaskunta
kingpin	pomo
kink	omituisuus
kinky	perverssi
kinship	sukulaisuus
kiosk	kioski
kirk	Kirk
kiss	suudella
kisser	suutelija
kissy	kissy
kit	pakki
kitchen	keittiö
kite	leija
kitten	kissanpentu
kiwi	kiivi
klutz	klutz
knack	taito
knapsack	selkäreppu
knead	vaivata
knee	polvi
kneecap	polvilumpio
kneel	polvistua
kneeling	polvillaan
knell	kuolinkellot
knick	knick
knickers	alushousut
knife	veitsi
knight	ritari
knighthood	ritarius
knit	neuloa
knob	nuppi
knock	koputtaa
knockoff	knockoff
knockout	tyrmäys
knoll	kumpu
knot	solmu
knots	solmua
knotted	solmitut
know	tietää
knowing	tietäen
knowingly	tahallaan
knowledge	tuntemus
knowledgeable	asiantunteva
knuckle	rysty
knucklehead	Knucklehead
knuckles	rystyset
koala	koala
kook	NO TRANSLATION
kooky	kooky
kool-aid	Kool-Aid
kos	Kos
kosher	kunnollinen
kraut	NO TRANSLATION
kris	Kris
kryptonite	kryptonite
kudos	maine
kumquat	kumkvatit
lab	laboratorio
label	etiketti
labor	työvoima
laboratory	laboratorio
labored	vaivalloinen
laborer	työmies
laboring	laboring
laborious	työläs
labyrinth	labyrintti
lac	Lac
lace	pitsi
laceration	haava
lack	puute
lackey	lakeija
lacking	puuttuva
lackluster	lattea
lacquer	lakka
lacrosse	lacrosse
lactose	laktoosi
lad	poika
ladder	tikapuut
laddie	piltti
laden	kuormattu
lading	laivaan
ladle	kauha
lady	nainen
lady bug	NO TRANSLATION
ladybug	leppäkerttu
ladylike	hienostunut
ladyship	armonne
lag	viive
lager	NO TRANSLATION
lagging	jääneillä
lagoon	laguuni
lair	pesä
laity	maallikot
lake	järvi
lama	NO TRANSLATION
lamb	lammas
lame	ontuva
lament	valittaa
lamenting	valittavan
lamina	lamina
laminated	laminoitu
lamp	lamppu
lamppost	lyhtypylväs
lance	peitsi
lancer	lancer
land	maa
landed	laskeutunut
landfall	maantuntuma
landfill	kaatopaikka
landing	lasku
landlady	emäntä
landlocked	sisämaavaltio
landlord	vuokraisäntä
landmark	maamerkki
lands	maat
landscape	maisema
landscaping	maisemasuunnittelu
landslide	maanvyörymä
lane	kaista
language	Kieli
languid	raukea
languish	nääntyä
languishing	riutuva
lanky	hontelo
lantern	lyhty
lap	kierros
lapdog	sylikoira
lapel	käänne
lapse	lipsahdus
lapsed	rauennut
laptop	kannettava tietokone
larceny	varkaus
lard	laardi
larder	ruokakaappi
large	suuri
larger	suuremmat
largo	NO TRANSLATION
lark	kiuru
larva	toukka
laryngitis	kurkunpään tulehdus
larynx	kurkunpää
lasagna	lasagne
laser	laser
lash	luimia
lass	tyttö
lasso	lasso
lastday	NO TRANSLATION
lasting	kestävä
lastminute	viimeinen minuutti
latch	salpa
late	myöhään
lateness	myöhäinen
latent	piilevä
lateral	lateraalinen
laterally	sivusuunnassa
latex	lateksi
lathe	sorvi
lather	vaahdota
latitude	leveysaste
latrine	käymälä
latrines	käymälät
latte	latte
lattice	ristikko
laud	ylistää
laudable	kiitettävä
laudation	laudation
laudatory	ylistelevä
laugh	nauraa
laughable	naurettava
laughing	naurava
laughingstock	NO TRANSLATION
laughs	nauraa
laughter	nauru
launch	tuoda markkinoille
launcher	kantoraketti
launches	lanseeraukset
launder	pestä
laundering	rahanpesuun
laundry	pesula
laureate	palkinnonsaaja
laurel	laakeri
laurels	laakeriseppele
lava	laava
lavage	huuhtelu
lavatory	WC
lavender	laventeli
lavish	ylenmääräinen
law	laki
lawful	laillinen
lawless	laiton
lawlessness	laittomuuden
lawman	Lawman
lawn	nurmikko
lawnmower	ruohonleikkuri
lawsuit	oikeusjuttu
lawyer	lakimies
lax	löyhä
laxative	laksatiivi
lay	asettaa
layaway	layaway
layer	kerros
layered	kerroksittainen
layman	maallikko
layout	layout
layover	välilasku
laziness	laiskuus
lazy	laiska
lazyday	NO TRANSLATION
lea	keto
lead	johtaa
leaded	lyijypitoinen
leader	johtaja
leadership	johto
leading	johtava
leads	johtaa
leaf	puun lehti
leaflet	esite
leafy	lehtevä
league	liiga
leak	vuotaa
leakage	vuoto
leaky	vuotava
lean	nojata
leaned	nojautui
leaning	kalteva
leap	harppaus
learn	oppia
learned	oppinut
learner	oppilas
learning	oppiminen
lease	vuokrata
leash	talutushihna
leather	nahka-
leathery	nahkea
leave	jättää
leavemealone	Jätä minut rauhaan
leaving	jättäen
lecherous	irstas
lecture	luento
lecturer	lehtori
ledge	hylly
ledger	pääkirja
lee	suojanpuoli
leech	iilimato
leeches	iilimatoja
leer	NO TRANSLATION
leery	varovainen
lees	NO TRANSLATION
leeway	pelivara
left	vasen
leftout	NO TRANSLATION
leftover	jäänne
leftovers	ruoantähteet
lefty	vasuri
leg	jalka
legacy	perintö
legal	oikeudellinen
legality	laillisuus
legalize	laillistaa
legalized	laillistettu
legally	oikeudellisesti
legend	legenda
legendary	legendaarinen
legibility	luettavuus
legible	helposti luettava
legion	legioona
legislate	säätää lakeja
legislation	lainsäädäntö
legislative	lainsäädännöllinen
legislator	lainsäätäjä
legislature	lainsäätäjä
legit	legit
legitimacy	oikeutus
legitimate	laillinen
lego	lego
legs	jalat
legume	palkokasvien
legwork	legwork
leisure	vapaa-
leisurely	verkalleen
lemma	lemma
lemon	sitruuna
lemonade	limsa
lend	lainata
lender	luotonantaja
lending	luotonanto
length	pituus
lengthen	pidentää
lengthened	pidentyneet
lengthening	pidentäminen
lengthwise	pitkittäin
lengthy	pitkähkö
leniency	lempeys
lenient	lempeä
lens	linssi
leopard	leopardi
leotard	trikoot
leper	spitaalinen
leprechaun	Menninkäisen
leprosy	lepra
lesbian	lesbo
lesbianism	lesbous
lesion	vamma
less	Vähemmän
lessee	vuokralainen
lessen	vähentyä
lessening	vähentyminen
lesser	vähemmän
lesson	oppitunti
lessor	vuokranantaja
let	antaa
lethal	tappava
lethargic	unelias
lethargy	uneliaisuus
letter	kirje
lettered	oppinut
letterhead	kirjepapereissa
lettering	tekstaus
letters	kirjaimet
lettuce	lehtisalaatti
leukemia	leukemia
levee	aamuvastaanotto
level	taso
lever	vipu
leverage	vaikutusvalta
levitate	leijailla
levy	vero
lewd	irstas
lexicon	sanakirja
ley	NO TRANSLATION
liabilities	velat
liability	vastuu
liable	velvollinen
liaison	yhteys
liar	valehtelija
libel	kunnianloukkaus
libelous	herjaava
liberal	liberaali
liberalism	liberalismi
liberate	vapauttaa
liberated	vapautunut
liberating	vapauttava
liberation	vapautus
liberty	vapaus
libido	libido
librarian	kirjastonhoitaja
library	kirjasto
libretto	libretto
lice	täitä
license	lisenssi
lichen	jäkälä
lick	nuolla
licorice	lakritsi
lid	kansi
lie	valehdella
liege	lääninherra
lien	panttioikeus
lieu	panttioikeus
lieutenant	luutnantti
life	elämä
lifeblood	elinehto
lifeboat	pelastusvene
lifeguard	hengenpelastaja
lifeisgood	elämä on hyvää
lifeless	eloton
lifelike	elävä
lifeline	elinehto
lifelong	elinikäinen
lifer	elinkautinen vanki
lifesaver	hengenpelastaja
lifestyle	elämäntapa
lifesucks	elämä kusee
lifetime	elinikä
lift	hissi
lifted	nostettu
liftoff	laukaisuun
ligament	nivelside
ligation	ligaatio
ligature	sidos
light	valo
light year	valovuosi
lightbulb	hehkulamppu
lighten	keventää
lightheaded	pyörrytystä
lighthouse	majakka
lighting	valaistus
lightness	kepeys
lightning	salama
lights	valot
lightweight	kevyt
likable	sympaattinen
like	Kuten
likelihood	todennäköisyys
likely	todennäköisesti
likeness	samankaltaisuus
likewise	samoin
liking	mieleen
lilac	liila
lily	lilja
limb	raaja
limber	notkea
limbo	limbo
lime	lime
limelight	parrasvalot
limestone	kalkkikivi
limey	britti
limit	raja
limitation	rajoitus
limited	rajallinen
limitless	rajaton
limo	limo
limousine	limusiini
limp	ontua
lin	lin
line	linja
lineage	sukuperä
lineal	suoraviivainen
linear	lineaarinen
linebacker	linebacker
lined	vuorattu
linen	liinavaatteet
liner	vuoraus
lines	linjat
lineup	jonottaa
linger	viipyä
lingerie	alusvaatteet
lingering	viipyvä
lingo	mongerrus
lingual	monikielinen
linguini	linguini
linguist	kielitieteilijä
linguistic	kielellinen
linguistics	kielitiede
lining	vuori
link	linkki
linoleum	korkkimatto
lint	nukka
lion	leijona
lip	huuli
liposuction	rasvaimu
lipstick	huulipuna
liquefaction	nesteytyslaitokset
liquefied	nesteytetty
liqueur	likööri
liquid	neste
liquidate	likvidoida
liquidation	selvitystila
liquidator	selvitysmies
liquidity	likviditeetti
liquor	viina
lira	NO TRANSLATION
lisp	lespata
list	lista
listen	kuunnella
listener	kuuntelija
listenting	NO TRANSLATION
listing	listaus
listless	välinpitämätön
listneing	NO TRANSLATION
litany	litania
liter	litra
literacy	lukutaito
literal	kirjaimellinen
literally	kirjaimellisesti
literary	kirjallisuuden-
literature	kirjallisuus
lithe	notkea
lithium	litium
lithograph	litografia
lithography	kivipaino
lithology	kivilajeiltaan
lithosphere	lithosphere
litigant	asianosainen
litigate	käräjöidä
litigation	oikeudenkäynti
litigator	litigator
litigious	käräjöimishaluinen
litter	kuivikkeet
little	vähän
littlethings	pienet asiat
littoral	ranta-
liturgy	liturgia
live	elää
livelife	elä elämää
livelihood	toimeentulo
lively	vilkas
liven	elävöittää
liver	maksa
livery	livree
livestock	karja
livid	raivoissaan
living	elävä
lizard	lisko
llama	laama
lml	LML
load	ladata
loader	kuormaaja
loaf	leipä
loafer	tyhjäntoimittaja
loam	savimaata
loan	lainata
loath	haluton
loathe	inhota
loathful	inhottava
loathing	inho
loathsome	inhottava
lobby	aula
lobbyist	lobbisti
lobe	lohko
lobotomy	lobotomia
lobster	hummeri
local	paikallinen
locale	maa
locality	sijainti
localization	lokalisointi
localize	paikallistaa
localized	lokalisoitu
locate	paikantaa
location	sijainti
locator	paikannin
loch	järvi
lock	Lukko
locker	kaappi
locket	medaljonki
locksmith	lukkoseppä
lockup	lukita
loco	veturi
locomotion	liikkumiskyky
locomotive	veturi
locust	heinäsirkka
lode	NO TRANSLATION
lodge	jättää
lodger	asukki
lodging	majapaikka
loft	parvi
lofty	ylevä
log	loki
logarithm	logaritmi
logarithmic	logaritminen
logic	logiikka
logical	looginen
logistics	logistiikka
logo	logo
logotype	logo
loin	NO TRANSLATION
lollipop	tikkukaramelli
lone	yksinäinen
loneliness	yksinäisyys
lonely	yksinäinen
loner	yksinolija
lonesome	yksinäinen
long	pitkä
longboat	Longboat
longevity	pitkäikäisyys
longing	kaipaus
longitude	pituusaste
longitudinal	pitkittäinen
longitudinally	pitkittäin
longtime	pitkä aika
loo	vessa
look	Katso
looker	todistaja
lookout	Varo
loom	kangaspuut
looming	uhkaavaan
loon	kuikka
loony	mielipuoli
loop	silmukka
loophole	porsaanreikä
loopy	loopy
loose	löysä
loosen	löysätä
loosening	löystyminen
loot	ryöstää
lop	lerpattaa
lopsided	vino
lord	herra
lords	ylähuone
lordship	herruudesta
lore	Lore
lorry	rekka
lose	menettää
loser	häviäjä
losing	menettää
loss	menetys
lost	menetetty
lot	erä
lotion	kosteusemulsio
lots	paljon
lottery	arpajaiset
lotto	lotto
lotus	lootus
loud	äänekäs
loudly	kovaäänisesti
loudmouth	suunsoittaja
loudness	äänekkyys
loudspeaker	kaiutin
lounge	aula
lounging	oleskelu
louse	täi
lousy	kurja
lovable	rakastettava
love	rakkaus
loved	rakastettu
lovee	lovee
loveee	loveee
loveless	rakkaudeton
lovelife	NO TRANSLATION
loveliness	ihanuutta
lovelovelove	NO TRANSLATION
lovely	ihana
lovemaking	rakastelu
lovemylife	NO TRANSLATION
lover	rakastaja
lovesick	lemmensairas
lovethis	rakasta tätä
loving	rakastava
lovinglife	rakastaa elämää
lovinlife	lovinlife
low	matala
lowdown	lowdown
lower	alempi
lowering	alentava
lowest	alin
lowlands	alanko
lowlife	Lowlife
lowly	nöyrä
lox	lox
loyal	uskollinen
loyalty	uskollisuus
lsd	lsd
luau	luau
lube	liukaste
lubricant	voiteluaine
lubricate	voidella
lubrication	voitelu
lucid	selkeä
luck	onni
luckiest	onnekkain
lucky	onnekas
luckygirl	onnekas tyttö
lucrative	tuottoisa
ludicrous	naurettava
lug	raahata
luggage	matkatavarat
lukewarm	haalea
lull	tuudittaa
lullaby	kehtolaulu
lumbar	lanne-
lumber	puutavara
lumbering	lumbering
lumberjack	metsuri
luminescent	luminescent
luminous	valoisa
lump	kyhmy
lumpy	möykkyinen
lunacy	järjettömyys
lunar	kuun-
lunatic	hullu
lunch	lounas
lunchbox	eväslaatikko
luncheon	lounas
lunchtime	lounasaika
lung	keuhko
lunge	syöksy
lungs	keuhkot
lurch	keikahtaa
lure	houkutella
lurid	karmea
lurk	vaania
lurking	väijyvä
luscious	mehevä
lush	rehevä
lust	himo
luster	kiilto
lustful	himokas
lustrous	kiiltävä
lusty	reipas
lute	luuttu
luxuriant	rehevä
luxurious	ylellinen
luxury	ylellisyys
lycra	lycra
lye	lipeä
lying	makaava
lymph	imuneste
lymphatic	imusuonten
lymphoma	lymfooma
lynch	lynkata
lynching	lynkkaaminen
lynx	ilves
lyre	lyyra
lyric	lyyrinen
lyrical	lyyrinen
lyrics	sanat
macadamia	macadamia
macarena	Macarena
macaroni	makaroni
mace	nuija
mach	Mach
machete	viidakkoveitsi
machine	kone
machinery	koneet
machinist	koneenkäyttäjä
macho	miehinen
mackerel	makrilli
macro	makro
mad	hullu
madam	rouva
madame	rouva
madden	tehdä hulluksi
madder	värimatara
mademoiselle	NO TRANSLATION
mademyday	pelasti päiväni
madhouse	hullujenhuone
madman	hullu
madness	hulluus
maestro	maestro
mafia	mafia
magazine	aikakauslehti
mage	velho
magenta	purppura
maggot	toukka
magic	taika-
magical	maaginen
magician	taikuri
magistrate	poliisituomari
magma	magma
magna	magna
magnate	porho
magnesium	magnesium
magnet	magneetti
magnetic	magneettinen
magnetism	magnetismi
magnetite	magnetiitti
magnification	suurennos
magnificence	komeus
magnificent	upea
magnifier	suurennuslasi
magnify	suurentaa
magnifying	suurennuslasilla
magnitude	suuruus
magnolia	magnolia
magpie	harakka
mahi mahi	NO TRANSLATION
mahjong	mahjong
mahogany	mahonki-
maid	impi
maiden	neito
mail	posti
mailbox	postilaatikko
mailing	postitus
mailman	postinkantaja
maim	NO TRANSLATION
main	tärkein
mainframe	keskuskone
mainland	manner
mainstay	kantava voima
mainstream	valtavirta
maintain	ylläpitää
maintenance	ylläpito
majestic	majesteettinen
majesty	majesteetti
major	suuri
majority	suurin osa
make	tehdä
makeover	Muodonmuutos
maker	valmistaja
makeshift	hätävara-
makesmehappy	NO TRANSLATION
makesmemad	NO TRANSLATION
makeup	meikki
makingdisciples	NO TRANSLATION
malady	sairaus
malaise	pahanolontunne
malaria	malaria
malarkey	malarkey
male	Uros
malevolent	pahansuopa
malfeasance	väärinkäytöksistä
malformation	epämuodostuma
malfunction	toimintahäiriö
malice	NO TRANSLATION
malicious	ilkeä
malign	parjata
malignancy	pahanlaatuisuus
malignant	pahanlaatuinen
maligned	parjattu
mall	ostoskeskus
malleable	taottava
mallet	nuija
malnutrition	vajaaravitsemus
malpractice	hoitovirhe
malt	mallas
mama	mama
mambo	Mambo
mamma	NO TRANSLATION
mammal	nisäkäs
mammoth	mammutti
mammy	äiti
man	mies
manage	hoitaa
manageable	hallittavissa
management	johto
manager	johtaja
managerial	johto-
mandamus	mandamus
mandarin	mandariini
mandate	mandaatti
mandatory	pakollinen
mandible	alaleuka
mandolin	mandoliini
mandrel	kara
mane	NO TRANSLATION
maneuver	taktikoida
maneuvering	ohjailu
mange	NO TRANSLATION
manger	kaukalo
mangle	mankeli
mango	mango
mangosteen	mangosteen
mangy	nukkavieru
manhole	kulkuaukko
manhood	miehuus
manhunt	ajojahti
mania	mania
maniac	hullu
maniacal	raivoisa
manic	maaninen
manicure	manikyyri
manicurist	manikyristi
manifest	selvä
manifestation	osoitus
manifested	ilmenee
manifestly	selvästi
manifesto	manifesti
manifold	moninainen
manipulate	manipuloida
manipulation	manipulointi
manipulative	manipuloiva
mankind	ihmiskunta
manly	miehekäs
manna	manna
manned	miehitetty
mannequin	mannekiini
manner	tapa
mannered	teennäinen
manners	käytöstavat
manor	herraskartano
manpower	työvoima
mansion	palatsi
mansions	kartanoita
manslaughter	tappo
mantel	Mantel
mantis	rukoilijasirkka
mantle	vaippa
mantra	mantra
manual	manuaalinen
manufacture	valmistus
manufacturer	valmistaja
manufacturing	valmistus
manure	lanta
manuscript	käsikirjoitus
map	kartta
maple	vaahtera
mar	maaliskuu
marathon	maraton-
marble	marmori
marbled	marmoroitu
marbles	marmorit
march	maaliskuu
mare	NO TRANSLATION
margarine	margariini
margarita	Margarita
margin	marginaali
marginal	marginaalinen
mariachi	mariachi
marijuana	marihuana
marinara	marinara
marine	meren-
mariner	merimies
marital	aviollinen
maritime	meri-
mark	merkki
marked	merkitty
marker	merkki
market	markkinoida
marketable	jälkimarkkinakelpoiset
marketing	markkinointi
marketplace	markkinat
marks	merkit
marksman	tarkka-ampuja
marksmanship	ampumataito
marl	marl
marmalade	marmeladi
maroon	kastanjanruskea
marooned	jumiutua
marquee	teltta
marquis	markiisi
marred	varjostivat
marriage	avioliitto
married	naimisissa
marrow	kurpitsa
marry	naida
marsh	marsh
marshal	marsalkka
marshmallow	vaahtokaramelli
mart	kauppapaikka
martial	martial
martingale	martingaali
martini	Martini
martyr	marttyyri
martyrdom	marttyyrikuolema
marvel	ihme
marvellous	ihmeellinen
marvelous	ihmeellinen
marvelously	marvelously
marzipan	NO TRANSLATION
mascara	ripsiväri
mascot	maskotti
masculine	maskuliini-
masculinity	miehisyys
mash	perunamuusi
mashed	muussattu
mask	naamio
masked	naamioitu
masks	maskit
masochism	masokismi
masochist	masokisti
mason	muurari
masquerade	naamiaiset
mass	massa-
massacre	verilöyly
massage	hieronta
masses	massat
masseur	hieroja
masseuse	hieroja
massive	massiivinen
mast	masto
master	hallita
masterful	mestarillinen
mastermind	sielu
masterpiece	mestariteos
mastery	mestaruus
masturbate	masturboida
masturbation	itsetyydytys
mat	matto
matador	matadori
match	ottelu
matchbook	matchbook
matching	vastaavat
matchmaker	naimakauppojen välittäjä
mate	perämies
material	materiaali
materialism	materialismi
materialist	materialisti
materialistic	materialistinen
materiality	olennaisuuden
materialize	toteutua
materially	aineellisesti
materials	tarvikkeet
materiel	materiel
maternal	äidin
maternity	äitiys
math	matematiikka
mathematical	matemaattinen
mathematician	matemaatikko
mathematics	matematiikka
matinee	matinea
mating	pariutumisen
matriculation	kirjoittautuminen
matrimony	avioliitto
matrix	matriisi
matron	emäntä
matted	takkuinen
matter	asia
matting	kaislamatto
mattress	patja
maturation	kypsyminen
mature	kypsä
maturity	kypsyys
maudlin	tunteellinen
mausoleum	mausoleumi
mauve	malvanvärinen
maverick	yksinäinen susi
maxim	maksiimi
maximize	maksimoida
maximum	enimmäismäärä
may	saattaa
mayday	Vappu
mayflower	Mayflower
mayhem	sekasorto
mayonnaise	majoneesi
mayor	pormestari
maze	sokkelo
mead	sima
meadow	niitty
meager	niukka
meal	ateria
mean	tarkoittaa
meander	mutkitella
meandering	polveileva
meanie	pikkusielu
meaning	merkitys
meaningful	mielekäs
meaningless	merkityksetön
meanness	halpamainen teko
means	välineet
meantime	sillä välin
measles	tuhkarokko
measurable	mitattava
measure	mitata
measured	mitattu
measurement	mittaus
measuring	mittaus
measuring cup	mittakuppi
measuring tape	mittanauha
meat	liha
meatball	lihapyörykkä
meathead	meathead
meatloaf	lihamureke
mechanic	mekaaninen
mechanical	mekaaninen
mechanics	mekaniikka
mechanism	mekanismi
med	NO TRANSLATION
medal	mitali
medallion	medaljonki
medallist	mitalisti
meddle	mestaroida
meddling	sekaantumisesta
media	tiedotusvälineet
medial	mediaalinen
median	mediaani
mediate	välittää
mediation	sovittelu
mediator	sovittelija
medic	lääkintämies
medical	lääketieteellinen
medicate	lääkitä
medication	lääkitys
medicinal	lääke-
medicine	lääketiede
medieval	keskiaikainen
mediocre	keskiverto
mediocrity	keskinkertaisuus
meditate	mietiskellä
meditating	meditoi
meditation	meditaatio
meditative	mietiskelevä
mediterranean	Välimeren
medium	keskikokoinen
medley	sekauinti
meek	alistuva
meet	tavata
meeting	tapaaminen
mega	mega
meh	meh
melancholic	melankolinen
melancholy	surumielinen
melee	nujakka
mellow	täyteläinen
melodious	melodinen
melodrama	melodraama
melodramatic	melodramaattisessa
melody	melodia
melon	meloni
melt	sulaa
meltdown	sulaminen
melting	sulatus
member	jäsen
membership	jäsenyys
membrane	kalvo
memento	muistoesine
memo	muistio
memoir	muistelmateos
memorabilia	muistoesineet
memorable	mieleenpainuva
memorandum	muistio
memorial	muistomerkki
memorials	muistomerkkejä
memories	muistoja
memoriesiwontforget	NO TRANSLATION
memorize	muistaa
memory	muisti
menace	uhka
menacing	uhkaava
menagerie	eläintarha
mend	paikata
mending	korjaukset
menial	palkollinen
meningitis	aivokalvontulehdus
meniscus	nivelkierukka
menopause	vaihdevuodet
menses	kuukautiset
menstrual	kuukautis-
mental	henkinen
mentalhealth	NO TRANSLATION
mentality	mentaliteetti
menthol	mentoli
mention	mainita
mentor	opastaja
menu	valikko
meow	Miau
mercantile	kaupallinen
mercenary	palkkasoturi
merchandise	kauppatavara
merchant	kauppias
merciful	armelias
merciless	armoton
mercurial	oikukas
mercury	elohopea
mercy	armo
mere	pelkkä
merengue	merengue
merge	yhdistää
merger	fuusio
meridian	pituuspiiri
meridional	Meridional
meringue	marenki
merit	ansio
meritorious	ansiokas
mermaid	merenneito
merriment	hilpeys
merry	iloinen
merrychristmas	NO TRANSLATION
mesa	Mesa
mescaline	meskaliini
mesh	verkko
meshes	silmää
mesmerized	haltioissani
mess	sotku
message	viesti
messedup	NO TRANSLATION
messenger	sanansaattaja
messiah	Messias
messy	sotkuinen
metabolic	aineenvaihdunnallinen
metabolism	aineenvaihdunta
metal	metalli-
metallic	metallinen
metallurgy	metallurgia
metamorphosis	metamorfoosi
metaphor	metafora
metaphorical	metaforinen
metaphysical	metafyysinen
metaphysics	metafysiikka
metastasis	etäpesäke
meteor	meteori
meteoric	meteorimainen
meteorite	meteoriitti
meteorological	meteorologinen
meteorology	meteorologia
meter	mittari
meth	met
methadone	metadoni
methane	metaani
methanol	metanoli
method	menetelmä
methodical	järjestelmällinen
methodology	metodologia
meticulous	huolellinen
metime	oma aika
metric	metrinen
metrical	metrinen
metrology	metrologian
metropolis	metropoli
metropolitan	suurkaupungin
mettle	luonteenlaatu
mew	kalalokki
mezzanine	puolikerros
mica	kiille
mick	Mick
micro	mikro
microbe	mikrobi
microbiology	mikrobiologia
microchip	mikrosiru
microcosm	mikrokosmos
microfilm	mikrofilmi
microgram	mikrogrammaa
micrometer	mikrometriä
micron	mikroni
microphone	mikrofoni
microscope	mikroskooppi
microscopic	mikroskooppinen
microscopically	mikroskooppisen
microscopy	mikroskopia
microwave	mikroaaltouuni
mid	keski-
midair	midair
midday	keskipäivä
middle	keskimmäinen
middleman	välikäsi
middleweight	keskisarja
midget	kääpiö
midland	Midland
midlife	keski-iän
midline	keskiviivan
midnight	keskiyö
midshipman	merikadetti
midst	kesken
midsummer	keskikesä
midterm	puolivälin
midtown	keskikaupungin
midway	puolivälissä
midwife	kätilö
midwifery	synnytysoppi
mien	NO TRANSLATION
miffed	loukkaantunut
mighty	mahtava
mignon	kolonelli
migraine	migreeni
migrate	siirtyä
migration	muutto
migratory	vaeltava
mike	mikrofoni
mil	NO TRANSLATION
mild	lievä
mildew	homehtua
mildness	lempeyttä
mile	maili
mileage	mittarilukema
milestone	virstanpylväs
militant	militantti
militants	militantteja
military	sotilaallinen
militia	miliisi
milk	maito
milkman	maitomies
milkshake	pirtelö
milky	maitomainen
mill	mylly
millennium	vuosituhat
milligram	milligramma
millimeter	millimetri
million	miljoona
millionaire	miljonääri
millionth	miljoonas
millstone	myllynkivi
mime	miimikko
mimic	matkia
mimicking	matkien
mimicry	matkiminen
mince	jauheliha
mincemeat	jauheliha
mind	mieli
minded	taipuvainen
mindful	tietoinen
mindfulness	tarkkaavaisuus
mindless	mieletön
mine	Kaivos
minefield	miinakenttä
miner	kaivosmies
mineral	mineraali
mineralogy	mineralogia
mingle	sekoittaa
mingled	sekoittuneena
mini	mini
miniature	miniatyyri
minibus	pikkubussi
minim	NO TRANSLATION
minimal	minimaalinen
minimize	minimoida
minimized	minimoitu
minimum	minimi
mining	kaivostoiminta
minion	juoksupoika
minister	ministeri
ministerial	ministeriön-
ministry	ministeriö
minivan	tila-auto
mink	minkki
minnow	mutu
minor	vähäinen
minority	vähemmistö
minstrel	minstreli
mint	Minttu
minty	minty
minuscule	hyvin pieni
minute	minuutti
minutiae	pikkuseikat
minx	Minx
mir	NO TRANSLATION
miracle	ihme
miracles	ihmeitä
miraculous	ihmeellinen
mirage	kangastus
mire	NO TRANSLATION
mirror	peili
mirth	iloisuus
misappropriation	väärinkäyttö
misbehave	käyttäytyä huonosti
misbehavior	kurittomuus
miscalculation	virhearvio
miscarriage	keskenmeno
miscellaneous	sekalainen
miscellany	antologia
mischief	ilkivalta
mischievous	ilkikurinen
misconception	väärinkäsitys
misconduct	rikkomus
misdemeanor	rikkomus
misdirection	Harhaanjohtamista
miser	saituri
miserable	kurja
miserably	surkeasti
misery	kurjuus
misfire	katkoa
misfit	sopeutumaton yksilö
misfortune	epäonni
misguided	NO TRANSLATION
mishap	vahinko
misinformed	vääriä
misinterpretation	väärä tulkinta
mislead	johtaa harhaan
misleading	harhaanjohtava
misled	harhaan
mismanagement	huono hoito
mismatch	epäsuhta
mismatched	ristiriitaiset
misnomer	harhaanjohtava nimitys
misplace	panna väärään paikkaan
misplaced	väärin sijoitettu
misread	ymmärtää väärin
misrepresent	vääristellä tosiasioita
misrepresentation	vääristely
misrepresented	vääristelty
miss	neiti
missile	ohjus
missiles	ohjukset
missing	puuttuva
missingyou	NO TRANSLATION
mission	tehtävä
missionary	lähetyssaarnaaja
misspell	kirjoittaa väärin
misstatement	virheellisyyttä
missy	Missy
mist	sumu
mistake	virhe
mistaken	virheellinen
mister	herra
mistletoe	misteli
mistreated	mistreated
mistress	emäntä
mistrial	jutun käsittelemättä jättäminen
mistrust	epäluottamus
misty	sumuinen
misunderstand	käsittää väärin
misunderstanding	väärinkäsitys
misunderstood	väärinymmärretty
misuse	väärinkäyttö
mite	punkki
miter	hiippa
mitigate	lieventää
mitigating	lieventävä
mitigation	lieventäminen
mitt	räpylä
mitten	NO TRANSLATION
mitzvah	mitzvah
mix	sekoittaa
mixed	sekoitettu
mixedemotions	sekavat tunteet
mixer	mikseri
mixture	seos
mnemonic	muistintuki
moan	vaikerrus
moat	vallihauta
mob	väkijoukko
mobile	mobile
mobility	liikkuvuus
mobilization	mobilisointi
mobilize	mobilisoida
mobster	gangsteri
mocha	mokkakahvi
mock	pilkata
mocked	pilkattu
mockery	pilkka
mocking	ivallinen
mockingbird	matkijalintu
mod	mod
modal	modaalinen
modality	modaliteetti
mode	tila
model	malli-
modeler	mallintaja
modeling	mallintaminen
modem	modeemi
moderate	kohtalainen
moderate anticipation	kohtalainen ennakointi
moderate disgust	kohtalainen inho
moderate negative	kohtalainen negatiivinen
moderate positive	kohtalainen positiivinen
moderate surprise	kohtalainen yllätys
moderate trust	kohtalainen luottamus
moderately	kohtalaisen
moderating	hidastavan
moderation	maltillisuus
moderator	hidastin
modern	moderni
modernism	modernismi
modest	vaatimaton
modesty	vaatimattomuus
modicum	vähänkin
modifiable	muokattavissa
modification	muutos
modified	muokattu
modify	muuttaa
modulate	moduloida
modulation	modulaatio
module	moduuli
modulus	moduuli
mogul	moguli
moiety	ryhmä
moist	kostea
moisture	kosteus
moisturizer	kosteusvoiteet
molar	poskihammas
molasses	melassi
mold	muotti
molded	valettu
molding	reunus
moldy	homeinen
mole	mooli
molecular	molekyyli-
molecule	molekyyli
molest	ahdistella
molestation	ahdistelu
molester	ahdistelija
molten	sula
mom	äiti
moment	hetki
momentary	hetkellinen
momentous	tärkeä
momentum	vauhti
momma	äiti
mommy	äiti
monad	monadin
monarch	hallitsija
monarchy	monarkia
monastery	luostari
monastic	luostari-
monetary	raha-
money	raha
mongoloid	Mongoloid
mongoose	mungo
mongrel	sekarotuinen
monitor	monitori
monk	munkki
monkey	apina
mono	NO TRANSLATION
monochrome	yksivärinen
monogamous	yksiavioinen
monogamy	yksiavioisuus
monogram	monogrammi
monogrammed	monogrammed
monograph	monografia
monolayer	yksikerroksista
monolith	monoliitti
monologue	monologi
monopolist	monopoli
monopoly	monopoli
monotonous	yksitoikkoinen
monotony	yksitoikkoisuus
monoxide	monoksidi
monsieur	monsieur
monsoon	monsuuni
monster	hirviö
monstrosity	rumilus
monstrous	hirvittävä
montage	montaasi
monte	monte
month	kuukausi
monthly	kuukausittain
monument	monumentti
monumental	monumentaalinen
moo	ammuminen
mooch	maleksia
mood	mieliala
moods	tunnelmia
moody	pahantuulinen
moon	kuu
moonbeam	kuunsäde
moonlight	kuutamo
moonlit	kuutamoinen
moonshine	pontikka
moonstruck	tärähtänyt
moonwalk	moonwalk
moor	nummi
moored	ankkurissa
mooring	kiinnitys
moorings	kiinnitysköydet
moorland	nummi
moose	hirvi
moot	pohtia
mooted	pohdittu
mop	moppi
mope	jurottaa
moped	mopo
moral	moraalinen
morale	moraali
morality	moraali
morals	moraali
morass	räme
moratorium	lykkäys
moray	moray
morbid	sairaalloinen
morbidity	sairastuvuus
morbidness	morbidness
mores	tavat
morgue	ruumishuone
moribund	kuoleva
morn	aamu
morning	aamu
moron	ääliö
moronic	moronic
morose	äreä
morph	Morph
morphine	morfiini
morphism	morfismi
morphology	morfologia
morrow	Morrow
morsel	suupala
mortal	kuolevainen
mortality	kuolleisuus
mortar	laasti
mortgage	kiinnitys
mortgagee	kiinnityksen haltija
mortgagor	mortgagor
mortician	hautausurakoitsija
mortification	häpeä
mortified	nolo
mortuary	ruumishuone
mosaic	mosaiikki
mosey	kuljeskella
mosque	moskeija
mosquito	hyttynen
moss	sammal
mossy	sammaleinen
mote	NO TRANSLATION
motel	motelli
moth	koi
mother	äiti
motherfucker	kusipää
motherfucking	vitun
motherhood	äitiys
motherland	kotimaa
motherless	äiditön
motherly	äidillinen
motif	motiivi
motion	liike
motionless	liikkumaton
motivate	motivoida
motivating	motivoiva
motivation	motivaatio
motivational	motivoiva
motive	motiivi
motley	sekalainen
motor	moottori
motorbike	moottoripyörä
motorboat	moottorivene
motorcade	autosaattue
motorcar	moottoriauto
motorcycle	moottoripyörä
motorist	autoilija
motte	Motte
mottled	kirjava
motto	motto
mould	muotti
mound	röykkiö
mount	asentaa
mountain	vuori
mountaineer	vuorikiipeilijä
mountainous	vuoristoinen
mountains	vuoret
mountaintop	vuoren huippu
mourn	surra
mournful	surullinen
mourning	suruaika
mouse	hiiri
mousetrap	hiirenloukku
mousse	vaahto
moustache	viikset
mousy	arka
mouth	suu
mouthful	suupala
mouthpiece	suukappale
mouthwash	suuvesi
movable	siirrettävä
move	liikkua
movement	liike
mover	liikkuja
movie	elokuva
movies	elokuvat
moving	liikkuva
movingforward	NO TRANSLATION
movingon	movingon
mow	leikata
mower	ruohonleikkuri
moxie	moxie
mozzarella	Mozzarella
mri	mri
muchneeded	NO TRANSLATION
mucis	NO TRANSLATION
muck	sonta
mucked	kippasi
mucous	limakalvojen
mucus	lima
mud	muta
muddle	sekamelska
muddled	sekava
muddy	mutainen
muff	muhvi
muffin	muffinssi
muffled	vaimeita
muffler	äänenvaimennin
mug	muki
mugger	ryöstäjä
mulberry	mulperipuu
mulch	olkikate
mule	muuli
mull	miettiä
mullet	keltti
multilateral	monenkeskinen
multimedia	multimedia
multinational	monikansallinen
multiple	moninkertainen
multiple sclerosis	multippeliskleroosi
multiplex	moninkertainen
multiplication	kertolasku
multiplicity	moninaisuus
multiplied	kerrottuna
multiplier	kertoja
multiply	lisääntyä
multitude	paljous
mum	äiti
mumble	jupina
mumbo	mumbo
mummy	muumio
mumps	sikotauti
munch	munch
munchies	munchies
munchkin	Munchkin
mundane	arkipäiväinen
municipal	kunnallis
municipality	kunta
mural	seinämaalaus
murder	murhata
murderer	murhaaja
murderess	murhaaja
murderous	murhanhimoinen
murky	hämärä
murmur	sivuääni
muscle	lihas
muscular	lihaksikas
muse	muusa
muses	pohtii
museum	museo
mush	NO TRANSLATION
mushroom	sieni
mushy	pehmeä
music	musiikki
musical	musikaali
musician	muusikko
musing	miettien
musk	myski
musket	musketti
musketeer	muskettisoturi
muskrat	piisami
muslin	musliini
muss	NO TRANSLATION
must	on pakko
mustang	mustangi
mustard	sinappi
muster	koota
musty	ummehtunut
mutable	vaihteleva
mutant	mutantti
mutate	muuttua
mutation	mutaatio
mute	mykkä
muted	vaimea
mutilate	silpoa
mutilated	silvottu
mutilation	silpominen
mutiny	kapina
mutt	rakki
mutter	NO TRANSLATION
mutton	lampaanliha
mutual	keskinäinen
mutually	molemminpuolisesti
muzzle	vaientaa
myfavorite	suosikkini
myopia	likinäköisyys
myopic	likinäköinen
myriad	lukemattomia
mysterious	salaperäinen
mystery	mysteeri
mystic	mystinen
mystical	mystinen
mysticism	mystiikka
mystified	ymmällään
mystique	mystiikka
myth	myytti
mythic	myyttinen
mythical	myyttinen
mythological	mytologinen
mythology	mytologia
nab	napata
nacho	Nacho
nada	NO TRANSLATION
nadir	aallonpohja
nag	NO TRANSLATION
nail	naulata
nail gun	naulapyssy
naive	naiivi
naked	alasti
nakedness	alastomuus
namaste	NO TRANSLATION
name	nimi
named	nimeltään
nameless	nimetön
namesake	kaima
naming	nimeäminen
nana	nana
nanny	lastenhoitaja
nanometer	nanometrin
nap	torkut
napalm	napalm
nape	nape
napkin	lautasliina
napping	napping
nappy	vaippa
narcissism	narsismi
narcissist	narsisti
narcissistic	narsistinen
narcotic	huume
narrate	kertoa
narration	kerronta
narrative	kerronta
narrator	kertoja
narrow	kapea
narrowing	kapeneminen
nasal	nenän-
nascent	orastava
nasty	ilkeä
natal	Natal
nation	kansakunta
national	kansallinen
nationality	kansalaisuus
nationwide	valtakunnallinen
native	syntyperäinen
nativity	syntymä
natural	luonnollinen
natural gas	maakaasu
naturalist	luonnontieteilijä
naturalization	kansalaisoikeuksien antaminen
naturalized	kansalaisuuden
naturally	luonnollisesti
nature	luonto
naught	ei mitään
naughty	tuhma
nausea	pahoinvointi
nauseate	kuvottaa
nauseating	kuvottava
nauseous	pahoinvoiva
nautical	merenkulku-
nautilus	nautilus
naval	merivoimien
nave	keskilaiva
navel	napa
navigable	purjehduskelpoinen
navigate	navigoida
navigation	suunnistus
navigational	navigoinnin
navigator	Navigator
navy	laivasto
nay	NO TRANSLATION
nearsighted	likinäköinen
neat	siisti
neatly	siististi
nebula	tähtisumu
nebulae	sumuja
nebulous	epämääräinen
necessarily	välttämättä
necessary	välttämätön
necessitate	edellyttää
necessities	välttämättömyys
necessity	välttämättömyys
neck	niska
necklace	kaulakoru
necktie	kravatti
necromancer	necromancer
necrosis	kuolio
nectar	mesi
need	tarve
needalife	NO TRANSLATION
needed	tarvittu
needful	tarpeellinen
needit	NO TRANSLATION
needle	neula
needlepoint	needlepoint
needles	neulat
needless	tarpeeton
needtoknow	tarvitsee tietää
needtorelax	NO TRANSLATION
needy	köyhä
nefarious	ilkeä
negation	negaatio
negative	negatiivinen
negativity	negatiivisuus
neglect	laiminlyödä
neglected	laiminlyöty
neglecting	sentähden
negligee	aamutakki
negligence	huolimattomuus
negligent	huolimaton
negligently	NO TRANSLATION
negligible	merkityksetön
negotiable	neuvoteltavissa
negotiate	neuvotella
negotiation	neuvottelu
negotiator	neuvottelija
negro	neekeri
neigh	hirnahdus
neighbor	naapuri-
neighborhood	naapuruus
neighboring	naapuri-
nemesis	Nemesis
neon	neon
neonatal	vastasyntyneiden
neophyte	aloittelija
neoprene	neopreeni
nephew	veljenpoika
nepotism	nepotismi
nerd	nörtti
nerdy	nörttimäinen
nerve	hermo
nerves	hermot
nervous	hermostunut
nervousness	hermostuneisuus
nervouswreck	NO TRANSLATION
nervy	NO TRANSLATION
ness	ness
nest	pesä
nestle	painautua
nestling	untuvikko
net	netto
nether	ala-
netting	verkko
nettle	nokkonen
network	verkko
networking	verkostoituminen
neural	hermo-
neuralgia	hermosärky
neurological	neurologinen
neurologist	neurologi
neurology	neurologia
neurosis	neuroosi
neurosurgeon	neurokirurgi
neurosurgery	neurokirurgia
neurotic	neuroottinen
neuter	neutri
neutral	neutraali
neutrality	puolueettomuus
neutralize	neutraloida
neutron	neutroni
new	Uusi
new age	uusi aika
newbeginnings	NO TRANSLATION
newborn	vastasyntynyt
newcomer	tulokas
newday	uusi päivä
newfound	fyysisesti
newjob	NO TRANSLATION
newlife	uusi elämä
newly	hiljattain
newlywed	vastanainut
newme	NewME
newness	uutuus
news	uutiset
newscast	uutislähetys
newscaster	uutistenlukija
newsflash	uutisvälähdys
newsletter	tiedote
newsman	uutistoimittaja
newspaper	sanomalehti
newspaperman	lehtimies
newsreel	uutiskatsaus
newsroom	uutistoimitus
newsstand	lehtikioski
newstart	Uusi alku
newt	vesilisko
newyear	NO TRANSLATION
nexus	yhteys
nib	kärki
nibble	napostella
nice	kiva
niche	markkinarako
nichts	NO TRANSLATION
nick	lovi
nickel	nikkeli
nickname	Nimimerkki
nicotine	nikotiini
niece	veljentytär
nifty	näppärä
nigger	nekru
nigh	lähellä
night	yö-
nightcap	yömyssy
nightclub	yökerho
nightfall	iltahämärä
nightgown	yöpaita
nightie	yöpaita
nightingale	satakieli
nightlife	yöelämä
nightly	iltaisin
nightmare	painajainen
nightmares	painajaisia
nightstand	yöpöytä
nightstick	pamppu
nighttime	öinen
nihilism	nihilismi
nil	nolla
nimble	ketterä
nimrod	Nimrod
nincompoop	tollo
nine	yhdeksän
nineteen	yhdeksäntoista
ninety	yhdeksänkymmentä
ninja	ninja
ninny	tomppeli
nintendo	nintendo
ninth	yhdeksäs
nip	nipistää
nipper	tenava
nipple	nänni
nippy	vikkelä
nitrate	nitraatti
nitro	nitro
nitrogen	typpi
nitrous	typenoksidikaasut
nitwit	hölmö
nix	ei käy
no anticipation	ei ennakointia
no disgust	ei inhoa
no emotion	ei tunnetta
no sentiment	ei tunne
no surprise	ei yllätys
no trust	ei luottamusta
nobility	aatelisto
noble	jalo
nobleman	aatelismies
nobodycares	NO TRANSLATION
nocomplaints	NO TRANSLATION
nocturnal	öinen
nod	nyökkäys
nodding	nuokkuva
node	solmu
nodular	nodular
nodule	kyhmy
noggin	ryyppy
nohope	NO TRANSLATION
noir	noir
noise	melu
noisy	meluisa
nomad	nomadi
nomadic	kiertelevä
nomenclature	nimistö
nominal	nimellinen
nominate	nimittää
nomination	nimitys
nominee	ehdokas
nonce	seksuaalirikollinen
nonchalant	huoleton
noncompliance	Vastuu siirtyy
nondescript	mitäänsanomaton
nonexistent	olematon
nonfat	rasvaton
nonfiction	tietokirjallisuus
nonpayment	maksamatta jättäminen
nonresident	ei asukas
nonsense	hölynpöly
nonsensical	järjetön
nonviolent	väkivallaton
noob	nyyppä
noodle	nuudeli
nook	nurkka
noon	keskipäivä
noose	hirttosilmukka
nopoint	NO TRANSLATION
noregrets	NO TRANSLATION
norm	normi
normal	normaali
normalcy	normaalius
normality	normaalius
north	pohjoinen
northbound	pohjoiseen menevä
northeast	koilliseen
northern	pohjoinen
northwest	luoteeseen
northwestern	luoteis-
noschool	NO TRANSLATION
nose	nenä
nosebleed	nenäverenvuoto
nosey	utelias
nosnow	nosnow
nostalgia	nostalgia
nostalgic	nostalginen
nostress	NO TRANSLATION
nostril	sierain
nosun	NO TRANSLATION
nosy	utelias
not negative	ei negatiivinen
not positive	ei myönteistä
notable	huomattava
notables	notables
notably	etenkin
notamorningperson	NO TRANSLATION
notary	notaari
notation	merkintätapa
notch	lovi
notched	lovinen
note	Huomautus
notebook	muistikirja
noted	huomioitu
noteworthy	huomionarvoinen
nothappy	NO TRANSLATION
nothingbetter	NO TRANSLATION
nothingness	tyhjyys
notice	ilmoitus
noticeable	huomattava
notification	ilmoitus
notify	ilmoittaa
notion	käsite
notional	teoreettinen
notoriety	kuuluisuus
notorious	pahamaineinen
notready	ei ole valmis
notwithstanding	huolimatta
nought	ei mitään
noun	substantiivi
nourish	ravita
nourishment	ravinto
nouveau	NO TRANSLATION
novel	uusi
novelist	romaanikirjailija
novelty	uutuus
novice	noviisi
nowadays	nykyään
nowork	ei töitä
noworries	ei huolia
noxious	haitallinen
nozzle	suutin
nuance	vivahde
nuances	vivahteet
nuclear	ydinaseiden
nucleus	tuma
nude	alaston
nudge	tökätä
nudie	Nudie
nudist	nudisti
nudity	alastomuus
nugget	kultahippu
nuisance	kiusa
nuke	ydinase
nul	NO TRANSLATION
null	tyhjä
nullify	tehdä tyhjäksi
numb	tunnoton
number	määrä
numbering	numerointi
numbers	numerot
numbness	tunnottomuus
numbskull	pölkkypää
numeral	numero
numerator	osoittaja
numerical	numeerinen
numerically	numeerisesti
numerous	useat
nun	NO TRANSLATION
nunchucks	nunchucks
nunnery	nunnaluostari
nuptials	häät
nurse	sairaanhoitaja
nursemaid	lastenhoitaja
nursery	lastentarha
nursing	sairaanhoito
nurture	vaalia
nut	mutteri
nutcase	sekopää
nutcracker	pähkinänsärkijä
nuthouse	hullujenhuone
nutmeg	muskottipähkinä
nutrition	ravitsemus
nutritional	ravinto-
nutritious	ravinteikas
nutritive	ravinto-
nuts	pähkinät
nutshell	pähkinänkuori
nutty	tärähtänyt
nylon	nylon
nylong	NO TRANSLATION
nylons	nailonit
nymph	nymfi
nymphomaniac	nymfomaani
oaf	ääliö
oak	tammi-
oar	airo
oasis	keidas
oat	kaura
oath	vala
oatmeal	kaurapuuro
obedience	tottelevaisuus
obedient	tottelevainen
obediently	kuuliaisesti
obelisk	obeliski
obese	liikalihava
obesity	liikalihavuus
obey	totella
obi	obi
obit	obit
obituary	muistokirjoitus
object	esine
objection	vastalause
objectionable	vastenmielinen
objective	tavoite
objectivity	objektiivisuus
obligation	vaatimus
obligatory	pakollinen
oblige	velvoittaa
obliged	velvollinen
obliging	huomaavainen
obligor	vastapuoleen
oblique	vino
obliterate	hävittää
obliterated	häivytetty
obliteration	obliteration
oblivion	unohdus
oblivious	muistamaton
oblong	pitkulainen
obnoxious	vastenmielinen
oboe	oboe
obscene	säädytön
obscenity	törkeys
obscure	hämärä
obscured	peitettynä
obscurity	epämääräisyys
observance	noudattaminen
observant	tarkkaavainen
observation	havainto
observatory	observatorio
observe	tarkkailla
observer	tarkkailija
observing	tarkkailemalla
obsess	kiusata
obsessed	pakkomielle
obsessing	pinttyneet
obsession	pakkomielle
obsessive	pakkomielteenomainen
obsolescence	vanhentuneisuus
obsolete	vanhentunut
obstacle	este
obstetrician	synnytyslääkäri
obstetrics	synnytysoppi
obstinate	itsepäinen
obstruct	estää
obstruction	estäminen
obstructive	tukkiva
obtain	saada
obtainable	saatavissa
obtuse	tylppä
obverse	kääntöpuoli
obvious	ilmeinen
ocarina	Ocarina
occasion	tilaisuus
occasional	satunnainen
occasionally	silloin tällöin
occipital	takaraivo-
occlusion	purenta
occult	yliluonnollinen
occupancy	käyttöaste
occupant	asukas
occupation	ammatti
occupational	työperäinen
occupied	miehitetty
occupier	miehittäjä
occupy	miehittää
occupying	miehittää
occur	tapahtua
occurrence	esiintyminen
ocd	OCD
ocean	valtameri
oceanic	meri-
octagon	kahdeksankulmio
octave	oktaavi
octopus	mustekala
ocular	silmä-
odd	outo
oddball	kumma tyyppi
oddity	kummajainen
odds	todennäköisyys
ode	oodi
odious	vastenmielinen
odometer	matkamittari
odor	haju
odyssey	Odysseia
oedipal	oidipaalinen
oestrogen	estrogeeni
oeuvre	NO TRANSLATION
offal	sisäelimet
offence	rikkomus
offend	loukata
offended	loukkaantunut
offender	rikollinen
offense	rikkomus
offensive	hyökkäys
offer	tarjous
offered	tarjotaan
offering	uhri
offhand	suoralta kädeltä
office	toimisto
officer	upseeri
offices	toimistot
official	virallinen
officiate	virkaansa
offing	ulappa
offload	purkaa
offset	offset
offshoot	sivuhaara
offshore	offshore
offside	paitsiossa
offspring	jälkeläiset
oft	usein
oftentimes	useita kertoja
ogre	hirviö
ohdear	NO TRANSLATION
ohgod	NO TRANSLATION
ohno	voi ei
ohshit	NO TRANSLATION
oil	öljy
oils	öljyt
oily	öljyinen
oink	oink
ointment	voide
okra	okra
old	vanha
olden	olden
older	vanhemmat
oldie	vanha kappale
oldies	vanhukset
olfactory	haju-
oligarchy	harvainvalta
olive	oliivi-
omega	omega
omelet	munakas
omen	enne
omgomgomg	NO TRANSLATION
ominous	pahaenteinen
omission	laiminlyönti
omit	jättää pois
omitted	pois
omnibus	omnibus
omnipotence	kaikkivaltius
omnipotent	kaikkivoipa
omnipresent	kaikkialla läsnä oleva
omniscient	kaikkitietävä
onboard	kyydissä
oncologist	onkologi
oncology	onkologian
oncoming	lähestyvä
one	yksi
oneday	NO TRANSLATION
onedge	reunalla
onelove	yksi rakkaus
oneness	ykseys
onerous	työläs
oneself	itse
ongoing	jatkuva
onion	sipuli
onset	puhkeaminen
onslaught	hyökkäystä
onstage	lavalla
ontology	ontologia
onus	velvollisuus
onward	eteenpäin
onyx	onyksi
oodles	oodles
oomph	puhti
ooze	tihkua
oozing	tihkuu
op	op
opacity	sameus
opal	opaali
opaque	himmeä
ope	ope
open	avata
opener	avaaja
opening	aukko
openly	avoimesti
openness	avoimuus
opera	ooppera
operate	toimia
operatic	ooppera-
operation	operaatio
operational	toiminta-
operations	toiminnot
operative	operatiivinen
operator	operaattori
ophthalmic	silmä-
ophthalmologist	silmälääkäri
opiate	opiaattien
opinion	lausunto
opinionated	itsepäinen
opium	oopiumi
opponent	vastustaja
opportune	otollinen
opportunism	opportunismi
opportunity	tilaisuus
oppose	vastustaa
opposed	vastakkainen
opposing	vastakkainen
opposite	vastapäätä
opposites	vastakohdat
opposition	oppositio
oppress	sortaa
oppressed	sorrettu
oppression	sorto
oppressive	ahdistava
oppressor	sortaja
ops	ops
opt	valita
optic	optinen
optical	optinen
optics	optiikka
optimism	optimismi
optimist	optimisti
optimistic	optimistinen
optimum	optimaalinen
option	vaihtoehto
optional	valinnainen
optionally	mahdollisesti
options	vaihtoehtoja
optometrist	optikko
opulence	runsaus
opulent	ylenpalttinen
opus	opus
oracle	oraakkeli
oral	oraalinen
orange	oranssi
orange juice	appelsiinimehu
orangutan	oranki
oration	juhlapuhe
orator	puhuja
oratory	puhetaito
orb	taivaankappale
orbit	kiertorata
orbital	kiertoradan
orbiting	kiertävät
orbs	palloja
orc	örkki
orchard	hedelmätarha
orchestra	orkesteri
orchid	orkidea
ordained	vihitty
ordeal	koettelemus
order	tilata
orderly	hallittu
ordinance	määräys
ordinary	tavallinen
ordination	koordinointi
ordnance	taisteluvälineet
ore	malmi
oregano	oregano
organ	urut
organic	orgaaninen
organism	organismi
organist	urkuri
organization	organisaatio
organize	järjestää
organized	järjestetty
organizer	järjestäjä
orgasm	orgasmi
orgies	orgioita
orgy	vimma
orient	suunnata
oriental	itämainen
orientation	suuntautuminen
orifice	aukko
origami	origami
origin	alkuperä
original	alkuperäinen
originality	omaperäisyys
originate	olla peräisin
origination	lähdeverkkona
originator	alkuunpanija
ornament	ornamentti
ornamental	koriste-
ornamentation	ornamentiikka
ornamented	koristeltu
ornate	koristeellinen
ornery	ornery
orphan	orpo
orphanage	orpokoti
orphaned	orvoksi
orthodontist	oikomishoidon
orthodox	ortodoksinen
orthodoxy	oikeaoppisuus
orthogonal	ortogonaaliset
orthopedic	ortopedinen
oscillate	värähdellä
oscillating	värähtelevän
oscillation	värähtely
oscillatory	värähtelevää
ostensible	näennäinen
ostensibly	näennäisesti
ostentatious	pröystäilevä
ostracized	häpeäpaaluun
ostrich	strutsi
other	muut
otter	saukko
otto	otto
ottoman	ottomaanien
ought	pitäisi
ounce	unssi
oust	syrjäyttää
outage	sähkökatkos
outback	takamaa
outbid	tarjota enemmän kuin
outboard	perämoottori
outbreak	puhkeaminen
outburst	tunteenpurkaus
outcast	hylkiö
outcome	tulokset
outcry	protestointi
outdated	vanhentunut
outdo	päihittää
outdoor	ulko-
outdoors	ulkona
outer	ulompi
outfit	asu
outgoing	lähtevä
outgrow	päästä eroon
outgrowth	kasvain
outhouse	ulkorakennus
outing	retki
outlandish	omituinen
outlast	elää kauemmin kuin
outlaw	lainsuojaton
outlet	pistorasia
outline	ääriviivat
outlines	ääriviivat
outlive	elää kauemmin kuin
outlook	näkymät
outlying	syrjäinen
outnumber	olla lukuisampi kuin
outpatient	avohoidon
outpost	etuvartio
outpouring	tulva
output	ulostulo
outrage	skandaali
outraged	raivoissaan
outrageous	törkeä
outrank	sijoitu korkeammalle
outreach	Outreach
outright	suoranainen
outrun	olla suurempi kuin
outset	aluksi
outsider	ulkopuolinen
outskirts	laitamat
outsmart	vetää nenästä
outspoken	suorasanainen
outstanding	maksamatta
outstretched	ojossa
outward	ulospäin
outwards	ulospäin
outweigh	suuremmat
outwit	vetää nenästä
oval	soikea
ovary	munasarja
ovate	soikea
ovation	suosionosoitukset
oven	uuni
overactive	yliaktiivinen
overall	yleensä ottaen
overalls	haalarit
overbearing	dominoiva
overburden	ylikuormittaa
overcast	pilvinen
overcharged	ylihintaa
overcoat	päällystakki
overcome	voittaa
overcoming	voittaminen
overcrowded	ahtaasti
overdo	rasittaa
overdose	yliannos
overdrive	ylivaihde
overdue	myöhässä
overestimate	yliarvioida
overestimated	liian suureksi
overflow	ylivuoto
overflowing	täynnä
overgrown	umpeen kasvanut
overgrowth	liikakasvua
overhanging	yläpuoliset
overhaul	huolto
overhead	yläpuolella
overhear	sattua kuulemaan
overheated	ylikuumentunut
overjoyed	ikionnellinen
overkill	ylilyönti
overlaid	päällekkäin
overlap	päällekkäisyys
overlapping	päällekkäinen
overlay	päällys
overload	ylikuormittaa
overlook	unohtaa
overlord	lääninherra
overlying	päällä
overpaid	liikaa
overpass	ylikulkusilta
overplayed	overplayed
overpower	kukistaa
overpowering	vastustamaton
overpriced	ylihintainen
overprotective	ylisuojeleva
overrated	yliarvostettua
overreact	suhtautua liian vakavasti
override	ohittaa
overriding	ensisijainen
overrule	kumota
overrun	vallata
oversee	valvoa
overseer	työnjohtaja
overshadow	varjostaa
oversight	erehdys
oversized	ylisuuri
overslept	overslept
overstate	liioitella
overstock	Overstock
overt	avoin
overtake	ohittaa
overtaken	ohittanut
overthemoon	NO TRANSLATION
overthinker	overthinker
overthinking	yliajatteleminen
overthrow	kaataa
overtime	ajan myötä
overtired	väsynyt
overture	alkusoitto
overturn	kaatua
overview	yleiskatsaus
overweight	ylipainoinen
overwhelm	musertaa
overwhelmed	ällikällä lyöty
overwhelming	ylivoimainen
overworked	ylityöllistetty
overwrought	ärtynyt
overzealous	innokkaat
owe	olla velkaa
owing	maksamatta
owl	pöllö
owner	omistaja
ownership	omistaminen
ox	härkä
oxidation	hapetus
oxide	oksidi
oxygen	happi
oxymoron	epäluotettava
oyster	osteri
ozone	otsoni
pace	vauhti
pacemaker	sydämentahdistin
pacific	Tyynenmeren
pacified	pacified
pacifier	tutti
pacifist	pasifisti
pacify	rauhoittaa
pacing	vauhdista
pack	pakkaus
package	paketti
packaging	pakkaus
packer	pakkaaja
packet	paketti
pact	sopimus
pad	tyyny
padded	pehmustettu
padding	täyte
paddle	meloa
paddle boat	polkuvene
paddock	haka
paddy	riisipelto
padlock	riippulukko
padre	NO TRANSLATION
paean	ylistyslaulu
pagan	pakanallinen
paganism	pakanuus
page	sivu
pageant	kauneuskilpailut
pager	hakulaite
pagination	sivunumerointi
paging	henkilöhaku
pagoda	pagodi
pail	sanko
pain	kipu
pained	tuskainen
painful	tuskallinen
painfully	tuskallisen
painkiller	kipulääke
painless	kivuton
pains	kivut
painstaking	tunnollinen
paint	maali-
paintball	paintball
paintbrush	pensseli
painted	maalannut
painter	taidemaalari
painting	maalaus
pair	pari
paisley	kasmirkuviointi
pajama	pyjaman-
pajamas	pyjama
pal	kaveri
palace	palatsi
palatable	maukas
palate	maku
pale	kalpea
paleontology	paleontologia
palette	paletti
pall	ruumisarkku
palladium	palladium
pallet	lava
palliative	lievittävä
palm	palmu
palmer	pyhiinvaeltaja
palomino	Palomino
palpable	selvä
palpitations	sydämentykytys
palsy	halvaus
paltry	mitätön
pamper	hemmotella
pamphlet	pamfletti
pan	panoroida
panacea	ihmelääke
panache	suuren maailman tyyli
pancake	pannukakku
pancakes	pannukakut
pancreas	haima
panda	panda
pandemic	pandeeminen
pandemonium	sekasorto
pane	lasi
panel	paneeli
pang	NO TRANSLATION
panhandle	panhandle
panic	paniikki
panicattack	NO TRANSLATION
panicked	paniikkiin
panicking	paniikissa
panicky	säikky
panier	NO TRANSLATION
panorama	panoraama
panoramic	panoraama
pansy	orvokki
pant	huohottaa
pantheon	Pantheon
panther	pantteri
panties	pikkuhousut
pantomime	pantomiimi
pantry	ruokakomero
pants	housut
panty	Sukkahousut
pantyhose	sukkahousut
pap	velli
papa	isä
papacy	paavius
papal	NO TRANSLATION
papaya	papaija
paper	paperi
paperback	pokkari
paperboy	lehdenjakaja
paperweight	paperipaino
paperwork	paperityöt
paprika	paprika
papyrus	papyrus
par	NO TRANSLATION
parable	vertaus
parabola	paraabeli
parabolic	parabolinen
parachute	laskuvarjo
parade	paraati
paradigm	paradigma
paradise	paratiisi
paradox	paradoksi
paradoxical	paradoksaalinen
paraffin	parafiini
paragon	esikuva
paragraph	kohta
parakeet	papukaija
paralegal	avustavana
parallax	parallaksi
parallel	rinnakkainen
parallelism	rinnakkaisuus
paralysis	halvaus
paralyze	lamaannuttaa
paralyzed	halvaantunut
paramedic	ensihoitaja
paramedics	ensihoitajat
paramilitary	puolisotilaallinen
paramount	tärkein
paranoia	vainoharhaisuus
paranoid	vainoharhainen
paranormal	paranormaaleja
parapet	kaide
paraphernalia	varusteet
paraphrase	parafraasi
paraplegic	halvaantunut
parasite	loinen
parasitic	lois-
parasol	päivänvarjo
parcel	paketti
parcels	paketit
parched	rutikuiva
parchment	pergamentti
pardon	Anteeksi
pare	NO TRANSLATION
parenchyma	parenkyymi
parent	vanhempi
parentage	syntyperä
parental	vanhempien
parenthesis	NO TRANSLATION
parenthetical	selittävä
parenthood	vanhemmuus
parenting	vanhemmuus
pariah	hylkiö
parietal	päälaen
paring	kuoret
parish	seurakunta
parity	pariteetti
park	pysäköidä
parka	anorakki
parking	pysäköinti
parkinsons	Parkinsonin
parlance	kielenkäyttö
parlay	parlay
parliament	eduskunta
parliamentary	parlamentin
parlor	sali
parmesan	parmesaania
parody	parodia
parole	ehdonalainen vapaus
parquet	parketti
parrot	papukaija
parry	väistö
parse	jäsentää
parsimonious	nuuka
parsimony	nuukuus
parsley	persilja
parson	kirkkoherra
part	osa
partake	nauttia
partial	osittainen
partiality	puolueellisuus
partially	osittain
participant	osallistuja
participate	osallistua
participation	osallistumista
particle	hiukkanen
particular	tietty
particularity	erikoisuus
particulars	tarkemmat tiedot
parting	jakaus
partisan	puolueellinen
partisanship	partisanship
partition	väliseinä
partly	osittain
partner	kumppani
partnership	kumppanuus
partridge	peltopyy
parts	osat
party	juhla
pas	NO TRANSLATION
pass	kulkea
passable	välttävä
passage	kulku
passageway	käytävä
passe	NO TRANSLATION
passenger	matkustaja
passim	NO TRANSLATION
passing	ohimenevä
passion	intohimo
passionate	intohimoinen
passive	passiivinen
passivity	passiivisuus
passkey	passkey
passport	passi
password	Salasana
past	menneisyys
pasta	pasta
paste	tahna
pastel	pastelli
pastime	huvi
pastor	pastori
pastrami	pastrami
pastry	leivonnainen
pasture	laidun
pasty	pasteija
pat	nokare
patch	läikkä
patchwork	sekamelska
pate	patee
patella	polvilumpion
patent	patentti-
patented	patentoitu
paternal	isän
paternity	isyys
path	polku
pathetic	säälittävä
pathological	patologinen
pathologist	patologi
pathology	patologia
pathos	NO TRANSLATION
pathway	polku
patience	kärsivällisyys
patient	potilas
patio	terassi
patriarch	patriarkka
patriarchal	patriarkaalinen
patrimony	perintö
patriot	patriootti
patriotic	isänmaallinen
patriotism	isänmaallisuus
patrol	partio
patrolman	poliisi
patron	suojelija
patronage	asiakassuhde
patronising	holhoava
patronize	holhota
patronizing	holhoava
patter	kipittää
pattern	kuvio
paucity	niukkuus
pauper	vaivainen
pause	tauko
pave	tasoittaa
pavement	jalkakäytävä
pavilion	paviljonki
paving	päällyste
paw	tassu
pawn	sotilas
pawnshop	panttilainaamo
pax	PAX
pay	maksaa
payable	maksettava
payback	takaisinmaksuaika
paycheck	palkka
payday	palkkapäivä
payer	maksaja
payload	hyötykuorma
payment	maksu
payoff	loppuratkaisu
payout	voitto
payphone	yleisöpuhelimia
payroll	palkkahallinnon
pea	herne
peace	rauha
peaceable	rauhanomainen
peaceful	rauhallinen
peacefully	rauhallisesti
peacekeeper	rauhanturvaaja
peaceofmind	NO TRANSLATION
peacetime	rauhanajan
peach	persikka
peachy	persikanpehmeä
peacock	riikinkukko
peak	huippu
peaked	huipussaan
peanut	maapähkinä
peanuts	maapähkinät
pear	päärynä
pearl	helmi-
pearly	helmiäis-
peas	herneet
peasant	talonpoika
peat	turve
pebble	kivi
pecan	pekaanipähkinä
peck	nokkia
pecker	kalu
peculiar	erikoinen
peculiarities	erityispiirteet
peculiarity	erikoisuus
peculiarly	erikoisen
pecuniary	rahallinen
pedal	polkea
pedantic	pikkumainen
peddle	kaupitella
peddler	kaupustelija
pedestal	jalusta
pedestrian	jalankulkija
pediatric	pediatrinen
pediatrician	lastenlääkäri
pediatrics	lastentautioppi
pedicure	pedikyyri
pedigree	sukutaulu
pedometer	askelmittari
pedophile	pedofiili
pee	pissa
peek	kurkistaa
peekaboo	kukkuluuruu
peel	kuori
peep	pilkottaa
peeper	peeper
peephole	ovisilmä
peer	vertainen
peering	peering
peerless	verraton
peeved	kiukkuinen
peg	tappi
pegs	tapit
peice	NO TRANSLATION
pelagic	avomeren
pelican	pelikaani
pellet	pelletti
pelvic	lantio-
pelvis	lantio
pen	kynä
penal	rikos-
penalty	rangaistus
penance	katumus
penchant	mieltymys
pencil	lyijykynä
pendant	riipus
pendency	vireilläolon
pendent	NO TRANSLATION
pending	odotettaessa
pendulum	heiluri
penetrate	läpäistä
penetrating	läpitunkeva
penetration	tunkeutuminen
penguin	pingviini
penicillin	penisilliini
penile	siittimen
peninsula	niemimaa
penis	penis
penitent	katuvainen
penitentiary	vankila
penmanship	käsiala
pennant	viiri
penniless	rahaton
penny	penni
pension	eläke
pensioner	eläkeläinen
pensive	mietteliäs
pentagon	viisikulmio
pentagram	pentagrammi
penthouse	kattohuoneisto
penultimate	viimeistä edellinen
people	ihmiset
peopled	peopled
pep	puhti
pepper	pippuri
peppermint	piparminttu
pepperoni	pepperoni
peppy	peppy
peptic	peptinen
peptide	peptidi
perceive	havaita
percent	prosentti
percentage	prosenttimäärä
percentile	prosenttipiste
perceptible	havaittava
perception	havaintokyky
perceptive	tarkkanäköinen
perch	ahven
perchance	kenties
percolation	suodatusprosessissa
percussion	lyömäsoittimet
perdition	kadotus
peremptory	ehdoton
perennial	monivuotinen
perfect	täydellinen
perfection	täydellisyys
perfectionist	perfektionisti
perfecto	NO TRANSLATION
perforated	rei'itetty
perforation	lävistys
perforce	pakostakin
perform	suorittaa
performance	esitys
performer	esiintyjä
perfume	hajuvesi
perfumed	tuoksuva
peri	peri
peridot	peridot
peril	vaara
perilous	vaarallinen
perimeter	kehä
period	aika
periodic	ajoittainen
periodical	aikakauslehti
periodically	määräajoin
periodicity	jaksotus
peripheral	perifeerinen
periphery	periferia
periscope	periskooppi
perish	menehtyä
perishable	helposti pilaantuva
perished	menehtyi
perishing	helkkarin
perjury	väärä vala
perk	lisäansiot
perky	pirteä
perm	permanentti
permanence	kestävyys
permanent	pysyvä
permeable	läpäisevä
permeate	läpäistä
permeation	läpäisyä
permissible	sallittu
permission	lupa
permissive	salliva
permit	lupa
permitted	sallittua
permitting	salliessa
permutation	vaihtelu
pernicious	turmiollinen
peroxide	peroksidi
perpendicular	kohtisuora
perpetrate	syyllistyä
perpetrator	rikoksentekijä
perpetual	ikuinen
perpetually	ikuisesti
perpetuate	ikuistaa
perpetuation	jatkumisen
perpetuity	ikuisiksi ajoiksi
perplexed	hämillään
perplexing	hämmentävä
perplexity	hämmennys
persecute	vainota
persecution	vaino
perseverance	sinnikkyys
persevere	pysyä lujana
persist	jatkua
persistence	sitkeys
persistent	itsepintainen
persisting	jatkuva
person	henkilö
persona	NO TRANSLATION
personable	miellyttävä
personage	henkilöhahmo
personal	henkilökohtainen
personality	persoonallisuus
personification	henkilöitymä
personnel	henkilöstö
persons	henkilöt
perspective	näkökulma
perspiration	hiki
persuade	suostutella
persuasion	suostuttelu
persuasive	vakuuttava
pert	näpsäkkä
pertinent	asiaankuuluva
perturbation	häiriö
pertussis	pertussis
perusal	lukeminen
peruse	tutkia
pervading	leviävän
perverse	kieroutunut
perversion	perversio
pervert	perverssi
perverted	kieroutunut
pesky	ärsyttävä
pessimism	pessimismi
pessimist	pessimisti
pessimistic	pessimistinen
pest	tuhoeläin
pester	ruinata
pestilence	rutto
pestle	survin
pesto	pesto
pet	lemmikki-
petal	terälehti
petite	siro
petition	adressi
petitioner	hakija
petloss	NO TRANSLATION
petpeeve	NO TRANSLATION
petrified	kauhusta kankea
petrify	kivettyä
petrol	bensiini
petroleum	maaöljy
petticoat	alushame
petting	hyväily
petty	pikkumainen
petulant	kärttyinen
petunia	petunia
pew	kirkonpenkki
pewter	tina
peyote	NO TRANSLATION
phalanx	rivistö
phantom	kummitus
pharaoh	farao
pharmaceutical	farmaseuttinen
pharmacist	farmaseutti
pharmacology	farmakologia
pharmacy	apteekki
phase	vaihe
pheasant	fasaani
phenomenal	ilmiömäinen
phenomenon	ilmiö
pheromone	feromoni
phew	Huh huh
phi	Phi
philanthropic	hyväntekeväisyys-
philanthropist	hyväntekijä
philanthropy	hyväntekeväisyys
philistine	poroporvari
philosopher	filosofi
philosophic	filosofinen
philosophical	filosofinen
philosophy	filosofia
phlegm	lima
pho	pho
phobia	fobia
phoenix	feeniks
phone	puhelin
phonetic	foneettinen
phonetics	fonetiikka
phonics	äänteet
phonograph	levysoitin
phonology	fonologia
phony	tekaistu
phooey	pyh
phosphate	fosfaatti
phosphor	fosfori
phosphorus	fosfori
photo	kuva
photogenic	valokuvauksellinen
photograph	valokuva
photographer	valokuvaaja
photographic	valokuvaus-
photography	valokuvaus
photometry	fotometria
photon	fotoni
phrase	fraasi
phraseology	sanonnat
phylogeny	fylogenia
physical	fyysinen
physical therapist	fysioterapeutti
physician	lääkäri
physicist	fyysikko
physics	fysiikka
physiological	fysiologinen
physiology	fysiologia
physique	ruumiinrakenne
pi	pii
pianist	pianisti
piano	piano
piazza	Piazza
piccolo	NO TRANSLATION
pick	valita
picked	poimitaan
picker	kerääjä
picket	lakkovahti
picketing	lakkovahtina
pickle	suolakurkku
pickled	säilötty
pickpocket	taskuvaras
pickup	noukkia
picky	nirso
picnic	piknikki
pictorial	kuvitettu
picture	kuva
pictures	kuvat
picturesque	viehättävä
pie	piirakka
piece	pala
piecemeal	vähitellen
pieceofshit	pieceofshit
pied	kirjava
pier	laituri
pierce	puhkaista
piety	hurskaus
pig	sika
pigeon	kyyhkynen
piggy	possu
piggyback	reppuselässä
pigheaded	pigheaded
piglet	porsas
pigment	pigmentti
pigskin	siannahka
pigsty	sikolätti
pike	hauki
pile	pino
piles	peräpukamat
pileup	kasaantua
pilgrim	pyhiinvaeltaja
pilgrimage	pyhiinvaellusmatka
pill	pilleri
pillage	ryöstely
pillar	pilari
pillbox	pesäke
pillow	tyyny
pillowcase	tyynyliina
pilot	lentäjä
pimp	parittaja
pimple	näppylä
pin	tappi
pinball	flipperi
pinch	hyppysellinen
pinching	venytetään
pine	mänty
pineapple	ananas
ping	ping
pinhead	pikkujuttu
pinhole	pinhole
pinion	hammasratas
pink	vaaleanpunainen
pinkie	pikkusormi
pinnacle	huippu
pinot	Pinot
pinpoint	paikantaa
pint	pint
pinto	laikullinen hevonen
pinup	pin-up-
pioneer	pioneeri
pious	hurskas
pip	PIP
pipe	putki
piped	piped
pipeline	putki
piper	säkkipillinsoittaja
pipette	pipetti
piping	putkisto
pipsqueak	pilipalityyppi
pique	pikee
piracy	piratismi
piranha	piraija
pirate	merirosvo
piscina	NO TRANSLATION
piss	kusta
pissed	kännissä
pissedoff	vihainen
pisser	NO TRANSLATION
pissesmeoff	ottaa päähän
pissingmeoff	pissingmeoff
pissoff	häivy
pistachio	pistaasi
pistol	pistooli
piston	mäntä
pit	kuoppa
pita	pita
pitch	piki
pitcher	syöttäjä
pitchfork	hanko
pitfall	sudenkuoppa
pith	sisäkuori
pithy	ytimekäs
pitiful	säälittävä
pitted	kuoppainen
pitter	Pitter
pituitary	aivolisäke
pity	sääli
pivot	tappi
pivotal	keskeinen
pix	pix
pixie	tonttu
pizza	pizza
pizzazz	tyyli
pizzeria	pizzeria
placard	ilmoitella
place	paikka
placebo	plasebo
placement	sijoitus
placenta	istukka
placid	rauhallinen
placket	vetoketjun
plagiarism	plagiointi
plague	vitsaus
plaid	pleedi
plain	tavallinen
plainclothes	plainclothes
plaintiff	kantaja
plaintive	haikea
plan	suunnitelma
plane	kone
planes	lentokoneita
planet	planeetta
planetarium	planetaario
planetary	planeettojen
planets	planeetat
plank	lankku
plankton	plankton
planned	suunnitellut
planner	suunnittelija
planning	suunnittelu
plant	kasvi
plantation	plantaasi
planter	kylvökone
planting	istutus
plaque	plakki
plasma	plasma
plaster	kipsi
plastic	muovi-
plasticity	plastisuus
plat	plat
plate	levy
plateau	ylätasanko
plated	pinnoitettu
platform	foorumi
plating	pinnoitus
platinum	platina
platonic	platoninen
platoon	joukkue
platter	vati
plaudit	NO TRANSLATION
plausibility	uskottavuus
plausible	uskottava
play	pelata
playa	Playa
playback	toisto
playbook	pelikirjan
playboy	playboy
player	pelaaja
playful	leikkisä
playground	leikkikenttä
playhouse	leikkimökki
playmate	leikkitoveri
playoff	Pudotuspeli
playpen	leikkikehä
playroom	leikkihuone
plaything	leikkikalu
playtime	välitunti
playwright	näytelmäkirjailija
plaza	aukio
plea	vetoomus
plead	anoa
pleasant	miellyttävä
pleased	tyytyväinen
pleasing	miellyttävä
pleasurable	miellyttävä
pleasure	ilo
pleasures	nautintoja
pleat	vekki
pleated	laskostettu
pledge	pantti
pledged	pantata
plenary	täysistunto
plentiful	runsas
plenty	paljon
plenum	liitäntälaatikko
plethora	yletön
plexus	plexus
pliable	taipuisa
plication	plication
pliers	pihdit
plight	ahdinko
plinth	sokkeli
plodding	plodding
plop	jysäyttää
plot	juoni
plough	aura
ploughed	aurattu
plover	hyyppä
plow	aura
plowed	aurattu
plowing	kyntö
ploy	juoni
pluck	nyppiä
plucky	sisukas
plug	pistoke
plum	luumu
plumage	höyhenpeite
plumb	luoti
plumber	putkimies
plumbing	putkityöt
plume	töyhtö
plummet	romahtaa
plump	pullea
plumper	plumper
plunder	ryöstää
plunge	syöstä
plunger	mäntä
plural	monikko
plurality	useita
plush	uhkea
plutonium	plutoniumia
ply	kerros
plywood	vaneri
pneumatic	pneumaattinen
pneumonia	keuhkokuume
poacher	salametsästäjä
poachers	salametsästäjät
poaching	salametsästys
pocket	tasku-
pocketbook	taskukirja
pocketful	kasoittain
pod	NO TRANSLATION
podium	koroke
poem	runo
poems	runoja
poet	runoilija
poetic	runollinen
poetical	runollinen
poetics	runousoppi
poetry	runous
pogo	pogo
poignant	kirvelevä
point	kohta
pointedly	terävästi
pointer	osoitin
pointless	turha
pointy	teräväkärkiset
poise	itsevarmuus
poison	myrkyttää
poisoned	myrkytetty
poisoning	myrkytys
poisonous	Varo myrkyllistä
poke	tuupata
poker	pokeri
pokes	pistää
polar	polaarinen
polarity	vastakkaisuus
pole	napa
polemic	poleeminen
police	Poliisi
police officer	poliisi
policeman	poliisi
policewoman	naispoliisi
policy	politiikka
polio	polio
polish	kiillottaa
polished	kiiltävä
polite	kohtelias
politeness	kohteliaisuus
politic	viisas
political	poliittinen
politician	poliitikko
politics	politiikka
polity	hallintojärjestelmä
polka	polkka
poll	äänestys
pollen	siitepöly
polling	äänestys
pollute	saastuttaa
pollution	saastuminen
polo	poolo
poltergeist	poltergeist
polyester	polyesteri
polygamy	moniavioisuus
polygon	monikulmio
polygonal	monikulmainen
polygraph	polygraph
polymer	polymeeri
polymorphism	polymorfismi
pomp	loisto
pompous	mahtipontinen
poncho	poncho
pond	lampi
ponder	pohtia
ponderous	raskas
pong	lemu
pontiff	paavi
pontificate	saarnata
pontoon	ponttoni
pony	poni
ponytail	poninhäntä
pooch	piski
poodle	villakoira
poof	Pöh
pool	pool
poop	Uloste
poor	huono
poorly	huonosti
pop	pop-
popcorn	Paukkumaissi
pope	paavi
popper	neppari
poppy	unikko
poppycock	hölynpöly
popsicle	mehujää
popular	suosittu
popularity	suosio
popularized	suosituksi
population	väestö
populous	tiheään asuttu
porcelain	posliini
porch	kuisti
porcupine	piikkisika
pore	huokonen
pork	sianliha
porker	sikahahmoa
porky	pullea
porn	porno
porno	porno
pornographic	pornografinen
pornography	pornografia
porosity	huokoisuus
porous	huokoinen
porridge	puuro
port	portti
portable	kannettava
portage	portage
portal	portaali
porter	portieeri
porterhouse	häränkyljys
portfolio	salkku
porthole	ikkuna
portico	pylväshalli
portion	osa
portrait	muotokuva
portraiture	muotokuva
portray	kuvata
pose	aiheuttaa
poser	NO TRANSLATION
posh	tyylikäs
posited	posited
position	asento
positioning	paikannus
positive	positiivinen
positiveenergy	NO TRANSLATION
positively	positiivisesti
positivity	positiivisuus
posse	järjestyspartio
possess	omistaa
possessed	riivattu
possessing	jolla
possession	hallinta
possessive	omistushaluinen
possessor	omistaja
possibility	mahdollisuus
possible	mahdollinen
possibly	mahdollisesti
possum	opossumi
post	lähettää
postage	postikulut
postal	posti-
postcard	postikortti
poster	juliste
posterior	taka-
posterity	jälkeläiset
posthumous	jälkeenjäänyt
postman	postinkantaja
postmortem	jälkipuinti
postpone	lykätä
postponed	lykättiin
postponement	lykkäys
postscript	jälkikirjoitus
postulate	olettaa
posture	ryhti
pot	pannu
potable	juomakelpoista
potassium	kalium
potato	peruna
potatoes	perunat
potency	teho
potent	voimakas
potential	mahdollinen
pothead	Pothead
pothole	kuoppa
potion	juoma
potluck	nyyttikestit
potpourri	hajuste
potted	pussitettu
potter	savenvalaja
pottery	keramiikka
potty	potta
pouch	pussi
poultry	siipikarja
pounce	syöksy
pound	punta
pounding	jytinä
pour	NO TRANSLATION
pout	mutristus
pouting	Partaturska
pouty	pouty
poverty	köyhyys
pow	sotavanki
powder	jauhe
powdered	jauhettu
powdery	jauhemainen
power	teho
powerful	voimakas
powerfully	voimakkaasti
powerhouse	voimanpesä
powerless	voimaton
powwow	palaveri
pox	kuppa
practicable	käyttökelpoinen
practical	käytännöllinen
practically	käytännössä
practice	harjoitella
practiced	harjoiteltu
practise	harjoitella
practitioner	lääkäri
pragmatic	käytännöllinen
prairie	preeria
praise	kehua
praised	kehui
praisegod	NO TRANSLATION
praisejesus	NO TRANSLATION
praises	kehuu
praiseworthy	kiitettävä
praising	ylistäen
prance	tepastella
prank	kepponen
prawn	katkarapu
praxis	Praxis
pray	rukoilla
prayer	rukous
prayforme	Rukoile puolestani
praying	rukoileva
praying mantis	rukoilijasirkka
preach	saarnata
preacher	julistaja
preaching	saarnaaminen
preamble	johdanto
precarious	epävarma
precaution	varotoimi
precautionary	varo-
precede	edeltää
precedence	etusija
precedent	ennakkotapaus
preceding	edeltävä
precept	ohjenuora
preceptor	ohjaaja
precession	prekessiota
precinct	kävelykatu
precincts	kävelykatuja
precious	kallisarvoinen
precipice	jyrkänne
precipitate	saostua
precipitation	sademäärä
precipitous	jyrkkä
precise	täsmällinen
precisely	tarkalleen ottaen
precision	tarkkuus
preclude	sulkea pois
precocious	varhaiskypsä
precursor	edeltäjä
predator	saalistaja
predatory	saalistus-
predecessor	edeltäjä
predicament	ahdinko
predicate	predikaatti
predict	ennustaa
predictable	ennustettavissa
predicting	ennustamiseen
prediction	ennustus
predictive	ennustavan
predictor	ennustaja
predilection	erityinen mieltymys jhk
predispose	altistaa
predisposed	altis
predisposition	taipumus
predominance	ylivalta
predominant	vallitseva
predominate	vallita
preeminent	preeminent
preemption	etuosto
preemptive	ennaltaehkäisevä
preface	esipuhe
prefect	prefekti
prefer	mieluummin
preferable	parempi
preference	etusija
preferential	etuoikeutettu
prefix	etuliite
pregnancy	raskaus
pregnant	raskaana
prehistoric	esihistoriallinen
prejudice	ennakkoluulo
prejudiced	ennakkoluuloinen
prejudicial	haitallinen
prelim	Prelim
preliminary	alustava
prelude	alkusoitto
premarital	esiaviollinen
premature	ennenaikainen
prematurely	ennen aikojaan
premed	premed
premeditated	harkittu
premier	johtava
premiere	ensi-ilta
premise	lähtökohta
premises	tilat
premium	palkkio
premonition	aavistus
prenatal	raskaudenaikainen
prenuptial	avioliittoasetuksen
preoccupation	huoli
preoccupied	syventynyt
prep	prep
preparation	valmistautuminen
preparatory	alustava
prepare	valmistella
prepared	valmis
preparedness	valmius
preparer	käsittelijä
preparing	valmistelu
preponderance	voittopuolisuus
preposterous	mieletön
preppy	preppy
prerequisite	edellytys
prerogative	etuoikeus
preschool	esikoulu-
prescient	ennalta tietävä
prescribe	määrätä
prescribed	määrätty
prescription	resepti
prescriptive	ohjaileva
presence	läsnäolo
present	esittää
presentable	mallikas
presentation	esittely
presenter	juontaja
presentment	Presentment
presents	esittelee
preservation	säilytys
preservative	säilöntäaine
preserve	säilyttää
preserved	säilytetty
preserving	säilöntä
preside	toimia puheenjohtajana
presidency	puheenjohtajuus
president	presidentti
presidential	presidentin-
press	Lehdistö
pressing	painamalla
pressure	paine
prestige	arvovalta
prestigious	arvovaltainen
presto	presto
presume	olettaa
presumption	olettamus
presumptive	oletettu
presumptuous	julkea
presuppose	otaksua
pretend	teeskennellä
pretended	petollinen
pretender	teeskentelijä
pretending	teeskennellen
pretense	teeskentely
pretensions	pretensions
pretentious	mahtaileva
pretext	tekosyy
pretty	nätti
pretzel	suolarinkilä
prevail	voittaa
prevailing	vallitseva
prevalence	yleisyys
prevalent	vallitseva
prevent	estää
preventative	ehkäisevä
prevention	ennaltaehkäisy
preventive	ehkäisevä
preview	esikatselu
previous	Edellinen
previously	aiemmin
prey	saalis
price	hinta
priceless	korvaamaton
pricey	tyyris
prick	ääliö
prickly	piikikäs
pride	ylpeys
priest	pappi
priestess	papitar
priesthood	pappeus
priestly	papillinen
prig	tärkeilijä
prim	siisti
prima	NO TRANSLATION
primacy	etusija
primal	varhainen
primary	ensisijainen
primate	kädellinen
primates	kädelliset
prime	tärkein
primed	pohjamaalattu
primer	pohjamaali
primeval	muinainen
priming	pohjustus
primitive	primitiivinen
primordial	varhais-
primrose	esikko
prince	prinssi
princely	ruhtinaallinen
princess	prinsessa
principal	pääasiallinen
principally	pääasiassa
principle	periaate
principles	periaatteet
print	Tulosta
printer	kirjoitin
printing	painaminen
printout	printata
prior	ennen
prioritize	asettaa etusijalle
priority	prioriteetti
priory	luostari
prism	prisma
prismatic	prisma-
prison	vankila
prisoner	vanki
prissy	hyperkorrekti
pristine	koskematon
privacy	yksityisyys
private	yksityinen
privately	yksityisesti
privilege	etuoikeus
privileged	etuoikeutettu
privy	käymälä
prize	palkinto-
prized	arvostettuja
pro	ammattilainen
proactive	ennakoiva
probability	todennäköisyys
probable	todennäköinen
probate	perintöasioihin
probation	koeaika
probationary	koeajalla oleva
probative	todistusvoimaa
probe	koetin
probing	luotaa
probity	nuhteettomuus
problem	ongelma
problematic	ongelmallinen
procedural	menettelyyn
procedure	menettely
proceed	edetä
proceeding	menettely
proceeds	tuotto
process	käsitellä asiaa
processing	käsittely
procession	kulkue
processor	suoritin
proclaim	julistaa
proclamation	julistus
procrastinate	viivytellä
procrastination	viivyttely
procreate	lisääntyä
procreation	lisääntyminen
proctologist	proctologist
proctor	proktori
procure	hankkia
procurement	hankinta
prod	tuot
prodigal	tuhlaajapoika
prodigious	ihmeellinen
prodigy	ihmelapsi
produce	tuottaa
produced	valmistettu
producer	tuottaja
producing	tuottavat
product	tuote
production	tuotanto
productive	tuottava
productivity	tuottavuus
profane	epäpyhä
profanity	rienaus
profess	tunnustaa
profession	ammatti
professional	ammattilainen
professionalism	ammattitaito
professor	professori
professorship	professuuri
proficiency	pätevyys
proficient	etevä
profile	profiili
profiler	profiler
profit	voitto
profitable	kannattava
profound	syvällinen
profuse	runsas
profusion	runsaus
prog	prog
progenitor	kantaisä
progeny	jälkeläiset
prognosis	ennuste
prognostic	ennusteellinen
program	ohjelmoida
programme	ohjelmoida
programmer	ohjelmoija
programming	ohjelmointi
progress	edistyminen
progression	eteneminen
progressive	etenevä
prohibit	kieltää
prohibited	kielletty
prohibition	kielto
prohibitive	ehkäisevä
project	projekti
projectile	ammus
projectiles	ammukset
projecting	ulkoneva
projection	projektio
projector	projektori
proletarian	proletaari
proletariat	proletariaatti
prolific	hedelmällinen
prologue	prologi
prolong	pidentää
prolongation	jatkaminen
prolonged	pitkittynyt
prom	tanssiaiset
promenade	rantakatu
prominence	huomattava asema
prominent	näkyvä
prominently	näkyvästi
promiscuity	siveettömyys
promiscuous	siveetön
promise	lupaus
promising	lupaava
promissory	sitoumus-
promo	mainos
promontory	niemeke
promote	edistää
promoter	promoottori
promotion	edistäminen
promotional	myynninedistämis-
prompt	nopea
prompting	suostuttelu
promulgate	levittää
promulgation	julistamisen
prone	altis
prong	piikki
pronounce	lausua
pronounced	korostunut
pronouncement	julkilausuma
pronto	NO TRANSLATION
pronunciation	ääntäminen
proof	todiste
prop	pönkittää
propaganda	propaganda
propagate	lisääntyä
propagation	eteneminen
propane	propaani
propel	kuljettaa
propelled	Propelled
propeller	potkuri
propelling	eteenpäinvientilaite
propensity	taipumus
proper	asianmukainen
property	omaisuus
prophecy	profetia
prophesy	ennustaa
prophet	profeetta
prophetic	profeetallinen
prophylactic	profylaktinen
prophylaxis	profylaksia
proportion	osa
proportional	verrannollinen
proportionate	suhteellinen
proportions	mittasuhteet
proposal	ehdotus
propose	ehdottaa
proposition	ehdotus
proprietary	patentoitu
proprietor	omistaja
proprietorship	omistusoikeus
propriety	säädyllisyys
propulsion	työntövoima
prose	proosa
prosecute	syyttää
prosecution	syyte
prosecutor	syyttäjä
prospect	näkymä
prospection	etsintään
prospective	mahdollinen
prospectively	takautuvasti
prospector	malminetsijä
prospectus	esite
prosper	menestyä
prosperity	vauraus
prosperous	vauras
prostate	eturauhanen
prosthetic	proteesin
prostitute	prostituoitu
prostitution	prostituutio
prostrate	nujerrettu
protagonist	päähenkilö
protect	suojella
protected	suojattu
protecting	suojaava
protection	suojaus
protective	suojaava
protector	suojelija
protein	proteiini
protest	protesti
protestant	protestantti
protocol	protokolla
proton	protoni
prototype	prototyyppi
protozoa	alkueläimet
protracted	pitkällinen
protrude	työntyä ulos
protrusion	ulkonema
proud	ylpeä
prove	todistaa
proven	todistettu
proverb	sananlasku
proverbial	sananlaskun-
provide	säätää
provided	mikäli
providence	kaitselmus
provider	toimittaja
providing	tarjoaminen
province	maakunta
provincial	maakunta-
provision	säännös
provisional	väliaikainen
provisionally	väliaikaisesti
provisions	määräykset
proviso	ehto
provocation	provokaatio
provocative	provosoiva
provoke	provosoida
provoked	provosoi
provoking	provosoi
provost	rehtori
prowess	kyvykkyys
prowl	vaania
prowler	prowler
proximal	lähempi
proximate	lähelle
proximity	läheisyys
proxy	valtuutettu
prude	sievistelijä
prudence	varovaisuus
prudent	varovainen
prune	karsia
pruning	karsiminen
pry	urkkia
prying	uteliailta
psalm	psalmi
psalms	psalmeja
pseudo	pseudo
pseudonym	salanimi
psi	psi
psoriasis	psoriaasi
psych	psykologia
psyche	psyyke
psychedelic	psykedeelinen
psychiatric	psykiatrinen
psychiatrist	psykiatri
psychiatry	psykiatria
psychic	psyykkinen
psychical	psyykkinen
psychics	psychics
psycho	psykopaatti
psychoanalysis	psykoanalyysi
psychoanalyst	psykoanalyytikko
psychobabble	psychobabble
psychological	psykologinen
psychologist	psykologi
psychology	psykologia
psychopath	psykopaatti
psychopathic	psykopaattinen
psychosis	psykoosi
psychosomatic	psykosomaattinen
psychotherapy	psykoterapia
psychotic	psykoottinen
pterodactyl	Pterodactyl
ptsd	PTSD
pub	pub
puberty	murrosikä
pubes	pubes
pubescent	murrosikäinen
pubic	häpy-
public	julkinen
publication	julkaisu
publicist	tiedottaja
publicity	julkisuus
publicly	julkisesti
publicspeaking	NO TRANSLATION
publish	julkaista
published	julkaistu
publisher	kustantaja
publishing	kustannustoiminta
puck	kiekko
pucker	ryppy
pudding	vanukas
puddle	lätäkkö
pudgy	pullea
puff	pullistaa
puffing	puuskuttaen
puffy	pullea
pug	mopsi
puke	oksentaa
pull	Vedä
pulley	talja
pullover	aja sivuun
pulmonary	keuhko-
pulp	massa
pulpit	saarnatuoli
pulsar	pulsar
pulsation	tykytys
pulse	pulssi
puma	puuma
pump	pumppu
pumped	pumpataan
pumpkin	kurpitsa
pun	NO TRANSLATION
punch	booli
punched	lävistettyjä
punching	lävistys
punchy	iskevä
punctual	täsmällinen
punctuality	täsmällisyys
punctually	täsmällisesti
punctuation	välimerkit
puncture	punktio
pundit	tietoviisas
pungent	pistävä
punish	rangaista
punishable	rangaistava
punished	rangaistaan
punishing	rankaisee
punishment	rankaiseminen
punitive	rangaistus-
punk	punk
punt	sauvoa
puny	hintelä
pup	poikanen
pupil	oppilas
puppet	nukke
puppeteer	nukketeatterin esittäjä
puppy	pentu
purchase	ostaa
purchaser	ostaja
purchasing	osto-
pure	puhdas
purebliss	NO TRANSLATION
puree	sose
purely	puhtaasti
purgatory	kiirastuli
purge	puhdistaa
purification	puhdistaminen
purify	puhdistaa
purist	puristi
purity	puhtaus
purple	violetti
purport	väittää
purpose	tarkoitus
purposely	tarkoituksella
purr	kehrätä
purring	kehrää
purse	kukkaro
pursuance	nojalla
pursue	jatkaa
pursuing	jatkaa
pursuit	pyrkimys
purveyor	levittäjä
purview	toimialaan
pus	mätä
push	työntää
pusher	työntäjä
pushing	työntää
pushover	pikkujuttu
pushy	päällekäyvä
puss	tyttö
pussy	pimppi
pussycat	kissimirri
put	laittaa
putative	otaksuttu
putrid	mädäntynyt
puts	puts
putt	putata
putter	puttaaja
putty	kitti
puzzle	palapeli
puzzled	ymmällään
puzzling	hämmentävä
pygmy	kääpiö
pylon	pylväs
pyramid	pyramidi
pyramidal	pyramidin muotoinen
pyrotechnics	pyrotekniikka
python	pytonkäärme
quack	puoskari
quad	quad
quadrangle	nelikulmio
quadrant	neljänneksessä
quadratic	neliömäinen
quadrature	quadrature
quadruple	nelinkertaistaa
quadrupole	quadrupolimassaspektrometria
quagmire	suo
quail	viiriäinen
quaint	viehättävä
quake	hyllyä
qualifications	edellytykset
qualified	pätevä
qualify	pätevöityä
qualifying	ajot
qualities	ominaisuudet
quality	laatu
quandary	pulmallinen tilanne
quantify	ilmaista määrällisesti
quantitative	määrällinen
quantitatively	määrällisesti
quantity	määrä
quantum	kvantti
quarantine	karanteeni
quarrel	riidellä
quarry	louhia
quart	gallona
quarter	neljännes
quarterback	pelinrakentaja
quartered	neljännekseen
quarterly	neljännesvuosittain
quartermaster	huoltopäällikkö
quarters	neljäsosaa
quartet	kvartetti
quartile	kvartiili
quarto	NO TRANSLATION
quartz	kvartsi
quash	kumota
quasi	kvasi
quaternary	kvaternaariset
quay	NO TRANSLATION
queasiness	queasiness
queasy	sekaisin
queen	kuningatar
queer	homo
quell	tukahduttaa
quench	sammuttaa
query	tiedustelu
quest	etsintä
question	kysymys
questionable	kyseenalainen
questioning	kysyvä
questionnaire	kyselylomake
queue	jonottaa
queues	jonot
quibble	kinastella
quiche	piirakka
quick	nopea
quicken	nopeuttaa
quickie	pikainen
quickly	nopeasti
quickness	nopeus
quicksand	juoksuhiekka
quicksilver	elohopea
quid	mälli
quiescent	uinuva
quiet	hiljainen
quietly	hiljaa
quill	sulkakynä
quilt	peite
quince	kvitteni
quinine	kiniini
quintet	kvintetti
quirk	oikku
quirky	omituinen
quit	lopettaa
quits	sujut
quitter	NO TRANSLATION
quiver	vapista
quivering	värinä
quiz	tietokilpailu
quorum	päätösvaltaisuus
quota	kiintiö
quotation	lainaus
quote	lainata
quotes	lainausmerkit
quotient	osamäärä
rabbi	rabbi
rabbit	kani
rabble	lauma
rabid	yltiöpäinen
rabies	raivotauti
raccoon	pesukarhu
race	rotu
racehorse	kilpahevonen
racer	kilpailija
racetrack	ravirata
racial	rodullinen
racism	rasismi
racist	rasistinen
rack	teline
racket	maila
racketeering	gangsteritoiminta
racking	raastava
racquetball	racquetball
racy	hurja
radar	tutka
radial	säteittäinen
radiance	loiste
radiant	säteilevä
radiate	säteillä
radiation	säteily
radiator	jäähdytin
radical	radikaali
radically	radikaalisti
radio	radio
radioactive	radioaktiivinen
radioactivity	radioaktiivisuus
radiograph	röntgenkuva
radiography	radiografia
radiologist	radiologi
radiology	radiologia
radish	retiisi
radium	radium
radius	säde
radon	radon
raffle	arpajaiset
raft	lautta
rag	rätti
rage	raivo
ragemode	ragemode
ragetweet	NO TRANSLATION
ragged	repaleinen
raggedy	Raggedy
raging	raivoava
rags	lumput
ragtime	ragtime
raid	ratsia
raider	ryöstäjä
rail	kisko
railing	kaide
railroad	rautatie
railway	rautatie
raiment	puku
rain	sade
rainbow	sateenkaari
rainbow trout	kirjolohi
rainbows	sateenkaaria
raincoat	sadetakki
raindrops	sadepisarat
rainfall	sademäärä
rainforest	sademetsä
rainmaker	rainmaker
rainstorm	rankkasade
rainy	sateinen
rainyday	sateinen päivä
raise	nostaa
raised	nosti
raisin	rusina
raising	nostaminen
rake	harava
rally	ralli
ram	RAM
ramble	vaellella
rambling	sokkeloinen
ramp	ramppi
rampage	riehua
rampant	rehottava
rampart	valli
ramrod	puhdistuspuikko
ranch	karjatila
rancher	karjatilallinen
rancid	eltaantunut
random	satunnainen
randomly	satunnaisesti
randomness	satunnaisuuden
randy	himokas
range	alue
ranger	metsänvartija
rank	arvo
ranking	sijoitus
ransom	lunnaat
rant	paasaus
ranting	ranting
rap	rap
rape	raiskata
rapid	nopea
rapidity	nopeus
rapids	koski
rapist	raiskaaja
rapper	räppäri
rapping	Räppääminen
rapport	NO TRANSLATION
rapt	haltioitunut
raptor	Raptor
raptors	petolinnut
rapture	hurmio
rare	harvinainen
rarely	harvoin
rarity	harvinaisuus
rascal	lurjus
rash	ihottuma
raspberries	vadelmat
raspberry	vadelma
rat	rotta
ratchet	räikkä
rate	nopeus
ratification	ratifiointi
ratify	ratifioida
rating	luokitus
ratio	suhde
ration	säännöstellä
rational	järkevä
rationale	perussyyt
rationalism	rationalismi
rationality	järkevyys
rationalize	järkeistää
rationing	säännöstely
rattan	rottinki
rattle	helistin
rattled	ravisutti
rattler	kalkkarokäärme
rattlesnake	kalkkarokäärme
ratty	kiukkuinen
raucous	riehakas
ravage	runnella
rave	rave
raven	korppi
ravenous	ahnas
ravine	rotko
raving	raivoava
ravioli	ravioli
ravishing	hurmaava
raw	raaka
rawhide	nahas
rawr	rawr
ray	säde
razor	partaveitsi
reach	saavuttaa
react	suhtautua
reaction	reaktio
reactionary	taantumuksellinen
reactive	reagoiva
reactor	reaktori
read	lukea
reader	lukija
readership	lukijakunta
readily	helposti
readiness	valmius
reading	lukeminen
readjustment	uudelleenjärjestely
readout	lukea ääneen
ready	valmis
readytogo	readytogo
reaffirm	vahvistavat
reagent	reagenssin
real	todellinen
realism	realismi
realist	realisti
realistic	realistinen
reality	todellisuus
realization	oivallus
realize	ymmärtää
realm	valtakunta
realtor	kiinteistönvälittäjä
realty	realty
ream	riisi
reap	niittää
reaper	elonkorjaaja
reappear	ilmestyä uudelleen
rear	takaosa
rearrange	järjestää uudelleen
rearrangement	toisiintuminen
reason	syy
reasonable	kohtuullinen
reasonableness	kohtuullisuus
reasoning	perustelut
reasons	syyt
reassemble	koota
reassign	siirtää
reassignment	siirtämisellä
reassurance	varmuus
reassure	vakuuttaa
reassured	vakuutti
reassuring	rauhoittava
rebate	hyvitys
rebel	kapinallinen
rebellion	kapina
rebellious	kapinallinen
rebels	kapinalliset
rebirth	uudestisyntyminen
reboot	reboot
reborn	uudestisyntynyt
rebound	ponnahtaa
rebuild	uudistaa
rebuke	nuhtelu
rebut	kiistää
rebuttal	kiistäminen
recalcitrant	niskoitteleva
recall	palauttaa mieleen
recant	luopua
recap	kertaus
recapture	vallata takaisin
recast	uudelleenlaatiminen
recede	häipyä
receding	väistymässä
receipt	kuitti
receipts	tulot
receive	vastaanottaa
received	otettu vastaan
receiver	vastaanotin
receiving	vastaanotetaan
recent	viimeaikainen
receptacle	astia
reception	vastaanotto
receptionist	vastaanottovirkailija
receptive	vastaanottavainen
receptor	-reseptorin
recess	syvennys
recesses	syvennykset
recession	lama
recharge	ladata
recheck	tarkista
recherche	NO TRANSLATION
recidivism	uusintarikollisuus
recipe	resepti
recipient	vastaanottaja
reciprocal	vastavuoroinen
reciprocate	vastavuoroisesti
reciprocity	vastavuoroisuus
recital	kappaleessa
recitation	lausunta
recite	lausua
reckless	holtiton
recklessness	piittaamattomuus
reckon	arvella
reckoning	reckoning
reclaim	pelastaa
reclamation	talteenotto
recline	kallistaa
reclining	makuuasentoon
recluse	erakko
recognition	tunnustus
recognizable	tunnistettava
recognize	tunnistaa
recognized	tunnistettu
recoil	rekyyli
recollect	muistaa
recollection	muistikuva
recombinant	rekombinantti
recombination	rekombinaatio
recommend	suositella
recommendation	suositus
recompense	hyvittää
recon	tiedustelu
reconcile	sovittaa yhteen
reconciliation	sovinto
reconfigure	reconfigure
reconnaissance	tiedustelu
reconnect	uudelleen
reconsider	harkita uudelleen
reconsideration	uudelleenkäsittelyä
reconstitution	saattamisen
reconstruct	rekonstruoida
reconstruction	jälleenrakennus
reconstructive	korjaavaan
reconvene	kutsumaan
record	ennätys
recorder	nauhuri
recording	äänite
recount	tarkistuslaskenta
recoup	saada takaisin
recourse	turvautua
recover	toipua
recoverable	kerrytettävissä
recovery	elpyminen
recreate	luoda uudestaan
recreation	virkistys
recreational	virkistys-
recruit	rekrytoida
recruiter	rekrytoija
recruiting	rekrytointi
recruitment	rekrytointi
recruits	rekrytoi
rectal	rektaalisesti
rectangle	suorakulmio
rectangular	suorakulmainen
rectification	oikaisua
rectify	korjata
rector	rehtori
rectory	pappila
rectum	peräsuoli
recumbent	makaava
recuperation	toipuminen
recur	toistua
recurrence	toistuminen
recurrent	toistuva
recurring	toistuva
recursion	rekursio
recursive	rekursiivinen
recursively	rekursiivisesti
recycle	kierrättää
recycled	kierrätetään
recycling	kierrätys
red	punainen
reddish	punertava
redecorate	kunnostaa
redeem	lunastaa
redeemed	lunastettu
redemption	lunastus
redesign	uudistaa
redhead	punapää
redheaded	punatukkainen
redirect	kääntää
redneck	punaniska
redness	punaisuus
redo	tehdä uudelleen
redress	korjata
reduce	vähentää
reduced	pelkistetty
reduction	vähentäminen
redundancy	irtisanominen
redundant	tarpeeton
redwood	punapuu
reed	ruoko
reef	riutta
reefer	pilveä
reefs	riuttoja
reek	haista
reel	kela
reelection	uudelleenvalinnan
reeling	rullata
reenactment	reenactment
reentry	paluu
reestablish	palauttamaan
ref	viite
refer	viitata
referee	tuomari
reference	viite
referendum	kansanäänestys
referral	lähete
refill	täyttää
refine	jalostaa
refined	puhdistettu
refinement	hienostuneisuus
refinery	jalostamo
refining	jalostus
refit	olla korjattavana
reflect	heijastaa
reflecting	heijastava
reflection	heijastus
reflective	heijastava
reflector	heijastin
reflex	refleksi
reflux	refluksi
reform	uudistaa
reformation	uudistaminen
reformer	uskonpuhdistaja
refraction	taittuminen
refractor	refractor
refractory	tulenkestävä
refrain	pidättäytyä
refraining	pidättäytymällä
refresh	virkistää
refreshed	virkeänä
refreshing	virkistävä
refreshment	virvoke
refrigerate	jäähdyttää
refrigeration	jäähdytys
refrigerator	jääkaappi
refuel	tankata
refuge	turvapaikka
refugee	pakolainen
refund	maksun palautus
refurbish	kunnostaa
refusal	epääminen
refuse	kieltäytyä
refused	kieltäytyi
refusing	epäämisestä
refutation	kumottu
refute	kumota
regain	saada takaisin
regal	loistelias
regalia	arvonmerkit
regard	ottaa huomioon
regatta	regatta
regency	holhoojahallitus
regenerate	uudistua
regeneration	uudistuminen
regent	valtionhoitaja
reggae	reggae
regime	järjestelmä
regimen	kuuri
regiment	rykmentti
regimental	rykmentin-
region	alue
regional	alueellinen
regionalism	regionalismi
register	ilmoittautua
registrar	kirjaaja
registration	rekisteröinti
registry	kirjaamo
regress	taantua
regression	regressio
regressive	regressiivinen
regret	katua
regretful	pahoillaan
regrettable	valitettava
regretted	pahoitteli
regretting	pahoittelee
regroup	järjestyä uudelleen
regular	säännöllinen
regularity	säännöllisyys
regulars	vakituisesti
regulate	säännellä
regulated	säännelty
regulation	säätö
regulator	säädin
regulatory	sääntelyn
regurgitation	pulauttelu
rehab	kuntoutus
rehabilitate	kuntouttaa
rehabilitation	kuntoutus
rehash	toistaminen
rehearsal	harjoitus
rehearse	harjoitella
reign	vallita
reigning	Hallitseva
reimburse	hyvittää
reimbursement	korvaus
rein	ohjat
reincarnation	reinkarnaatio
reindeer	poro
reinforce	vahvistaa
reinforcement	vahvistaminen
reinforcements	vahvistukset
reins	ohjakset
reinstall	asenna
reinstate	palauttaa
reinstatement	palauttamista
reinvest	investoivat
reinvestment	uudelleeninvestointi
reiterate	toistaa
reject	hylätä
rejected	hylätty
rejection	hylkäys
rejects	hylkää
rejoice	iloita
rejoicing	riemu
rejoin	liittyä
rejuvenate	nuorentaa
rejuvenated	nuorennusleikkauksen
rekindle	sytyttää uudestaan
relapse	uusiutuminen
relate	koskea
related	liittyvä
relation	suhde
relationship	yhteys
relative	suhteellinen
relativity	suhteellisuus
relax	rentoutua
relaxant	relaxant
relaxation	rentoutuminen
relaxed	rento
relaxing	rentouttava
relay	rele
release	julkaisu
released	julkaisi
relegation	putoaminen
relentless	säälimätön
relevance	merkityksellisyys
relevancy	merkityksellisyys
relevant	merkityksellinen
reliability	luotettavuus
reliable	luotettava
reliance	riippuvuus
relic	jäänne
relics	pyhäinjäännöksiä
relief	helpotus
relieve	lievittää
relieved	helpottunut
relieving	lievittää
relight	relight
religion	uskonto
religious	uskonnollinen
relinquish	luovuttaa
relish	nautittavuus
relive	kokea uudelleen
reload	ladata
relocate	uudelleensijoittaa
relocation	siirtäminen
reluctance	haluttomuus
reluctant	vastahakoinen
rely	luottaa
remain	jäädä jäljelle
remainder	loput
remaining	jäljelle jäänyt
remains	jäännökset
remake	tehdä uudelleen
remand	tutkintavankeus
remark	huomautus
remarkable	huomattava
remarkably	huomattavasti
remarry	mennä uudestaan ​​naimisiin
rematch	uusintaottelua
remedial	parantava
remedy	parannuskeino
remember	muistaa
remembered	muistetaan
remembering	muistaminen
remembrance	muisto
remind	muistuttaa
reminder	muistutus
reminisce	muistella menneitä
reminiscent	muistuttaa
reminiscing	muistelee
remiss	huolimaton
remission	remissio
remit	vastuualueeseen
remittance	rahalähetys
remnant	jäännös
remodel	uudistaa
remorse	katumus
remorseful	katuvainen
remote	etä
remoteness	syrjäinen
removal	poistaminen
remove	poistaa
remover	poistoaine
remuneration	korvaus
renaissance	renessanssi
renal	munuais-
rencontre	NO TRANSLATION
rend	NO TRANSLATION
render	tehdä
rendering	tulkinta
rendezvous	kohtaaminen
rendition	esitys
renegade	luopio
renegotiate	neuvotella
renew	uudistaa
renewal	uusiminen
renounce	kieltää
renovate	kunnostaa
renovated	remontoitu
renovation	kunnostus
renown	kuuluisuus
renowned	kuuluisa
rent	vuokrata
rental	vuokra
renter	vuokraaja
renunciation	luopuminen
reopen	uudelleen
reorganization	uudelleenjärjestely
reorganize	järjestää uudelleen
rep	edustaja
repaint	maalaa
repair	korjaus
repairman	korjaaja
reparation	hyvitys
repay	maksaa takaisin
repayment	takaisinmaksu
repeal	kumota
repeat	toistaa
repeated	toistettu
repeatedly	toistuvasti
repeater	toistin
repel	hylkiä
repellant	karkote
repellent	hylkivä
repelling	hylkivä
repent	katua
repentance	katumus
repentant	katuvainen
repertoire	ohjelmisto
repertory	skaala
repetition	kertaus
repetitive	toistuva
rephrase	muotoilla uudelleen
replace	korvata
replacement	korvaus
replay	uusinta
replenish	täydentää
replete	kylläinen
replica	kopio
replicate	toistaa
replication	replikointi
reply	Vastaa
report	raportti
reported	raportoitu
reporter	reportteri
repose	levätä
reposition	asemoida
repository	säilytyspaikka
repossess	ottaa haltuunsa
reprehensible	tuomittava
represent	edustaa
representation	edustus
representative	edustaja
represented	edustettuina
representing	edustavat
repress	tukahduttaa
repressed	tukahdutettu
repression	tukahduttaminen
reprieve	lykkäys
reprimand	nuhtelu
reprint	uusintapainos
reprisal	kosto
reprise	Reprise
reproach	moite
reproduce	jäljentää
reproduction	jäljentäminen
reproductive	lisääntymis-
reprogram	ohjelmoida
reptile	matelija
republic	tasavalta
republican	tasavaltalainen
repudiation	kieltäminen
repugnance	vastenmielisyys
repugnant	vastenmielinen
repulsion	vastenmielisyys
repulsive	vastenmielinen
repurchase	takaisinosto
reputable	hyvämaineinen
reputation	maine
repute	maine
reputed	väitetty
request	pyyntö
requiem	sielumessu
require	vaatia
required	edellytetään
requirement	vaatimus
requisite	tarvittava
requisition	pakkoluovutus
reread	kertausta
reroute	ohjata kiertoteitse
rerun	uusinta
reschedule	uudelleenjärjestelystä
rescind	kumota
rescission	purkaminen
rescue	pelastaa
research	tutkimus
researcher	tutkija
resection	resektio
resemblance	yhdennäköisyys
resemble	muistuttaa
resembling	muistuttavat
resent	paheksua
resentful	ärtynyt
resentment	kauna
reservation	varaus
reserve	varata
reserved	varattu
reserves	varaukset
reservoir	varasto
reset	asettaa uudelleen
reside	asua
residence	asuinpaikka
residences	asuntoja
residency	residenssi
resident	asukas
residential	asuin-
residual	jäljelle jäävä
residue	jäännös
resign	erota
resignation	eroaminen
resigned	alistunut
resilience	kimmoisuus
resilient	kimmoisa
resin	hartsi
resist	vastustaa
resistance	vastus
resistant	kestävä
resisting	vastustavat
resistive	resistiivinen
resolute	päättäväinen
resolutely	päättäväisesti
resolution	päätöslauselma
resolve	ratkaista
resolved	ratkaistu
resonance	resonanssi
resonant	kaikuva
resonate	värähdellä
resonator	resonaattori
resort	lomakeskus
resounding	raikuva
resource	resurssi
resourceful	neuvokas
resources	voimavarat
respect	kunnioittaminen
respectability	kunniallisuus
respectable	kunniallinen
respected	arvostettu
respectful	kunnioittava
respecting	kunnioittaen
respective	kunkin
respects	suhteissa
respiration	hengitys
respirator	hengityssuojain
respiratory	hengitys
respite	hengähdystauko
resplendent	häikäisevä
respond	vastata
respondent	vastaaja
response	vastaus
responsibility	vastuu
responsible	vastuullinen
responsive	herkkä
rest	levätä
restart	uudelleenkäynnistää
restaurant	ravintola
rested	levännyt
restful	rauhallinen
restitution	palautus
restless	levoton
restlessness	levottomuus
restock	täydentää
restoration	entisöinti
restorative	vahvistava
restore	palauttaa
restored	palautettu
restoring	palauttaminen
restrain	hillitä
restrained	hillitty
restraining	hillitsevä
restraint	rajoitus
restrict	rajoittaa
restricted	rajoitettu
restriction	rajoitus
restrictive	rajoittava
restroom	wC
result	tulos
resultant	tuloksena
resume	jatkaa
resumption	jatkaminen
resurrect	elvyttää
resurrection	ylösnousemus
resuscitate	elvyttää
resuscitation	elvytys
retail	jälleenmyynti
retailer	jälleenmyyjä
retain	säilyttää
retainer	pidike
retaining	säilyttäen
retake	uusintaotos
retaliate	kostaa
retaliation	kosto
retaliatory	vastatoimet
retard	kehitysvammainen
retardation	jälkeenjääneisyys
retarded	kehitysvammainen
retards	hidastaa
retention	säilyttäminen
retentive	pidättävä
rethink	harkittava uudelleen
reticent	vähäpuheinen
retina	verkkokalvo
retinal	verkkokalvon
retire	jäädä eläkkeelle
retired	eläkkeellä
retirement	eläke
retiring	eläkkeelle jäävä
retold	herää eloon
retort	tislausastia
retrace	seurata
retract	perua
retraction	peruutus
retractor	kelauslaite
retreat	vetäytyä
retrenchment	säästötoimet
retrial	uudelleenkäsittelyä
retribution	rangaistus
retrieval	haku
retrieve	hakea
retriever	noutaja
retro	retro
retroactive	takautuva
retrograde	taantuva
retrospect	sylmäys taaksepäin
retrospective	takautuva
retrospectively	jälkikäteen
return	palata
reunion	jälleennäkeminen
reunite	yhdistyä jälleen
reunited	yhdistynyt
rev	kierros
reveal	paljastaa
revel	rellestää
revelation	paljastus
revelations	paljastukset
revels	Revels
revenge	kosto
revenue	tulot
reverberation	heijastuminen
revere	kunnioittaa syvästi
reverence	kunnioitus
reverend	kunnianarvoisa
reverent	kunnioittava
reverie	unelmointi
reversal	muutos
reverse	käänteinen
reversion	palautuminen
revert	palautua
reverting	palataan
review	arvostelu
reviewer	arvostelija
revise	tarkistaa
revision	tarkistus
revisit	uudelleen
revival	elpyminen
revive	elvyttää
revocation	kumoaminen
revoke	peruuttaa
revolt	kapina
revolting	vastenmielinen
revolution	vallankumous
revolutionary	vallankumouksellinen
revolutionize	mullistaa
revolve	pyöriä
revolver	revolveri
revolving	pyörivä
revue	revyy
revulsion	inho
revving	kiertävä
reward	palkinto
rewarding	antoisa
rewind	Rewind
rewire	ReWire
rewrite	kirjoittaa uudelleen
rhapsody	rapsodia
rhetoric	retoriikka
rhetorical	retorinen
rheumatism	reumatismi
rhinestone	tekojalokivi
rhino	sarvikuono
rhinoceros	sarvikuono
rhubarb	raparperi
rhyme	loppusointu
rhyming	riimittelyä
rhythm	rytmi
rhythmic	rytminen
rhythmical	rytmikäs
rib	kylkiluu
ribbed	joustin
ribbon	nauha
rice	riisi
rich	rikas
riches	rikkaudet
richness	rikkaus
rick	nyrjähdys
rickety	kiikkerä
rickshaw	riksa
ricochet	kimmota
rid	eroon
riddance	vapautuminen
riddle	arvoitus
riddled	seulana
ride	ratsastaa
rider	ratsastaja
ridge	harjanne
ridicule	pilkka
ridiculed	naurettavien
ridiculous	naurettava
riding	ratsastus
rife	pullollaan
riff	riffi
riffraff	rupusakki
rifle	kivääri
rifleman	kiväärimies
rifles	kiväärit
rift	välirikko
rig	kamppeet
rigged	väärennetty
rigging	takila
right	oikea
righteous	vanhurskas
righteousness	vanhurskaus
rightful	laillinen
rightly	oikeutetusti
righty	Selvä
rigid	jäykkä
rigidity	jäykkyys
rigor	täsmällisyys
rigorous	tiukka
rim	vanne
rind	kuori
ring	rengas
ringer	soittoäänen
ringing	korvien
ringleader	johtaja
ringmaster	sirkustirehtööri
ringside	kehän vierus
rink	jäähalli
rinse	huuhdella
riot	mellakka
rioting	mellakointi
riotous	riehakas
riots	mellakat
rip	lepää rauhassa
riparian	jokivarsien
ripe	kypsä
ripen	kypsyä
ripening	kypsyminen
ripper	viiltäjä
ripple	väre
rippling	solinaa
rise	kohota
rising	nouseva
risk	riski
risky	riskialtis
risotto	risotto
rite	riitti
ritual	rituaali-
ritualistic	rituaalinen
rival	kilpailija
rivalry	kilpailu
river	joki
riverbank	joen penkka
riverbed	joenuoma
riverboat	jokilaivalla
rivet	niitti
riveted	niitattu
riveting	mukaansatempaava
roach	särki
road	tie
roadblock	tiesulku
roadhouse	tienvarsiravintola
roadie	roudari
roadrage	NO TRANSLATION
roadrunner	maakäki
roads	tiet
roadside	tienvarsi
roadster	avoauto
roadtrip	roadtrip
roadway	ajorata
roadworks	tietyöt
roam	vaeltaa
roar	karjaisu
roaring	möly
roast	paisti
roasted	paahdettu
rob	ryöstää
robber	rosvo
robbery	ryöstö
robe	kaapu
robin	punarinta
robot	robotti
robotic	robotti-
robotics	robotiikka
robust	lujatekoinen
roc	ROC
rock	rock
rocker	rokkari
rocket	raketti
rocks	kiviä
rod	sauva
rodent	jyrsijä
rodeo	rodeo
roe	mäti
rogue	veijari
role	rooli
roll	rulla
roller	rulla
rollercoaster	vuoristorata
rollers	rullat
rollicking	riehakas
rolling	jatkuva
roman	roomalainen
romance	romanssi
romantic	romanttinen
romanticism	romantiikka
romp	peuhata
roof	katto
rooftop	katto
rook	torni
rookie	alokas
room	huone
roomful	huoneen täysi
roommate	huonetoveri
rooms	Huoneet
roomy	tilava
roost	orsi
rooster	kukko
root	juuri
root beer	juuri olut
rooted	juurtunut
rope	köysi
ropes	köydet
rosary	rukousnauha
rose	ruusu-
rosemary	rosmariini
rosette	ruusuke
roster	lista
rosy	ruusuinen
rot	laho
rota	työlista
rotary	pyörivä
rotate	kiertää
rotation	kierto
rote	rutiini
rotor	roottori
rotten	mätä
rotting	mätänevät
rotunda	rotunda
rouge	poskipuna
rough	karkea
roughly	karkeasti
roughneck	huligaani
roughness	karheus
roulette	ruletti
round	pyöristää
roundabout	liikenneympyrä
rounded	pyöristetty
roundup	pyöristää
rouse	herättää
rouser	Rouser
rousing	sykähdyttävä
rout	murskatappio
route	reitti
routine	rutiini
rove	kuljeksia
rover	rover
roving	kiertävä
row	rivi
rowboat	soutuvene
rowdy	räyhäävä
rowing	soutu
royal	kuninkaallinen
royalty	royalty
rub	hieroa
rubber	kumi
rubbers	kalossit
rubbing	hankaus
rubbish	roskat
rubble	kivimurska
rubdown	hankaus
rubric	ohje
ruby	rubiini
ruckus	meteli
rudder	peräsin
ruddy	punaposkinen
rude	töykeä
rudeness	töykeys
rudimentary	alkeellinen
rudiments	alkeet
rue	rue
rueful	surullinen
ruff	röyhelökaulus
ruffian	roisto
ruffle	hermostuttaa
rug	matto
rugby	rugby
rugged	karu
ruin	pilata
ruination	turmio
ruined	pilalla
ruinous	tuhoisa
ruins	rauniot
rule	sääntö
ruler	viivotin
ruling	hallitseva
rum	rommi
rumba	rumba
rumble	jylinä
rummage	penkoa
rumor	huhu
rumored	väitetty
rump	takapuoli
rumpus	metakka
run	juosta
runaround	juoksennella
runaway	juokse pois
rundown	loppua
runes	riimut
rung	askelma
runner	juoksija
running	juoksu
running shoes	lenkkitossut
runny	vuotava
runt	NO TRANSLATION
runway	kiitorata
rupture	repeämä
rural	maaseudun
ruse	NO TRANSLATION
rush	kiire
rushing	hoppu
rust	ruoste
rusted	ruostunut
rustic	maalaismainen
rustle	rasahdus
rustler	karjavaras
rusty	ruosteinen
rut	kiima
ruth	Ruth
ruthless	häikäilemätön
rye	ruis
sabbatical	sapatti-
saber	NO TRANSLATION
sable	soopeli
sabotage	sabotoida
saboteur	sabotoija
sac	pussi
sack	säkki
sacrament	sakramentti
sacred	pyhä
sacrifice	uhrata
sacrifices	uhrauksia
sacrificial	uhri-
sacrilege	pyhäinhäväistys
sacrilegious	häpäisevä
sad	surullinen
sadday	NO TRANSLATION
saddens	surettaa
saddle	satula
sadist	sadisti
sadistic	sadistinen
sadly	valitettavasti
sadness	surullisuus
safari	safari
safe	turvallinen
safeguard	turvata
safekeeping	säilytys
safety	turvallisuus
saffron	sahrami
sag	painua
saga	saaga
sage	salvia
saggy	roikkuva
sail	purjehtia
sailboat	purjevene
sailing	purjehdus
sailor	merimies
saint	pyhimys
sainted	pyhä
saintly	hurskas
sake	vuoksi
salad	salaatti
salamander	salamanteri
salami	salami
salary	palkkaus
sale	myynti
salesgirl	salesgirl
salesman	myyntimies
salient	merkittävä
saline	suola-
saliva	sylki
sally	rynnäkkö
salmon	lohi
salmonella	salmonella
salon	salonki
saloon	sedan
salsa	salsa
salt	suola
salted	suolattu
saltwater	suolavesi
salty	suolainen
salutary	hyödyllinen
salutation	tervehdys
salute	tervehdys
salvage	pelastaa
salvation	pelastus
salve	voide
samba	samba
sameness	yksitoikkoisuus
sample	näyte
samurai	samurai
sanatorium	parantola
sanctification	sanktio
sanctified	pyhitetty
sanctify	pyhittää
sanctimonious	tekopyhä
sanction	sanktio
sanctioned	seuraamuksia
sanctity	pyhyys
sanctuary	pyhäkkö
sanctum	Sanctum
sand	hiekka
sandal	sandaali
sandbox	hiekkalaatikko
sander	hiomakone
sandman	nukkumatti
sandpaper	hioa
sands	hiekka
sandstorm	hiekkamyrsky
sandwich	voileipä
sandy	hiekkainen
sane	täysijärkinen
sanguine	toiveikas
sanitarium	parantola
sanitary	saniteetti-
sanitation	viemäröinti
sanity	mielenterveys
sans	NO TRANSLATION
santa	joulupukki
sap	mahla
sapiens	sapiens
sapphire	safiiri
sappy	typerä
sarcasm	sarkasmi
sarcastic	sarkastinen
sarcoma	sarkooma
sarcophagus	sarkofagi
sardine	sardiini
sardonic	ivallinen
sarsaparilla	sarsaparilla
sash	kehys
sashimi	sashimi
sassafras	Sassafras
sassy	nenäkäs
satanic	saatanallinen
satchel	olkalaukku
sate	NO TRANSLATION
satellite	satelliitti
satin	satiini
satire	satiiri
satirical	satiirinen
satisfaction	tyytyväisyys
satisfactorily	riittävästi
satisfactory	tyydyttävä
satisfied	vakuuttunut
satisfy	tyydyttää
satisfying	tyydyttävä
saturate	kyllästää
saturated	tyydyttynyt
saturation	kyllästys
satyr	satyyri
sauce	kastike
saucepan	Kasari
saucer	pikkulautanen
saucy	näpsäkkä
sauerkraut	hapankaali
sauna	sauna
sausage	makkara
savage	raivoisa
savagery	raakuus
savanna	savanni
savannah	savanni
savant	oppinut
save	Tallentaa
saver	säästäjä
saving	tallentaa
savings	säästöt
savior	pelastaja
savor	maistella
savory	suolainen
savvy	taju
saw	näin
sawdust	sahanpuru
sawmill	saha
sax	saksofoni
saxophone	saksofoni
say	sanoa
sayonara	NO TRANSLATION
scab	rupi
scabbard	tuppi
scaffold	rakennustelineet
scaffolding	rakennustelineet
scalding	tulikuuma
scale	asteikko
scales	asteikot
scallop	kampasimpukka
scalp	päänahka
scalpel	leikkausveitsi
scaly	hilseilevä
scam	huijaus
scamp	lurjus
scampi	scampi
scan	skannata
scandal	skandaali
scandalous	pöyristyttävä
scanner	skanneri
scanty	niukka
scape	maisema
scapegoat	syntipukki
scar	arpi
scarab	pillerinpyörittäjä
scarce	niukka
scarcely	tuskin
scarcity	niukkuus
scare	pelästyttää
scarecrow	variksenpelätin
scared	pelästynyt
scares	pelottaa
scarf	huivi
scarier	pelottavampi
scariest	pelottavin
scarlet	tulipunainen
scary	pelottava
scat	häipyä
scatter	hajaantua
scattered	hajallaan
scattering	hajonta
scavenger	raadonsyöjä
scenario	skenaario
scene	näkymä
scenery	maisema
scenic	luonnonkaunis
scent	tuoksu
scented	tuoksuva
scepter	valtikka
sceptical	skeptinen
scepticism	skeptisyys
schadenfreude	schadenfreude
schedule	ajoittaa
schematic	kaavamainen
scheme	ohjelma
schilling	Schilling
schism	skisma
schizophrenia	skitsofrenia
schizophrenic	skitsofreeninen
schlep	raahautua
schmuck	NO TRANSLATION
schnapps	snapsi
schnitzel	leike
scholar	tutkija
scholarly	tieteellinen
scholarship	apuraha
scholastic	skolastinen
school	koulu
schoolboy	koulupoika
schoolgirl	koulutyttö
schoolhouse	koulutalo
schooling	koulunkäynti
schoolmaster	opettaja
schoolteacher	NO TRANSLATION
schoolwork	koulutyö
schoolyard	koulupiha
schooner	kuunari
sciatica	iskias
science	tiede
scientific	tieteellinen
scientist	tiedemies
scifi	scifi
scintilla	NO TRANSLATION
scintillating	säkenöivä
scintillation	scintillation
scintillator	tuikeaine
scion	pistokas
scissors	sakset
scoff	pilkata
scold	röykyttää
scolding	haukkumiset
scone	teeleipä
scoop	kauha
scoot	häipyä
scooter	skootteri
scope	laajuus
scorch	paahtaa
scorching	paahtavan kuuma
score	pisteet
scoreboard	tulostaulu
scorer	maalintekijä
scores	tulokset
scorn	halveksia
scorned	aliarvostettu
scornful	halveksiva
scorpion	skorpioni
scotch	skottilainen
scoundrel	roisto
scour	pestä
scourge	vitsaus
scout	partiolainen
scowl	murjottaa
scrabble	raapia
scram	häipyä
scramble	ryntäily
scrambled	salattu
scrambler	salauslaite
scrambling	muokkaamisella
scrap	romu
scrapbook	leikekirja
scrape	kaapia
scrapie	scrapie
scraping	kaavinta
scrappy	suttuinen
scratch	naarmu
scratchy	rahiseva
scrawny	ruipelo
scream	huutaa
screamer	screamer
screaming	kirkuva
screech	kirkua
screen	kuvaruutu
screening	seulonta
screenplay	käsikirjoitus
screenwriter	käsikirjoittaja
screw	ruuvi
screwball	kummallinen
screwdriver	ruuvimeisseli
screwed	ruuvattu
screwy	kumma
screwyou	NO TRANSLATION
scribble	sepustus
scribe	kirjuri
scrimmage	tappelu
scrip	laukkua
script	käsikirjoitus
scriptural	raamatullinen
scripture	Raamattu
scroll	vierittää
scrotum	kivespussi
scrounge	kerjätä
scrounger	pummi
scrub	hangata
scruffy	suttuinen
scrumptious	herkullinen
scrupulous	tunnollinen
scrutinize	tutkia tarkasti
scrutiny	valvonnan
scuba	laitesukellus
scuff	kuluttaa
scuffle	kärhämä
scullery	apukeittiö
sculptor	kuvanveistäjä
sculpture	veistos
sculptured	veistoksellinen
scum	vaahto
scumbag	törkimys
scurry	vilistää
scurvy	keripukki
scuttle	kipittää
sea	meri
seaboard	rannikko
seafood	merenelävät
seagull	lokki
seal	tiiviste
seals	tiivisteet
seam	sauma
seaman	merimies
seamless	saumaton
seamstress	ompelijatar
seaport	satamakaupunki
sear	ruskistaa
search	Hae
searching	tutkiva
searchlight	valonheitin
seared	piirtynyt
seashore	merenranta
seasick	merisairas
seaside	merenranta
season	kausi
seasonal	kausiluonteinen
seasoned	kokenut
seasoning	mauste
seat	istuin
seatbelt	turvavyö
seating	istuimet
seawater	merivesi
seaweed	merilevä
sec	sec
secession	eroaminen
secluded	eristäytynyt
seclusion	yksinäisyys
second	toinen
second cousin	pikkuserkku
secondary	toissijainen
secondhand	kierrätetty
secrecy	salaisuus
secret	salaisuus
secretariat	sihteeristö
secretary	sihteeri
secrete	erittää
secretion	eritys
secretive	salamyhkäinen
secretly	salaa
sect	lahko
sectarian	lahkolais-
section	jakso
sectional	poikkileikkaus-
sector	sektori
secular	maallinen
secularism	sekularismi
secure	turvallinen
securities	arvopaperit
security	turvallisuus
sedan	NO TRANSLATION
sedate	rauhallinen
sedation	sedaatio
sedative	rauhoittava lääke
sedentary	istuma-
sedge	sara
sediment	sedimentti
sedimentary	kerrostunut
sedition	kansankiihotus
seduce	vietellä
seducer	viettelijä
seducing	viettelee
seduction	viettely
seductive	viettelevä
see	nähdä
seed	siemen
seedling	taimi
seeds	siemenet
seedy	rähjäinen
seek	etsiä
seeker	etsijä
seem	näyttää
seemingly	näennäisesti
seer	näkijä
seesaw	kiikkua
seething	kiehuva
segment	segmentti
segregate	eristää
segregated	eriytyneet
segregation	erottelu
seismic	seisminen
seize	takavarikoida
seizure	kaappaus
seldom	harvoin
select	valita
selection	valinta
selective	valikoiva
selectman	selectman
selenium	seleeni
self	itse
selfharm	NO TRANSLATION
selfish	itsekäs
selfishness	itsekkyys
selfless	epäitsekäs
selflove	NO TRANSLATION
selfworth	NO TRANSLATION
sell	myydä
seller	myyjä
sellout	sellout
seltzer	seltzer
semantics	semantiikka
semaphore	viestittää
semblance	ulkonäkö
semen	siemenneste
semester	lukukausi
semi	puoliperävaunu
semiautomatic	NO TRANSLATION
semicolon	puolipiste
seminal	siemen-
seminar	seminaari
seminary	seminaari
semiotics	semiotiikka
senate	senaatti
senator	senaattori
send	lähettää
sender	lähettäjä
senescence	vanhenemista
senile	seniili
senior	vanhempi
seniority	virkaikää
senor	senor
senorita	Senorita
sensation	tunne
sensational	sensaatiomainen
sense	tunne
senseless	mieletön
senses	aistit
sensibility	herkkyys
sensible	järkevä
sensibly	järkevästi
sensitive	herkkä
sensitivity	herkkyys
sensor	sensori
sensory	aisti-
sensual	aistillinen
sensuality	aistillisuus
sensuous	aistillinen
sentence	tuomita
sentencing	tuomitseminen
sentient	aistiva
sentiment	näkemys
sentimental	tunteellinen
sentimentality	sentimentaalisuus
sentinel	vahti
sentry	vartiomies
separable	erotettavissa oleva
separate	erillinen
separately	erikseen
separation	erottaminen
separatist	separatisti
sepia	seepia
sepsis	sepsis
sept	syyskuu
septic	septinen
septum	väliseinän
sequel	jatko
sequence	jakso
sequent	sequent
sequestered	eristäytynyt
sequestration	sitomista
serenade	serenadi
serendipity	serendipity
serene	seesteinen
serenity	tyyneys
sergeant	kersantti
serial	sarja
serialize	esittää jaksoina
series	sarja
serif	serif
serious	vakava
seriousness	vakavuus
sermon	saarna
serpent	käärme
serpentine	kiemurteleva
serrated	sahalaitainen
serum	seerumi
servant	palvelija
serve	palvella
server	palvelin
service	palvelu
serviceable	käyttökelpoinen
servile	nöyristelevä
servitude	orjuus
sesame	seesami
sess	NO TRANSLATION
session	istunto
sessions	istuntoja
set	sarja
setback	takaisku
sett	NO TRANSLATION
setter	asettaja
settle	asettua
settled	ratkaistu
settlement	tilitys
settler	uudisasukas
settlor	nostettu trustin perustajaa
setup	perustaa
seven	seitsemän
seventeen	seitsemäntoista
seventh	seitsemäs
seventy	seitsemänkymmentä
sever	katkaista
severable	erotettavissa
severally	erikseen
severance	katkeaminen
severe	vaikea
severely	vakavasti
severity	ankaruus
sew	ommella
sewage	jätevesi
sewer	viemäri
sewerage	viemäröinti
sewing	ompelu
sex	sukupuoli
sexist	seksistinen
sexual	seksuaalinen
sexuality	seksuaalisuus
sexy	seksikäs
shabby	nuhjuinen
shack	hökkeli
shackle	kahlehtia
shade	sävy
shades	aurinkolasit
shading	varjostus
shadow	varjo
shadowy	hämärä
shady	varjoisa
shaft	akseli
shag	shag
shaggy	takkuinen
shake	ravistaa
shakedown	nukkumapaikka
shaken	ravistettu
shaker	ravistin
shaking	vapina
shaky	hutera
shall	on
shallow	matala
shallows	matalikko
sham	huijaus
shaman	shamaani
shambles	sekamelska
shame	häpeä
shamed	häpeämään
shameful	häpeällinen
shameless	häpeämätön
shampoo	shampoo
shanghai	Shanghai
shank	varsi
shanty	tönö
shape	muoto
shapely	muodokas
shard	sirpale
share	Jaa
shareholder	osakas
sharing	jakaminen
shark	Hai
sharp	terävä
sharpen	terävöittää
sharpened	teroitettu
sharpener	teroitin
sharpness	terävyys
sharpshooter	tarkka-ampuja
shatter	särkeä
shattered	särkyneet
shattering	väsyttävä
shave	parranajo
shaver	partakone
shaving	parranajo
shawl	huivi
sheaf	nippu
shear	leikata
shears	sakset
sheath	tuppi
sheathing	vaippa
shed	vaja
sheen	kiilto
sheep	lammas
sheepdog	lammaskoira
sheepish	lammasmainen
sheer	silkka
sheet	arkki
sheik	sheikki
shelf	hylly
shell	kuori
shellfish	äyriäinen
shelling	kranaattituli
shelter	suoja
sheltered	suojainen
shelters	suojien
shelved	hyllytetty
shepherd	paimen
sherbet	sorbetti
sheriff	seriffi
sherry	sherry
shield	kilpi
shift	siirtää
shifting	siirtymässä
shifty	epäluotettava
shilling	killinki
shimmer	hohtaa
shimmering	päilyvä
shimmy	shimmy
shin	sääri
shindig	pirskeet
shine	paistaa
shiner	shiner
shingle	päre
shining	loistava
shiny	kiiltävä
ship	alus
shipment	lähetys
shipping	laivaus
shipshape	siisti
shipwreck	haaksirikko
shipyard	telakka
shire	kreivikunta
shirt	paita
shit	paska
shitday	NO TRANSLATION
shitfaced	lärvit
shithead	paskapää
shitless	shitless
shitload	shitload
shittest	NO TRANSLATION
shitty	paska
shiver	vapista
shivering	värisevä
shoals	salakarit
shock	järkyttää
shocked	järkyttynyt
shocker	kauhujuttu
shocking	järkyttävä
shockingly	järkyttävän
shoddy	rähjäinen
shoe	kenkä
shoelace	kengännauha
shoemaker	suutari
shoes	kengät
shoeshine	kengänkiilloke
shook	ravisteli
shoot	ampua
shooter	ampuja
shooting	ammunta
shootout	rangaistuspotkukilpailun
shop	myymälä
shopkeeper	kauppias
shoplifter	myymälävaras
shoplifting	myymälävarkaus
shopper	ostoksilla kävijä
shopping	ostokset
shore	ranta
shoreline	rantaviiva
shorn	keritty
short	lyhyt
short story	novelli
shortage	puute
shortcake	murokeksi
shortcoming	puute
shortcut	oikotie
shorten	lyhentää
shortening	lyhentäminen
shorthand	lyhenne
shortly	pian
shortness	lyhyys
shorts	shortsit
shortstop	hajamielisemmät
shortwave	shortwave
shot	laukaus
shotgun	haulikko
shoulder	olkapää
shout	huutaa
shove	työntää
shovel	lapio
shoveling	lapioi
show	show
showbiz	viihdeala
showboat	Showboat
showcase	näyteikkuna
showdown	välienselvittely
shower	suihku
showgirl	Showgirl
showing	osoittavat
showoff	pöyhkeillä
showroom	esittelytila
showy	näyttävä
shrapnel	sirpaleet
shred	silputa
shrew	päästäinen
shrewd	taitava
shriek	kiljua
shrill	kimeä
shrimp	katkarapu
shrine	pyhäkkö
shrink	kutistua
shrinking	kutistuu
shrivel	kuihtua
shroud	käärinliina
shrub	pensas
shrubbery	pensaikko
shrug	olankohautus
shrunk	kutistunut
shrunken	kutistunut
shudder	vapista
shuddering	Shuddering
shuffle	sekoittaa
shuffleboard	shuffleboard
shuffling	sekoitus
shun	karttaa
shunned	karttoi
shunt	siirtää
shut	sulkea
shutdown	sammuttaa
shuteye	NO TRANSLATION
shutit	NO TRANSLATION
shutter	sulkija
shuttle	sukkula
shutup	NO TRANSLATION
shy	ujo
shyness	ujous
shyster	rötösherra
sib	NO TRANSLATION
sibling	veli
sic	sic
sick	sairas
sickbay	sairasosasto
sicken	yököttää
sickening	kuvottava
sickle	sirppi
sickly	sairaalloinen
sickness	sairaus
side	puoli
sidearm	sidearm
sidebar	sivupalkki
sideboard	senkki
sideburns	pulisongit
sidecar	sivuvaunu
sidekick	apuri
sideline	sivutoimisia
sideshow	koju
sidestep	kiertää
sidewalk	jalkakäytävä
sideways	sivuttain
sidewinder	sidewinder
siege	piiritys
siesta	siesta
sieve	seula
sift	seuloa
sifting	seulonta
sigh	huokaus
sight	näky
sighting	havainto
sightseeing	kiertoajelu
sigma	sigma
sign	merkki
signal	signaali
signature	allekirjoitus
significance	merkitys
significant	merkittävä
signification	merkitys
signify	merkitä
signpost	tienviitta
silence	hiljaisuus
silencer	äänenvaimennin
silent	hiljainen
silently	hiljaa
silhouette	siluetti
silicon	pii
silicone	silikoni
silk	silkki
silken	silkinpehmeä
silky	silkkinen
sill	kynnys
silliness	typeryyttä
silly	typerä
silo	siilo
silt	liete
silver	hopea
silverware	hopeat
silvery	hopeanhohtoinen
similar	samankaltainen
similarity	samankaltaisuus
simile	NO TRANSLATION
simmer	kiehua
simmering	kytevän
simple	yksinkertainen
simples	NO TRANSLATION
simpleton	typerys
simplicity	yksinkertaisuus
simplify	yksinkertaistaa
simplistic	yksisilmäinen
simply	yksinkertaisesti
simulate	simuloida
simulated	simuloitu
simulating	simuloidaan
simulation	simulointi
simulator	simulaattori
simultaneous	samanaikainen
simultaneously	samanaikaisesti
sin	NO TRANSLATION
sincere	vilpitön
sincerity	vilpittömyys
sinful	syntinen
sing	laulaa
singer	laulaja
singing	laulu
single	yksittäinen
singly	yksittäin
singular	yksikkö
singularity	omituisuus
singularly	tavattoman
sinister	synkkä
sink	pesuallas
sinker	paino
sinking	uppoaminen
sinner	syntinen
sinning	syntiä
sinus	ontelo
sip	siemailla
siphon	lappo
sipping	siemaillen
sir	arvon herra
sire	isä
siren	sireeni
sirloin	ulkofilee
sissy	nynny
sister	sisko
sisterhood	sisarkunta
sit	istua
sitcom	komediasarja
site	paikka
sith	Sith
sitter	lapsenvahti
sitting	istuva
situate	sijoittaa
situated	sijaitseva
situation	tilanne
six	kuusi
sixpence	sixpence
sixteen	kuusitoista
sixth	kuudes
sixty	kuusikymmentä
sizable	melkoinen
size	koko
sizzle	hellepäivä
ska	NO TRANSLATION
skate	luistella
skateboard	rullalauta
skater	luistelija
skating	luistelu
skedaddle	häipyä
skeet	skeet
skein	vyyhti
skeletal	luuranko-
skeleton	luuranko-
skeptic	skeptikko
skeptical	skeptinen
skepticism	skeptisyys
sketch	luonnos
sketching	luonnosteluun
sketchy	summittainen
skewed	vinossa
skewer	paistinvarras
ski	hiihtää
skid	jalas
skier	hiihtäjä
skiff	Veneen
skiing	hiihto
skijump	NO TRANSLATION
skill	taito
skilled	taitava
skillet	paistinpannu
skillful	taitava
skim	kuoria
skimpy	nuuka
skin	iho
skinny	luiseva
skip	hyppiä
skipper	kippari
skirmish	kahakka
skirt	hame
skirting	sivuuttamaan
skirts	hameet
skit	hupailu
skittish	säikky
skull	kallo
skunk	haisunäätä
sky	taivas
skylight	kattoikkuna
skyline	siluetti
skyscraper	pilvenpiirtäjä
slab	laatta
slack	löysä
slag	kuona
slam	läjähtää
slammer	vankila
slander	herjata
slanderous	panetteleva
slang	slangi
slant	näkökulma
slap	läimäys
slash	kauttaviiva
slashes	viiltää
slate	liuskekivi
slates	laatat
slaughter	teurastus
slaughterhouse	teurastamo
slaughtering	teurastus
slave	orja
slavery	orjuus
slay	surmata
slayer	Slayer
sleaze	korruptio
sleazy	likainen
sled	NO TRANSLATION
sledding	Kelkkailu
sledge	kelkka
sledgehammer	moukari
sleek	sulavalinjainen
sleep	nukkua
sleeper	nukkuja
sleeping	nukkumassa
sleepless	uneton
sleeplessness	unettomuus
sleepover	yökylä
sleepy	unelias
sleepyhead	unikeko
sleet	räntä
sleeve	hiha
sleeveless	hihaton
sleigh	reki
sleight	silmänkääntötemppu
slender	hoikka
sleuth	salapoliisi
slice	viipale
slick	liukas
slicker	slicker
slide	dia
slider	liukusäädintä
sliding	liukuva
slight	hienoinen
slight anticipation	lievä ennakointi
slight disgust	lievää inhoa
slight surprise	hieman yllätys
slight trust	pieni luottamus
slightly	hieman
slightly negative	hieman negatiivinen
slightly positive	hieman positiivinen
slim	hoikka
slime	lima
slimy	limainen
sling	rintareppu
slingshot	ritsa
slink	puikkia
slinky	piukka
slip	lipsahdus
slipper	tohveli
slippers	tossut
slippery	liukas
slit	rako
sliver	suikale
slob	nahjus
slobber	kuola
slogan	iskulause
sloop	sluuppi
slop	NO TRANSLATION
slope	rinne
sloppy	huolimaton
slot	aukko
sloth	laiskiainen
slouch	laahustaa
slough	räme
slow	hidas
slowly	hitaasti
slowness	hitaus
sludge	liete
slug	etana
slugger	slugger
sluggish	hidas
sluice	sulkuportti
slum	slummi
slumber	uinua
slump	lama
slur	loukkaus
slurp	ryystää
slush	loska
slut	lutka
slutty	slutty
sly	ovela
smack	maiskuttaa
small	pieni
smaller	pienempi
smallest	pienin
smallpox	isorokko
smart	fiksu
smartass	viisastelija
smarten	kunnostaa
smarty	smarty
smash	murskata
smashed	kännissä
smattering	hiukkasen jtk
smear	preparaatti
smell	haju
smelling	hajuisia
smelly	haiseva
smelt	kuore
smidgen	hitunen
smile	hymy
smiled	hymyili
smiles	hymyilee
smiley	Smiley
smiling	hymyilevä
smirk	hymähtää
smite	sivaltaa
smith	seppä
smithereens	sirpaleet
smitten	kourissa
smock	työtakki
smog	savusumu
smoke	savu
smoker	tupakoitsija
smokey	poliisi
smoking	tupakointi-
smoky	savuinen
smoldering	kytevän
smooch	pussata
smooth	sileä
smoothie	mielistelijä
smoothly	sujuvasti
smoothness	tasaisuus
smother	tukahduttaa
smudge	tuhrata
smug	omahyväinen
smuggle	salakuljettaa
smuggler	salakuljettaja
smuggling	salakuljetus
smut	noki
snack	välipala
snacks	välipalat
snafu	sekasotku
snag	repiä
snags	ongelmakohta
snail	etana
snake	käärme
snakes	käärmeet
snakeskin	käärmeennahka
snap	napsahtaa
snapper	Snapper
snappy	reipas
snapshot	kuva
snare	paula
snarl	sotkea
snarling	sotkeutumista
snatch	siepata
snatcher	snatcher
snazzy	upea
sneak	hiipiä
sneaker	lenkkari
sneakers	lenkkarit
sneaking	salainen
sneaky	luihu
sneer	ivata
sneeze	aivastaa
sneezing	aivastelu
snicker	hihittää
snide	piikittelevä
sniff	haistella
snip	leikata
snipe	taivaanvuohi
sniper	sala-ampuja
snippet	pätkä
snippy	snippy
snitch	kieliä
snob	snobi
snoop	kyylä
snoopy	snoopy
snooty	koppava
snooze	torkkua
snore	kuorsata
snorkel	snorkkeli
snort	tuhahtaa
snot	räkä
snotty	räkäinen
snout	kuono
snow	lumi
snowball	lumipallo
snowboard	lumilauta
snowboarder	lumilautailija
snowday	snowday
snowfall	lumisade
snowflake	lumihiutale
snowing	lumisade
snowmageddon	snowmageddon
snowman	lumiukko
snowplow	lumiaura
snowstorm	lumimyrsky
snowy	luminen
snub	tölväistä
snubbed	snubbed
snuff	nuuska
snug	tyköistuva
snuggle	käpertyä
snuggled	käpertyi
snuggles	snuggles
snuggling	snuggling
soak	liota
soaked	läpimärkä
soaking	liotuksen
soangry	NO TRANSLATION
soannoyed	NO TRANSLATION
soap	saippua
soapbox	pakkilaatikko
soapy	saippua-
soar	liidellä
soaring	huiman
sob	NO TRANSLATION
sober	hillitty
soblessed	NO TRANSLATION
sobriety	maltillisuus
soc	soc
soccer	jalkapallo
sociable	seurallinen
social	sosiaalinen
socialanxiety	NO TRANSLATION
socialism	sosialismi
socialist	sosialistinen
socialite	julkkis
socialize	seurustella
society	yhteiskunta
sociology	sosiologia
sociopath	sociopath
sock	sukka
socket	pistorasia
sod	saatana
soda	sooda
soda/pop	limonadi
sodding	helvetin
sodium	natrium
sofa	sohva
soft	pehmeä
softball	softball
soften	pehmentää
softener	huuhteluaine
softening	pehmennys
softly	pehmeästi
softness	pehmeys
software	ohjelmisto
soggy	märkä
sohappy	niin iloinen
soil	maaperä
soiled	likainen
soiree	iltamat
sojourn	oleskelu
solace	lohdutus
solar	aurinko-
solarium	solariumi
solder	juottaa
soldering	juotto
soldier	sotilas
sole	pohja
solemn	juhlallinen
solicit	pyytää
solicitation	kehotus
solicitor	asianajaja
solid	vankka
solidarity	solidaarisuus
solidification	kiinteytystä
solidified	jähmettynyt
solidify	kiinteytyä
solidity	kiinteys
solitaire	solitaire
solitary	yksinäinen
solitude	yksinäisyys
solo	soolo
solubility	liukoisuus
soluble	liukeneva
solucky	niin onnekas
solution	ratkaisu
solve	ratkaista
solvency	maksukyky
solvent	liuotin
somad	NO TRANSLATION
somatic	somaattinen
somber	synkkä
some anticipation	jotain ennakointia
some disgust	jotain inhoa
some surprise	jotain yllätys
some trust	jotain luottamusta
somersault	kuperkeikka
somethingigetalot	NO TRANSLATION
somewhat negative	jonkin verran negatiivista
somewhat positive	jonkin verran positiivista
somuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
son	poika
sonar	ääniluotain
sonata	sonaatti
sonervous	NO TRANSLATION
song	laulu
songwriter	lauluntekijä
sonic	ääni-
sonice	NO TRANSLATION
sonnet	sonetti
sonorous	soinnikas
soot	noki
soothe	rauhoittaa
soothing	rauhoittava
sophisticated	hienostunut
sophistication	kehittyneisyys
sophomore	toisen vuoden opiskelija
sopissed	NO TRANSLATION
soppy	tunteileva
soprano	sopraano
sorcerer	velho
sorcery	noituus
sordid	ikävä
sore	kipeä
soready	soready
sorely	kipeästi
soreness	arkuus
sorghum	durra
sorority	naisopiskelijayhdistys
sorrow	suru
sorrowful	surullinen
sorry	anteeksi
sort	järjestellä
sorter	NO TRANSLATION
sortie	NO TRANSLATION
sorting	lajittelu
sos	NO TRANSLATION
soscared	niin peloissaan
soscary	niin pelottava
soslow	niin hidas
sostressed	NO TRANSLATION
sosweet	todella kilttiä
sothankful	NO TRANSLATION
sou	NO TRANSLATION
soul	sielu
soulful	sielukas
soulless	sieluton
soulmate	soulmate
sound	ääni
sounding	kuulostava
soundness	vakaus
soundproof	äänieristetty
soundtrack	ääniraita
soup	keitto
sour	hapan
source	lähde
sourpuss	nirppanokka
south	etelä
southbound	etelään menevä
southeast	kaakko
southern	eteläinen
southpaw	vasuri
southwest	lounaaseen
souvenir	matkamuisto
sovereign	suvereeni
sovereignty	suvereniteetti
soviet	Neuvostoliiton
sow	kylvää
soy	soija
soy sauce	soijakastike
soybean	soija
spa	kylpylä
space	tila
spacecraft	avaruusalus
spaceman	avaruusolento
spaceship	avaruusalus
spacing	väli
spacious	tilava
spade	lapio
spaghetti	spagetti
spam	spam
spammers	roskapostittajia
span	NO TRANSLATION
spandex	spandex
spaniel	spanieli
spank	läimäys
spanking	selkäsauna
spar	sparrata
spare	vapaa
spareribs	grillikylki
sparingly	säästeliäästi
spark	kipinä
sparkle	kimallus
sparkling	helmeilevä
sparkly	sparkly
sparring	sparraus
sparrow	varpunen
sparse	harva
spasm	kouristus
spastic	spastinen
spat	nahina
spatial	tila
spatter	roiske
spatula	lasta
spawn	kutea
spaz	spaz
speak	puhua
speakeasy	salakapakka
speaker	kaiutin
speakerphone	kaiutinpuhelin
speaking	puhuminen
spear	keihäs
spec	tekniset tiedot
special	erityinen
specialist	asiantuntija
speciality	erikoisuus
specialize	NO TRANSLATION
specially	erityisesti
specialty	erikoisuus
specie	NO TRANSLATION
species	laji
specific	erityinen
specification	määrittely
specify	eritellä
specimen	yksilö
speck	täplä
speckled	pilkullinen
specs	silmälasit
spectacle	spektaakkeli
spectacles	silmälasit
spectacular	mahtava
spectator	katsoja
specter	peikko
spectral	spektri-
spectrometer	spektrometri
spectrophotometer	spektrofotometri
spectroscopy	spektroskopia
spectrum	spektri
speculate	spekuloida
speculation	keinottelu
speculative	keinotteleva
speculum	speculum
speech	puhe
speechless	sanaton
speed	nopeus
speedboat	pikavene
speedily	nopeasti
speeding	ylinopeus
speedometer	nopeusmittari
speedway	speedway
speedy	vauhdikas
spell	loitsu
spellbound	haltioissaan
spelling	oikeinkirjoitus
spencer	Spencer
spend	viettää
spender	tuhlari
spending	menot
spent	käytetty
sperm	sperma
spew	oksentaa
sphere	pallo
spherical	pallon muotoinen
sphincter	sulkijalihaksen
sphinx	sfinksi
spic	sPic
spice	mauste
spicy	mausteinen
spider	hämähäkki
spiders	robotit
spiffy	spiffy
spigot	hana
spike	piikki
spiked	piikki-
spiky	kiukkuinen
spill	läikkyminen
spillin	NO TRANSLATION
spin	pyöräyttää
spinach	pinaatti
spinal	selkäydin-
spindle	kara
spine	selkä
spineless	selkärangaton
spinner	kehrääjä
spinning	pyöriä
spinster	vanhapiika
spiny	piikkinen
spiral	kierre-
spire	torni
spirit	henki
spirited	vilkas
spirits	henkiä
spiritual	hengellinen
spirituality	hengellisyys
spit	sylkeä
spite	huolimatta
spiteful	ilkeä
spitfire	äkäpussi
spittoon	sylkykuppi
splash	tilkka
splat	läiske
splatter	roiskia
spleen	perna
splendid	loistava
splendor	loisto
splice	liitos
spline	spline
splint	lasta
splinter	tikku
split	jakaa
splitting	halkaisu
splurge	törsätä
spoil	pilata
spoiler	spoileri
spoiling	pilaantumista
spoils	pilaantuu
spoke	pinna
spoken	puhuttu
spokesman	tiedottaja
spokesperson	tiedottaja
sponge	sieni
spongy	kuohkea
sponsor	sponsori
sponsorship	sponsorointi
spontaneity	spontaanius
spontaneous	spontaani
spoof	huijata
spook	kummitus
spooky	aavemainen
spool	kela
spoon	lusikka
spoonful	lusikallinen
sporadic	satunnainen
spore	itiö
sport	Urheilu
sporting	urheilu-
sports	Urheilu
sports car	urheiluauto
sportsman	urheilija
sportsmanship	urheiluhenki
sportswriter	urheilutoimittaja
sporty	urheilullinen
spot	täplä
spotless	tahraton
spotlight	valokeila
spotted	täplikäs
spotter	tulenjohtaja
spotty	epätasainen
spousal	puolison
spouse	puoliso
spout	nokka
sprain	nyrjähdys
sprawl	leviäminen
spray	spray
spread	levitä
spreader	levitin
spree	remuaminen
spring	kevät
springtime	kevät
sprinkle	ripotella
sprinkler	sprinkleri
sprinkling	sadetus
sprint	pikajuoksu
sprite	haltija
sprout	versoa
spruce	kuusi
spud	pottu
spunk	rohkeus
spunky	sisukas
spur	kannustaa
spurious	väärä
spurred	kannuksellinen
spurt	kiri
spy	vakooja
squabble	kinastelu
squad	ryhmä
squadron	laivue
squall	tuulenpuuska
squamous	levy-
squander	tuhlata
square	neliö-
squash	squash
squat	kyykky
squatter	asunnonvaltaaja
squaw	intiaaninainen
squawk	napina
squeak	kitistä
squeaky	kitisevä
squeal	kiljua
squealer	ilmiantaja
squeamish	pikkutarkka
squeeze	puristaa
squeezing	puristaminen
squelch	litinä
squid	kalmari
squint	siristää silmiään
squire	tilanomistaja
squirm	kiemurtelu
squirrel	orava
squirt	ruiskuttaa
squish	liiskata
squishy	squishy
stab	puukottaa
stabbed	puukotti
stability	pysyvyys
stabilize	vakauttaa
stabilizer	stabilointiaine
stable	vakaa
staccato	Staccato
stack	pino
stadium	stadion
staff	henkilöstö
stag	uroshirvi
stage	vaihe
stagecoach	postivaunut
stagehand	näyttämömies
stagger	porrastaa
staggering	huikea
stagnant	pysähtynyt
stagnation	pysähtyneisyys
staid	vanhoillinen
stain	tahra
stained	likainen
stainless	ruostumaton
stair	rappu
staircase	portaikko
stairs	portaat
stairway	portaat
stairwell	porraskuilu
stake	panos
stakeout	pitää silmällä
stale	tunkkainen
stalemate	pattitilanne
stalk	varsi
stalker	stalkkeri
stall	pilttuu
stallion	ori
stalls	Torit
stalwart	roteva
stamina	kestävyys
stamp	leima
stampede	pakokauhu
stance	asenne
stand	seistä
standard	standardi
standardize	yhdenmukaistaa
standardized	standardoitu
standby	Valmiustila
standing	pysyvä
standoff	pattitilanne
standpoint	näkökulma
standstill	pysähdyksissä
standup	nouse ylös
stanza	säkeistö
staph	staph
staple	nitoa
stapler	nitoja
star	tähti
star fruit	tähtihedelmä
starboard	tyyrpuuri
starch	tärkkelys
stardom	kuuluisuus
stardust	stardust
stare	tuijottaa
starfish	meritähti
stargazing	Stargazing
staring	tuijottaa
stark	karu
starlet	tähtönen
starlight	tähtien valo
starling	kottarainen
starry	tähtikirkas
stars	tähdet
starship	Starship
start	alkaa
starter	käynnistin
startle	säikäyttää
startled	hätkähdytti
startling	yllättävä
starvation	nälkiintyminen
starve	kuolla nälkään
starved	köyhdytetty
starving	nälkää
stash	jemma
stat	stat
state	osavaltio
stately	arvokas
statement	selvitys
stateroom	valtiosali
stateside	amerikkalainen
statesman	valtiomies
static	staattinen
staticky	NO TRANSLATION
statics	statiikka
station	asema
stationary	kiinteä
stationery	Paperitavara
statistic	tilastollinen
statistical	tilastollinen
statistician	tilastotieteilijä
stator	staattori
statuary	patsaat
statue	patsas
statuette	pienoisveistos
stature	pituus
status	status
statute	säädös
statutory	lakisääteinen
staunch	uskollinen
stave	sauva
stay	pysyä
stayaway	NO TRANSLATION
stayed	jäi
stays	pysyy
stead	sijaansa
steadfast	järkkymätön
steady	vakaa
steak	pihvi
steakhouse	pihviravintola
steal	varastaa
stealing	varkaus
stealth	varkain
stealthily	vaivihkaa
stealthy	viekas
steam	höyry
steamboat	höyrylaiva
steamer	höyrylaiva
steaming	höyryssä
steamroller	höyryjyrä
steamship	höyrylaiva
steamy	kiihkeä
steel	teräs
steep	jyrkkä
steeple	torni
steer	ohjata
steering	ohjaus
stellar	tähtien
stem	varsi
stench	löyhkä
stencil	sapluuna
stenographer	pikakirjoittaja
step	vaihe
stepdaughter	tytärpuoli
stepfather	isäpuoli
stepmother	äitipuoli
steppe	arojen
steps	askeleet
stepson	poikapuoli
stereo	stereot
stereoscopic	stereoskooppisen
stereotype	stereotypia
stereotyped	stereotyyppisiä
sterile	steriili
sterility	hedelmättömyys
sterilize	steriloida
sterling	sterling
stern	perä
sternum	rintalasta
steroid	steroidi
stethoscope	stetoskooppi
stew	muhennos
steward	stuertti
stewardess	lentoemäntä
stewardship	hoito
stfu	STFU
stick	tikku
sticker	tarra
sticking	tarttuminen
stickler	intoilija
stickup	stickup
sticky	tahmea
stiff	jäykkä
stiffen	jäykistää
stiffness	jäykkyys
stifle	tukahduttaa
stifled	tukahdutettu
stifling	tukahduttava
stigma	häpeä
stile	NO TRANSLATION
stiletto	tikari
stillbirth	kuolleena syntynyt lapsi
stillborn	kuolleena syntynyt
stillness	hiljaisuus
stillwaiting	NO TRANSLATION
stilts	puujalat
stimulant	piriste
stimulate	stimuloida
stimulating	stimuloiva
stimulation	stimulaatio
stimulus	ärsyke
sting	pisto
stinger	stinger
stinging	pistely
stingy	niukka
stink	haista
stinker	kurja juttu
stinking	haiseva
stinky	haiseva
stint	työjakso
stipend	stipendi
stipulate	vaatia
stipulation	ehto
stir	herättää
stirring	sekoittaen
stitch	ommel
stitching	ompelemalla
stock	kalusto
stockade	paaluaita
stockbroker	pörssimeklari
stockholder	osakkeenomistaja
stocking	sukka
stockings	sukat
stockpile	varasto
stockroom	varasto
stocks	osakkeet
stoic	tyyni
stole	varasti
stolen	varastettu
stomach	vatsa
stomachache	vatsakipu
stomp	marssia
stomped	polki
stone	kivi
stoned	pilvessä
stonewall	kiviseinä
stoneware	savinen
stony	kivinen
stooge	käsikassara
stool	jakkara
stools	ulosteet
stoop	alentua
stoopid	Stoopid
stop	Stop
stopover	välilasku
stoppage	työnseisaus
stopper	tulppa
stopping	pysähtymättä
stopwatch	sekuntikello
storage	varastointi
store	myymälä
storefront	myymälä
storehouse	aitta
storeroom	varastohuone
storing	tallentamiseksi
storm	myrsky
storming	storming
stormy	myrskyinen
story	tarina
storybook	satukirja
storyteller	sadunkertoja
storytelling	tarinankerronta
stound	stound
stout	stout
stove	liesi
stow	pakata
stowaway	salamatkustaja
straddle	konttilukin
straight	suoraan
straighten	suoristaa
straightforward	suora
straightway	nopiasti
strain	rasitus
strained	kireä
strait	salmi
straitjacket	pakkopaita
straits	Straits
strand	säie
stranded	monisäikeinen
strange	outo
stranger	muukalainen
strangle	kuristaa
strangulation	kuristaminen
strap	hihna
strapless	olkaimeton
strapping	vanne
strata	kerrostumiin
strategic	strateginen
strategist	strategi
strategy	strategia
stratification	kerrostuma
stratosphere	stratosfääri
stratum	kerrostuma
stratus	stratus
straw	olki
strawberry	mansikka
stray	eksynyt
streak	viiru
streaked	viivoiksi
stream	virta
streamer	serpentiini
streaming	suoratoisto
streamline	tehostaa
street	katu
streetcar	raitiovaunu
streetlight	katuvalo
strength	vahvuus
strengthen	vahvistaa
strengthening	vahvistaminen
strenuous	rasittava
strep	strep
stress	stressi
stressed	stressaantunut
stresses	korostaa
stressfree	NO TRANSLATION
stressful	stressaava
stressin	NO TRANSLATION
stressing	korostaa
stressrelief	NO TRANSLATION
stretch	venyttää
stretcher	paarit
stricken	lamauttama
strict	tiukka
stride	harppaus
strife	riita
strike	lakko
strikeout	yliviivattu
striker	hyökkääjä
striking	huomiota herättävä
strikingly	häkellyttävän
string	jono
strings	jouset
stringy	sitkeä
strip	kaistale
stripe	raita
striped	raidallinen
stripped	riisuttu
stripper	strippari
striptease	strip-tease
strive	pyrkiä
strobe	diskovalo
stroke	tahti
stroll	kävely
stroller	lastenrattaat
strolling	kiertelevä
strong	vahva
stronghold	linnake
strongly	voimakkaasti
structural	rakenteellinen
structure	rakenne
strudel	strudel
struggle	taistelu
strut	astella
stub	tynkä
stubbed	stubbed
stubble	sänki
stubborn	itsepäinen
stubbornness	itsepäisyys
stubby	lyhyt ja paksu
stucco	stukki
stuck	juuttunut
stuckup	NO TRANSLATION
stud	nasta
studded	nastoitettu
student	opiskelija-
studied	tutkittu
studio	studio
study	tutkimus
stuff	jutut
stuffed animal	pehmolelu
stuffing	täyte
stuffy	tukkoinen
stumble	kompastella
stump	kanto
stumped	ihan änkkänä
stun	tainnuttaa
stunned	järkyttynyt
stunner	hyvännäköinen nainen
stunning	upeita
stunt	temppu
stunted	kitukasvuinen
stuntman	stuntmieheksi
stupefaction	tyrmistyneenä
stupefy	turruttaa
stupendous	mahtava
stupid	tyhmä
stupidity	tyhmyys
stupidpeople	NO TRANSLATION
stupidrain	NO TRANSLATION
stupor	horros
sturdy	tukeva
sturgeon	sampi
stutter	änkyttää
sty	sikolätti
style	tyyli
styling	muotoilu
stylish	tyylikäs
stylist	tyyliniekka
suave	sulava
sub	sub
subatomic	subatomic
subcommittee	alakomitean
subconscious	alitajunta
subcutaneous	ihonalainen
subdivide	jakaa edelleen
subdivision	osa
subduction	subduction
subdue	alistaa
subdued	hillitty
subdural	subdural
subito	NO TRANSLATION
subject	aihe
subjected	altistetaan
subjection	alistaminen
subjective	subjektiivinen
subjugation	alistamista
sublet	antaa alivuokralle
sublevel	välitason
sublimation	sublimaatio
sublime	ylevä
subliminal	tiedostamaton
submarine	sukellusvene
submerge	upottaa
submerged	sukelluksissa
submersible	sukellusvene
submission	jättämisestä
submissive	alistuva
submit	Lähetä
submitting	Lähettämällä
subordinate	alisteinen
subordination	alistaminen
subplot	sivujuoni
subpoena	haaste
subscribe	merkitä
subscriber	tilaaja
subscription	tilaus
subsequence	alasekvenssi
subsequent	myöhempi
subsequently	myöhemmin
subservient	nöyristelevä
subset	osajoukko
subside	laantua
subsidence	vajoaminen
subsidiary	tytäryhtiö
subsidize	tukea
subsidy	tuki
subsist	tulla toimeen
subsistence	toimeentulo
subsoil	pohjamaa
subspace	aliavaruus
substance	aine
substandard	heikkotasoinen
substantial	merkittävä
substantially	merkittävästi
substantiate	näyttää toteen
substantive	todellinen
substation	sähköasema
substitute	korvike
substituted	substituoitu
substitution	korvaaminen
substructure	alusrakenne
subterranean	maanalainen
subtext	viitekehyksenä
subtitle	alaotsikko
subtle	hienovarainen
subtlety	oveluus
subtract	vähentää
subtraction	vähennyslasku
subtype	alatyyppi
suburb	lähiö
suburban	esikaupunki-
suburbia	esikaupunki
suburbs	lähiöissä
subversion	kumouksellisuus
subversive	kumouksellinen
subvert	horjuttaa
subway	metro
succeed	menestyä
succeeding	menestyminen
success	menestys
successful	onnistunut
succession	sarja
successive	peräkkäinen
successor	seuraaja
succinct	ytimekäs
succubus	Succubus
succulent	mehevä
succumb	antautua
suck	imaista
sucker	tikkari
sucking	imeminen
suckling	imeväinen
sucks	perseestä
suction	imu
sudden	äkillinen
suddenly	yhtäkkiä
suds	kalja
sue	haastaa oikeuteen
suede	mokkanahka
suffer	kärsiä
sufferer	kärsijä
suffering	kärsimys
suffice	riittää
sufficiency	riittävyys
sufficient	riittävä
sufficiently	riittävästi
suffix	jälkiliite
suffocate	tukehtua
suffocating	tukahduttava
suffocation	tukehtuminen
sugar	sokeri
suggest	ehdottaa
suggestion	ehdotus
suggestive	vihjaileva
suicidal	itsemurha-
suicide	itsemurha
suicidebombing	NO TRANSLATION
suit	puku
suitable	sopiva
suitcase	matkalaukku
suite	sviitti
suitor	kosija
sulfate	sulfaatti
sulfur	rikki
sulk	murjottaa
sullen	pahantuulinen
sully	tahrata
sulphur	rikki
sultan	sulttaani
sultry	hiostava
sum	summa
summarily	muitta mutkitta
summarize	yhteenveto
summary	yhteenveto
summation	yhteenveto
summer	kesä
summerhouse	kesämökki
summertime	kesäisin
summit	kokous
summon	koota
summons	haaste
sumo	sumo
sump	öljypohja
sumptuous	ylellinen
sun	aurinko
sunbeam	auringonsäde
sunburn	auringonpolttama
sundae	jäätelöannos
sunday	sunnuntai
sundial	aurinkokello
sundown	auringonlasku
sundry	sekalainen
sunflower	auringonkukka
sunglass	aurinkolasien
sunglasses	aurinkolasit
sunk	uponnut
sunken	uponnut
sunless	aurinkopyörättömiä
sunlight	auringonvalo
sunny	aurinkoinen
sunrise	auringonnousu
sunroof	kattoluukku
sunscreen	aurinkovoide
sunset	auringonlasku
sunshine	auringonpaiste
suntan	rusketus
sunup	auringonnousu
sup	sup
super	Super
superannuation	eläkkeellesiirtymis
superb	loistava
superficial	pinnallinen
superfluous	tarpeeton
superhero	supersankari
superhuman	yliluonnollinen
superimposed	päällekkäin
superintendent	tarkastaja
superior	esimies
superiority	paremmuus
superlative	superlatiivi
superman	supermies
supermarket	supermarket
supermodel	Supermalli
supernatant	supernatantti
supernatural	yliluonnollinen
supernova	supernova
superposition	päällekkäisyys
superpower	suurvalta
supersede	syrjäyttää
superstar	supertähti
superstition	taikausko
superstitious	taikauskoinen
superstore	suurmyymälä
supervise	valvoa
supervision	valvonta
supervisor	valvoja
supper	iltapala
suppertime	suppertime
supplant	syrjäyttää
supple	notkea
supplement	täydentää
supplemental	täydentäviä
supplementary	lisä-
supplication	rukous
supplier	toimittaja
supplies	tarvikkeet
supply	toimittaa
support	tuki
supported	tuettu
supporter	tukija
supporters	kannattajat
supporting	tuki-
supportive	tukeva
suppose	olettaa
supposed	oletettu
supposing	oletettaisiin
supposition	olettamus
suppress	tukahduttaa
suppression	tukahduttaminen
supremacy	ylivalta
supreme	ylin
supremely	äärimmäisen
surcharge	lisämaksu
sure	varma
surety	takaaja
surf	aallokko
surface	pinta-
surfboard	surffilauta
surfer	lainelautailija
surge	aalto
surgeon	kirurgi
surgery	leikkaus
surgical	kirurginen
surly	äreä
surmise	otaksua
surname	sukunimi
surpassing	verraton
surplus	ylijäämä
surprise	yllätys
surprised	yllättynyt
surprises	yllätyksiä
surprising	yllättävä
surprisingly	yllättävän
surreal	epätodellinen
surrender	antautuminen
surrendering	antautumista
surrogate	korvike-
surround	ympäröidä
surrounding	ympäröivä
surroundings	ympäristö
surveillance	valvonta
survey	tutkimus
surveying	maanmittaus
surveyor	maanmittari
survival	eloonjääminen
survive	hengissä
surviving	eloon jäänyt
survivor	selviytyjä
susceptibility	alttius
susceptible	herkkä
sushi	sushi
suspect	epäilty
suspected	epäillään
suspend	keskeyttää
suspended	keskeytetty
suspenders	henkselit
suspense	jännitys
suspension	jousitus
suspicion	epäily
suspicions	epäilyt
suspicious	epäilyttävä
sustain	pitää yllä
sustained	jatkuva
sustenance	ravinto
suture	ommel
suv	SUV
sux	NO TRANSLATION
swab	moppi
swag	nyytti
swagger	rehvastella
swallow	niellä
swami	Swami
swamp	suo
swamped	hukkua
swampy	soinen
swan	joutsen
swank	levennellä
swap	vaihtaa
swarm	parvi
swarming	kuhina
swastika	hakaristi
swat	kärpäslätkä
sway	keinuttaa
swear	vannoa
swearing	kiroilua
sweat	hiki
sweater	villapaita
sweating	hikoilu
sweatshirt	collegepaita
sweatshop	työväkeä riistävä yritys
sweaty	hikinen
sweep	lakaista
sweeper	lakaisukone
sweeping	laaja
sweet	makea
sweeten	sulostuttaa
sweetened	makeutettu
sweetener	makeutusaine
sweetest	suloisin
sweetheart	kultaseni
sweetie	kullanmuru
sweetness	makeus
sweets	makeiset
swell	turvota
swelling	turvotus
sweltering	helteinen
swerve	väistää
swift	nopea
swiftly	nopeasti
swig	huikka
swill	ryypätä
swim	uida
swimmer	uimari
swimming	uima-
swimsuit	uimapuku
swindle	huijata
swindler	huijari
swine	sika
swing	keinu
swinger	poppari
swinging	svengaava
swipe	napata
swirl	kiehkura
swish	havina
switch	vaihtaa
switchblade	stiletti
switchboard	puhelinvaihde
swivel	kääntää
swollen	turvonnut
swoon	pyörtyä
swoop	syöksyä
sword	miekka
swordfish	miekkakala
swordplay	miekkailu
swordsman	miekkailija
sycamore	vuorivaahtera
syllable	tavu
syllabus	opetussuunnitelma
symbiotic	symbioottinen
symbol	symboli
symbolic	symbolinen
symbolically	symbolisesti
symbolism	symboliikka
symbolize	symboloida
symmetric	symmetrinen
symmetrical	symmetrinen
symmetry	symmetria
sympathetic	sympaattinen
sympathize	sympatisoida
sympathy	myötätunto
symphonic	sinfoninen
symphony	sinfonia
symposium	symposiumi
symptom	oire
symptomatic	oireellinen
synagogue	synagoga
synapse	synapse
synaptic	synaptic
sync	synkronoida
synchronize	synkronoida
synchronous	synkroninen
syncope	hetkellinen tajuttomuus
syndicate	syndikaatti
syndrome	oireyhtymä
synergistic	synergistinen
synergy	synergia
synod	kirkolliskokous
synonym	synonyymi
synonymous	synonyymi
synopsis	tiivistelmä
synoptic	synoptiset
syntax	syntaksi
synthesis	synteesi
synthesizer	syntetisaattori
synthetic	synteettinen
syphilis	kuppa
syringe	ruisku
syrup	siirappi
system	järjestelmä
systematic	systemaattinen
systematically	järjestelmällisesti
t-shirt	T-paita
tab	kieleke
tabasco	Tabasco
tabby	juovikas kissa
tabernacle	tabernaakkeli
table	pöytä
tableau	NO TRANSLATION
tablecloth	pöytäliina
tablespoon	ruokalusikka
tablet	tabletti
tableware	pöytäkalusto
tabloid	bulevardilehti
taboo	tabu
tabular	taulukkomuodossa
tabulate	taulukoida
tabulation	taulukointipalvelut
tachometer	kierroslukumittari
tacit	äänetön
tack	nasta
tackle	taklaus
tackled	puututtava
tackling	puuttumalla
tacky	tahmea
taco	Taco
tact	tahdikkuus
tactful	tahdikas
tactic	taktiikka
tactical	taktinen
tactics	taktiikka
tactile	tunto-
tad	NO TRANSLATION
tadpole	nuijapää
taffeta	tafti
taffy	toffee
tag	tag
tail	pyrstö
tailed	hännällinen
tailgate	takaluukku
tailings	rikastushiekka
taillight	takavalot
tailor	räätälöidä
tailoring	räätälöinti
tailpipe	pakoputki
taint	pilata
take	ottaa
takeoff	ottaa pois
takeout	viedä ulos
takeover	vallata
taker	ottajalle
talcum	talkki
tale	tarina
talent	lahjakkuus
talented	lahjakas
talisman	talismaani
talk	puhua
talkative	puhelias
talker	suunpieksijä
tall	pitkä
tallies	paikkansapitävyys
tallow	tali
tally	pistelasku
talon	kynsi
talons	NO TRANSLATION
tambourine	tamburiini
tame	NO TRANSLATION
tamer	kesyttäjä
taming	kesyttämään
tamper	peukaloida
tampon	tamponi
tan	rusketus
tandem	tandem
tang	tang
tangent	tangentti
tangerine	mandariini
tangible	konkreettinen
tangle	vyyhti
tangled	sotkeutunut
tango	tango
tank	säiliö
tank top	Toppi
tanker	säiliöauto
tanned	ruskettunut
tantalizing	ärsyttävä
tantamount	sama kuin
tantrum	kiukuttelu
taoism	Taolaisuus
tap	hana
tape	nauha
tape measure	mittanauha
taper	kynttilä
tapering	suippo
tapestry	kuvakudos
tapeworm	lapamato
tapioca	tapioka
taps	hanat
tar	terva
tarantula	lintuhämähäkki
tardiness	viivästymisen
tardy	verkkainen
target	kohde
targeted	kohdennettu
targeting	kohdistaminen
tariff	tulli
tarmac	asfaltti
tarnish	tummua
tarot	tarokki
tarp	NO TRANSLATION
tarry	tervainen
tart	torttu
tartan	tartaani
tartar	hammaskivi
task	tehtävä
tassel	tupsu
taste	maku
tasteful	tyylikäs
tasteless	mauton
tasting	makuinen
tasty	maukas
tat	tAT
tattler	tattler
tattletale	Tattletale
tattoo	tatuointi
taught	opettanut
taunt	kiusata
taupe	taupe
taut	kireä
tavern	kapakka
tawdry	mauton
tawny	kellanruskea
tax	verottaa
taxed	verotetaan
taxi	Taksi
taxicab	taksi
taxonomy	taksonomia
taxpayer	veronmaksaja
tea	tee
teach	opettaa
teacher	opettaja
teaching	opetus
teacup	teekuppi
teahouse	teehuone
teal	tavi
team	tiimi
teamjesus	NO TRANSLATION
teammate	joukkuekaveri
teamwork	ryhmätyö
teapot	teekannu
tear	repiä
tearful	itkuinen
tearsofjoy	NO TRANSLATION
teary	teary
tease	härnätä
teaser	härnääjä
teasing	kiusanteko
teaspoon	teelusikka
teat	tutti
teatime	teehetki
tech	teknologia
technical	tekninen
technicality	muodollisuus
technician	teknikko
technique	tekniikka
techno	techno
technological	teknologinen
technology	tekniikka
ted	TED
teddy bear	nalle
tedious	ikävä
tedium	pitkäveteisyys
tee	tii
teeming	vilisee
teen	teini-ikäinen
teenage	teini-ikäinen
teenager	teini-ikäinen
teens	teini-ikä
teensy	teensy
teeny	pikkuinen
teeth	hampaat
teething	hampaiden puhkeaminen
teflon	Teflon
telegram	sähke
telegraph	lennätin
telekinesis	telekinesia
telemetry	telemetria
telepathic	telepaattinen
telepathy	telepatia
telephone	puhelin
telescope	teleskooppi
telescopic	teleskooppinen
telethon	Telethon
teletype	Teletype
televised	televisioitu
television	televisio
tell	kertoa
teller	pankkivirkailija
telling	kertominen
telltale	paljastava
temp	temp
temper	luonne
tempera	tempera
temperament	temperamentti
temperamental	temperamentikas
temperance	raittius
temperate	leuto
temperature	lämpötila
tempered	karkaistua
tempest	myrsky
template	sapluuna
temple	temppeli
tempo	NO TRANSLATION
temporal	ajallinen
temporarily	väliaikaisesti
temporary	tilapäinen
tempt	houkutella
temptation	houkutus
tempting	houkutteleva
temptress	viettelijätär
ten	kymmenen
tenable	pitävä
tenacious	sitkeä
tenacity	sitkeys
tenancy	vuokrasuhde
tenant	vuokralainen
tend	taipumus
tendency	suuntaus
tender	hellä
tenderfoot	tulokas
tenderness	arkuus
tending	taipumus
tendon	jänne
tenement	vuokratalo
tenet	opinkappale
tenets	ohjenuorat
tenfold	kymmenkertainen
tennis	tennis
tenor	tenori
tense	jännittynyt
tensile	vetolujuus
tension	jännitys
tent	teltta
tentacle	lonkero
tentative	alustava
tenth	kymmenes
tenths	kymmenesosaa
tenuous	heikko
tenure	hallintaoikeus
tepee	tiipii
tepid	haalea
tequila	tequila
teriyaki	teriyaki
term	termi
terminal	pääte
terminate	lopettaa
termination	päättyminen
terminator	terminaattori
terminology	terminologia
terminus	pääteasema
termite	termiitti
terms	ehdot
tern	tiira
ternary	ternäärisen
terrace	terassi
terrain	maasto
terrestrial	maa-
terrible	kauhea
terribly	hirveästi
terrier	terrieri
terrific	loistava
terrified	kauhistunut
terrifies	kauhistuttaa
terrify	kauhistuttaa
terrifying	kauhistuttava
territorial	alueellinen
territory	alue
terror	terrori
terrorism	terrorismi
terrorist	terroristi
terrorists	terroristit
terrorize	terrorisoida
terse	niukkasanainen
tertiary	tertiäärinen
test	testata
testament	testamentti
testicle	kives
testicular	kivesten
testify	todistaa
testimonial	työtodistus
testimony	todistus
testosterone	testosteroni
testy	NO TRANSLATION
tetanus	jäykkäkouristus
tether	lieka
tethered	tethered
tetrahedral	tetraedrielementtiverkossa
text	teksti
textbook	oppikirja
textile	tekstiili
textural	textural
texture	rakenne
tgif	TGIF
thank	kiittää
thankful	kiitollinen
thankgod	luojan kiitos
thanking	kiittäen
thankless	epäkiitollinen
thanks	Kiitos
thanksalot	NO TRANSLATION
thanksgiving	kiitospäivä
thankyougod	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoujesus	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoulord	NO TRANSLATION
thatch	kuontalo
thatmoment	NO TRANSLATION
thaumaturgy	Thaumaturgy
thaw	sulaa
theater	teatteri
theatrical	teatraalinen
theatrics	teatteria
thebest	paras
theft	varkaus
theism	teismi
theistic	teistinen
thelife	elämä
thelittlethings	NO TRANSLATION
theme	teema
theocracy	teokratia
theocratic	teokraattisesta
theologian	teologi
theological	teologinen
theology	teologia
theorem	lause
theoretical	teoreettinen
theory	teoria
therapeutic	terapeuttinen
therapeutics	terapeutiikka
therapist	terapeutti
therapy	terapia
thereabouts	niillä main
thereof	sen
therewith	sen kanssa
thermal	lämpö-
thermocouple	termoelementin
thermodynamics	termodynamiikka
thermometer	lämpömittari
thermos	termospullo
thermostat	termostaatti
thesaurus	synonyymisanakirja
thesis	tutkielma
thick	paksu
thicken	paksuntaa
thickening	paksuuntuminen
thicket	pusikko
thickness	paksuus
thief	varas
thigh	reisi
thimble	sormustin
thin	ohut
thing	asia
things	asiat
thingy	juttu
think	ajatella
thinker	ajattelija
thinking	ajattelu
third	kolmas
thirds	kolmasosaa
thirst	jano
thirsty	janoinen
thirteen	kolmetoista
thirteenth	kolmastoista
thirty	kolmekymmentä
thistle	ohdake
thither	sinne
thong	remmi
thorn	piikki
thorny	hankala
thorough	perusteellinen
thoroughbred	täysiverinen
thoroughfare	valtaväylä
thought	ajatus
thoughtful	huomaavainen
thoughtfulness	huomaavaisuus
thoughtless	ajattelematon
thoughts	ajatuksia
thousand	tuhat
thrash	puida
thread	lanka
threat	uhkaus
threaten	uhata
threatened	uhanalaisten
threatening	uhkaava
three	kolme
threefold	kolminkertainen
threesome	kolmikko
thresh	piestä
threshold	kynnys
thrice	kolmasti
thrift	säästäväisyys
thrifty	säästäväinen
thrill	jännitys
thrilled	innoissaan
thriller	trilleri
thrilling	jännittävä
thrive	kukoistaa
thriving	kukoistava
throat	kurkku
throb	tykyttää
throbbing	sykkivä
throes	tuskat
throne	valtaistuin
throng	tungos
throttle	kuristin
throw	heittää
throwback	takaisku
thrower	heittäjä
thrown	heitetään
thrush	sammas
thrust	työntövoima
thruster	keulapotkurin
thud	tömähtää
thug	roisto
thumb	peukalo
thumbprint	sormenjälki
thump	tömähdys
thumper	Rumpali
thumping	mahtava
thunder	ukkonen
thunderbolt	salama
thunderclap	ukkosen jyrähdys
thundering	mahtava
thunderstorm	ukonilma
thunderstruck	tyrmistynyt
thwart	estää
thx	Kiitti
thyme	timjami
thyroid	kilpirauhanen
tiara	otsaripa
tibia	sääriluu
tic	tic
tick	rasti
ticked	rasti
ticker	pumppu
ticket	lippu
tickle	kutittaa
tickled	Tickled
ticklish	tukala
tidal	vuorovesi-
tidal wave	hyökyaalto
tidbit	makupala
tide	vuorovesi
tidings	uutiset
tidy	siisti
tie	solmio
tier	porras
tiff	tiff
tiger	tiikeri
tighten	kiristää
tightness	tiiviys
tightrope	vaijeri
tights	sukkahousut
tilde	tilde
tile	laatta
tiling	laatoitus
till	NO TRANSLATION
tillage	maanmuokkaus
tiller	tiller
tilt	kallistaa
tilting	kallistus
timber	puutavara
timberland	timberland
timbre	äänenväri
time	aika
timeless	ajaton
timeliness	ajantasaisuus
timely	ajankohtainen
timeout	Aikalisä
timepiece	kello
timer	ajastin
times	ajat
timetable	aikataulu
timewasters	NO TRANSLATION
timid	arka
timidity	arkuus
timing	ajoitus
tin	NO TRANSLATION
tincture	tinktuura
tine	NO TRANSLATION
tinfoil	folio
tinge	sävy
tingle	kihelmöidä
tingling	pistely
tinker	näpertely
tinkering	puuhastelun
tinkle	NO TRANSLATION
tinkling	tinkling
tinnitus	tinnitus
tinsel	hopealanka
tint	värisävy
tiny	pikkuruinen
tip	kärki
tipper	sora-
tipster	vihjeidenmyyjä
tipsy	hiprakassa
tiptoe	hiipiä varpaisillaan
tirade	vuodatus
tire	Rengas
tired	väsynyt
tiredness	väsymys
tiredofit	NO TRANSLATION
tireless	väsymätön
tiresome	ärsyttävä
tiring	rasittava
tissue	kudos
tistheseason	NO TRANSLATION
tit	tissi
titan	Titaani
titanic	titaanimainen
titanium	titaani
tithe	kymmenykset
title	otsikko
titled	nimeltään
titty	tissi
titular	NO TRANSLATION
toad	rupikonna
toast	paahtoleipä
toaster	leivänpaahdin
toasty	paahteinen
tobacco	tupakka
toby	Toby
tod	pensaikko
today	tänään
toddler	taapero
toe	varvas
toenail	varpaankynsi
toffee	toffee
tofu	tofu
toga	NO TRANSLATION
together	yhdessä
togetherness	yhteishenki
toil	puurtaa
toilet	WC
toils	ansa
token	symbolinen
tolerable	siedettävä
tolerance	toleranssi
tolerant	suvaitseva
tolerate	sietää
toleration	suvaitsevuus
toll	tietulli
tomahawk	tomahawk
tomato	tomaatti
tomatoes	tomaatit
tomb	hauta
tombstone	hautakivi
tomcat	kollikissa
tome	minulle
tomorrow	huomenna
ton	NO TRANSLATION
tone	sävy
toner	kasvovesi
tong	NO TRANSLATION
tongs	pihdit
tongue	kieli
tonic	tonic
tonnage	vetoisuus
tonsils	risat
toocold	NO TRANSLATION
tool	työkalu
toolbox	työkalupakki
tooling	työkalut
toomuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
toot	toitottaa
tooth	hammas
toothache	hammassärky
toothbrush	hammasharja
toothed	hammastettu
toothless	hampaaton
toothpaste	hammastahna
toothpick	hammastikku
toots	kultaseni
top	ylin
topaz	topaasi
topic	aihe
topical	ajankohtainen
topless	yläosattomissa
topographic	topographic
topographical	topografinen
topography	topografia
topple	kaataa
topside	yläpuoli
tor	Tor
torch	soihtu
torment	piina
tormented	kiusannut
torn	revitty
tornado	tornado
torpedo	torpedo
torque	vääntömomentti
torrent	ryöppy
torrid	paahtava
torsion	vääntö
torso	torso
tort	rikkomus
tortious	rikkomuksellista
tortoise	kilpikonna
tortuous	monimutkainen
torture	kiduttaa
tortured	kidutettu
toss	nakata
tot	NO TRANSLATION
total	kaikki yhteensä
totality	kokonaisuus
totally	täysin
tote	raahata
totem	toteemi
touch	kosketus
touchdown	maali
touched	liikuttunut
touching	liikuttava
touchy	arka
tough	kova
toughen	kovettua
toughness	sitkeys
toupee	hiuslisäke
tour	kiertue
tourism	matkailu
tourist	turisti
tourmaline	turmaliini
tournament	turnaus
tourniquet	kiristysside
tout	NO TRANSLATION
tow	hinata
towel	pyyhe
tower	torni
towering	kiihkeä
town	kaupunki
townhouse	townhouse
township	kauppala
townspeople	kaupunkilaiset
toxic	myrkyllinen
toxicity	myrkyllisyys
toxicology	toksikologia
toxin	myrkky
toy	lelu
toymaker	Toymaker
trace	jäljittää
traceable	jäljitettävissä
tracer	merkkiaine
traces	jälkiä
trachea	henkitorvi
tracing	jäljittämisestä
track	seurata
tracker	seuraaja
tract	alue
tractable	mukautuva
traction	veto
tractor	traktori
trade	käydä kauppaa
trademark	tavaramerkki
trader	kauppias
tradesman	kauppias
trading	kaupankäynti
tradition	perinne
traditional	perinteinen
traffic	liikenne
traffic light	liikennevalo
trafficking	kauppa
tragedies	tragedioita
tragedy	tragedia
tragic	traaginen
trail	polku
trailer	perävaunu
train	kouluttaa
train set	junasetti
trained	koulutettu
trainee	harjoittelija
trainer	kouluttaja
training	koulutus
trait	piirre
traitor	petturi
traitorous	kavala
trajectory	kehityskaari
tram	raitiovaunu
tramp	kulkuri
trample	talloa
trampoline	trampoliini
tramway	raitiotie
trance	transsi
tranquil	rauhallinen
tranquility	tyyneys
tranquilizer	rauhoittava
transact	transact
transaction	liiketoimi
transatlantic	transatlanttiset
transceiver	lähetin-
transcend	ylittää
transcendence	tuonpuoleisuuden
transcendent	ylivertainen
transcendental	transsendenttinen
transcribe	kirjoittaa puhtaaksi
transcriber	purkulaite
transcript	jäljennös
transcription	transkriptio
transfer	siirtää
transference	tunteensiirto
transferred	siirretty
transfixed	paikalleen jähmettynyt
transform	muuttaa
transformation	muutos
transformer	muuntaja
transfusion	verensiirto
transgression	rikkomus
transient	ohimenevä
transistor	transistori
transit	kauttakulku
transition	siirtyminen
transitional	siirtymävaiheen
transitive	transitiivinen
transitory	ohimenevä
translate	Kääntää
translation	käännös
translator	kääntäjä
translocation	translokaatio
translucent	läpikuultava
transmission	lähetys
transmit	lähettää
transmitter	lähetin
transmutation	transmutaatio
transom	peräpeiliin
transparency	läpinäkyvyys
transparent	läpinäkyvä
transplant	siirto
transplantation	elinsiirrot
transponder	transponderi
transport	kuljetus
transportation	kuljetus
transporter	transporter
transpose	transponoida
transposition	osaksi
transsexual	transseksualisti
transverse	poikittainen
transvestite	transvestiitti
trap	ansa
trapdoor	kattoluukku
trapeze	trapetsi
trapped	loukussa
trapper	turkismetsästäjä
trapping	ansastusta
trappings	ulkoiset merkit
traps	ansoja
trash	roska
trashy	surkea
trauma	trauma
traumatic	traumaattinen
travail	NO TRANSLATION
travel	matkustaa
traveler	matkustaja
traveling	matkustaminen
traverse	halkoa
travesty	irvikuva
trawl	trooli
trawler	troolari
tray	tarjotin
treacherous	petollinen
treachery	petollisuus
tread	askelma
treadmill	juoksumatto
treason	maanpetos
treasure	aarre
treasured	arvossa
treasurer	rahastonhoitaja
treasures	aarteita
treasury	valtiovarainministeriö
treat	kohdella
treatable	hoidettavissa
treatise	tutkielma
treatment	hoito
treaty	sopimus
treble	diskantti
tree	puu
trees	Puut
trek	vaeltaa
trellis	säleikkö
tremble	vapista
trembling	värinä
tremendous	valtava
tremendously	valtavasti
tremor	vapina
trench	Kaivanto
trend	trendi
trending	nousussa
trendy	muodikas
trepidation	pelko
trespass	rikkomus
triad	kolmikko
triage	triage
trial	oikeudenkäynti
triangle	kolmio
triangular	kolmikulmainen
triangulate	triangulate
triathlon	triatlon
tribal	heimo-
tribe	heimo
tribulation	koettelemus
tribunal	tuomioistuin
tribune	Tribune
tributary	sivujoki
tribute	kunnianosoitus
trick	temppu
trickery	metkut
trickle	noro
trickster	petkuttaja
tricky	hankala
tricycle	kolmipyörä
trident	kolmikärki
trifle	torttu
trifling	mitätön
trig	Trig
trigger	laukaista
trigonometry	trigonometria
trillion	biljoona
trilogy	trilogia
trim	trimmata
trimester	raskauskolmanneksen
trimmer	leikkuri
trimming	trimmaus
trine	Trine
trinity	kolminaisuus
trinket	muistoesine
trio	trio
trip	matka
tripartite	kolmiosainen
tripe	roska
triple	kolminkertaistaa
triplet	kolmikon
triplicate	kolminkertaistaa
tripod	kolmijalka
tripping	laukaisu
trite	tylsä
tritium	tritium
triumph	riemuvoitto
triumphant	voittoisa
trivia	trivia
trivial	triviaali
troll	peikko
trolley	johdinauto
trombone	pasuuna
troop	joukko
trooper	poliisi
troops	joukot
trophy	palkinto
tropic	trooppinen
tropical	trooppinen
tropics	tropiikki
trot	ravi
trouble	vaivata
troubled	levoton
troublemaker	häirikkö
troubles	ongelmia
troublesome	hankala
trough	kaukalo
troupe	seurue
trousers	housut
trout	taimen
trowel	istutuslapio
truce	aselepo
truck	kuorma-auto
trucker	rekkakuski
truckload	autokuormallinen
truculent	päällekäyvä
true	TOTTA
truelove	tosi rakkaus
truffle	tryffeli
truism	truismi
trump	valtti
trumpet	trumpetti
trumpeter	trumpetisti
truncate	katkaista
truncated	katkaistu
trundle	vyöryä
trunk	runko
truss	sitoa
trust	luottamus
trustee	edunvalvoja
trusting	luottavainen
trustworthy	luotettava
trusty	luotettava
truth	totuus
truthful	totuudenmukainen
truthfulness	totuudellisuus
try	yrittää
tryout	kokeilla
tryouts	esikarsinnat
tsunami	tsunami
tub	kylpyamme
tuba	tuuba
tubby	pullea
tube	putki
tuberculosis	tuberkuloosi
tubing	letkut
tubular	putkimainen
tubule	tubulus
tuck	työntää
tucker	Tucker
tuesday	tiistai
tufted	töyhtö-
tug	hinaaja
tugboat	hinaaja
tuition	opetus
tulip	tulppaani
tumble	rojahtaa
tumbler	NO TRANSLATION
tumbleweed	Tumbleweed
tummy	masu
tumor	kasvain
tumour	kasvain
tumult	sekasorto
tumultuous	myrskyisä
tun	NO TRANSLATION
tuna	tonnikala
tunable	viritettävissä
tune	virittää
tunic	tunika
tuning	viritys
tunnel	tunneli
turban	turbaani
turbidity	sameus
turbine	turbiini
turbo	turbo
turbulence	turbulenssi
turbulent	turbulentti
turd	paskiainen
turf	turve
turkey	Turkki
turmeric	kurkuma
turmoil	kuohunta
turn	vuoro
turnaround	käänny ympäri
turned	kääntyi
turning	kääntyminen
turnip	nauris
turnkey	avaimet käteen -periaatteella
turnoff	NO TRANSLATION
turnout	osoittautua
turnover	liikevaihto
turnpike	tullitie
turntable	levysoitin
turpentine	tärpätti
turquoise	turkoosi
turret	torni
turtle	kilpikonna
turtleneck	poolokaulus
tussle	tappelu
tutelage	holhous
tutor	tutor
tutoring	ohjaus
tutu	balettihame
tux	tux
tuxedo	smokki
tv	TV
twain	kaksi
twat	kusipää
twats	twats
tweak	nipistää
tweed	tweed
tweet	piipittää
tweezers	pinsetit
twelfth	kahdestoista
twelve	kaksitoista
twentieth	kahdeskymmenes
twenty	kaksikymmentä
twerp	ääliö
twig	oksa
twilight	iltahämärä
twill	tvilli
twin	twin
twine	kietoa
twinge	vihlaisu
twinkle	tuike
twins	kaksoset
twirl	pyörähdys
twist	kierre
twisted	kierretty
twister	pyörremyrsky
twit	pöhkö
twitch	nykiä
twitching	nykiminen
twitchy	hermostunut
two	kaksi
two step	kaksi askelta
twofaced	NO TRANSLATION
twofold	kahtalainen
twosome	kaksikko
tycoon	pohatta
tyke	rakki
type	tyyppi
typewriter	kirjoituskone
typhoid	lavantauti
typhoon	taifuuni
typical	tyypillinen
typically	tyypillisesti
typist	konekirjoittaja
typo	painovirhe
typography	typografia
tyrannical	tyrannimainen
tyranny	tyrannia
tyrant	tyranni
tyre	Rengas
ubiquitous	kaikkialla läsnä oleva
ubiquity	läsnäolo kaikkialla
ugliness	rumuus
ugly	ruma
uhoh	NO TRANSLATION
ukulele	ukulele
ulcer	haava
ulterior	salainen
ultimate	perimmäinen
ultimately	lopulta
ultimatum	uhkavaatimus
ultimo	NO TRANSLATION
ultrasound	ultraääni
ultraviolet	ultravioletti
umbilical	napa-
umbra	Umbra
umbrella	sateenvarjo
umpire	tuomari
umpteen	lukematon
unabashed	ujostelematon
unabated	hellittämätön
unable	kykenemätön
unacceptable	mahdoton hyväksyä
unaccompanied	ilman huoltajaa
unaccountable	selittämätön
unaccounted	kateissa
unacknowledged	kuittaamattomien
unadulterated	silkka
unaffected	ennallaan
unafraid	peloton
unaided	ilman apua
unaltered	muuttumaton
unambiguous	yksiselitteinen
unanimity	yksimielisyys
unanimous	yksimielinen
unanimously	yksimielisesti
unannounced	ennalta ilmoittamatta
unanswered	vastaamattomat
unanticipated	ennakoimattomia
unappreciated	arvosteta
unapproved	hyväksymättömiä
unarmed	aseeton
unassisted	ilman apua
unassuming	vaatimaton
unattached	irrallinen
unattainable	saavuttamaton
unattended	yksin
unattractive	epämieluisa
unauthorized	luvaton
unavailable	poissa
unavoidable	väistämätön
unaware	tietämätön
unbalanced	tasapainoton
unbearable	sietämätön
unbeatable	lyömätön
unbeaten	lyömätön
unbecoming	epäpukeva
unbelief	epäusko
unbelievable	uskomaton
unbiased	puolueeton
unborn	syntymätön
unbound	sitomaton
unbounded	rajaton
unbreakable	rikkoutumaton
unbridled	hillitön
unbroken	ehjä
unbutton	avata
uncalled	aiheeton
uncanny	käsittämätön
uncaring	piittaamaton
uncensured	NO TRANSLATION
uncertain	epävarma
uncertainty	epävarmuus
unchallenged	kiistämätön
unchangeable	muuttumaton
unchanged	ennallaan
uncharted	tuntematon
uncherished	NO TRANSLATION
uncivilized	sivistymätön
unclaimed	unclaimed
uncle	setä
unclean	epäpuhdas
unclear	epäselvä
uncomfortable	epämiellyttävä
uncommon	harvinainen
uncommonly	tavattoman
uncomplicated	mutkaton
uncompromising	tinkimätön
unconcerned	välinpitämätön
unconditional	ehdoton
unconfirmed	vahvistamaton
unconnected	irrallinen
unconscionable	kohtuuton
unconscious	tajuton
unconsciousness	tiedottomuus
unconstitutional	perustuslain vastainen
unconstrained	rajoittamaton
uncontested	riidattomien
uncontrollable	hillitön
uncontrolled	kontrolloimaton
unconventional	epäsovinnainen
unconvinced	vakuuttunut
unconvincing	epäuskottava
uncooked	kypsentämätön
uncooperative	yhteistyöhaluinen
uncorrelated	korreloimattomia
uncouth	moukkamainen
uncover	paljastaa
uncritical	kritiikitön
uncut	leikkaamaton
undead	Undead
undecided	ratkaisematta
undefeated	voittamaton
undefined	määrittelemätön
undeniable	kiistaton
underage	alaikäinen
underbelly	arka paikka
undercover	salainen
undercurrent	pohjavirta
underdog	heikompi osapuoli
underestimate	aliarvioida
undergo	läpikäydä
undergraduate	opiskelija
underground	maanalainen
underhanded	vehkeilyä
underlay	aluspaperi
underlie	taustalla
underline	korostaa
underlying	taustalla oleva
undermine	heikentää
undermined	heikentää
underneath	pinnan alla
underpaid	alipalkattu
underpants	alushousut
underprivileged	vähäosaisia
underrated	aliarvioitu
underscore	alaviiva
undersea	merenalainen
undersecretary	alivaltiosihteeri
undersized	alamittainen
understaffed	henkilökunnan puutteessa oleva
understand	ymmärtää
understandable	ymmärrettävä
understanding	ymmärtäminen
understatement	vähätelmä
understood	ymmärsi
understudy	varamies
undertake	sitoutuvat
undertaker	hautausurakoitsija
undertaking	yritys
undertow	imu
underwear	alusvaatteet
underwood	puun alla
underworld	alamaailma
underwrite	vakuuttaa
underwriter	vakuutuksenantaja
undeserved	ansaitsematon
undesirable	ei-toivottu
undesired	epätoivottua
undetectable	huomaamaton
undetected	havaitsematta
undetermined	määrittelemätön
undeveloped	kehittymätön
undignified	järjetön
undirected	suuntaamattomassa
undisclosed	julkistamatonta
undiscovered	tuntemattomien
undisputed	kiistaton
undisturbed	rauhassa
undivided	jakamaton
undo	purkaa
undoing	perikato
undoubted	kiistaton
undress	riisua
undressed	alasti
undue	kohtuuton
undying	ikuinen
unearned	ansaitsematon
unearth	kaivaa esiin
uneasiness	huoli
uneasy	levoton
uneducated	kouluttamaton
unemployed	työtön
unemployment	työttömyys
unencumbered	kiinnityksetön
unending	päättymätön
unequal	epätasainen
unequalled	vertaansa vailla
unequivocal	yksiselitteinen
unequivocally	yksiselitteisesti
unethical	epäeettinen
uneven	epätasainen
uneventful	rauhallinen
unexpected	odottamaton
unexpectedly	yllättäen
unexplainable	selittämätön
unexplained	selittämätön
unexplored	tutkimaton
unfailing	pettämätön
unfair	epäoikeudenmukainen
unfairness	epäoikeudenmukaisuus
unfaithful	uskoton
unfamiliar	outo
unfavorable	epäsuotuisa
unfeeling	tunteeton
unfettered	esteetön
unfinished	keskeneräinen
unfit	sopimaton
unflinching	järkähtämätön
unfold	avautua
unfollow	unfollow
unforeseen	odottamaton
unforgettable	unohtumaton
unforgivable	anteeksiantamaton
unforgiving	anteeksiantamaton
unfortunate	valitettava
unfortunately	valitettavasti
unfounded	perusteeton
unfreeze	vapauttaa
unfriendly	epäystävällinen
unfulfilled	täyttymätön
unfurnished	kalustamaton
unglued	mielipuolinen
ungodly	jumalaton
ungrateful	kiittämätön
unguarded	vartioimaton
unhand	NO TRANSLATION
unhappiness	onnettomuutta
unhappy	onneton
unharmed	vahingoittumaton
unhealthy	epäterveellinen
unheard	kuulumaton
unhelpful	hyödytön
unhindered	esteettä
unholy	epäpyhä
unhook	ottaa koukusta
unicorn	yksisarvinen
unidentified	tunnistamaton
unification	yhdistyminen
unified	yhdistynyt
uniform	yhtenäinen
uniformed	virkapukuinen
uniformity	tasaisuus
uniformly	kauttaaltaan
unimaginable	käsittämättömän
unimpeachable	moitteeton
unimpeached	unimpeached
unimportant	merkityksetön
unimpressed	unimpressed
unimproved	rakentamatonta
uninfected	infektoimattomat
uninformed	tietämätön
uninhabited	asumaton
uninitiated	maallikot
uninspired	hengetön
unintelligible	käsittämätön
unintended	tahattomia
unintentional	tahaton
unintentionally	tahattomasti
uninterested	ei kiinnostunut
uninteresting	kiinnostamaton
uninterrupted	keskeytymätön
uninvited	kutsumaton
union	liitto
unique	ainutlaatuinen
unisex	unisex
unison	unisono
unit	yksikkö
unitary	yhtenäinen
unite	yhdistää
united	yhdistynyt
unity	yhtenäisyys
universal	yleismaailmallinen
universality	yleisyys
universe	maailmankaikkeus
university	yliopisto
unjust	epäoikeudenmukainen
unjustifiable	tuomittava
unjustified	epäoikeutettu
unkind	epäystävällinen
unknowable	unknowable
unknown	tuntematon
unlawful	laiton
unleash	päästää valloilleen
unlicensed	lisensoimattomia
unlike	toisin kuin
unlikely	epätodennäköistä
unlimited	rajoittamaton
unlisted	noteeraamaton
unload	purkaa
unloaded	puretaan
unlock	avata
unlucky	onneton
unmanageable	vaikea hallita
unmanned	miehittämätön
unmarked	merkitsemätön
unmarried	naimaton
unmask	paljastaa
unmatched	verraton
unmistakable	päivänselvä
unmitigated	täydellinen
unmoved	välinpitämätön
unnamed	nimeämätön
unnatural	luonnoton
unnecessary	tarpeeton
unneeded	tarpeettomat
unnoticed	huomaamaton
unnumbered	lukematon
unobserved	huomaamattomasti
unobstructed	esteetön
unobtrusive	huomaamaton
unoccupied	tyhjillään
unofficial	epävirallinen
unopened	avaamaton
unopposed	yksimielisesti
unordered	järjestämättömiä
unorganised	järjestyksetön
unorganized	järjestyksetön
unorthodox	epäsovinnainen
unpack	purkaa matkalaukku
unpaid	palkaton
unparalleled	ennennäkemätön
unpleasant	epämiellyttävä
unpleasantness	töykeys
unplug	irrota
unplugged	unplugged
unpopular	epäsuosittu
unprecedented	ennennäkemätön
unpredictable	ennalta arvaamaton
unprepared	valmistamaton
unpretentious	vaatimaton
unproductive	tuottamaton
unprofessional	harrastelijamainen
unprofitable	kannattamaton
unprotected	suojaamaton
unproven	todistettu
unprovoked	provosoimatonta
unpublished	julkaisematon
unpunished	rankaisematta
unqualified	varaukseton
unquestionable	kiistaton
unquestionably	kiistatta
unquestioned	kiistaton
unquote	lainaus päättyy
unravel	purkaa
unreachable	saavuttamaton
unread	lukematon
unreal	epätodellinen
unrealistic	epärealistinen
unreasonable	kohtuuton
unrecorded	tallentamaton
unregistered	rekisteröimätön
unregulated	sääntelemätöntä
unrelated	liity
unrelenting	armoton
unreliable	epäluotettava
unremarkable	mukavalta
unrepentant	katumattomat
unrequited	yksipuolinen
unresolved	ratkaisematon
unresponsive	penseä
unrest	levottomuus
unrestrained	hillitön
unrestricted	rajoittamaton
unromantic	unromantic
unruly	kuriton
unsafe	vaarallinen
unsanitary	epähygieeniset
unsatisfactory	epätyydyttävä
unsatisfied	tyytymätön
unsavory	inhottava
unscathed	vahingoittumaton
unscheduled	ennakoimaton
unscientific	epätieteellinen
unscrew	aueta
unscrupulous	häikäilemätön
unseat	panna viralta
unseen	näkymätön
unselfish	epäitsekäs
unsettled	ratkaisematta
unsightly	ruma
unsolicited	pyytämättä
unsolved	ratkaisematon
unsophisticated	koruton
unsound	epävarma
unspeakable	sanoin kuvaamaton
unspecified	määrittelemätön
unspoken	ääneen lausumaton
unstable	epävakaa
unsteady	epävakaa
unstoppable	vääjäämätön
unsuccessful	epäonnistunut
unsuitable	sopimaton
unsung	unohdettu
unsupervised	valvomatta
unsupported	tueta
unsure	epävarma
unsurpassed	ylittämätön
unsuspecting	hyväuskoinen
unsustainable	kestämätön
unsweetened	makeuttamaton
unsympathetic	unsympathetic
untamed	kesyttämätön
untenable	kestämätön
untested	kokeilematon
unthinkable	mahdoton
untidy	epäsiisti
untie	irrottaa
untimely	ennenaikainen
untitled	nimetön
untold	mittaamaton
untouchable	koskematon
untouched	koskematon
untoward	ikävä
untraceable	jäljittää
untrained	kouluttamaton
untranslated	translatoitumattomat
untroubled	untroubled
untrue	valheellinen
untrustworthy	epäluotettava
unturned	kääntämättä
unused	käyttämätön
unusual	epätavallinen
unusually	epätavallisen
unutterable	sanoin kuvaamaton
unveil	paljastaa
unveiling	paljastus
unverified	vahvistamattomia
unwanted	ei toivottu
unwarranted	tarpeeton
unwary	varomaton
unwashed	pesemätön
unwavering	horjumaton
unwed	naimattomille
unwelcome	epämiellyttävä
unwell	huonovointinen
unwilling	haluton
unwillingly	tahtomattaan
unwillingness	haluttomuus
unwind	rentoutua
unwise	harkitsematon
unwitting	tahaton
unwittingly	tietämättään
unworthy	kelvoton
unwrap	ottaa paketista
unwritten	kirjoittamaton
unyielding	taipumaton
unzip	avata jnk vetoketju
upbeat	toiveikas
upbringing	kasvatus
upcoming	tuleva
update	päivittää
upgrade	parantaa
upheaval	mullistus
uphill	ylämäkeä
uphold	puolustaa
upholstery	verhoilu
upkeep	ylläpito
upland	upland
uplands	ylänkö
uplift	kohottaa
uplifting	mieltä ylentävä
uplink	uplink
upload	lataa
upper	ylempi
uppercut	uppercut
uppity	nenäkäs
upright	pystyssä
uprising	kansannousu
uproar	meteli
upscale	hyväpalkkainen
upset	poissa tolaltaan
upshot	lopputulos
upstairs	yläkerrassa
upstanding	rehti
upstart	nousukas
uptight	kireä
upward	ylöspäin
upwards	ylöspäin
uranium	uraani
urban	kaupunki-
urchin	viikari
urge	halu
urgency	kiireellisyys
urgent	kiireellinen
urinal	urinaali
urinalysis	virtsa
urinate	virtsata
urination	virtsaaminen
urine	virtsa
urn	uurna
usable	käyttökelpoinen
usage	käyttö
use	käyttää
used	käytetty
useful	hyödyllinen
usefully	hyödyllisesti
usefulness	hyödyllisyys
useless	hyödytön
user	käyttäjä
usher	vahtimestari
usual	tavallinen
usurp	anastaa
usurped	anastettu
usury	koronkiskonta
utensil	väline
uterus	kohtu
utilitarian	utilitaristinen
utility	apuohjelma
utilization	käyttö
utilize	käyttää
utmost	äärimmäisen
utopian	utopistinen
utter	täydellinen
utterance	lausahdus
utterly	täysin
vacancy	avoin työpaikka
vacant	vapaa
vacate	tyhjentää
vacation	loma
vaccination	rokotus
vaccine	rokote
vacuolar	vakuolaarinen
vacuole	onteloita
vacuous	ontto
vacuum	tyhjiö
vagabond	kulkuri
vagina	emätin
vaginal	emätin-
vagrancy	irtolaisuus
vagrant	kulkuri
vague	epämääräinen
vagueness	epäselvyys
vainly	turhaan
valance	helma
vale	laakso
valedictorian	priimus
valentine	mielitietty
valet	miespalvelija
valiant	urhoollinen
valid	pätevä
validate	vahvistaa
validation	validointi
validity	voimassaolo
valium	valium
valley	laakso
valor	NO TRANSLATION
valuable	arvokas
valuables	arvoesineet
valuation	arvostus
value	arvo
valve	venttiili
vamoose	NO TRANSLATION
vamp	vamppi
vampire	vampyyri
van	NO TRANSLATION
vandal	vandaali
vandalism	ilkivalta
vane	tuuliviiri
vanguard	etujoukko
vanilla	vanilja
vanish	kadota
vanished	katosi
vanishing	häviämässä
vanity	turhamaisuus
vanquish	kukistaa
vanquished	kukistetaan
vanquishing	vanquishing
vantage	etu
vapor	höyry
vara	NO TRANSLATION
variable	muuttuja
variance	vaihtelu
variation	vaihtelu
variations	muunnelmat
varicella	varicella
varicose	suonikohju
varied	monipuolinen
variegated	kirjava
variety	lajike
various	eri
varmint	varmint
varnish	lakka
varsity	yliopisto
vary	vaihdella
varying	vaihteleva
vascular	verisuoni-
vase	maljakko
vasectomy	siemenjohtimen katkaisu
vassal	vasalli
vast	valtava
vat	arvonlisävero
vaudeville	vaudeville
vault	holvi
vaulted	holvattu
vaulting	huima
veal	vasikanliha
vector	vektori
veer	kääntyä
vega	Vega
vegan	vegaani
vegetable	vihannes
vegetarian	kasvissyöjä
vegetarianism	vegetarismi
vegetation	kasvillisuus
vegetative	vegetatiivinen
veggie	kasvis-
vehement	kiivas
vehicle	ajoneuvo
veil	huntu
veiled	verhottu
vein	suoni
veined	suonikas
vellum	silopaperi
velocity	nopeus
velour	veluuri
velvet	sametti
velvety	samettinen
vena	vena
vendetta	verikosto
vending	verikosto
vendor	myyjä
veneer	viilu
venerable	kunnioitettava
veneration	syvä kunnioitus
venereal	veneerinen
venetian	venetsialainen
vengeance	kosto
vengeful	kostonhimoinen
venison	hirvenliha
venom	myrkky
venomous	myrkyllinen
venous	laskimo-
vent	aukko
ventilation	ilmanvaihto
ventilator	tuuletin
venting	tuuletus
ventricle	kammio
ventricular	kammion
ventriloquist	vatsastapuhuja
venture	hanke
venue	tapahtumapaikka
veracity	totuudenmukaisuus
veranda	kuisti
verb	verbi
verbal	sanallinen
verbatim	sanatarkka
verbiage	jaarittelu
verbose	jaaritteleva
verbosity	jaarittelu
verdant	vehmas
verdict	tuomio
verge	partaalla
verification	varmistus
verified	todennettu
verify	tarkistaa
verily	totisesti
veritable	todellinen
vermin	syöpäläiset
vermouth	vermutti
vernacular	kansankielinen
vernal	keväinen
veronica	Veronica
versatile	monipuolinen
versatility	monipuolisuus
verse	jae
version	versio
versus	vastaan
vert	vert
vertebra	nikama
vertebral	nikama-
vertex	kärki
vertical	pystysuora
vertically	pystysuoraan
vertigo	huimaus
verve	lennokkuus
very negative	hyvin negatiivinen
very positive	hyvin positiivinen
veryangry	NO TRANSLATION
vesicle	rakkula
vesicular	vesicular
vessel	alus
vest	liivi
vested	saavutettujen
vestibule	eteinen
vestige	jäänne
vet	eläinlääkäri
veteran	veteraani-
veterinarian	eläinlääkäri
veterinary	eläinlääketieteen
veto	veto
vexed	ärtynyt
viability	kannattavuus
viable	kannattava
viaduct	maasilta
vial	pullo
vibe	fiilis
vibes	fiilis
vibrant	eloisa
vibrate	värähdellä
vibration	värähtely
vibrator	hieromasauva
vibratory	vibratory
vicar	kirkkoherra
vicarious	sijais-
vice	pahe
viceroy	varakuningas
vicinity	läheisyys
vicious	häijy
victim	uhri
victimized	kostotoimien
victor	voittaja
victoria	Victoria
victorious	voittoisa
victory	voitto
video	video-
video game	videopeli
videotape	videonauha
vie	NO TRANSLATION
view	näkymä
viewer	katsoja
viewing	katselu
viewpoint	näkökulma
vigil	aatto
vigilance	valppaus
vigilant	valpas
vigilante	järjestyksenvalvoja
vignette	vinjetti
vigor	elinvoima
vigorous	voimakas
viking	viikinki
vile	halpamainen
villa	huvila
village	kylä
villager	kyläläinen
villain	konna
villainous	häijy
vinaigrette	ranskalainen salaatinkastike
vindicate	osoittaa oikeaksi
vindicated	oikeaksi
vindication	puolustus
vindictive	kostonhimoinen
vine	viiniköynnös
vinegar	etikka
vineyard	viinitarha
vintage	vuosikerta
vinyl	vinyyli-
viola	viola
violate	rikkoa
violation	rikkominen
violence	väkivalta
violent	väkivaltainen
violently	väkivaltaisesti
violet	violetti
violin	viulu
violinist	viulunsoittaja
viper	kyykäärme
viral	virus-
virgin	Neitsyt
virginal	neitseellinen
virginity	neitsyys
virility	miehekkyys
virology	virologia
virtual	virtuaali-
virtually	käytännössä
virtue	hyve
virtuoso	virtuoosi
virtuous	hyveellinen
virulence	virulenssi
virus	virus
visa	Visa
visage	NO TRANSLATION
viscosity	viskositeetti
viscous	viskoosi
vise	NO TRANSLATION
visibility	näkyvyys
visible	näkyvä
visibly	selvästi
vision	näkemys
visionary	näkijä
visit	vierailla
visitation	piispantarkastus
visiting	vierailevat
visitor	vierailija
visor	lippa
vista	näköala
visual	visuaalinen
visualize	havainnollistaa
vital	elintärkeä
vitality	elinvoimaisuus
vitals	vitals
vitamin	vitamiini
vitreous	lasi-
viva	suullinen tentti
vivacious	pirteä
vivid	eloisa
vixen	äkäpussi
vocabulary	sanasto
vocal	laulu-
vocalist	laulaja
vocation	kutsumus
vodka	vodka
vogue	muoti
voice	ääni
voiceless	soinniton
voicemail	vastaajaan
void	mitätön
volatile	haihtuva
volatility	haihtuvuus
volcanic	tulivuoren
volcano	tulivuori
volition	tahto
volley	volley
volleyball	Lentopallo
voltage	Jännite
voltmeter	volttimittari
volume	tilavuus
volumes	volyymit
voluminous	runsas
voluntarily	vapaaehtoisesti
voluntary	vapaaehtoinen
volunteer	vapaaehtoinen
volunteering	vapaaehtoistyö
volunteers	vapaaehtoiset
voluptuous	uhkea
vomit	oksentaa
vomiting	oksentelu
voodoo	voodoo
voracious	kyltymätön
vortex	pyörre
vote	äänestys
voter	äänestäjä
voting	äänestys
votive	kynttilälyhty
vouch	taata jk
voucher	tosite
vow	vala
vowel	vokaali
voyage	matka
voyager	matkaaja
voyeur	tirkistelijä
vulgar	vulgaari
vulgarity	mauttomuus
vulnerability	alttius
vulnerable	haavoittuva
vulture	korppikotka
wacko	wacko
wacky	hassu
wad	pulla
waddle	taaperrus
wade	kahlata
wafer	vohveli
waffle	höpöttää
wag	heiluttaa
wage	palkka
wager	lyödä vetoa
wages	palkat
wagon	vaunut
wail	ulista
waist	vyötärö
waistcoat	liivit
waistline	vyötärölinja
wait	odota
waiter	Tarjoilija
waiting	odotus
waitinggame	NO TRANSLATION
waitress	tarjoilija
waive	luopua
waiver	luopuminen
wake	herätä
walk	kävellä
walker	kävelijä
walking	kävely
walkout	Kävellä ulos
wall	seinä
wallaby	wallaby
wallet	lompakko
wallflower	seinäkoriste
wallop	tälli
wallow	rypeä
wallpaper	tapetti
walnut	saksanpähkinä
walrus	mursu
waltz	valssi
wan	NO TRANSLATION
wand	sauva
wander	vaeltaa
wanderer	vaeltaja
wandering	vaeltava
wane	heiketä
waning	hiipumassa
wanker	runkkari
wannabe	jäljittelijä
wannasleep	NO TRANSLATION
want	haluta
wanting	haluavat
wanton	mieletön
war	sota
warbler	varpuslintu
warcrimes	NO TRANSLATION
ward	osasto
warden	vartija
wardrobe	vaatekaappi
ware	ware
warehouse	varasto
warfare	sodankäynti
warhead	taistelukärki
warlike	sotaisa
warlock	noita
warlord	sotapäällikkö
warm	lämmin
warming	lämpeneminen
warms	lämmittää
warmth	lämpö
warn	varoittaa
warned	varoitti
warning	Varoitus
warp	loimi
warpath	sotapolku
warped	vääntynyt
warrant	oikeuttaa
warranted	perusteltua
warrants	optiotodistuksilla
warranty	takuu
warren	muurahaispesä
warrior	soturi
warship	sotalaiva
wart	syylä
wartime	sota-ajan
wary	varovainen
wash	pestä
washed	pesty
washer	pesukone
washing	pesu
washout	pannukakku
washroom	WC
wasp	ampiainen
waste	jätteet
wastebasket	roskakorissa
wasted	hukkaan
wasteful	tuhlaileva
wasteland	joutomaa
wasting	tuhlaa
watch	katsella
watchdog	vahtikoira
watcher	tarkkailija
watchful	valpas
watchman	NO TRANSLATION
watchout	Varo
watchtower	vartiotorni
water	vesi
water polo	vesipoolo
waterbed	vesisänky
watercourse	vesiväylä
watered	kastellaan
waterfall	vesiputous
waterfront	ranta
watering can	kastelukannu
watermelon	vesimeloni
waterproof	vedenkestävä
waterworks	vesilaitos
watery	vetinen
wave	Aalto
wavelength	aallonpituus
waver	horjua
wavering	viivytellään
waves	aallot
wavy	aaltoileva
wax	vaha
waxed	vahattu
waxy	vahamainen
way	tapa
ways	tapoja
wayward	itsepäinen
weak	heikko
weaken	heikentää
weakened	heikentynyt
weakling	raukka
weakly	heikosti
weakness	heikkous
wealth	rikkaus
wealthy	varakas
weapon	ase
weaponry	aseet
wear	pitää päällä
wearer	käyttäjän
wearily	uupuneesti
weariness	väsymys
wearing	yllään
weary	väsynyt
weasel	lumikko
weather	sää
weathered	haalistua
weatherman	meteorologi
weatherproof	säänkestävä
weave	kutoa
web	verkko
website	verkkosivusto
wed	vihkiä
wedded	aviollinen
wedding	häät
wedge	kiila
wedlock	avioliitto
wee	pissata
weed	rikkaruoho
weeding	kitkeminen
weeds	rikkaruohot
weedy	rikkaruohon peittämä
weeeee	NO TRANSLATION
week	viikko
weekday	arkipäivä
weekend	viikonloppu
weekly	viikoittain
weenie	weenie
weep	itkeä
weeping	itkevä
weeping willow	itkuraita
weepy	itkevä
weigh	punnita
weighing	punnitus
weight	paino
weightless	painoton
weightloss	NO TRANSLATION
weights	painot
weighty	painava
weir	pato
weird	outo
weirdness	weirdness
weirdo	hullu
welcome	Tervetuloa
welcomed	tyytyväinen
welcoming	ystävällinen
weld	hitsaus sauma
welder	hitsaaja
welding	hitsaus
welfare	hyvinvointi
wellhead	venttiilistössä
wellness	hyvinvointi
welsh	Walesin
welt	NO TRANSLATION
wen	NO TRANSLATION
wench	lutka
werewolf	ihmissusi
west	länsi
westbound	länteen päin menevä
western	Läntinen
wet	märkä
wetback	laittomasti maahan tullut meksikolainen
whack	läimäyttää
whale	valas
whaling	valaanpyynti
wham	jysäys
whammy	vahinko
wharf	laituri
whatdoido	NO TRANSLATION
whatif	mitä jos
whatmakesmesmile	NO TRANSLATION
whatnot	ja vaikka mitä
whatsoever	mikä tahansa
whatsthepoint	NO TRANSLATION
wheat	vehnä
wheel	pyörä
wheel barrow	NO TRANSLATION
wheelbarrow	kottikärryt
wheelchair	pyörätuoli
wheels	pyörät
wheeze	pihinä
whelp	penikka
whereabouts	olinpaikka
wherefore	Sentähden
wherewith	millä
wherewithal	varat
whet	teroittaa
whiff	tuulahdus
whilst	kun taas
whim	päähänpisto
whimper	ulista
whimsical	hassu
whimsy	päähänpisto
whine	kitistä
whiny	whiny
whip	ruoska
whiplash	piiskansiima
whipped	lyöty
whirl	pyörre
whirlpool	pyörre
whirlwind	pyörremyrsky
whisk	vispilä
whisker	parta
whiskers	poskiparta
whiskey	viski
whisky	viski
whisper	kuiskaus
whispered	kuiskasi
whistle	pilli
whit	rahtu
white	valkoinen
whitefish	siika
whiteness	valkoisuus
whitewash	peitellä
whitish	valkeahko
whittle	vuolla
whiz	kiitää
whole	koko
wholesale	tukkukauppa
wholesome	terveellinen
wholly	kokonaan
whoo	whoo
whoop	huutaa
whopper	vonkale
whopping	mahtava
whore	huora
whorehouse	ilotalo
wick	sydän
wicked	paha
wickedness	pahuus
wicker	korihuonekalut
wicket	veräjä
wide	leveä
widely	laajalti
widen	laajentaa
widespread	laajalle levinnyt
widow	leski
widowed	leskeksi jäänyt
widower	leski
width	leveys
wield	käytellä
wiener	nakki
wienie	NO TRANSLATION
wife	vaimo
wig	peruukki
wiggle	heiluminen
wight	wight
wiki	wiki
wild	villi
wildcat	villikissa
wildebeest	gnuu
wilderness	erämaa
wildfire	kulo
wildlife	villieläimet
will	tahtoa
willful	tahallinen
willies	hermoille
willing	halukas
willingly	halukkaasti
willingness	halukkuus
willow	paju
willpower	tahdonvoima
wilt	kuihtua
wilted	kuihtunut
wily	ovela
wimp	nynny
wimpy	wimpy
win	voittaa
wince	säpsähtää
winch	vinssi
wind	tuuli
windbag	suupaltti
windfall	pudokas
winding	mutkainen
windmill	tuulimylly
window	ikkuna
windowsill	NO TRANSLATION
windpipe	henkitorvi
windshield	tuulilasi
windy	tuulinen
wine	viini
wine cooler	viininjäähdytin
wing	siipi
winged	siivekäs
winger	laitahyökkääjä
wingman	wingman
wink	vinkki
winner	voittaja
winning	voittoisa
winnings	voitto
wino	NO TRANSLATION
winter	talvi-
winterbreak	NO TRANSLATION
wintertime	talvella
wintery	talvinen
wintry	talvinen
wipe	pyyhkiä
wiper	pyyhin
wire	johdin
wired	kiinteä
wireless	langaton
wiretap	salakuuntelulaite
wiring	johdotus
wis	wis
wisdom	viisaus
wise	viisas
wish	toive
wishbone	toivomusluu
wishful	kaihoisa
wishing	haluaa
wishmeluck	toivota minulle onnea
wisp	häive
wistful	haikea
wit	nokkeluus
witch	noita
witchcraft	noituus
withal	tarveaineiksi
withdraw	peruuttaa
withdrawal	vetäytyminen
withdrawals	nostot
withdrawn	peruutettu
wither	kuihtua
withered	kurttuinen
withering	musertava
withhold	pidättää
withholding	osinkotulojen
withstand	kestää
witless	älytön
witness	todistaja
wits	järki
witty	nokkela
wiz	Wiz
wizard	velho
wobble	vaappua
wobbly	huojuva
woe	murhe
woeful	murheellinen
woefully	valitettavan
wok	wok
wokemeup	NO TRANSLATION
wolf	susi
wolverine	ahma
woman	nainen
womanhood	naisena oleminen
womanizer	naissankari
womanly	naisellinen
womb	kohtu
wonder	ihme
wonderful	ihana
wonderfully	ihanan
wonderment	ihmetys
wondrous	ihmeellinen
wont	NO TRANSLATION
woo	kosiskella
wood	puu
woodcut	puupiirros
wooden	puinen
woodland	metsä
woodlands	metsien
woodpecker	tikka
woods	woods
woodshed	puuliiteri
woodsman	woodsman
woodwork	puutyöt
woody	puumainen
woof	Hau
woohoo	WooHoo
wooing	kosinta
wool	villa-
woolen	villainen
woolly	epämääräinen
woot	woot
woozy	tokkurassa
wop	italiaano
word	sana
wording	sanamuoto
words	sanat
wordy	monisanainen
work	tehdä työtä
workaholic	työnarkomaani
workbook	työkirja
worker	työntekijä
working	työskentely
workings	louhos
workload	työmäärä
workman	työmies
workmanship	ammattitaito
workout	treenata
workplace	työpaikka
works	teokset
workshop	työpaja
workup	pesu
world	maailman-
worldly	maallinen
worldwide	maailmanlaajuinen
worm	mato
wormhole	madonreikä
wormwood	koiruoho
worn	kulunut
worried	huolestunut
worries	huolet
worry	huoli
worrying	huolestuttava
worse	huonompi
worsening	paheneminen
worship	palvonta
worshipful	kunnianarvoisa
worstfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
worth	arvoinen
worthless	arvoton
worthwhile	kannattava
worthy	arvokas
wot	WOT
would	olisi
wound	haava
wounded	haavoittunut
wounding	haavoittaen
wounds	haavat
wracking	raastava
wrangler	riitelijä
wrangling	kinastelu
wrap	kietoa
wrapper	kääre
wrapping	kääre
wrath	viha
wrathful	vihainen
wreak	purkaa
wreath	seppele
wreck	tuhota
wreckage	hylky
wrecked	haaksirikkoutui
wrecker	purkaja
wrench	jakoavain
wrenching	wrenching
wrest	vääntää
wrestle	painia
wrestler	painija
wrestling	paini
wretch	raukka
wretched	kurja
wriggle	kiemurrella
wright	Wright
wring	vääntää
wringer	kuivaustelat
wrinkle	rypistyä
wrinkled	ryppyinen
wrist	ranne
wristband	ranneke
wristwatch	rannekello
writ	haaste
write	kirjoittaa
writer	kirjailija
writing	kirjoittaminen
written	kirjallinen
wrong	väärä
wrongdoing	vääryys
wrongful	laiton
wrongly	väärin
wrought	koristeltu
wry	ironinen
xanax	Xanax
xenophobia	muukalaisviha
xerox	Xerox
xmas	joulu
xoxo	suukkoja ja haleja
yaaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaay	NO TRANSLATION
yacht	jahti
yachting	purjehdus
yahoo	yahoo
yak	jäkättää
yam	jamssi
yank	jenkki
yap	NO TRANSLATION
yard	piha
yarn	lanka
yaw	kallistua
yawn	haukotus
yawning	ammottava
yay	jee
yayy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyyy	NO TRANSLATION
yea	kyllä
yeahhh	yeahhh
yeahhhh	NO TRANSLATION
year	vuosi
yearbook	vuosikirja
yearling	yksivuotias
yearly	vuosittain
yearn	kaivata
yearning	kaipuu
years	vuotta
yeast	hiiva
yehey	NO TRANSLATION
yell	huutaa
yeller	temperamenttikko
yelling	huutaa
yellow	keltainen
yellows	keltaiset
yelp	älähtää
yen	jeni
yeoman	vapaa talonpoika
yesss	yesss
yessss	yessss
yesterday	eilen
yesteryear	mennyt vuosi
yew	marjakuusi
yey	NO TRANSLATION
yield	tuotto
yielding	tuottaen
yo-yo	NO TRANSLATION
yodel	jodlaus
yoga	jooga
yogi	joogi
yogurt	jogurtti
yoke	ies
yolk	keltuainen
yon	NO TRANSLATION
yonder	tuolla
young	nuori
younger	nuoremmat
youngster	nuorukainen
yousuck	sinä olet syvältä
youth	nuoret
youthful	nuorekas
yucky	ällöttävä
yuletide	yuletide
yummy	namia
yuppie	juppi
zany	hassu
zap	nitistää
zeal	into
zealot	fanaatikko
zealous	innokas
zebra	seepra
zen	zen
zenith	zeniitti
zephyr	tuulenhenkäys
zeppelin	zeppeliini
zest	kuori
zesty	zesty
zeta	zeta
zigzag	siksak-
zilch	ei mitään
zillion	hirveän paljon
zinc	sinkki
zing	NO TRANSLATION
zip	postinumero
zipper	vetoketju
zippy	pirteä
zit	NO TRANSLATION
zodiac	eläinrata
zombie	zombie
zone	vyöhyke
zoning	kaavoitus
zoo	eläintarha
zoological	eläintieteellinen
zoology	eläintiede
zoom	Zoomaus
zucchini	kesäkurpitsa
