Word	gd
aaaaaaah	aaaaaaah
aaaah	NO TRANSLATION
aardvark	aardvark
aback	s an Iar-
abacus	abacus
abalone	air bheag
abandon	thrèig
abandoned	thrèigte
abandonment	thrèigsinn
abashed	sgaoileadh
abate	tighinn
abatement	sgaoileadh
abba	abba
abbey	abaid
abbot	NO TRANSLATION
abbreviate	s an Iar-
abbreviation	giorrachadh
abdomen	abdomen
abdominal	bhoilg
abduct	smuaineachadh
abduction	a 'goid
aberrant	s an Iar-
aberration	ionaltradh
abeyance	stad
abhor	gràin
abhorrence	gràdh
abhorrent	sàmhach
abide	cumail suas
abiding	fuireach
ability	comas
abject	air falbh
ablation	ablation
ablaze	fuasgladh
able	comasach
abnormal	neo-àbhaisteach
abnormality	neo-àbhaisteach
aboard	air bòrd
abode	fuireach
abolish	cur às dha
abolition	cur às dha
abominable	gràineil
abominate	gràineil
abomination	gràineileachd
aboriginal	tùsanach
abort	stad
abortion	gort
abortive	sguir
abound	mòran
abovementioned	air an ainmeachadh
abracadabra	abracadabra
abrasion	ionnsaigh
abrasive	sgiobalta
abreast	an-diugh
abroad	thall thairis
abrogate	ath-ghairm
abrupt	brusnach
abruptly	ainneamh
abscess	abscess
absence	neo-làthaireachd
absent	neo-làthaireach
absentee	neo-làthaireach
absenteeism	neo-làthaireachd
absinthe	s an Iar-
absolute	iomlan
absolution	absolution
absolve	dìoghaltas
absorb	sguabadh às
absorbed	sgaoileadh
absorbent	sgaoileadh
absorbing	a 'gabhail a-steach
absorption	iongnadh
abstain	abstain
abstention	gealladh
abstinence	dìoghaltas
abstract	abairtean
abstraction	tarraing
absurd	annasach
absurdity	annasach
abundance	pailteas
abundant	pailteas
abuse	mì-ghnàthachadh
abused	mì-ghnàthachadh
abusive	mì-ghnàthach
abutment	sgaoileadh
aby	NO TRANSLATION
abysmal	dìomhaireachd
abyss	abyss
academic	acadaimigeach
academy	acadamaidh
accede	aontaich
accelerant	luathachadh
accelerate	luathaich
accelerated	luathaichte
acceleration	luathachadh
accelerator	luathadair
accent	accent
accentuate	ag atharrachadh
accept	gabhail
acceptable	iomchaidh
acceptance	gabhail ris
acceptances	gabhail ris
access	ruigsinneachd
accessible	ruigsinneach
accession	ruigsinneachd
accessory	uisge
accident	tubaist
accidental	tubaist
accidentally	gu dona
acclaim	cliù
accolade	s an Iar-
accommodate	gabh àite
accommodation	àite-fuirich
accompaniment	coise
accompany	gabh còmhla
accompanying	a 'dol còmhla
accomplice	coimheach
accomplish	deàrn
accomplished	air a choileanadh
accomplishment	coileanadh
accord	bòrd
accordance	rèir
accordion	bogsa-ciùil
account	cunntas
accountability	cunntachalachd
accountable	cunntachail
accountant	cunntasach
accounting	cunntasachd
accounts	cunntasan
accredited	dearbhaichte
accretion	creachadh
accrue	a 'fàs
accueil	NO TRANSLATION
accumulate	cruinneachadh
accumulation	cruinneachadh
accuracy	cruinneas
accurate	ceart
accursed	mallaichte
accusation	casaid
accusative	cùis-laghail
accuse	casaid
accused	a chaidh a chasaid
accuser	neach-casaid
accusing	a 'cur an cèill
accustomed	cleachdte
ace	ace
acetic	acetic
acetylene	acetylene
ache	diadhaidh
achieve	coileanadh
achieved	air a choileanadh
achievement	coileanadh
aching	a 'caoidh
achy	achy
acid	acid
acidity	acfhainn
acknowledge	ag aithneachadh
acknowledged	ag aithneachadh
acknowledgement	aideachadh
acknowledgment	aideachadh
acme	acme
acne	acne
acorn	dearcan
acoustic	acoustic
acoustics	acoustics
acquaint	eòlach
acquaintance	eòlach
acquainted	eòlach
acquiescence	eòlas
acquire	faighinn
acquiring	faighinn
acquisition	togail
acquisitions	togail
acquit	dìoghaltas
acquittal	sgaoileadh
acre	acair
acreage	acreage
acres	acair
acrobat	acrobat
acrylic	acrylic
act	act
acting	cleasachd
action	gnìomh
action figure	àireamh gnìomha
actionable	gnìomhach
activate	gnìomhaich
activation	gnìomhachd
active	gnìomhach
activist	gnìomhaiche
activity	gnìomhachd
actor	actar
actress	bana-chleasaiche
actual	fìor
actuality	Truailleadh
actuary	actuary
acuity	giùlan
acumen	acumen
acupuncture	acupuncture
acute	acute
acutely	gu math
ad	ad
adage	adage
adamant	s an Iar-
adapt	atharrachadh
adaptable	sùbailte
adaptation	atharrachadh
add	cuir
added	a bharrachd
addendum	addendum
adder	nathair
addict	ionnsaigh
addicted	glic
addiction	fulangas
addictive	duilich
addition	a bharrachd
additional	a bharrachd
additive	sgaoileadh
address	seòladh
addressee	neach-amharc
addresses	seòlaidhean
adept	sgiobalta
adequacy	freagarrachd
adequate	iomchaidh
adhere	cumail
adherence	cumail a 'dol
adherent	sgaoileadh
adhering	cumail suas
adhesion	adhesion
adhesive	gluasaid
adieu	adieu
adipose	adipose
adjacency	dlùth
adjacent	ri taobh
adjective	buadhair
adjoining	ri taobh
adjourn	ath-ghoirid
adjournment	ath-thagradh
adjudicate	breithneachadh
adjudication	breithneachadh
adjunct	sgaoileadh
adjust	atharrachadh
adjuster	Adhar Soilleir
adjustment	atharrachadh
adjuvant	adjuvant
admin	rianachd
administer	rianachd
administration	rianachd
administrative	rianachd
administrator	rianadair
admirable	iongantach
admiral	admiral
admiralty	geàrdachd
admiration	s an Iar-
admire	admire
admired	deònach
admirer	admirer
admiring	deònach
admissibility	ceadaichte
admissible	ceadaichte
admission	steach
admit	aideachadh
admittance	adhair
admitted	steach
admitting	ag aontachadh
admixture	meudachadh
admonition	aideachadh
ado	aodach
adobe	adobe
adolescence	òigeachd
adolescent	òigridh
adopt	gabhail ris
adoption	uchd-mhacachd
adoptive	gabhail ris
adorable	ion-mholaidh
adoration	adhair
adore	aoradh
adoring	adoring
adorn	sgeadachadh
adornment	sgeadachadh
adrenalin	adrenalin
adrenaline	adrenaline
adrift	aodach
adult	inbheach
adulterated	adhbhrachadh
adulterer	ag adhbhrachadh
adultery	adhaltranas
adulthood	adulthood
advance	ro-làimh
advanced	adhartach
advancement	adhartachadh
advancing	ag adhartachadh
advantage	buannachd
advantageous	buannachdail
advent	tighinn
adventure	dànachd
adventurer	dànadair
adventures	eachdraidhean
adventurous	èibhinn
adversary	adversary
adverse	dona
adversity	duilgheadas
advertise	sanasachd
advertisement	sanas
advertising	sanasachd
adverts	sanasan
advice	comhairle
advisable	moladh
advise	comhairleachadh
advised	chomhairle
advisement	comhairleachadh
adviser	comhairliche
advisor	comhairliche
advisory	comhairleachaidh
advocacy	tagradh
advocate	tagraiche
aegis	aegis
aeration	aerachadh
aerial	air adhart
aerobics	aerobics
aerodrome	aerodrome
aerodynamic	Air adhart
aerodynamics	aerodynamics
aeronautics	aeronautics
aeroplane	air plèana
aerospace	aerospace
aesthetic	ealain
aesthetics	aibhneas
aetiology	eòlas
afar	air falbh
affable	bòidheach
affair	affair
affect	buaidh
affecting	a 'toirt buaidh air
affection	gràdh
affectionate	gràdhach
affections	aodach
affiche	NO TRANSLATION
affidavit	dearbh-sgrìobhte
affiliated	co-cheangailte
affiliation	ceangal
affinity	càirdeas
affirm	dearbhaich
affirmation	dearbhadh
affirmative	dearbhach
affirmatively	dearbhach
affix	s an Iar-
afflict	a 'giùlan
afflicted	s an Iar-
affliction	trioblaid
affluence	beairteas
affluent	beairteach
afford	cosgais
affordable	ruigsinneach
affront	aodach
affronted	s an Iar-
afield	air falbh
afire	adhartachadh
afloat	sgaoileadh
afore	air thoiseach
aforementioned	air ainmeachadh
aforesaid	air a ràdh
afraid	eagal
afresh	as ùr
african	african
aft	aft
afterlife	às dèidh beatha
aftermath	às dèidh sin
afternoon	feasgar
aftershave	às dèidh sin
aftertaste	air adhart
afterthought	air adhart
aga	NO TRANSLATION
agape	agape
agate	agate
age	aois
aged	aois
agency	buidheann
agenda	clàr-gnothaich
agent	àidseant
agglomeration	sgoltadh
aggravate	ag ionaltradh
aggravated	gann
aggravates	aggravates
aggravating	ag ionaltradh
aggravation	ag èigheachadh
aggregate	iomlan
aggregation	cruinneachadh
aggresive	NO TRANSLATION
aggression	ionnsaigh
aggressive	ionnsaigheach
aggressively	ionnsaigheach
aggressiveness	ionnsaigheachd
aggressor	ionnsaigh
agh	agh
aghast	aghast
aghhh	NO TRANSLATION
agile	èibhinn
agility	agility
aging	aosta
agitate	ag èisdeachd
agitated	sgaoileadh
agitation	aimhreit
aglow	aglow
agnostic	agnostic
ago	air ais
agonizing	ag ionndrainn
agony	agony
agoraphobia	agoraphobia
agree	aontachadh
agreeable	aontaichte
agreed	aontaichte
agreeing	ag aontachadh
agreement	aonta
agressive	NO TRANSLATION
agricultural	àiteachas
agriculture	àiteachas
aground	air tìr
agua	NO TRANSLATION
ahead	air adhart
ahhh	ahhh
ahhhhhhhh	NO TRANSLATION
ahoy	ahoy
aid	cuideachadh
aide	aide
aiding	a 'cuideachadh
aids	cuideachadh
ail	ail
ailing	air adhart
ailment	tinneas
aim	ag amas
aimless	aimless
air	air
airbag	airbag
airborne	air adhair
aircraft	plèanaichean
aircraft carrier	giùlain phlèanaichean
airfield	raon adhair
airhead	airhead
airlift	airlift
airline	loidhne-adhair
airliner	inneal-adhair
airlock	airlock
airman	adhair
airplane	air plèana
airport	port-adhair
airs	airs
airship	airship
airspace	airspace
airspeed	airspeed
airstrip	airstrip
airtight	air ais
airway	airway
aisle	trannsa
ait	NO TRANSLATION
ajar	NO TRANSLATION
aka	aka
akin	coltach
alabaster	alabastar
alarm	eagal
alarm clock	cloc eagal
alarmed	eagal
alarming	èibhinn
alas	alas
alb	NO TRANSLATION
albatross	albatross
albino	albino
album	album
alchemy	alchemy
alcohol	deoch làidir
alcoholic	deoch làidir
alcoholism	deoch-làidir
alcove	alcove
alderman	alderman
ale	NO TRANSLATION
alert	rabhadh
alertness	rabhadh
alerts	rabhaidhean
alfalfa	alfalfa
algebra	algebra
algebraic	ailseabra
algorithm	algorithm
alias	alias
alibi	alibi
alien	alien
alienate	eilthireachd
alienated	mach air ais
alienation	coimheachadh
alight	air adhart
align	co-thaobhadh
aligned	co-thaobhadh
alignment	co-thaobhadh
alike	araon
alimentation	NO TRANSLATION
alimony	s an Iar-
aliquot	amannan
alive	beò
alkali	alcalà
alkaloids	alcalòidean
allay	atharrachadh
allegation	casaid
allege	ag ràdh
alleged	agairt
allegiance	dìlseachd
allegorical	sgaoileadh
allegory	callachd
allegro	allegro
allergic	aillse
allergy	aileagsaidh
alleviate	lùghdaich
alleviation	lèirmheas
alley	rathad
alleyway	coiseachd
alliance	caidreachas
allied	càirdeas
alligator	ailigator
allocate	sgaoileadh
allocation	riarachadh
allot	sgaoileadh
allotment	sgoltadh
allow	ceadachadh
allowable	ceadaichte
allowance	cuibhreann
allowed	ceadaichte
alloy	alloy
allsmiles	NO TRANSLATION
allure	s an Iar-
alluring	buannachdail
allusion	sgaoileadh
alluvial	aluvial
ally	allaidh
almanac	almanac
almighty	uile-chumhachdach
almond	almond
aloft	air adhart
aloha	aloha
alone	aonar
alongside	ri taobh
aloof	air falbh
aloud	a-muigh
alpha	alpha
alphabet	aibidil
alphabetical	aibidil
alpine	alpach
alreadyyyyy	saoghail
altar	altair
altar boy	balach altair
alter	atharrachadh
alteration	atharrachadh
altercation	atharrachadh
altered	atharrachadh
alternate	alternach
alternating	alternating
alternative	eile
altimeter	altimeter
altitude	àirde
alto	àrd
altogether	gu tur
aluminum	aluminium
alumnus	alumnus
alveolar	alveolar
alzheimers	NO TRANSLATION
amalgam	Amalgam
amalgamation	amalachadh
amaretto	amaretto
amass	amass
amateur	amateur
amaze	iongantas
amazed	s iongnadh
amazedness	NO TRANSLATION
amazement	iongnadh
amazing	iongantach
amazingly	iongantach
ambassador	tosgaire
amber	amber
ambience	saoghal
ambient	s an Iar-
ambiguity	dìomhaireachd
ambiguous	d'a-sheaghach
ambit	àrd-amas
ambition	miann-adhartais
ambitious	àrd-amas
ambivalent	ioma-fhillte
ambrosia	ambrosia
ambulance	carbad-eiridinn
ambush	luachairt
ameliorate	a 'fàs nas fheàrr
amen	amen
amenable	tha e comasach
amend	atharrachadh
amendment	atharrachadh
amends	ag atharrachadh
amenity	goireasan
amethyst	amethyst
amiable	gàirdeil
amicable	dèidheil
amid	amid
amidst	amidst
amino	amino
ammo	ammo
ammonia	ammonia
ammonium	ammonium
ammunition	armachd
amnesia	amnesia
amnesty	amnesty
amorous	annasach
amorphous	annasach
amortization	amortachadh
amount	suim
amour	NO TRANSLATION
amp	amp
ampersand	sgaoileadh
amphetamines	amphetamines
amphibian	muir-thìrich
amphibious	sneachda
amphitheater	amphitheatar
ample	farsaingeachd
amplification	leudachadh
amplify	amplachadh
amplitude	amplitude
amply	gu mòr
amputate	sgaoileadh
amputation	amputation
amuck	fiù
amulet	amulet
amuse	cleasachd
amused	air am meas
amusement	spòrs
amusing	èibhinn
ana	NO TRANSLATION
anaconda	anaconda
anaesthesia	anesthesia
anaesthetic	anesthetic
anagram	anagram
anal	anal
analgesic	Anailseach
analogous	coltach
analogue	analogue
analogy	ionnanachd
analysis	anailis
analyst	anailisiche
analytic	anailis
analytical	anailis
analyze	anailis a dhèanamh
analyzer	anailisiche
anaphylactic	anaphylactic
anarchism	anarchism
anarchist	anarchist
anarchy	anarchy
anastomosis	anastomosis
anathema	anathema
anatomic	anatomic
anatomy	anatomy
ancestor	sinnsear
ancestral	sinnsearachd
ancestry	sinnsearachd
anchor	ancaire
anchorage	acarsaid
ancient	seann
ancillary	ancillary
androgen	androgen
android	agusroid
anecdote	naidheachd èibhinn
anemia	anemia
anemic	anemic
anemone	anemone
anesthesia	anesthesia
anesthesiologist	anesthesiologist
anesthetic	anesthetic
aneurysm	aneurysm
anew	a-rithist
angel	aingeal
angelic	angelic
anger	fearg
angered	angered
angermanagement	NO TRANSLATION
angina	angina
angiogram	angiogram
angiography	angiography
angle	ceàrn
angling	iasgach
angora	angora
angriest	anabarrach
angry	feargach
angrytweet	NO TRANSLATION
angst	angst
anguish	anguish
anguished	èibhinn
angular	angular
anhydrous	anhydrous
animal	beathach
animate	beothachadh
animated	beòthaichte
animation	beothachadh
animosity	beothalachd
animus	beothalachd
ankle	adhbrann
anklet	anklet
annals	annallan
annex	annex
annexation	annexation
annexe	NO TRANSLATION
annihilate	annihilate
annihilated	air a dhìteadh
annihilation	annihilation
anniversary	ceann-bliadhna
annotate	annotate
annotation	notaichean
announce	innse
announcement	sgaoileadh
announcer	neach-gairm
annoy	duilich
annoyance	eagal
annoyed	eagal
annoyin	NO TRANSLATION
annoying	duilich
annoys	annasach
annual	bliadhnail
annuity	bliadhna-bliadhna
annul	neul
annular	bliadhnail
annulment	neonachadh
annulus	annulus
anointed	anointed
anointing	anointing
anomalous	anomalous
anomaly	anomallachd
anon	anon
anonymity	gun urra
anonymous	gun urra
anorexic	anorexic
answer	freagairt
answerable	freagrach
answering	freagairt
ant	ant
antagonism	an-aghaidh
antagonist	an-aghaidh
antagonistic	eachdraidheil
antagonize	s an Iar-
ante	NO TRANSLATION
antecedent	ro-làimh
antelope	antelope
antenna	antenna
anterior	anterior
anthem	anam
anthill	anthill
anthology	aithris
anthrax	anthrax
anthropological	anthropological
anthropologist	anthropologist
anthropology	an-eòlas
anti	an-aghaidh
antiaircraft	antiaircraft
antibiotic	antibiotic
antibiotics	antibiotics
antichrist	antichrist
anticipate	sùileachadh
anticipation	sùileachadh
anticipatory	sùileachadh
antics	aodach
antidote	antidote
antifungal	antifungal
antigravity	ainneartachd
antimony	antimony
antipathy	mì-mhodhail
antiquarian	àrsaidh
antiquated	àrsaidh
antique	seann làraichean
antiques	seann rudan
antiquity	seannachd
antiseptic	antiseptic
antisocial	mì-shòisealta
antithesis	s an Iar-
antithetical	mì-ghnàthach
antiviral	antiviral
antler	aodach
antsy	antsy
anus	anus
anvil	anvil
anxiety	iomagain
anxietyattack	NO TRANSLATION
anxious	draghail
anxiousness	iomagain
anytime	aig àm sam bith
aorta	aorta
aortic	aortic
apace	air adhart
apache	apache
apartment	seòmar
apartments	seòmraichean
apathetic	s an Iar-
apathy	dìomhaireachd
ape	Aiseag
aperture	fosgladh
apex	Aodach
aphid	aodach
aphrodisiac	aphrodisiac
apiece	pìos
aplomb	s an Iar-
apocalypse	apocalypse
apocalyptic	taic
apologetic	leisgeul
apologist	apologist
apologize	gabh dragh
apology	leisgeul
apostasy	apostasy
apostate	ionnsaigh
apostle	abstol
apostolic	abstoil
apostrophe	abairtean
apothecary	leigheas
appalled	sàmhach
appalling	anabarrach
apparatus	uidheamachd
apparel	èideadh
apparent	nochd
apparently	a rèir coltais
apparition	fhaireachdainnean
appeal	ath-thagradh
appear	nochdadh
appearance	nochdadh
appease	sìtheachadh
appellant	appellant
append	ath-sgrìobhadh
appendage	ath-sgrìobhadh
appendectomy	appendectomy
appendicitis	apiticitis
appendix	pàipear-taice
appetite	biadh
appetizer	biadh
appetizing	èibhinn
applaud	moladh
applause	bòidheach
apple	ùbhlan
apple juice	sùgh ùbhlan
applejack	applejack
applesauce	ùbhlan
appliance	inneal
appliances	innealan
applicability	applicability
applicable	iomchaidh
applicant	tagraiche
application	iarrtas
apply	cuir a-steach
appoint	dreuchd
appointment	dreuchd
appointments	dreuchdan
apportion	roinn
apportionment	roinnidh
appraisal	measadh
appraise	measaidh
appreciable	measail
appreciate	meas
appreciated	meas
appreciates	meas
appreciation	meas
appreciative	measail
apprehend	a 'glacadh
apprehension	faireachdainn
apprehensive	èibhinn
apprentice	phreantas
apprenticeship	preantasachd
approach	dòigh-obrach
approaching	tighinn dlùth
approbate	NO TRANSLATION
approbation	aonta
appropriate	iomchaidh
appropriation	aplacaid
approval	aonta
approve	aonta
approved	aontaichte
approvement	aonta
approving	ag aontachadh
approximate	tuairmse
approximately	mu thimcheall
approximating	a 'tighinn timcheall
approximation	tuairmseachadh
appurtenances	companaidhean
apricot	apricot
apron	apron
apt	apt
aptitude	sgileil
aqua	uisge
aquamarine	aquamarine
aquarium	uisgeachan
aquatic	uisge
aqueduct	uisge-uisge
aqueous	uisgeach
arable	àitich
arbiter	arbiter
arbitrary	gun teagamh
arbitrate	sgaoileadh
arbitration	rèiteachadh
arbitrator	neach-riaghlaidh
arbor	arbor
arc	arc
arcade	arc
arcane	dìomhair
arch	bogha
archaeological	arceòlasach
archaeologist	arceòlaiche
archaeology	arceòlas
archaic	archaic
archangel	archangel
archbishop	àrd-easbaig
archdiocese	archdiocese
archduke	archduke
arched	bogha
archer	boghadair
archery	boghadaireachd
archetype	archetype
archipelago	eileanan
architect	ailtire
architectural	ailtireachd
architecture	ailtireachd
archive	tasglann
arctic	ealain
ardent	èibhinn
ardor	ardor
arduous	èibhinn
area	sgìre
arena	arena
areola	areola
areyoukidding	NO TRANSLATION
areyoukiddingme	NO TRANSLATION
argent	NO TRANSLATION
argh	air
arghh	NO TRANSLATION
arghhhh	NO TRANSLATION
argue	argamaid
argument	argamaid
argumentation	argamaid
argumentative	argamaid
arguments	argamaidean
arid	arid
arise	èirich
aristocracy	uaisleachd
aristocrat	aristocrat
aristocratic	aristocratach
arithmetic	àireamhachd
ark	ark
arm	armachd
armada	armada
armament	armachd
armaments	armachd
armature	gàirdeachas
armchair	saighdear
armed	armachd
armor	armachd
armored	armachd
armory	armachd
armpit	armpit
arms	armachd
army	arm
aroma	aroma
aromatherapy	aromatherapy
arousal	s an Iar-
arouse	èisdeachd
aroused	aroused
arraignment	sìorrachd
arrange	cuir air dòigh
arranged	òrdugh
arrangement	rèiteachadh
array	sreath
arrears	fiachan
arrest	a chur an grèim
arrhythmia	arrhythmia
arrival	tighinn
arrive	tighinn
arrogance	anabarrach
arrogant	àrdanach
arrow	saighead
arsehole	arsehole
arseholes	arseholes
arsenal	arsenal
arsenic	arsainic
arson	losgadh
arsonist	fiodhaich
art	ealain
arterial	arterial
artery	artery
artful	ealain
arthritis	airtritis
arthropod	arthropod
artichoke	artichoke
article	artaigil
articles	artaigilean
articulate	sgaoileadh
articulation	sgaoileadh
artifact	ealain
artifice	ealain
artificial	fuadain
artillery	gunnaireachd
artisan	ciùird
artist	ealain
artiste	NO TRANSLATION
artistic	ealain
artistry	ealain
artists	ealain
artwork	obair ealain
arty	arty
asap	asap
asbestos	asbestos
ascend	ascend
ascendancy	àrdachadh
ascendant	sgaoileadh
ascending	a 'dìreadh
ascension	ascension
ascent	dìreadh
ascertain	faighinn a-mach
ascertained	faighinn a-mach
ascetic	ascetic
ash	ash
ashamed	nàire
ashes	luaithre
ashtray	bhothadh
asinine	asinine
ask	faighnich
asleeep	NO TRANSLATION
asleep	na chadal
asp	asp
asparagus	asparagus
aspartame	aspartame
aspect	taobh
aspects	roinnean
aspen	crann
asphalt	asphalt
asphyxia	asphyxia
asphyxiation	co-ionnanachd
aspiration	miann
aspire	aspire
aspirin	aspirin
aspiring	ag iarraidh
ass	asal
assail	sàbhaladh
assailant	assailant
assassin	murt
assassinate	marbh
assassination	murt
assault	ionnsaigh
assay	assay
assemblage	assemblage
assemble	cruinneachadh
assembled	cruinneachadh
assembly	co-chruinneachadh
assemblyman	neach-cruinneachaidh
assent	aonta
assert	a 'dearbhadh
asserting	ag ràdh
assertion	assertion
assertive	assertive
assess	measadh
assessment	measadh
assessor	measadair
asset	maoin
assets	maoin
asshole	asshole
assign	sònrachadh
assignee	sneachdaiche
assignment	sònrachadh
assimilate	co-chothromachadh
assimilation	co-ionnanachd
assist	cuideachadh
assistance	cuideachadh
assistant	neach-cuideachaidh
associate	co-cheangailte
association	comann
assorted	mòran
assortment	mòran
assuage	assuage
assume	gabh
assumed	gabhail ris
assuming	a 'gabhail ris
assumption	gabhail ris
assurance	gealltanas
assure	dèanamh cinnteach
assured	cinnteach
assuredly	gu cinnteach
asterisk	rionnag
asteroid	asteroid
asteroids	asteroids
asthma	asthma
asthmatic	asthmatic
astigmatism	astigmatism
astonish	iongnadh
astonished	iongantach
astonishing	iongantach
astonishingly	NO TRANSLATION
astonishment	iongnadh
astound	s an Iar-
astral	astral
astray	sabaid
astringent	sèididh
astrologer	astrologer
astrology	astrology
astronaut	astronut
astronomer	eòlaiche
astronomical	saidheans
astronomy	saidheans
astute	sàmhach
asunder	s an Iar-
asylum	tèarmann
asymmetric	neo-chunbhalach
asymmetry	neo-chunbhalachd
asymptotic	asymptotic
atelier	Atelier
atheism	Atheism
atheist	Aiseag
atheistic	aigheist
atherosclerosis	atherosclerosis
athlete	lùth-chleasaiche
athletic	lùth-chleasachd
athleticism	lùth-chleasachd
athletics	lùth-chleasachd
atlas	atlas
atmosphere	àile
atmospheric	àile
atoll	Atoll
atom	Atom
atomic	Atomic
atone	aigone
atonement	rèiteachadh
atpeace	aig an aon àm
atrium	atrium
atrocious	uamhasach
atrocity	aimhreit
atrophy	sneachda
attach	ceangal
attached	ceangailte
attachment	ceangail
attack	ionnsaigh
attacker	ionnsaigh
attacking	ionnsaigh
attain	coileanadh
attainable	ruigsinn
attainment	coileanadh
attempt	feuch
attempted	oidhirp
attend	frithealadh
attendance	frithealadh
attendant	neach-frithealaidh
attention	aire
attentionseeker	NO TRANSLATION
attentionseekers	NO TRANSLATION
attentive	furachail
attenuate	sìor fhàs
attenuated	air a ghluasad
attenuation	lobhadh
attest	dearbhadh
attestation	dearbhadh
attic	lobhta
attire	aodach
attitude	beachdan
attorney	neach-lagha
attract	tàladh
attraction	tàladh
attractive	tlachdmhor
attractiveness	tarraingteach
attributable	a tha buailteach
attribute	adhbhar
attribution	s an Iar-
attrition	miannachadh
auburn	auburn
auction	rup
auctioneer	rupaire
audacious	èibhinn
audacity	èisdeachd
audible	cluinntinn
audience	luchd-amais
audio	claistinneach
audit	sgrùdadh
audition	deuchainn
auditions	deuchainnean
auditor	sgrùdaiche
auditorium	sgrùdadh
auditory	sgrùdadh
aught	aught
augment	meudachadh
augmentation	meudachadh
august	An Lùnastal
aunt	piuthar
auntie	piuthar
aura	aura
aurora	aurora
auspices	auspices
auspicious	taiceil
austere	austere
austerity	cruaidh
authentic	ceart
authenticate	dearbhadh
authentication	dearbhadh
authenticity	dearbhadh
author	ùghdar
authoritative	ùghdarrasach
authority	ùghdarras
authorization	ùghdarras
authorize	ùghdarrachadh
authorized	ùghdarraichte
authorship	authorship
autism	autism
autistic	uathachasach
auto	uidheamachd
autobiographical	fèin-eachdraidh
autobiography	fèin-eachdraidh
autocorrect	autocorrect
autocratic	fèin-riaghladh
autograph	autograph
autographed	fèin-ghluasad
automated	fèin-ghluasadach
automatic	fèin-ghluasadach
automobile	carbad
automotive	uidheamachd
autonomy	fèin-riaghladh
autopilot	fèin-riaghlaidh
autopsy	autopsy
autumn	foghar
auxiliary	taiceil
avail	buannachd
availability	ri fhaighinn
available	ri fhaighinn
avalanche	aibhlanche
avarice	gàire
avatar	avatar
avenge	dìoghaltas
avenger	dìoghaltas
avenging	dìoghaltas
avenue	slighe
aver	NO TRANSLATION
average	cuibheasach
aversation	NO TRANSLATION
averse	averse
averseness	aodach
aversion	aversion
avert	fàgail
aviary	aviary
aviation	adhair
aviator	air adhart
avid	avid
avocado	avocado
avoid	seachain
avoidance	seachnadh
avoiding	a 'seachnadh
await	feitheamh
awake	dùisg
awaken	dùisg
awakening	dùsgadh
award	duais
awards	duaisean
aware	mothachail
awareness	mothachadh
awe	NO TRANSLATION
awed	aodach
awesome	fìor mhath
awesomeness	uamhasach
awestruck	sneachda
awful	uamhasach
awkward	neònach
awkwardness	neònach
awning	aodach
awry	uiridh
axe	tuagh
axial	axial
axiom	axiom
axiomatic	axiomatic
axis	axis
axle	axle
ay	ay
aye	aye
azimuth	azimuth
azure	bòidheach
babble	bualadh
babbling	sgaoileadh
babe	leanabh
baboon	baboon
baby	leanabh
babysit	sneachda
babysitter	pàisdear
baccalaureate	bacadhlaureate
baccarat	baccarat
bachelor	seann-ghille
bachelorette	bachelorette
back	air ais
backboard	bòrd-cùil
backbone	cnàimh-droma
backdoor	air ais
backdrop	cùl-raon
backer	taiceil
backfire	air ais
backgammon	sgaoileadh
background	cùl-raon
backhand	air ais
backhoe	air ais
backoff	air ais
backpack	air ais
backpacker	paca-droma
backroom	seòmar-cùil
backseat	air ais
backside	backside
backtrack	cùl-taic
backup	cùl-taic
backward	air ais
backwardness	cùl-taic
backwards	air ais
backwater	cùl-uisge
backwoods	coilltean cùil
backyard	clobhsa
bacon	bacon
bacteria	bacteria
bacterial	bacterial
bacterium	bacterium
bad	dona
badass	badass
badday	NO TRANSLATION
badfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
badge	suaicheantas
badger	broc
badhabit	NO TRANSLATION
badly	dona
badness	bochdainn
baffle	baffle
baffled	sgaoileadh
bag	bag
bagel	bagel
baggage	bagannan
baggie	baggie
baggy	bòidheach
bagman	bagman
bagpipes	A' Phìob Mhòr
bail	urras
bailiff	bàillidh
bait	biadhadh
bake	a 'fuine
bakery	bèicearachd
baking	bèicearachd
bal	NO TRANSLATION
balance	cothromachadh
balanced	cothromach
balcony	balcony
bald	maol
balding	balding
baldy	baldy
bale	bale
balk	balk
ball	ball
ballad	ballad
ballast	ballast
ballerina	ballerina
ballet	ballet
ballgame	ball-ball
ballistic	ballistic
ballistics	ballistics
balloon	balùn
ballot	ballot
ballpark	ballpark
ballplayer	sgaoileadh
ballpoint	ballpoint
ballroom	seòmar-dannsa
ballsy	ballsy
balm	balm
balmy	balmy
balsam	balsam
balsamic	sgaoileadh
bam	bam
bamboo	bambù
ban	NO TRANSLATION
banana	banana
band	còmhlan
bandage	còmhlan
bandanna	NO TRANSLATION
bandit	bratach
bandstand	còmhlan-ciùil
bandwagon	bandwagon
bandwidth	leud band
bane	bane
bang	bang
banger	banger
banish	crìonadh
banished	air fhuadach
banishment	fuadach
banister	banister
banjo	banjo
bank	banca
banker	bancair
banking	bancaireachd
bankroll	banca
bankrupt	bristeach
bankruptcy	briseadh
banner	bratach
banquet	fèist
banshee	banshee
banter	bualadh
banzai	NO TRANSLATION
baptism	baisteadh
baptismal	baisteadh
baptize	baisteadh
bar	bàr
barb	barb
barbarian	barbarian
barbaric	barbaric
barbarism	barbarism
barbecue	barbecue
barbed	sgiobalta
barber	barbair
barbershop	barbershop
barbie doll	dall barbie
bard	bàrd
bare	lom
bareback	lomadh
barefoot	casruisgte
barely	cha mhòr
barf	barf
bargain	bargan
bargaining	bargaining
barge	barge
baritone	baritone
barium	barium
bark	bark
barkeep	barkeep
barks	barks
barley	eòrna
barmaid	barmaid
barman	barman
barn	sabhal
barnacle	sabhal
barney	barney
barnyard	lios
barometer	barometer
baron	baron
baroness	baroness
baroque	baróc
barrack	bratach
barracuda	barracuda
barrage	barrage
barred	air a thoirmeasg
barrel	baraille
barren	neo-thorrach
barricade	barricade
barrier	bacaidh
barring	bacadh
barrister	barcair
barroom	barroom
barrow	barrow
bartender	bartender
barter	buain
base	bonn
baseball	baseball
baseball bat	bathar baseball
baseboard	baseboard
baseless	bonnless
baseline	bun-loidhne
baseman	bòidheach
basement	ìosal
bases	ionadan
bash	bash
bashful	bòidheach
basic	bunaiteach
basics	bunaitean
basil	basil
basilica	basilica
basin	basin
basis	stèidh
bask	bask
basket	basgaid
basketball	ball-basgaid
bass	bass
bass guitar	giotàr bas
basso	NO TRANSLATION
bassoon	bassoon
bastard	bòidheach
bastarding	a 'creidsinn
bastards	bataichean
bastion	bastion
bat	ialt
batch	bat
batching	batting
bate	NO TRANSLATION
bath	bath
bathe	bathe
bathhouse	taigh-bath
bathing	a 'snàmh
bathrobe	bathrobe
bathroom	Taigh-beag
bathtub	bathtub
bathymetry	bathymetry
baton	bata
battalion	batalion
batter	batter
battered	air a chasg
battering	battering
battery	bataraidh
battle	blàr
battled	sabaid
battlefield	àrach
battleground	raon cath
battlements	caisealan
battleship	sabaid
batty	bratach
bauble	bauble
bawdy	cawdy
bawl	bawl
bay	bàgh
bayonet	bayonet
bayou	Bàrdachd
bazaar	bazaar
bazooka	bazooka
bday	bday
be	a bhith
beach	tràigh
beaches	tràighean
beacon	beacon
bead	bead
beading	beading
beads	grìogagan
beady	beady
beagle	beagle
beak	gob
beaker	beiche
beam	beam
beaming	sgaoileadh
bean	bean
beanbag	bèiceag
beanie	beanidh
bear	iomair
bearable	bearable
beard	feusag
bearded	feusagach
bearer	neach-iomraidh
bearing	a 'giùlan
bearings	iomraidhean
bearish	s an Iar-
bearskin	searskin
beast	beathach
beastly	beathach
beat	buille
beaten	sgaoileadh
beater	sgaoileadh
beating	beating
beatnik	beatnik
beau	beau
beautification	bòidhchead
beautiful	bòidheach
beautify	bòidhchead
beauty	bòidhchead
beaver	bìobhair
bebop	bebop
beck	beck
beckon	beckon
become	fàs
bed	leabaidh
bedding	leabaidh
bedpan	bata-leapa
bedrock	creagan leapa
bedroom	seòmar cadail
bedside	taobh leapa
bedspread	leabaidh
bedtime	àm leabaidh
bee	seillean
beef	mairt
beefsteak	beefsteak
beehive	beehive
beep	beep
beeper	beeper
beer	beann
bees	seilleanan
beeswax	cèiseagan
beetle	beetle
befall	tighinn
befitting	deiseil
befriend	càirdeas
befuddled	befuddled
beg	dean
beggar	giotàr
begging	a 'creidsinn
begin	tòiseachadh
beginner	tòiseachaidh
beginning	tòiseachadh
beginnings	tòiseachadh
begrudge	begrudge
begun	tòiseachadh
behappy	NO TRANSLATION
behave	giùlan fhèin
behavior	giùlan
behavioral	giùlan
behemoth	behemoth
behest	feuch
behold	feuch
beholden	feuch
beholder	beholder
beige	beige
belated	sgaoileadh
belay	belay
belch	belch
belief	creideamh
believable	creidsinneach
believe	creidsinn
believed	chreidsinn
believer	creidsinn
believing	creidsinn
belittle	brònach
belittled	saoghail
bell	clag
bellboy	clagan
bellhop	s an Ear-Thuath
belligerent	dìoghaltas
bellman	clagman
bellow	bellow
bellows	sneachda
belly	bolg
bellybutton	imleag
bellyful	bòidheach
belong	buinidh
belongings	seilbh
beloved	gràdh
belt	crios
beluga	beluga
bemused	bemuse
bench	beinn
bend	lùb
bender	bender
bending	lùbadh
beneath	fodha
benedictory	beannaichte
benefactor	thabhartas
beneficial	buannachdail
beneficiary	buannachdail
benefit	buannachd
benevolence	buannachd
benevolent	bòidheach
benign	mì-chinnteach
bent	bent
benzene	bèisein
bequeath	bequeath
bequest	dìleab
bereaved	bàsachadh
bereavement	bàsachadh
bereft	sgaoileadh
beret	beret
bergamot	bergamot
berlin	Berlin
berserk	berserk
berth	bobhla
beryllium	beryllium
beseech	beseech
beset	s an Iar-
bestdayever	s an Ear-Thuath
bestfeeling	saoghail
bestfriends	Na caraidean as fheàrr
bestial	saoghail
besties	saighdearan
bestow	saoghail
bestseller	sgaoileadh
bet	geall
beta	beta
betray	brathadh
betrayal	brathadh
betrayed	brathadh
betrothed	a 'rèiteach
betterment	leasachadh
betting	geataichean
betty	saoghail
bevel	beul
beverage	deoch
bevy	bevy
beware	Bi mothachail
bewilder	bewilder
bewildered	sneachda
bewilderment	bewilderment
bias	bias
biased	deiseil
bib	bib
bible	bìoball
biblical	bìoball
bibliography	bibliography
bicarbonate	bicarbonate
bicentennial	dà cheud bliadhna
biceps	biceps
bicker	bocsair
bickering	sneachda
bicolor	bicolor
bicycle	rothair
bid	bid
bidder	tagraiche
bidding	tagradh
bide	NO TRANSLATION
biennial	dà bhliadhna
bier	NO TRANSLATION
bifurcation	bifurcation
big	mòr
bigamy	bigamy
bigday	Dimàirt
biggestfear	NO TRANSLATION
biggie	biggie
bighorn	bighorn
bigmouth	s an Iar-
bigot	mòr-bhualadh
bigoted	mòr-thionndadh
bigotry	mòr-ghluasad
bike	baidhc
biker	biker
bikini	bikini
bilateral	dà-thaobhach
bilayer	bilayer
bile	bile
bilge	bilge
bilingual	dà-chànanach
bill	bilean
billboard	bòrd
billet	billet
billiard	Billiard
billiards	Billiards
billing	bilean
billion	billean
billionaire	Billionaire
billy	Billy
bimbo	bimbo
bimonthly	dà fhicheadamh bliadhna
bin	bin
binary	dàna
bind	ceangail
binder	ceangail
bindery	ceangail
binding	ceangail
bing	bing
binge	bingeadh
bingo	bingo
binocular	binocular
binoculars	binoculars
binomial	briathrachas
bio	bio
biochemical	bith-cheimigeach
biochemist	bith-cheimigeach
biochemistry	bith-cheimigeachd
biogenesis	biogenesis
biographer	eachdraidh-beatha
biography	eachdraidh
biological	bith-eòlasach
biologist	bith-eòlaiche
biology	bith-eòlas
bionic	bionic
biopsy	biopsy
biosphere	biosphere
bipartite	bipartite
bipolar	bipolar
birch	beithe
bird	eun
birdcage	eòin
birdie	eòin
birdman	eòin
birth	breith
birthday	co-là-breith
birthing	breith
birthmark	ainm breith
birthplace	àite breith
birthright	ceart-breith
bis	NO TRANSLATION
biscuit	briosgaid
bisexual	dà-ghnèitheach
bishop	easbaig
bison	bison
bisque	bisque
bistro	bistro
bit	beagan
bitch	bitch
bitchy	bitchy
bite	bìdeadh
biter	NO TRANSLATION
bitsy	bitsy
bitter	searbh
bitterly	gu searbh
bitterness	searbh
bittersweet	sgaoileadh
bitty	bitty
bitumen	biotag
biweekly	dà-fhichead
biz	biz
bizarre	neònach
blab	sgiob
blabbermouth	sgaoileadh
black	dubh
black snake	nathair dhubh
blackberry	dubh-dubh
blackbird	dubh-dubh
blackboard	bòrd dubh
blacken	dubh
blackface	dubh-dhubh
blackjack	blackjack
blacklist	Liosta dubh
blackmail	ceal dubh
blackmailer	dubh-dubh
blackness	dubh
blackout	dubh-dhubh
blacksmith	gobha
bladder	bladder
blade	lann
blame	coire
blameless	gun chrìochan
bland	bland
blank	bàn
blanket	plaid
blare	air adhart
blase	NO TRANSLATION
blasphemous	a 'blasadachadh
blasphemy	blasphemy
blast	sgaoileadh
blaster	blaster
blastoff	sgaoileadh
blatant	buileach
blather	tha
blaze	sgaoileadh
blazer	blazer
blazing	sneachda
bleach	bleach
bleak	duilich
bleed	bleed
bleeder	sgaoileadh
bleeding	bleeding
bleep	sgaoileadh
blemish	gort
blemished	eucoir
blend	measgachadh
blender	coidseadair
blending	measgachadh
bless	beannaich
blessed	beannaichte
blessing	beannachadh
blessings	beannachdan
bleu	bleu
blight	blight
blighted	sgaoileadh
blimp	blimp
blind	dall
blinded	dall
blindfold	falach
blindfolded	falamh
blinding	blinding
blindly	dall
blindness	dall
blink	blink
blip	blip
bliss	bòidhchead
blissful	bòidheach
blister	blister
blistering	sgaoileadh
blitz	blitz
blizzard	sneachda
bloat	bloat
bloated	blàthachadh
blob	blob
block	bloc
blockade	bacadh
blockage	bacadh
blockbuster	sgaoileadh
blockhead	dùnadh
blog	blog
bloke	bloca
blond	blond
blonde	blonde
blood	fuil
bloodbath	bàthadh fuil
bloodhound	blàthachadh
bloodless	gun fhuil
bloodline	sgaoileadh
bloodshed	falamh fala
bloodshot	sgaoileadh
bloodstream	sruth fala
bloodthirsty	bàis-bàis
bloody	fuilteach
bloom	bloom
bloomers	bloomers
blooming	blooming
blossom	blossom
blot	blot
blotched	sgaoileadh
blotter	blotter
blouse	blouse
blow	sèideadh
blower	sèideadair
blowfish	blowfish
blowing	sèideadh
blowjob	blowjob
blown	sèideadh
blowout	blowout
blowtorch	blowtorch
blubber	blubber
bluddy	bluddy
blue	gorm
blue spruce	spruce gorm
blueberry	lobh-bhreac
bluebird	bluebird
bluegrass	bluegrass
bluejay	bluejay
blueprint	blueprint
blues	blues
bluff	bluff
bluish	bluish
blunder	blunder
blunt	mì-fhortanach
blur	blur
blurred	neònach
blurry	blurry
blurt	blurt
blush	blush
blushing	blushing
boa	NO TRANSLATION
boa constrictor	NO TRANSLATION
boar	torc
board	bòrd
board game	geama-bùird
boarder	NO TRANSLATION
boarding	a 'dol air bòrd
boardroom	seòmar-bùird
boards	bùird
boardwalk	bòrd-bùird
boast	sgaoileadh
boastful	buannachdail
boasting	a 'fulang
boat	bàta
boathouse	taigh-taighe
boating	seòladh
boatload	bàta
boatman	fear-bàta
bobbin	bobbin
bobcat	gach cat
bobsled	saoghail
bode	bode
bodega	bodega
bodice	bodice
bodily	corporra
body	corp
bodyguard	Buidheann-airm
bog	boglach
bogey	bogey
bogeyman	boghayman
bogus	bòidheach
bohemian	bohemian
boil	boil
boiler	boiler
boilerplate	boilerplate
boiling	a 'goil
boisterous	bòidheach
bold	trom
boldness	dìomhaireachd
bollocks	bollocks
bolster	bualadh
bolt	bolt
bolus	bolus
bomb	boma
bombard	bombard
bombardier	bombardier
bombardment	bombardment
bombed	bomadh
bomber	bomber
bombers	bomairean
bombing	bomadh
bombshell	bombshell
bonanza	bonanza
bonbon	NO TRANSLATION
bond	ceangal
bondage	daithead
bonding	ceangal
bonds	bannan
bondsman	neach-taice
bone	cnàimh
bonehead	ceann cnàimh
boner	s an Iar-
bones	cnàmhan
bonfire	teine
bong	bong
bonkers	sneachda
bonne	NO TRANSLATION
bonnet	bonnet
bonny	bonny
bonsai	bonsai
bonus	bonus
bony	bòidheach
boo	boo
boob	boob
booby	booby
booger	booger
boogeyman	boogeyman
boogie	boogie
book	leabhar
bookcase	leabhran
bookie	leabharie
booking	glèidheadh
bookish	leabhraichean
bookkeeper	neach-glèidhidh leabhraichean
bookkeeping	glèidheadh ​​leabhar
booklet	leabhran
bookmaker	ghlacadair leabhraichean
bookmark	comharra-leabhair
books	leabhraichean
bookseller	leabhraichean
bookshop	bùth leabhraichean
bookstore	Stòr Leabhraichean
bookworm	brat-leabhair
boom	àrdachadh
boomer	boomer
boomerang	boomerang
booming	sìor fhàs
boon	s an Iar-
boooo	NO TRANSLATION
boost	àrdachadh
booster	àrdachadh
boot	buille
booth	bothain
bootleg	saoghail
bootlegger	chiad sreath
boots	brògan
booty	bòidheach
booze	sgaoileadh
bop	bop
bopper	bopper
border	chrìoch
bordering	s an Iar-
borderline	chrìochan
bore	sgaoileadh
boreal	boreal
bored	leam
boredom	tlachd
borer	tùr
boring	ràsanach
born	a rugadh
boron	boron
borough	buirge
borrow	iasad
borrower	iasad
bosom	òr
boss	ceannard
bossy	bossy
boston	Boston
botanical	luibh-eòlais
botanist	luibh-eòlaiche
botany	luibh-eòlas
bother	dragh
bothering	dragh
bottle	botal
bottleneck	cromag
bottling	am botail
bottom	aig a 'bhonn
bottomless	gun bhonn
botulism	botulism
boulder	ulbhag
bounce	fàgail
bouncer	bouncer
bouncy	bòcadh
bound	sgaoileadh
boundary	crìochan
boundless	gun chrìoch
bounds	crìochan
bountiful	bòidhchead
bounty	bounty
bouquet	bouquet
bourbon	bourbon
bourgeois	bourgeois
bourgeoisie	bourgeoisie
bourse	bourse
bout	bout
boutique	bùth
bouttime	àm bout
bovine	caoraich
bow	bogha
bowed	sgaoileadh
bowel	caorach
bowels	inbhich
bowl	bobhla
bowler	bòcadair
bowling	bòbhladh
bowls	bobhlaichean
box	bogsa
boxcar	bogsa
boxer	bogsaiche
boxers	bogsairean
boxing	bogsaidh
boy	balach
boycott	boicot
boyfriend	leannan
boyhood	balach
boyish	balach
boysenberry	balach-dubh
bozo	bozo
bra	bra
brace	brace
bracelet	bracelet
braces	brèigean
brachial	brachial
bracket	bracaid
brackets	bracaidean
brackish	buidseach
brad	brad
brag	brag
braid	braid
brain	eanchainn
brainless	eanchainn
brains	brains
brainstorm	stoirm eanchainn
brainwash	brainwash
brainy	eanchainn
brake	breic
bran	bran
branch	meur
branching	branching
brand	sneachda
brandy	brandaidh
brash	brash
brass	pràis
brass knuckle	clòimh pràis
brassiere	brassiere
brat	brat
bratwurst	bratwurst
bravado	bravado
brave	gaisgeil
bravery	gaisge
brawl	brawl
brawn	brawn
brazen	sgaoileadh
breach	briseadh
bread	aran
breadth	farsaingeachd
break	briseadh
breakable	sgaoileadh
breakaway	sgaoileadh
breakdown	briseadh sìos
breaker	briseadh
breakers	briseadh
breakfast	bracaist
breaking and entering	briseadh agus a 'dol a-steach
breakingnews	sgaoileadh
breakneck	sgaoileadh
breakthrough	sgaoileadh
breakup	Sgaradh
breast	bràiste
breath	anail
breathe	anail a ghabhail
breather	analach
breathless	gun anail
breathtaking	iongantach
breech	brathadh
breeches	breeches
breed	briod
breeder	briodaidh
breeding	briodachadh
breeze	bratach
breezy	sneachda
brethren	bràithrean
breve	NO TRANSLATION
brevity	breugachd
brew	brew
brewery	taigh-grùide
brewing	brewing
briar	briar
bribe	bribeag
bribery	brìbearachd
brick	bric
bridal	bridal
bride	bean-bainnse
bridegroom	seòmar-bainnse
bridesmaid	bridesmaid
bridge	drochaid
bridle	srian
brief	geàrr
briefcase	mion-bhreac
briefing	fiosrachadh
briefly	goirid
brig	brig
brigade	bràgad
bright	s an Iar-
brighten	sgaoileadh
brightens	sgaoileadh
brighter	nas fheàrr
brightness	sneachda
brilliance	brèagha
brilliant	sgoinneil
brim	brim
brimming	brimming
brimstone	brimstone
brine	sàl
bring	toirt
brink	brìgh
brisk	sgiobalta
brisket	brisket
bristle	bristle
brittle	brònach
bro	bro
broach	broich
broad	farsaing
broadcast	craoladh
broadcasting	craoladh
broaden	leudachadh
broadside	taobh a-muigh
broadsword	sgaoileadh
brocade	brocade
broccoli	broccoli
brochure	leabhran
broil	broil
broke	bhris
broken	briste
brokenheart	NO TRANSLATION
brokenhearted	brònach
broker	broker
brokerage	brògaireachd
bromide	bromide
bronco	bronco
bronze	umha
brooch	bràiste
brood	brògan
brooding	sgoltadh
brook	sruth
broom	broom
broomstick	brògan
broth	broth
brothel	brothel
brother	bràthair
brotherhood	bràithreachas
brotherly	bràthair
brow	brabh
brown	donn
brownstone	brownstone
browse	coimhead
brrr	brrr
bruise	briseadh
bruising	bruiseadh
brunch	brunch
brunette	brunette
brunt	brunt
brush	brush
brutal	brutal
brutality	brutality
brute	brute
brutish	brutish
bubble	bubble
bubbling	bualadh
bubbly	bubbly
bubonic	bubonic
buck	boc
buckaroo	buckaroo
bucket	bucaid
buckle	buckle
buckled	bucail
bucko	bucko
buckshot	buckshot
buckwheat	cuibhlean
bud	bud
buddha	buddha
buddhism	Bùdachais
buddhist	buddhist
budding	sgaoileadh
buddy	buddy
budge	budge
budget	buidseat
buff	buidhe
buffalo	buffalo
buffer	bufair
buffering	buffering
buffet	buffet
buffoon	buffoon
bug	clach
bugaboo	bugaboo
bugged	air a bhriseadh
bugger	sneachda
buggy	clach
bugle	fiadhaich
bugler	sneachda
build	togail
builder	togail
building	togail
buildings	togalaichean
buildup	Tog an àrd
bulb	bulb
bulbous	saoghail
bulge	bualadh
bulimic	bulimic
bulk	mòr
bulkhead	bulkhead
bulky	cruaidh
bull	tarbh
bulldog	bulldog
bulldozer	bualadh
bullet	bullet
bulletin	iris
bulletproof	sgaoileadh
bullfighter	tarbh
bullfrog	tairbh
bullheaded	air a tharraing
bullhorn	tairbh
bullion	taitneach
bullock	tarbh
bullpen	tairbh
bullshit	tairbh
bully	bully
bulwark	bualadh
bum	bum
bumblebee	seillean mòr
bummed	bummed
bummer	bummer
bump	bump
bumper	sàbhaladh
bumpy	bumpy
bun	NO TRANSLATION
bunch	buidheann
bundle	bundle
bungalow	bungalow
bungee	bungee
bunghole	bòidheach
bunion	bunion
bunk	bunc
bunker	bunker
bunkhouse	bun-taigh
bunny	bunny
bunt	bunt
buoy	bòidh
buoyancy	fliuch
buoyant	buadhach
bur	bur
burden	eallach
burdened	eallach
burdensome	eallach
bureau	biùro
bureaucracy	biùrocrasaidh
bureaucrat	biùrocrat
bureaucratic	biùrocratach
burger	burger
burglar	burglar
burglary	burglary
burial	adhlacadh
buried	adhlacadh
burke	burke
burlap	burlap
burlesque	saoghail
burly	s an Iar-
burn	losgadh
burned	losgadh
burner	losgadh
burning	losgadh
burnished	sneachda
burnout	sgaoileadh
burnt	loisgte
burp	burp
burr	bòidheach
burrito	burrito
burro	NO TRANSLATION
burrow	toll
bursary	bursaraidh
burst	sgaoileadh
bury	adhlacadh
bus	bus
busboy	busboy
bush	bush
bushel	bushel
bushy	bòidheach
business	gnìomhachas
business man	NO TRANSLATION
businessman	gnìomhachas
businesswoman	gnìomhachas
busload	busload
buss	buss
bust	bust
busted	busted
buster	bòidheach
bustle	duilich
bustling	fulangach
busy	trang
busybody	busybody
butane	achane
butcher	bùidsear
butler	buidealair
butt	acht
butter	ìm
buttercup	sgiobair
butterfly	dealan-dè
buttermilk	blàthaich
butterscotch	snàimh
buttery	bualadh
buttock	achtag
buttocks	buideagan
button	putan
buttress	bothain
buxom	buxom
buy	ceannach
buyer	ceannaiche
buying	a 'ceannach
buzz	sgaoileadh
buzzard	cladach
buzzed	sgaoileadh
buzzer	buidheadair
buzzing	sgaoileadh
bye	beannachd leat
bygone	air adhart
bylaw	fo lagh
byline	loidhne air loidhne
bypass	seach-rathad
bystander	neach-amhairc
byte	byte
byzantine	leisantine
cab	tagsaidh
cabal	cabal
cabana	cabana
cabaret	cabaret
cabbage	càl
cabbie	cabbie
cabernet	cabernet
cabin	cabin
cabinet	chaibineat
cable	càball
caboodle	caboodle
caboose	sgaoileadh
cabriolet	cabriolet
cache	cache
cacophony	cacophony
cactus	cactus
cad	cad
cadaver	cairbh
caddie	NO TRANSLATION
caddy	cathaidh
cadence	caoidh
cadet	cadet
cafe	caife
cafeteria	cafaidh
caffeine	caffeine
cage	cage
cagey	cagey
cahoots	cahoots
cairn	càrn
cake	cèic
cakewalk	cakewalk
calamari	calamari
calamitous	calamitous
calamity	calamity
calcareous	sgaoileadh
calcium	calcium
calculate	obrachadh a-mach
calculated	air a thomhas
calculating	obrachadh a-mach
calculation	àireamhachadh
calculator	àireamhair
calculus	calculus
calendar	mìosachan
calender	NO TRANSLATION
calf	laogh
caliber	inbhe
calibrate	calibrate
calico	calico
calipers	calpairean
calisthenics	s an Iar-
call	gairm
callback	callback
caller	neach-gairm
calligraphy	gràdh-sgrìobhaidh
calling	gairm
callous	callous
calls	gairm
calm	socair
calming	sàrachadh
calmness	ciùin
caloric	caloric
calorie	calorie
calorimeter	calorimeter
cam	cam
camaraderie	camaraderie
camber	cambair
camcorder	camcorder
camel	camel
cameo	thàinigo
camera	camara
cameraman	camara-camara
camisole	shirt
camouflage	camouflage
camouflaged	NO TRANSLATION
camp	camp
campaign	iomairt
campaigner	iomairt
campaigning	ag iomairt
camper	camper
campfire	fealla-teine
camping	campachadh
campsite	làrach campachaidh
campus	campus
can	urrainn
can opener	dh 'fhosgladh
canal	canàl
canary	canar
cancel	sguir dheth
canceling	a 'dùnadh
cancellation	sguir dheth
cancer	aillse
candid	bòidheach
candidacy	tagradh
candidate	tagraiche
candied	s an Iar-Dheas
candle	coinnle
candlelight	solas coinnle
candles	coinnlean
candlestick	coinnleal
candor	anam
candy	caitheamh
cane	canan
canine	canine
canister	canister
canker	canker
cannabis	cannabis
canned	air an snaidheadh
cannibal	cannibal
cannibalism	cannibalism
canning	canning
cannon	gunnaichean
cannonball	cannonball
canoe	canù
canon	canon
canonical	canonical
canons	canain
canopy	caoraich
cantaloupe	cantalpepe
cantbreathe	NO TRANSLATION
canteen	taigh-bìdh
canterbury	Canberbury
canthandleit	NO TRANSLATION
cantilever	cantilever
cantina	cantina
canto	NO TRANSLATION
canton	canton
cantstandit	NO TRANSLATION
cantwin	cantwin
canvas	canabhas
canvass	NO TRANSLATION
canyon	canyon
cap	caip
capability	comas
capable	comasach
capacity	comas
cape	cape
caper	caper
capillary	sgiobalta
capital	calpa
capitalism	capitalism
capitalist	capitalist
capitalize	a 'toirt buaidh air
capitals	cinn-litrichean
capitation	capitation
capitol	capitol
capitulation	sgapadh
cappuccino	cappuccino
caprice	caoraich
capricious	sneachda
caps	caiptean
capslock	caiptean
capsule	capsule
captain	sgiobair
caption	ceàrr-sgrìobhadh
captivate	beòthail
captivating	beòthail
captive	caoidh
captivity	braighdeanas
captor	captor
capture	glacadh
car	càr
caramel	caramal
carat	carat
caravan	carabhan
carbon	carbon
carburetor	carburetor
carcass	crosab
carcinoma	carcinoma
card	cairt
cardboard	cairt
cardiac	caoidh
cardigan	Cardigan
cardinal	diadhaidh
cardiologist	cairt-eòlaiche
cardiology	cairt-eòlas
cardiomyopathy	cardiomyopathy
cards	cairtean
care	cùram
career	dreuchd
carefree	mì-thoilichte
careful	cùramach
carefully	gu cùramach
careless	neo-chùramach
carelessness	neo-chùram
caress	caress
caret	caret
caretaker	cùram
cargo	cargo
caribou	caribou
caricature	caricature
caries	caries
caring	cùramach
carjack	carjack
carnage	feòil
carnal	carnal
carnation	feòil
carnival	feòil
carnivorous	feòil-itheach
carol	carol
carols	carols
carousel	carusel
carp	carp
carpal	carpal
carpenter	saoir
carpentry	saoir
carpet	brat-ùrlair
carpeting	brathadh
carpool	carpool
carriage	carbad
carried	air a ghiùlan
carrier	còmhdhail
carrot	caran
carry	giùlan
carrying	giùlan
carsick	Carson
cart	cart
carte	NO TRANSLATION
cartel	cartel
carter	carter
cartilage	cartilage
cartographic	cartograf
cartography	cartography
carton	carton
cartoon	cartùn
cartouche	NO TRANSLATION
cartridge	cart
carve	sguab
carver	caraid
carving	snaidheadh
cascade	casgadh
case	chùis
casein	cùisin
cash	airgead
cashier	ionmhasair
cashmere	airgid
casing	còmhdach
casino	casino
cask	casg
casket	ciste
casserole	casserole
cassette	casette
cast	sgaoileadh
castaway	castaway
caste	caste
caster	caster
castle	caisteil
castor	castor
castrate	castrate
castration	sgaoileadh
casual	casual
casually	casually
casualty	leòintich
cat	cat
catabolism	catabolism
catalog	catalog
catalogue	catalog
catalysis	caitligeach
catalyst	catalyst
catalytic	caitligeach
catamaran	catamaran
catapult	catapult
cataract	cataract
catastrophe	tubaist
catastrophic	tubaist
catatonic	catatonic
catch	glacadh
catcher	sgaoileadh
catching	a 'glacadh
catchphrase	clàr-còmhraidh
catchy	sneachda
catechism	catechism
categorical	sgaoileadh
category	roinn
cater	coimhead
caterer	luchd-reic
caterpillar	bratag
cates	cates
catfish	catfish
cathartic	ceathramh
cathedral	cathair-eaglais
catheter	catheter
catholic	caitligeach
cathouse	cathouse
catnip	catnip
cattle	crodh
catwalk	sneachda
caucus	caraid
caudal	caudal
cauldron	coire
cauliflower	muilis
caulk	caulk
causal	adhbhar
causality	adhbharachd
causation	adhbharachadh
cause	adhbhar
caused	air adhbhrachadh
causeway	cabhsair
caution	rabhadh
cautionary	cùramach
cautious	mothachail
cautiously	gu cùramach
cavalier	cavalier
cavalry	eachraidh
cave	uaimh
caveat	uaimh
caveman	uaimh
cavern	uaimh
cavernous	cavernous
caviar	caviar
caving	caving
cavity	cavity
cayenne	cayenne
cease	stad
ceasefire	sguabadh às
ceaseless	gun stad
cedar	seudar
cede	cede
ceiling	mullach
celebrant	comharrachadh
celebrate	comharrachadh
celebrated	air a chomharrachadh
celebrating	comharrachadh
celebration	comharrachadh
celebrations	comharrachadh
celebratory	comharrachadh
celebrity	eòlach
celery	sgiobair
celestial	cealgach
celibacy	celibacy
celibate	celibate
cell	cealla
cellar	seilear
cellblock	ceallan
cellist	ceòladair
cellmate	neach-cèile
cello	cello
cellophane	cealla-phòna
cellular	cealla
cellulite	Ceangalaichean BBC
celluloid	celluloid
cement	saimeant
cemented	s an Ear-Dheas
cemetery	cladh
censor	Còirnear
censorship	còiridheachd
censure	còiridheachd
census	cunntas-sluaigh
cent	ceud
centenary	ceud bliadhna
centennial	ceud bliadhna
center	ionad
centerfold	ionad gu lèir
centerpiece	prìomh ionad
centimeter	ceudameatair
centipede	ceud-cheud
central	meadhan
centrality	meadhanachd
centralization	meadhanachadh
centralize	meadhanachadh
centrally	sa mheadhan
centrifugal	ceud-ghluasadach
centrifuge	centrifuge
centurion	centurion
century	linn
ceramic	ceramic
ceramics	crèadhadaireachd
cereal	gràn
cereals	gràn
cerebral	cerebral
ceremonial	deas-ghnàthach
ceremony	seirbheis
certain	àraid
certainty	dearbhadh
certifiable	ceadaichte
certificate	teisteanas
certified	air a dhearbhadh
certify	dearbhadh
cervical	cervical
cervix	ceirbheacs
cess	cess
cessation	stad
cesspool	cesspool
cha cha	NO TRANSLATION
chaff	chaff
chafing	chafing
chagrin	chagrin
chagrined	eadhon
chai	chai
chain	slabhraidh
chainsaw	slabhraidh
chair	chathair
chairman	chathraiche
chairperson	cathraiche
chairwoman	chathraiche
chaise	chaise
chalet	chalet
chalice	chalice
chalk	cailc
challenge	dùbhlan
challenger	dùbhlan
chamber	seòmar
chambermaid	chambermaid
chambers	seòmraichean
chameleon	chameleon
champ	champ
champagne	champagne
champion	curaidh
championship	fharpais
chance	cothrom
chancellor	seansalair
chandelier	chandelier
chandler	chandler
change	atharrachadh
changeable	atharrachadh
changed	atharrachadh
changer	atharrachadh
changing	ag atharrachadh
channel	sianal
chant	chant
chaos	chaos
chaotic	chaotic
chap	chap
chapel	caibeal
chaperon	Chaperon
chaplain	seaplain
chapman	chapman
chaps	chaps
chapter	caibideil
char	char
character	caractar
characteristic	gnè
characterize	comharrachadh
charade	charade
charcoal	gual-fhiodha
chardonnay	Chardonnay
charge	cosgais
chargeable	cìs
charger	charger
chariot	carbad
charisma	charisma
charismatic	sàmhach
charitable	carthannais
charity	carthannas
charlatan	charlatan
charm	charm
charmed	sàbhaladh
charmer	charmer
charming	geasach
charred	sgaoileadh
chart	cairt
charter	cùmhnant
chartered	s an Ear-Thuath
chase	chas
chased	chaidh a chasg
chaser	chasair
chasm	chasm
chassis	chassis
chaste	chaste
chastened	air a dhìteadh
chastisement	chasachadh
chastity	chastity
chat	còmhradh
chateau	chateau
chatter	còmhradh
chatterbox	chatterbox
chattering	còmhradh
chatty	chatty
chauffeur	dràibhear
chauvinist	chauvinist
cheap	saor
cheapened	saoghail
cheapskate	saoghail
cheat	caoidh
cheater	saoghail
check	seic
checkbook	leabhar-sgrùdaidh
checker	sgrùdadh
checkered	sgaoileadh
checkers	taisbeanaidhean
checklist	liosta sgrùdaidh
checkmate	dèan cinnteach
checkout	Dèan sgrùdadh air
checkpoint	puing-seice
checkup	sgrùdadh
cheek	gruaim
cheeks	gruaidhean
cheeky	cealgach
cheep	ceap
cheer	sàrachadh
cheered	s an Iar-
cheerful	èibhinn
cheerfulness	sòlasachd
cheering	a 'gealladh
cheerleader	s an Iar-
cheerleading	cheerleading
cheerless	sàmhach
cheers	Slàinte
cheery	s an Iar-
cheese	càise
cheeseburger	iasgair càise
cheesecake	cèic caes
cheesy	ceasaidh
cheetah	cheetah
chef	còcaire
chemical	ceimigeach
chemise	NO TRANSLATION
chemist	cungadair
chemistry	ceimigeachd
chemo	chemo
chemotherapy	chemotherapy
cheque	seic
cherish	feuch
cherishing	a 'sùileachadh
cherry	saoghail
cherub	cherub
chess	tàileasg
chest	ciste
chestnut	caistin
chevron	chevron
chew	chew
chewy	chewy
chic	chic
chicane	chicane
chick	cearc
chicken	cearc
chicken pox	Am piocas
chickenpox	Am piocas
chief	ceann-cinnidh
chiefly	gu sònraichte
chieftain	ceann-cinnidh
chiffon	chiffon
child	leanabh
childbirth	breith chloinne
childhood	leanabachd
childish	leanabh
childless	gun leanabh
childlike	leanabh
childloss	NO TRANSLATION
children	clann
chili	chili
chill	sgillinn
chilled	fuaraich
chilling	fuarachadh
chilly	fhuar
chime	chime
chimera	chimera
chimes	aodach
chimney	similear
chimp	chimp
chimpanzee	chimpansee
chin	smiogaid
china	china
chinchilla	chinchilla
chine	NO TRANSLATION
chinook	chinook
chip	sgiob
chipmunk	chipmunk
chipper	chipper
chipping	chipping
chiropractor	chiropractor
chirp	chirp
chirping	chirping
chisel	chisel
chiseler	chiseler
chit	chit
chitchat	chitchat
chivalry	saoghail
chloride	chloride
chlorine	chlorine
chloroform	chloroform
chocolate	seoclaid
choice	roghainn
choir	còisir
choke	sguabadh
cholera	cholera
cholesterol	cholesterol
choose	taghadh
choosing	a 'taghadh
choosy	choosy
chop	chop
chopper	chopper
choppers	choppers
chopping	sgoltadh
chops	chops
choral	còisir
chord	chord
chords	chords
chore	chore
choreographer	tàlaiche-sgrìobhaidh
choreography	choreography
chorus	sèist
chosen	air a thaghadh
chow	chow
chowder	chowder
christ	crìosd
christen	NO TRANSLATION
christening	baisteadh
christian	Crìosd
christmas	Nollaig
christmasbreak	NO TRANSLATION
christmaseve	NO TRANSLATION
christmasspirit	NO TRANSLATION
christmassy	Christmassy
christmastime	àm na cìse
chromatic	sgaoileadh
chromatography	chromatography
chrome	chrome
chromium	chromium
chromosome	chromosome
chronic	truagh
chronicle	eachdraidh
chronograph	chronograph
chronological	deasaich |
chubby	chubby
chuck	chuck
chuckle	chuckle
chug	chug
chum	chum
chummy	chummy
chump	chump
chunk	Chunk
chunky	smùid
church	eaglais
churchyard	chladh
churn	churn
chute	chute
chutney	siuthad
ciao	ciao
cider	sèider
cigar	cigar
cigarette	toitean
cilantro	cilantro
cinch	cinch
cinder	cinder
cinema	taigh-dhealbh
cinematic	cinematic
cinematographer	sgrìobhaiche cinematog
cinematography	cinematography
cinnamon	cinnamon
cipher	cipher
circle	cearcall
circling	a 'cuairteachadh
circuit	cuairteachadh
circuitry	sgaoileadh
circular	cruinn
circulate	cuairteachadh
circulation	cuairteachadh
circulatory	sgaoileadh
circumcision	circumcision
circumference	cearcall-thomhas
circumferential	sgaoileadh
circumscribed	timcheall air
circumstance	suidheachadh
circumstances	suidheachaidhean
circumstantial	sgaoileadh
circumvent	a 'tuiteam
circumvention	sgaoileadh
circus	siorcas
cirque	cirque
cirrhosis	cirrhosis
cirrus	cirrus
cistern	cladach
citadel	lannan
citation	aithris
cite	cite
citizen	saoranach
citizenship	saoranachd
citrine	saoghail
citrus	citrus
city	bhaile
citywide	air feadh na dùthcha
civic	saoghail
civics	civics
civil	sìobhalta
civilian	sìobhalta
civilians	saighdearan
civility	saoghail
civilization	sìobhaltachd
civilized	saoghail
clad	sgaoileadh
claim	tagradh
claimant	neach-tagraidh
clairvoyant	clairvoyant
clam	clam
clambake	clambake
clammy	criogaid
clamor	clamor
clamp	clamp
clan	clan
clandestine	ciùin
clang	clang
clap	bualadh
clapper	clapper
clapping	bualadh
clarification	soilleireachadh
clarify	soilleireachadh
clarinet	clarinet
clarion	soilleireachadh
clarity	soilleireachd
clash	còmhradh
clashing	ag èigheach
clasp	clasp
class	clas
classic	clasaigeach
classic rock	creag clasaigeach
classical	clasaigeach
classics	clasaichean
classification	seòrsachadh
classified	sgaoileadh
classify	seòrsachadh
classmate	seòrsa clas
classroom	seòmar-teagaisg
classy	clasaigeach
clatter	clatter
clause	clàs
clauses	cùmhnantan
claustrophobia	claustrophobia
claustrophobic	claustrophobic
clavicle	clavicle
claw	claw
claws	claws
clay	crèadh
clean	glan
cleaner	nas glaine
cleaning	glanadh
cleanliness	glainead
cleanly	glan
cleanse	glanadh
cleanser	glanadh
cleansing	glanadh
cleanup	Sgioblaich suas
clear	soilleir
clearance	cead
clearing	a 'glanadh
clearness	sàmhchair
cleat	cleat
cleavage	sgaoileadh
cleave	cleave
cleaver	NO TRANSLATION
clef	clef
cleft	air falbh
clemency	cleachdas
clench	clench
clergy	clèirich
clergyman	clèirich
cleric	cleric
clerical	clerical
clerk	clàrc
clerkship	clèireach
clever	glic
cleverness	cleverness
click	briog
clicker	briogadh
client	cleachdaiche
clientele	luchd-cleachdaidh
cliff	creagan
climate	aimsir
climatology	gnàth-eòlas
climax	climax
climb	streap
climber	sreapadair
clinch	cliog
cling	cling
clingy	sneachda
clinic	clionaig
clinical	clionaigeach
clink	clink
clip	clip
clipboard	bòrd-clip
clipper	sgiobair
clipping	clipping
clique	NO TRANSLATION
clitoris	clitoris
cloak	cleac
cloaking	cluasan
cloakroom	seòmar-cleice
clobber	clobber
clock	cloc
clockwork	obair-cloc
clod	clod
clog	clog
cloister	clèireach
clone	clon
cloning	clonadh
close	dùin
closed	dùinte
closeness	dlùthachd
closet	closet
closure	dùnadh
clot	clot
cloth	aodach
clothe	aodach
clothes	aodach
clothesline	aodach
clothing	aodach
cloud	Sgothach gu ìre
clouded	Sgòthan geala
cloudiness	Sgothach gu ìre
clouds	sgòthan
cloudy	Sgòthan geala
clout	sneachda
clove	clave
clover	seamrag
cloves	clòbh
clown	clown
clowns	clowns
club	cluba
clubhouse	taigh-club
clubs	clubaichean
cluck	cluck
clue	cluinntinn
clueless	gun teagamh
clump	clump
clumsy	doimh
clunk	clun
cluster	cluster
clutch	bualadh
clutches	gluasadan
clutter	dragh
coach	coidse
coachman	coidseman
coagulation	coagulation
coal	gual
coalesce	Coalesce
coalition	co-bhanntachd
coarse	garbh
coast	costa
coastal	cladach
coaster	coaster
coastline	oirthir
coat	còta
coating	còmhdach
coax	coax
cobalt	cobalt
cobble	cobble
cobbler	greusaiche
cobra	cobra
cocaine	cocaine
cock	coileach
cockamamie	cockamamie
cockeyed	s an Iar-
cockpit	coileach
cockroach	cockroach
cocksucker	coidsich
cocktail	cocktail
cocky	coileach
cocoa	cocoa
coconut	coconut
cocoon	coileach
cod	trosg
code	còd
codeine	codeine
codex	codex
codfish	trosg
codification	còdachadh
codify	trosg
coding	còdachadh
coed	coed
coefficient	coefficient
coerce	coirce
coercion	coercion
coercive	coercive
coexist	a 'tighinn beò
coexistence	co-sheasamh
coexisting	a 'coiseachd
coffee	cofaidh
coffee table	Bòrd-cofaidh
coffeehouse	taigh cofaidh
coffeepot	coffeepot
coffin	ciste
cog	cog
cogent	saoghail
cognac	eòlas
cognate	deasaich |
cognition	eòlas
cognitive	inntinn
cohabitation	còmhnaidh
coherence	co-leanailteachd
coherent	ciallach
cohesion	co-aontachd
cohesive	co-fhillte
cohort	cohort
coil	coil
coiled	coiled
coin	airgead
coinage	airgead
coincide	aig an aon àm
coincidence	co-obrachadh
coincident	co-thachartas
coincidental	coincidental
coinciding	a 'coiseachd
coke	cooca
cola	cola
cold	fuar
coldly	fuar
coldness	fuachdachd
coldsweat	NO TRANSLATION
coleslaw	coleslaw
colic	colic
coliseum	coliseum
collaborate	co-obrachadh
collaboration	co-obrachadh
collaborator	co-obraiche
collage	collage
collagen	collagen
collapse	tuiteam
collar	collar
collarbone	leac-coise
collate	cruinneachadh
collateral	co-thaobhach
collation	cruinneachadh
colleague	co-obraiche
collect	cruinneachadh
collected	air a chruinneachadh
collection	cruinneachadh
collective	coitcheann
collectively	còmhla
collector	cruinneadair
college	cholaiste
collegiate	colaisteach
collide	cuilbheart
collie	sgaoileadh
collision	sabaid
collocation	cruinneachadh
colloquial	colloquial
collusion	sgaoileadh
cologne	Cologne
colon	colon
colonel	còirneal
colonial	colonial
colonic	coloinidh
colonoscopy	sgaoileadh
colony	coloinidh
colophon	Colophon
color	dath
coloration	sgaoileadh
colored	dathte
colorful	dathmhor
coloring	dathte
colorless	gun dath
colors	dathan
colossal	colossal
colt	bratach
columbine	columbine
column	colbh
columnar	colbh
columnist	neach-colbh
com	NO TRANSLATION
coma	coma
comatose	comatose
comb	cìr
combat	sabaid
combatant	sabaid
combative	cromadh
combination	measgachadh
combinatorial	co-chomharran
combine	còmhla
combined	còmhla
combo	combo
combustible	fuasgailte
combustion	lughdachadh
come	thig
comeback	thig air Ais
comedian	cleasaiche
comedy	comadaidh
comet	comet
comfort	comhfhurtachd
comfortable	cofhurtail
comforter	compordair
comforting	a 'comhfhurtachd
comfy	comfy
comic	comic
comical	èibhinn
comics	comaigean
coming	tighinn
comma	cromag
command	òrdugh
commandant	ceannard
commandeer	ceannard
commander	ceannard
commanding	òrdugh
commandment	òrdugh
commando	comando
commemorate	cuimhneachadh
commemoration	cuimhneachaidh
commemorative	cuimhneachaidh
commence	tòiseachadh
commend	moladh
commendable	moladh
commendation	moladh
commensurate	co-ionnan
comment	aithris
commentary	aithris
commentator	aithrisiche
commerce	malairt
commercial	malairt
commie	coma
commissary	comisiàir
commission	coimisean
commissioner	coimiseanair
commit	dèanamh
commitment	dealas
committal	tiomnadh
committed	dealasach
committee	chomataidh
commodity	bathar-amh
commodore	cladhach
common	cumanta
commoner	cumanta
commonly	gu cumanta
commonplace	àbhaisteach
commons	coman
commonwealth	co-fhlaitheas
commotion	tubaist
communal	coitcheann
commune	comainn
communicable	comasach
communicate	conaltradh
communication	conaltradh
communicative	conaltraidh
communicator	conaltraidh
communion	comanachadh
communism	comannachd
communist	comannach
community	coimhearsnachd
commutation	còmhradh
commutative	coimeasach
commute	siubhal
commuter	siubhal
comp	comp
compact	compact
compaction	coimeasachadh
compactness	compactness
companion	companach
companionless	companachless
companionship	companach
company	companaidh
comparable	coltach
comparative	coimeasach
comparatively	gu ìre bheag
compare	coimeas a dhèanamh
comparison	coimeas
compartment	seòmar
compass	compas
compassion	truas
compassionate	truasnach
compatibility	co-chòrdachd
compatible	co-chòrdail
compel	compàirteachadh
compelled	air a neartachadh
compelling	làidir
compendium	compendium
compensate	dìoladh
compensation	dìoladh
compensatory	dìoladh
compete	farpais
competence	comas
competency	comasachd
competent	comasach
competition	farpais
competitive	farpaiseach
competitor	farpaiseach
compilation	cruinneachadh
compile	cruinneachadh
complacency	sàrachadh
complacent	sàsaichte
complain	gearanan
complaint	gearan
complement	a bharrachd
complementary	co-phàirteach
complete	iomlan
completed	crìochnaichte
completely	gu tur
completeness	iomlanachd
completing	crìochnachadh
completion	crìochnachadh
complex	iom-fhillte
complexed	iom-fhillte
complexion	sgaoileadh
complexity	iom-fhillteachd
compliance	gèilleadh
compliant	co-chòrdail
complicate	duilich
complicated	iom-fhillte
complication	duilgheadas
complicity	duilgheadas
compliment	NO TRANSLATION
complimentary	s an Iar-
comply	gèilleadh
complying	a 'gèilleadh
compo	compo
component	pàirt
compose	compàirteachadh
composed	air a dhèanamh
composer	sgrìobhaiche
composite	coimeasgaichte
composition	sgaoileadh
compost	compost
composure	sgaoileadh
compound	cumanta
comprehend	tuigse
comprehension	tuigse
comprehensive	iomlan
compress	compress
compressed	sgaoileadh
compressible	mì-chinnteach
compression	compression
compressor	compressor
comprise	sgaoileadh
compromise	co-rèiteachadh
comptroller	neach-riaghlaidh
compulsion	èigneachadh
compulsive	èibhinn
compulsory	èigneachail
computable	sgaoileadh
computation	àireamhachd
compute	cunntadh
computer	coimpiutair
computerized	coimpiutaireachd
computing	coimpiutaireachd
comrade	comrade
con	NO TRANSLATION
concatenation	concatenation
concave	concave
conceal	ceal
concealed	falach
concealment	a 'falach
concede	Ceadaich
conceit	s an Iar-
conceited	sneachda
conceivable	faireachdainn
conceive	faireachdainn
concentrate	concentrate
concentration	concentration
concentric	cruinneachaidh
concept	bun-bheachd
conception	beul-aithris
concern	dragh
concerned	draghail
concert	cuirm-chiùil
concerto	Ceòladair
concession	connsachadh
concessional	saorsaidh
conch	conch
concierge	concierge
conciliation	rèiteachadh
concise	geàrr
conclave	conclave
conclude	tighinn gu crìch
concluding	crìochnachadh
conclusion	co-dhùnadh
conclusive	dhùnadh
concoction	sneachda
concomitant	co-fhaireachdainn
concord	concord
concordance	concordance
concours	NO TRANSLATION
concourse	còmhradh
concrete	concrait
concubine	co-bhanntachd
concur	co-chòrdadh
concurrence	aonta
concurrent	co-ionnan
concurring	co-rèiteachadh
concussion	s an Iar-
condemn	dìteadh
condemnation	dìteadh
condensation	co-chòrdadh
condensed	sgaoileadh
condescending	a 'cur an cèill
condescension	dìomhaireachd
condiment	sèididh
condition	staid
conditional	cùmhnantach
conditionally	gu cùramach
conditioned	air a ghleidheadh
conditioner	gleidhidh
conditioning	aodach
conditions	suidheachaidhean
condo	condo
condolence	condolence
condolences	co-fhaireachdainn
condom	condom
condone	a 'cur an cèill
condor	condor
conducive	taiceil
conduct	giùlan
conduction	gluasad
conductivity	giùlanachd
conductor	stiùiriche
conduit	seòl
cone	cón
confederacy	co-sheòrsachd
confederate	co-aonta
confederation	co-chaidreachas
confer	toirt seachad
conference	co-labhairt
confess	aideachadh
confession	aideachadh
confessional	confessional
confessions	confessions
confetti	confetti
confidant	ag ràdh
confide	deònach
confidence	misneachd
confident	misneachail
confidential	dìomhair
confidentiality	dìomhaireachd
confidentially	NO TRANSLATION
configuration	rèiteachadh
confine	sgaoileadh
confined	sgaoileadh
confinement	cuingealachadh
confines	co-cheangailte
confirm	daingnich
confirmation	dearbhadh
confirmatory	dearbhaidh
confirmed	daingneachadh
confiscate	sabaid
confiscation	sguabadh às
conflagration	mì-chliù
conflict	còmhstri
conflicting	eadar-dhealaichte
confluence	còmhradh
conform	rèir
conformance	co-rèiteachadh
conformation	NO TRANSLATION
conformity	co-rèiteachadh
confound	mearachdach
confounded	mì-thoilichte
confront	aghaidh
confrontation	confrontation
confuse	troimh-chèile
confused	mearachdach
confusing	meallta
confusion	mearachd
conga	conga
congenial	congenial
congenital	congenital
congestion	dùmhlachd
conglomerate	còmhdach
conglomeration	cruinneachaidhean
congrats	co-chòrdadh
congratulate	meal-a-naidheachd
congratulation	meal-a-naidheachd
congratulations	meala-naidheachd
congratulatory	meala-naidheachd
congregate	cruinnich
congregation	coitheanal
congress	congress
congressional	congressional
congressman	congressman
congruence	co-ionnanachd
conic	conic
conical	cianail
conjecture	giùlan
conjugal	co-dhualchasach
conjugate	co-ghluasadach
conjugation	co-luachadh
conjunction	co-obrachadh
conjunctive	connspaideach
conjure	gèilleadh
conjuring	sgaoileadh
conk	conk
connect	ceangal
connected	ceangailte
connection	ceangal
connective	ceangal
connoisseur	connoisseur
conquer	gèilleadh
conquering	a 'toirt ionnsaigh
conqueror	conqueror
conquest	conquest
conscience	cogais
conscientious	dìleas
conscious	mothachail
consciousness	mothachadh
conscription	conscription
consecrated	coisrigte
consecration	coisrigeadh
consecutive	leantainneach
consensual	aontaich
consensus	co-aontachd
consent	cead
consenting	a 'ceadachadh
consequence	buaidh
consequent	mar thoradh air
conservation	glèidhteachas
conservatism	glèidhteachas
conservative	glèidhteach
conservatory	seòmar-cadail
conserve	glèidhte
consider	beachdachadh
considerable	mòran
considerate	beachdachadh
consideration	beachdachadh
consignee	neach-tagraidh
consignment	seirbheis
consist	a 'gabhail a-steach
consistency	cunbhalachd
consistent	co-chòrdail
consolation	consolation
console	console
consoled	s an Iar-
consolidate	daingneachadh
consolidated	daingnichte
consolidation	daingneachadh
consonant	consonant
consort	co-chòrdadh
conspicuous	tha e follaiseach
conspiracy	co-chòrdadh
conspirator	co-cheannaiche
conspire	chiad sreath
constable	Constable
constancy	seasmhachd
constant	seasmhach
constantly	daonnan
constellation	connspaid
consternation	dragh
constipation	slatan-tomhais
constituency	roinn-phàrlamaid
constituent	riochdaire
constituents	luchd-taghaidh
constitute	a 'riochdachadh
constitution	bun-reachd
constitutional	bun-reachdail
constitutionality	bun-reachdas
constrain	cuingealachadh
constrained	cuingealaichte
constraint	srian
construct	togail
construction	togail
constructive	cuideachail
construe	togail
consul	consul
consulate	consulachd
consult	co-chomhairleachadh
consultant	comhairliche
consultation	co-chomhairleachadh
consume	ithe
consumer	luchd-cleachdaidh
consuming	a 'caitheamh
consummate	làn
consummation	crìochnachadh
consumption	caitheamh
contact	cuir fios thugainn
contagion	sàrachadh
contagious	gabhaltach
contain	steach
container	còmhdach
containment	còmhdach
contaminate	truailleadh
contaminated	truailleadh
contamination	truailleadh
contemplate	beachdachadh air
contemplation	miannachadh
contemplative	sgaoileadh
contemporaneous	co-ionnan
contemporary	co-aimsireil
contempt	dìomhaireachd
contemptible	mì-mhisneach
contemptuous	èibhinn
contend	a 'cumail a-mach
contender	gearan
contending	a 'leantainn
content	susbaint
contented	sàsaichte
contention	sàrachadh
contentious	còmhstri
contentment	sàsaichte
contents	susbaint
contest	farpais
contestant	farpais
context	co-theacsa
contiguous	còmhla
continence	leantainneachd
continent	mòr-thìr
continental	mòr-thìr
contingency	èiginn
contingent	cùis-lagha
continual	leantainneach
continually	gu bràth
continuance	leantainn
continuation	leantainn
continue	lean ort
continued	a 'leantainn
continuing	a 'leantainn
continuity	leantainneachd
continuous	leantainneach
continuously	gu leantainneach
continuum	leantainneach
contour	contour
contraband	contraband
contraception	frith-bheothachadh
contract	cùmhnant
contracted	cunnradh
contractile	cunnraidh
contracting	cunnraidh
contraction	crapadh
contractor	cunnradair
contradict	a 'dol an aghaidh
contradiction	contradiction
contradictory	a rèir coltais
contraption	còmhradh
contrary	an aghaidh
contrast	eadar-dhealachadh
contrasted	eadar-theangachadh
contravene	bualadh
contravention	briseadh
contribute	cuir a-steach
contribution	chuideachadh
contributor	am fiosraiche
contrite	bualadh
contrition	sgaoileadh
contrived	sgaoileadh
control	smachd
controller	riaghladair
controlling	a 'smachdachadh
controversial	connspaideach
controversy	connspaid
contusion	còmhdach
conundrum	sneachda
convalescent	dùmhlachadh
convection	giùlan
convene	bruidhinn
convenience	goireasan
conveniences	goireasan
convenient	convenient
convent	cràbhach
convention	cùmhnant
conventional	àbhaisteach
converge	converge
convergence	convergence
convergent	co-fhillte
conversant	còmhradh
conversation	còmhradh
conversational	còmhradh
conversationalist	còmhladair
converse	còmhradh
conversing	còmhradh
conversion	tionndadh
convert	tionndadh
converted	tionndadh
convertible	tionndadh
convex	gàirdeil
convexity	dìomhaireachd
convey	bruidhinn
conveyance	còmhdhail
conveyancing	conveyancing
convict	ciontach
conviction	dìteadh
convince	dearbhadh
convinced	dearbhadh
convincing	dearbhach
convocation	co-labhairt
convoluted	sgaoileadh
convolution	convolution
convoy	convoy
coo	coo
cook	còcaireachd
cookbook	leabhar còcaireachd
cooker	còcaireachd
cookery	còcaireachd
cookie	còcaireachd
cookies	briosgaidean
cooking	còcaireachd
cookout	còcaireachd
cool	tarraingeach
coolant	fuasgladh
cooler	sneachda
cooling	fuarachadh
coolness	fionnasachd
coon	coon
coop	coop
cooperate	co-obrachadh
cooperating	co-obrachadh
cooperation	co-obrachadh
cooperative	co-obrachail
coordinate	co-òrdanachadh
coordination	co-òrdanachadh
coordinator	co-òrdanaiche
cop	cop
copacetic	NO TRANSLATION
cope	cope
copier	copaidh
copilot	s an Iar-
coping	a 'dèiligeadh
copious	glè mhòr
copper	copar
copter	s an Iar-
copy	lethbhreac
copycat	sgaoileadh
copying	copaidh
copyright	dlighe-sgrìobhaidh
coral	corail
coral snake	nathair corail
cord	corda
cordial	s an Iar-
cordless	sgaoileadh
cordon	cordon
corduroy	corduroy
core	cridhe
cork	coirce
corkscrew	corkscrew
corn	arbhar
cornball	cornball
cornbread	cornbread
cornea	cornea
corned	coirce
corner	oisean
cornerstone	chlach-oisinn
cornet	cornet
cornfield	cornfield
cornflakes	NO TRANSLATION
cornice	cornice
cornstarch	cornstarch
corny	coirce
corollary	coimheadaidh
corona	corona
coronary	coronaidh
coronation	crùnadh
coroner	crònair
corporal	chorporra
corporate	corporra
corporation	corporra
corporeal	corporra
corps	corp
corpse	corp
corpsman	corp
corpus	corpus
corral	corral
correct	ceart
correction	ceartachadh
correctional	ceartachadh
corrective	ceartachadh
correctness	ceartachd
correlation	co-dhàimh
correlative	co-fhreagarrach
correspond	co-fhreagair
correspondence	litrichean
correspondent	sgrìobhaiche
corresponding	co-fhreagairt
corridor	trannsa
corroborate	a 'daingneachadh
corroboration	corroboration
corrosion	corrosion
corrosive	corrosive
corrupt	truaillidh
corrupting	truailleadh
corruption	coirbeachd
corsage	corsage
corse	NO TRANSLATION
corset	corset
cortex	cortex
cortical	cortical
cortisone	cortisone
corvette	corvette
cosmetic	cosgais
cosmetics	cosmigean
cosmic	cosmic
cosmology	cosmology
cosmopolitan	cosmopolitan
cosmos	cosmos
cost	cosgais
costly	costasach
costume	èideadh
cosy	cozy
cot	cot
cote	cote
cottage	taigh-tughaidh
cotton	cotan
couch	lobhta
cougar	cùbhraidh
cough	casadaich
council	comhairle
councilman	comhairle
counsel	comhairle
counseling	comhairleachadh
counsellor	comhairleora
counselor	comhairleora
count	cunntadh
countdown	cunntadh sìos
countenance	facal
counter	cunntair
counteract	a 'cur an aghaidh
counterattack	ioma-aghaidh
counterbalance	sìor-chothromachadh
counterclaim	co-fhreagairt
counterfeit	sgaoileadh
counterpart	co-ionnan
counterpoint	Cùmhnantan-cleachdaidh
countess	ban-iarla
countless	cunntadh
country	dùthaich
countryman	dùthaich
countrymusic	NO TRANSLATION
countryside	dùthaich
counts	cunntadh
county	siorrachd
coup	coup
coupe	cùpe
couple	càraid
coupled	còmhla
coupling	còmhradh
coupon	cùpón
courage	misneachd
courageous	misneachail
courier	teachdaire
courses	cùrsaichean
coursing	a 'cèilidh
court	cùirt
courteous	èibhinn
courtesy	le cùirt
courthouse	cùirt
courtroom	seòmar-cùirte
courts	cùirtean
courtship	suirghe
courtside	taobh cùirt
courtyard	lios
cousin	co-ogha
cousins	co-oghaichean
cove	cove
coven	coven
covenant	co-cheangal
cover	còmhdach
coverage	còmhdach
covered	còmhdaichte
covering	còmhdach
covert	còmhdach
covet	còmhdach
coveted	s an Iar-
cow	bò
coward	èibhinn
cowardice	èibhinn
cowardly	èibhinn
cowboy	buachaille
cowgirl	buachaille
cowhand	bòcan
cowhide	sneachda
cowl	bòc
coworker	obrach
coy	coy
coyote	coyote
cozy	cozy
crab	crab
crabby	crabby
crack	craiceann
cracked	air sgàin
cracker	sgàileadh
crackerjack	craiceann-craiceann
cracking	a 'sgioblachadh
crackle	sgàineadh
crackpot	s an Iar-
cradle	cradle
craft	ceàird
crafts	ciùird
craftsman	ceàird
craftsmanship	ciùird
crafty	crafty
craig	craig
cram	cram
crammed	s an Iar-
cramp	cramp
cramped	glè bheag
cranberry	cranberry
cranberry juice	sùgh cranberry
crane	crann
cranial	cranial
cranium	cranium
crank	crank
cranky	cranky
cranny	cranny
crap	crap
crappy	sgiobalta
craps	sgioblachadh
crash	tubaist
crass	crass
crate	crathadh
crater	crater
crave	caoidh
craving	ag iarraidh
crawfish	crosgag
crawl	crawl
crayon	crèadh
crayons	criùran
craze	craze
crazed	air a chrochadh
craziness	craziness
crazy	crazy
creak	sgaoileadh
creaking	ag èigheach
cream	uachdar
creamed	sgaoileadh
creamer	creamer
creamy	uamhasach
crease	sgaoileadh
create	cruthaich
creation	cruthachadh
creative	cruthachail
creativity	cruthachalachd
creator	creutair
creature	creutair
credence	creideas
credential	teisteanas
credentials	teisteanasan
credibility	creideas
credible	creidsinneach
credit	creideas
credit card	Cairt creideis
creditable	creidsinneach
credited	air a chreidsinn
crediting	creideas
creditor	creideasair
creed	creideamh
creek	clach
creep	a 'cromadh
creeper	sgaoileadh
creeping	a 'crathadh
creepy	uaigealta
cremation	losgadh
creole	criolla
crepe	crepe
crescendo	crescendo
crescent	creagan
crest	suaicheantas
crestfallen	creagan
cretin	cretin
cretins	cretairean
crevice	sgoltadh
crew	criutha
crewman	criutha
crib	crib
cricket	criogaid
cried	ghlaodh
crime	eucoir
criminal	eucoireach
criminality	eucorach
crimp	crimp
crimson	dearg
cringe	cringeadh
cripple	crioch
crippled	s an Iar-
crippling	sgiobalta
crisis	èiginn
crisp	crisp
crispy	crispy
criterion	criterion
critic	càineadh
critical	cruaidh
criticise	càineadh
criticism	càineadh
criticize	càineadh
criticized	càineadh
critique	breithneachadh
critter	critter
croak	croak
croc	croc
crock	crock
crockery	croisean
crocodile	crogall
croft	croit
croissant	sgaoileadh
crook	crook
crooked	cam
crop	bàrr
croquet	croquet
cross	crois
cross country	thar-dùthaich
crossbow	bogha-bhogha
crossed	thairis
crossfire	crois-chraobh
crossing	dol thairis
crossover	crossover
crosswalk	crosswalk
crossword	crossword
crotch	crotch
crouch	cromadh
crouched	crùbadh
crouching	a 'cromadh
croupier	cròpair
crow	feannag
crowbar	saoghail
crowd	sluagh
crowded	sluagh
crowds	sluagh
crown	crùn
crowning	a 'crùnadh
crucial	deatamach
cruciate	cruciate
crucifix	ceusadh
crucifixion	cruisneachadh
crucify	ceusadh
crud	crud
crude	amh
cruel	cruaidh
cruelly	cruaidh
cruelty	cruelty
cruise	cuairt-mara
cruise ship	bàta-turais
cruiser	cruiser
cruising	siubhal
crumb	crùbag
crumble	crumble
crumbling	crìonadh
crummy	crummy
crunch	criseadh
crunchy	crunchy
crusade	còmhdhail
crusader	cruadair
crush	crush
crushed	air a bhriseadh
crusher	brògair
crushing	a 'briseadh
crust	crust
crusty	sgudal
crutch	crutch
crux	crux
cry	caoineadh
crybaby	crìbag
crying	a 'caoineadh
crypt	crioch
cryptic	clach
cryptography	criptography
crystal	criostail
crystalline	criostail
crystallization	criostalan
cub	cub
cubby	cubby
cube	ciùb
cubic	ciùbach
cubicle	còmhdach
cuckold	cuckold
cuckoo	cuthag
cucumber	cucumber
cuddle	cuddle
cuddled	cuddled
cuddles	cuddles
cuddling	a 'cromadh
cue	cluinntinn
cuff	cuff
cuisine	biadh
culinary	saoghail
cull	caoidh
culminate	crìochnachadh
culmination	crìch
culpability	cionta
culpable	s an Iar-
culprit	a 'chùis
cult	cult
cultivate	àiteach
cultivated	àiteach
cultivation	àiteachadh
cultural	cultarail
culture	cultar
cultured	cultarach
culvert	cladhach
cumbersome	èibhinn
cumulus	cumulus
cunning	cunning
cunt	cunt
cup	cupa
cupboard	pròbhaist
cupcake	cupcake
cupping	cupping
cur	cur
curable	cothromach
curate	saighdear
curative	cùramach
curator	neach-glèidhidh
curb	sgoltadh
curd	sgaoileadh
cure	leigheas
curfew	curfew
curiosity	iongnadh
curious	neònach
curl	curl
curling	curladh
currency	airgead
current	làithreach
curriculum	curraicealam
curry	curry
curse	mhallachd
cursed	mallachd
cursing	mallachadh
cursory	sgaoileadh
curt	curt
curtail	lùghdachadh
curtailment	cuartachadh
curtain	cùirteir
curtains	cùirtearan
curtsy	curtsy
curvature	cuibhleachd
curve	lùb
curved	sgaoileadh
curvilinear	sgaoileadh
cushion	cuisean
cushy	cushy
cusp	Cus
cuss	cuss
cussed	sgaoileadh
custard	Cladard
custodial	dìon
custodian	gleidhidh
custody	cùram
custom	àbhaisteach
customary	àbhaisteach
customer	luchd-ceannach
customized	àbhaisteach
cut	gearradh
cutaneous	sneachda
cute	cute
cuticle	cuticle
cutie	gearradh
cutlass	gearradh glas
cutlery	snàithlean
cutoff	Geàrr dheth
cutter	gearradh
cutters	gearraidh
cutthroat	gearradh cruaidh
cutting	gearradh
cutting board	buain gearraidh
cuttings	gearraidhean
cwt	cwt
cyanide	cianide
cyberspace	cyberspace
cycle	rothaireachd
cyclical	ciorramach
cyclist	rothaiche
cyclone	rothaiche
cylinder	siolandair
cylindrical	siolandair
cymbal	cymbal
cynic	cuthaig
cynical	cianail
cynicism	cinnidheachd
cyst	cyst
cystic	cist
cytomegalovirus	citomegalovirus
cytoplasm	cytoplasm
czar	czar
dab	dab
dabble	dabble
dabbling	dabbling
dad	athair
daddy	dad
dado	NO TRANSLATION
daemon	daemon
daft	daft
dagger	biodag
daily	a h-uile latha
dainty	bòidheach
daiquiri	daiquiri
dairy	bainne
daisy	daisy
dak	NO TRANSLATION
dale	dale
dam	dama
damage	milleadh
damaged	milleadh
damages	milleadh
dame	dame
damn	damn
damnation	damnation
damned	damned
damp	taise
dampened	sgaoileadh
damper	sgoltadh
damsel	nighean
dance	dannsa
dancer	dannsair
dancing	dannsa
dandruff	dandruff
dandy	dandy
danger	cunnart
dangerous	cunnartach
dangerously	cunnartach
dangit	NO TRANSLATION
dangle	cunnartach
dank	NO TRANSLATION
dapper	dapper
dare	dare
daredevil	daredevil
daresay	sàmhach
daring	caoidh
dark	dorcha
darken	dorchadas
darkened	dorchadas
darkly	dorcha
darkness	dorchadas
darkroom	seòmar dorcha
darkside	air falbh
darling	leannan
darn	darn
dart	dart
dash	dash
dashboard	deas-bhòrd
dashed	sgaoileadh
dashing	dashing
dastardly	gu dòigheil
data	dàta
database	stòr-dàta
date	ceann-latha
datenight	NO TRANSLATION
daughter	nighean
dawdle	dawdle
dawn	dawn
dawned	s an Ear-Dheas
day	latha
daybreak	briseadh latha
daycare	cùram latha
daydream	sgaoileadh
daydreaming	sgaoileadh
daylight	solas an latha
daymade	NO TRANSLATION
dayoff	NO TRANSLATION
daytime	latha
daze	daze
dazed	sneachda
dazzle	dazzle
dazzling	sàmhach
deacon	deacon
deactivate	deactivate
dead	marbh
deadbeat	marbh
deadline	ceann-latha
deadlines	cinn-latha
deadlock	sgaoileadh
deadly	marbhtach
deaf	bodhar
deafening	bodhar
deafness	bodhar
deal	dèiligeadh
dealer	neach-malairt
dealership	dealership
dealing	dèiligeadh
dealings	gnothaichean
dean	Dean
dear	brònach
dearest	gaoil
dearth	dìomhaireachd
death	bàs
deathbed	leabaidh bàis
deathly	bàsachadh
debacle	dannsa
debased	sgaoileadh
debatable	deasbad
debate	deasbad
debauchery	bualadh
debenture	buannachd
debilitating	lùghdachadh
debit	fiachan
debrief	debrief
debriefing	breithneachadh
debris	sprùilleach
debt	fiachan
debtor	fiachan
debut	toiseach
debutante	debutante
decade	deichead
decadence	dealachadh
decadent	fàgail
decaf	decaf
decanter	sgaoileadh
decathlon	diadhaidh
decay	lobhadh
decayed	sguabadh às
decaying	a 'crìonadh
deceased	bàsachadh
decedent	dìtheas
deceit	meallta
deceitful	meallta
deceive	meallta
deceived	meallta
deceiving	meallta
december	An Dùbhlachd
decency	deònach
decent	cothromach
deception	milleadh
deceptive	duilich
decide	co-dhùnadh
decidedly	gu co-dhùnadh
deciduous	gruamach
decimal	deicheach
decimeter	tomhas-tomhais
decipher	deisealachadh
decision	co-dhùnadh
decisive	dearbhach
deck	deic
declaration	dearbhadh
declaratory	dearbhadh
declare	innse
declination	crìonadh
decline	crìonadh
declining	a 'crìonadh
deco	sgeadachadh
decode	decodadh
decoder	decoder
decompose	dealachadh
decomposed	dealachadh
decomposition	cromadh
decompress	decompress
decompression	dìomhaireachd
decontamination	dì-mhilleadh
decor	sgeadachadh
decorate	sgeadachadh
decorating	sgeadachadh
decoration	sgeadachadh
decorative	sgeadachadh
decorator	sgeadachaidh
decorum	deasaich |
decoy	sgeadachadh
decrease	lùghdachadh
decreased	lùghdachadh
decreasing	lùghdachadh
decree	òrdugh
decrement	lùghdachadh
decrepit	sgaoileadh
decry	deiseil
decryption	dì-chriochnachadh
dedicate	coisrigte
dedication	dìcheall
deduce	thoir
deduct	falbh
deductible	so-ruigsinneach
deduction	sgaoileadh
deed	gnìomh
deejay	deejay
deem	cùis-lagha
deep	domhainn
deepen	domhainn
deer	fèidh
defamation	mì-chliù
defamatory	smear
default	bunaiteach
defeat	defeat
defeated	bhuail
defeatist	defeatist
defect	lochd
defection	buaidh
defective	lochtach
defector	buaidh
defend	dìon
defendant	dìonach
defended	air a dhìon
defender	dìonach
defending	a 'dìon
defense	dìon
defenseless	gun dìon
defensible	dìonach
defensive	dìon
defer	siar
deference	deference
deferral	cur dheth
deferring	tagradh
defiance	aimhreit
defiant	mì-thoilichte
defibrillator	defibrillator
deficiency	easbhaidh
deficient	easbhaidh
deficit	easbhaidh
define	mìneachadh
defined	mìneachadh
definite	deiseil
definition	mìneachadh
definitive	deimhinnte
deflate	sguabadh às
deflation	sgoltadh
deflect	sguabadh às
deflection	milleadh
defloration	crìonadh
deform	deform
deformed	deformed
deformity	deformity
defraud	sàbhaladh
defray	toirt seachad
defrost	tubaist
deft	deft
defunct	dhìochuimhnich
defuse	sguabadh às
defy	dùbhlan
degeneracy	degeneracy
degenerate	degenerate
degeneration	degeneration
degradation	degradation
degrade	degrade
degraded	air a chall
degrading	ag atharrachadh
degree	ceum
dehydrated	dehydrated
dehydration	dehydration
dejected	sneachda
delay	dàil
delayed	dàil
delectable	deònach
delegate	riochdaire
delegation	riochdachadh
delete	sguab às
deleterious	mì-thoilichte
deletion	sguabadh às
deli	deli
deliberate	deiseil
deliberation	deasbad
deliberative	deasbaid
delicacy	bòidhchead
delicate	bòidheach
delicatessen	bèicearan-bìdh
delicious	bòidheach
delight	tlachd
delighted	air leth toilichte
delightful	tlachdmhor
delineate	sgaoileadh
delineation	sònrachadh
delinquency	delinquence
delinquent	ciontach
delirious	saoghail
delirium	deirium
deliver	lìbhrigeadh
deliverance	saorsa
delivery	lìbhrigeadh
dell	dell
delta	delta
delude	sgaoileadh
deluge	sgaoileadh
delusion	dealachadh
delusional	deònach
deluxe	deluxe
delve	saoghail
demand	iarrtas
demanding	ag iarraidh
demeaned	s an Iar-
demeaning	sgaoileadh
demeanor	sìth
demented	s an Iar-
dementia	dementia
demise	crìonadh
demo	demo
democracy	deamocrasaidh
democrat	deamocratach
democratic	deamocratach
demographic	deamografach
demolish	leagail
demolished	leagail
demolition	leagail
demon	deam
demonic	deuchainn
demonstrable	nochdte
demonstrate	sealltainn
demonstrated	air a shealltainn
demonstrating	a 'taisbeanadh
demonstration	taisbeanadh
demonstrative	taisbeanadh
demonstrator	neach-taisbeanaidh
demoralized	dealaichte
demos	demos
demure	dealachadh
den	NO TRANSLATION
deniability	deniability
denial	denial
denied	dhiùltadh
denim	denim
denomination	seòrsa
denominational	ainmichte
denominator	seòrsaiche
denote	comharrachadh
denounce	den bheachd
dense	dlùth
density	dùmhlachd
dent	fiaclair
dental	fiaclaireachd
dentist	fiaclair
dentistry	fiaclaireachd
dentists	fiaclairean
denunciation	denunciation
deny	dhiùlt
denying	a 'diùltadh
deodorant	deodorant
depart	falbh
departed	dh 'fhalbh
department	roinn
departmental	roinn
departure	fàgail
depend	an crochadh
dependable	neo-eisimeileach
dependant	eisimeileach
dependence	eisimeileachd
dependency	eisimeileachd
dependent	eisimeileach
depict	dealbh
depicting	a 'sealltainn
depletion	òl
deplorable	mì-thoilichte
deplore	deplore
deploy	cleachdadh
deployment	cleachdadh
deport	spòrs
deportation	sgaoileadh
depose	depose
deposit	tasgaidh
depositary	tasgaidh
deposition	tasgadh
depository	tasgaidh
depot	dealain
depraved	mì-fhortanach
depravity	dealachaidh
depreciate	ìsleachadh
depreciated	ìsleachadh
depreciation	ìsleachadh
depress	bochd
depressed	dona
depressing	dìomhaireachd
depression	sneachda
depressive	bochd
depresson	NO TRANSLATION
deprivation	bochdainn
deprive	caochladh
deprived	bochdainn
depth	doimhneachd
deputy	leas-cheannard
derail	derail
deranged	deanged
derelict	fàgail
derision	milleadh
derivation	derivation
derivative	derivative
derive	sgaoileadh
dermal	dermal
dermatologist	dermatologist
dermatology	dermatology
derogation	maoidheadh
derogatory	mì-riaghailteach
descend	dealachadh
descendant	sliochd
descendent	NO TRANSLATION
descending	a 'teàrnadh
descent	shliochd
describe	cunntas
description	Tuairisgeul
descriptive	tuairisgeul
desecrate	sgaoileadh
desecration	ciùradh
desert	fàsach
deserted	fàsach
deserter	fàsach
desertion	fàsach
deserve	mearachd
deserved	airidh air
deserving	mealladh
design	dealbhadh
designate	ainmeachadh
designated	ainmichte
designation	ainmeachadh
designed	air a dhealbhadh
designer	dealbhaiche
designing	a 'dealbhadh
desirability	deimhinn
desirable	ion-mhiannaichte
desire	miann
desiring	ag iarraidh
desirous	ag iarraidh
desist	desist
desk	deasg
desolate	falamh
desolation	sònrachadh
despair	an-dòchas
despairing	an-dòchas
despatch	sgaoileadh
desperado	deisealachadh
desperate	èiginneach
desperation	èiginn
despicable	gun teagamh
despise	sguabadh às
despondent	duilich
despotic	despotic
despotism	dìomhaireachd
dessert	milseag
destination	ceann-uidhe
destined	dh 'fhalbh
destiny	dànachd
destitute	sìorraidh
destroy	sgrios
destroyed	sgrios
destroyer	sgriosair
destroying	a 'milleadh
destruct	destruct
destruction	sgrios
destructive	millteach
detach	sgaoileadh
detached	air leth
detachment	sgaoileadh
detail	mion-fhiosrachadh
detailed	mionaideach
details	mion-fhiosrachadh
detain	cùm a chumail
detainee	cùlaibh
detect	lorg
detectable	lorg
detection	lorg
detective	detective
detector	detector
detention	glèidheadh
deter	stad
detergent	uisge-beatha
deteriorate	dol sìos
deteriorated	milleadh
deteriorating	a 'crìonadh
deterioration	ìsleachadh
determinable	deiseil
determinate	a 'dearbhadh
determination	dearbhadh
determine	co-dhùnadh
determined	air a dhearbhadh
deterrent	stad
detest	faireachdainn
detestation	cladhach
detonate	sgaoileadh
detonation	cladhach
detonator	bhriseadh
detour	sgaoileadh
detract	cuir stad air
detriment	droch bhuaidh
detrimental	droch bhuaidh
detritus	sgaoileadh
deuce	deuce
deutschmark	deutschmark
devalued	luachmhor
devastate	sgrios
devastated	air a sgrios
devastating	tubaisteach
devastation	tubaist
develop	leasachadh
developer	leasachaidh
developing	leasachadh
development	leasachadh
deviant	s an Iar-
deviate	sgaradh
deviating	sgaoileadh
deviation	rèiteachadh
device	inneal
devil	diabhal
deviled	s an Iar-
devilish	deamach
devious	devious
devise	dealbhadh
devoid	gun fhiosta
devolution	fèin-riaghladh
devolve	sgaoileadh
devote	a 'toirt seachad
devoted	s an Iar-
devotee	dìleab
devotion	dealachadh
devotional	devotional
devour	dealachadh
devout	beòthail
dew	dew
dexter	dexter
dexterity	dìomhaireachd
dextrose	dextrose
diabetes	siùcair
diabetic	diadhachdach
diabolical	sgaoileadh
diagnose	breithneachadh
diagnosis	breithneachadh
diagnostic	sgrùdadh
diagnostics	breithneachaidh
diagonal	trastanach
diagram	diagram
dial	dhìleas
dialect	dualchainnt
dialectic	dualchainnt
dialogue	còmhradh
dialysis	dialysis
diameter	trast-thomhas
diamond	daoimean
diamonds	diamonds
diaper	diaper
diaphragm	diaphragm
diarrhea	buinneach
diarrhoea	buinneach
diary	leabhar-latha
diatribe	diatribe
dib	NO TRANSLATION
dibs	dibs
dice	dàin
dicey	Dìleas
dichotomous	dichotomous
dichotomy	dichotomy
dick	dick
dickhead	dannsa
dicks	dicks
dictate	ag ràdh
dictation	òrdugh
dictator	deachdaire
dictatorial	deachdaire
dictatorship	deachdaireachd
diction	aithris
dictionary	faclair
dictum	NO TRANSLATION
didactic	sgaoileadh
diddle	diddle
die	NO TRANSLATION
died	bàs
diesel	diesel
diet	daithead
dietary	biadh
differ	eadar-dhealaichte
difference	eadar-dhealachadh
differences	eadar-dhealachaidhean
different	eadar-dhealaichte
differential	diofraichte
differentiation	eadar-dhealachadh
differently	eadar-dhealaichte
differing	eadar-dhealaichte
difficult	duilich
difficulties	duilgheadasan
difficulty	duilgheadas
diffuse	eadar-dhealaichte
diffusion	sgaoileadh
dig	NO TRANSLATION
digest	cladhach
digestion	cladhach
digestive	cladhach
digit	digit
digital	digiteach
dignified	urramach
dignify	urramach
dignity	urram
digress	sgaoileadh
digs	NO TRANSLATION
dike	dike
dilapidated	sgaoileadh
dilatation	dilatation
dilation	dilation
dildo	dildo
dilemma	duilgheadas
diligence	dìcheall
diligent	dìcheallach
dill	dill
diluent	sgaoileadh
dilute	caolaich
diluted	air a thiormachadh
dilution	dilution
dim	dim
dime	dime
dimension	tomhas
dimensional	dimensional
diminish	lùghdaich
diminished	lùghdachadh
diminution	lùghdachadh
diminutive	beag
dimwit	cha mhòr
din	NO TRANSLATION
dine	dine
diner	dinneir
dinghy	dinghy
dingo	dingo
dingy	dingy
dining	biadh
dinky	dinky
dinner	dinnear
dinnertime	dinnertime
dinosaur	dineosaur
dint	dint
diocesan	diocesan
diocese	sgìre-easbaig
diorama	diorama
dioxide	dà-ogsaid
dip	dip
diploma	diploma
diplomacy	diplomacy
diplomat	dioplòmair
diplomatic	dioplòmasach
dipper	dipper
dippy	dippy
dipstick	dipstick
dire	NO TRANSLATION
direct	dìreach
directed	stiùirichte
direction	slighe
directive	stiùireadh
directly	gu dìreach
director	stiùiriche
directory	eòlaire
dirt	dirt
dirty	salach
disability	ciorram
disable	dhì-cheadachadh
disabled	ciorramach
disadvantage	ana-cothrom
disaffected	mì-thoilichte
disagree	ag eas-aontachadh
disagreeable	mì-thoilichte
disagreeing	ag eas-aontachadh
disagreement	eas-aonta
disallow	gun a bhith a 'fàgail
disallowed	gun chead
disapointment	NO TRANSLATION
disappear	a 'dol à sealladh
disappearance	falbh
disappearing	a 'dol à bith
disappoint	briseadh dùil
disappointed	briseadh dùil
disappointing	briseadh dùil
disappointment	briseadh-dùil
disapproval	diofraichte
disapprove	mì-thoilichte
disapproved	mì-fhreagarrach
disapproving	mì-fhreagarrach
disarm	dì-armachadh
disarray	mì-fhortanach
disaster	tubaist
disastrous	tubaist
disband	sgaoileadh
disbelief	creideamh
disbelieve	dì-chreidsinn
disburse	sgaoileadh
disbursement	sgaoileadh
disc	diosg
discard	Cuir air chùl
discarded	sgaoileadh
discards	fàgail
discern	a 'faicinn
discernible	aithnichte
discerning	a 'faicinn
discernment	tuigse
discharge	sgaoileadh
disciple	disciple
disciplinary	smachdachadh
discipline	smachd
disciplined	smachdachadh
disclaim	sgaoileadh
disclaimer	àicheadh
disclose	sgaoileadh
disclosed	sgaoileadh
disclosure	sgaoileadh
disco	disco
discoloration	mì-chothromachadh
discolored	sgaoileadh
discomfort	mì-chofhurtachd
disconcerted	mì-chinnteach
disconcerting	mì-chinnteach
disconnect	dì-cheangal
disconnected	sgaoileadh
disconnection	dì-cheangal
disconnects	sgaoileadh
discontent	mì-thoilichte
discontinuance	crìochnachadh
discontinue	stad
discontinuity	neo-leantalachd
discontinuous	sgaoileadh
discord	dragh
discount	lasachadh
discounted	lasachadh
discourage	dì-mhisneachadh
discouraged	mì-mhisneach
discouragement	mì-mhisneachadh
discouraging	mì-mhisneachadh
discourse	còmhradh
discover	faighinn a-mach
discovery	lorg
discredit	mì-fhortanach
discredited	mì-fhortanach
discreet	NO TRANSLATION
discrepancy	mì-chothrom
discrete	air leth
discretion	roghainn
discretionary	roghainn
discriminate	lethbhreith
discriminating	lethbhreith
discrimination	lethbhreith
discus	sgaoileadh
discuss	bruidhinn
discussion	deasbad
disdain	dì-mhisneachadh
disdainful	mì-chinnteach
disease	galar
diseased	galar
disembodied	sgaoileadh
disengage	stad
disengagement	dol an sàs
disfigured	neo-fhoirmeil
disgrace	nàire
disgraced	dìomhaireachd
disgraceful	nàireil
disgruntled	mì-thoilichte
disguise	smuaineachadh
disguised	sgaoileadh
disgust	dìomhaireachd
disgusted	aodach
disgusting	sgreamhail
dish	dish
disheartened	mì-chinnteach
disheartening	mì-fhortanach
dishonest	neo-onarach
dishonesty	eas-onair
dishonor	mì-onair
dishonorable	dishonorable
dishwasher	inneal-aiteachaidh
disillusionment	milleadh
disinclination	mì-mhìneachadh
disincline	mì-chriochnachadh
disinclined	mì-chinnteach
disinfect	dì-ghalarachadh
disinfectant	dì-ghalamh
disinfection	dì-ghalarachadh
disinformation	mì-fhiosrachadh
disingenuous	mì-thoilichte
disintegrate	sgaoileadh
disintegration	sgaradh
disinterested	neo-inntinneach
disjoint	sgaoileadh
disjointed	sgaoileadh
disjunctive	mì-ghnàthach
disk	diosca
diskette	sgaoileadh
dislike	mì-thoilichte
disliked	mì-thoilichte
disliking	mì-thoilichte
dislocated	sgaoileadh
dislocation	sgaoileadh
dislodge	sgaoileadh
disloyal	mì-fhoirmeil
disloyalty	dìleasachd
dismal	gun teagamh
dismantle	sgaoileadh
dismay	sàrachadh
dismayed	eagal
dismemberment	dùnadh
dismiss	fàgail
dismissal	dìmeas
dismissive	dhiùlt
dismount	sgaoileadh
disobedience	mì-chomas
disobedient	neo-eisimeileach
disobey	mì-chinnt
disorder	mì-rian
disordered	neo-òrdaichte
disorderly	mì-rianail
disorganized	mì-eagraichte
disorientation	sàrachadh
disoriented	mì-thoilichte
disown	dì-ghairm
disparage	mì-thoilichte
disparaging	sàmhach
disparate	dhealaichte
disparity	neo-ionannachd
dispassionate	sgaoileadh
dispatch	sgaoileadh
dispatcher	sgaoileadh
dispel	sgaoileadh
dispensary	sgaoileadh
dispensation	sgaoileadh
dispense	sgaoileadh
dispenser	sgaoileadh
dispersal	sgaoileadh
disperse	sgaoileadh
dispersed	sgapte
dispersion	sgaoileadh
dispirited	sgaoileadh
displace	àiteachadh
displaced	sgaoileadh
displacement	àiteachadh
displacency	mì-chùis
display	taisbeanadh
displease	mì-thoilichte
displeased	mì-thoilichte
displeasure	mì-thoilichte
disposable	tairgse
disposal	sgaoileadh
dispose	dhìteadh
disposed	sgaoileadh
disposition	sgaoileadh
dispossessed	àicheadh
disprove	sgaoileadh
dispute	deasbad
disqualification	dì-cheadachadh
disqualified	dì-cheadachadh
disqualify	dì-cheadachadh
disquieted	èibhinn
disregard	àicheadh
disregarded	neo-eisimeileach
disrelish	sgeadachadh
disreputable	mì-chothromach
disrepute	mì-mhisneachd
disrespect	dìomhaireachd
disrespectful	mì-thoilichte
disrupt	briseadh
disrupting	a 'cur dragh air
disruption	briseadh
disruptive	duilich
dissatisfaction	mì-thoilichte
dissatisfied	mì-riaraichte
dissect	sgaoileadh
dissection	sgaoileadh
disseminate	sgaoileadh
dissemination	sgaoileadh
dissension	an-aghaidh
dissent	mì-thoilichte
dissenting	ag aontachadh
dissertation	tràchdas
disservice	mì-thoilichte
dissident	dissident
dissimilar	eadar-dhealaichte
dissipate	sgaoileadh
dissipated	sgaoileadh
dissociation	sgaoileadh
dissociative	dissociative
dissolution	sgaoileadh
dissolve	sgaoileadh
dissonance	sgaoileadh
dissuade	sàrachadh
distal	distal
distance	astar
distant	fada
distaste	sgaoileadh
distasteful	mì-thoilichte
distillate	sgileil
distillation	grùdaireachd
distilled	sgileadh
distinct	eadar-dhealaichte
distinction	sgaradh
distinctive	sònraichte
distinguish	eadar-dhealachadh
distinguishable	eadar-dhealaichte
distinguished	cliùiteach
distinguishing	comharrachadh
distort	a 'toirt buaidh air
distorted	air a dhubhadh às
distortion	sgoltadh
distract	bualadh
distracted	bualadh
distracting	a 'bualadh air
distraction	tàladh
distraught	dragh
distress	èiginn
distressed	duilich
distressing	duilich
distribute	sgaoileadh
distribution	sgaoileadh
distributor	sgaoileadh
district	sgìre
distrust	mì-earbsa
disturb	dragh
disturbance	dragh
disturbed	dragh air
disturbing	dragh
disuse	mì-chleachdadh
disused	sgaoileadh
ditch	dìg
ditto	ditto
ditty	ditty
diurnal	latha
diva	diva
divan	NO TRANSLATION
dive	sgaoileadh
diver	diver
diverge	sgaoileadh
divergence	sgaoileadh
divergent	sgaoilte
diverging	sgaoileadh
divers	diversaichean
diverse	eadar-mheasgte
diversified	iomadachadh
diversify	iomadachadh
diversion	iomadachd
diversionary	gluasadan
diversity	iomadachd
divert	tarraing air falbh
diverting	ag adhartachadh
divest	sgaoileadh
divested	air a leigeil dheth
divestment	sgaoileadh
divide	divide
divided	roinnte
dividend	dividend
divination	divinachd
divine	diadhaidh
divinity	diadhachd
divisible	sgaradh
division	roinn
divisor	divisor
divorce	sgaradh
divorcee	sgaradh
divulge	sgaoileadh
divvy	divvy
dizziness	mearachd
dizzy	dizzy
do	dèan
doable	do-dhèanta
doc	doc
docile	duilich
dock	dock
docked	air an dùnadh
docket	docket
docking	docking
doctor	dotair
doctorate	dotaireachd
doctrinal	teagasg
doctrine	teagaisg
document	sgrìobhainn
documentary	aithriseachd
documentation	sgrìobhainnean
documents	sgrìobhainnean
dodge	dodge
dodger	sgaoileadh
dodging	tighinn a-mach
dodgy	tighinn
dodo	dodo
doe	dèan
doer	dh 'fhalbh
dog	cù
dogface	Cùmhnantan-cleachdaidh
dogged	s an Iar-
doggy	cùram
doghouse	doghouse
dogma	dogma
dogmatic	cuspair
dogsick	NO TRANSLATION
doings	dèan
doit	NO TRANSLATION
dojo	dojo
doldrums	doldrums
dole	dole
doll	doll
dollar	dollar
dollhouse	dollhouse
dolor	NO TRANSLATION
dolphin	leumadair
domain	àrainn
dome	droma
domestic	dachaigh
domesticated	s an Iar-
domestication	dachaigh
domicile	dachaigh
domiciled	dachaigh
dominance	ceannasachd
dominant	uachdarain
dominate	gu mòr
dominating	a 'toirt buaidh air
domination	uachdaranachd
dominatrix	dominatrix
dominion	riaghladh
domino	domino
don	don
donate	toirt seachad
donation	tabhartas
donkey	asal
donor	toirt seachad
dontlikeyou	NO TRANSLATION
dontmess	NO TRANSLATION
dontmesswithme	gun teagamh
dontpanic	dontpanach
dontunderstand	NO TRANSLATION
doodle	doodle
doom	tha
doomed	s an Iar-
doomsday	Dimàirt
door	doras
doorbell	clachan an dorais
doorknob	doorknob
doorman	neach-raoin
doormat	drùid
doornail	doras
doorstep	doras
doorway	doras
dopamine	dopamine
dope	dope
dopey	dopey
dork	dork
dorky	dorky
dorm	dorm
dormant	sàmhach
dormitory	seòmar-cadail
dorsal	dorsal
dosage	dosage
dose	dose
dossier	dossier
dot	dot
doting	doting
dotted	dotted
dotty	dotty
double	dùbailte
doubled	dùblachadh
doublet	dùbailte
doubling	dùblachadh
doubt	teagamh
doubtful	teagmhach
doubting	a 'teagamh
doubtless	Gun teagamh
doubts	teagamh
douche	douche
douchebags	douchebags
dough	taois
doughboy	doughboy
doughnut	donut
dour	dour
douse	douse
dove	colman
down	sìos
downcast	sgaoileadh
downer	nas ìsle
downfall	tuiteam
downfield	faiche sìos
downhearted	sàmhach
downhill	cnoc sìos
download	luchdaich sìos
downpour	sgaoileadh
downright	gu dearbh
downriver	sgaoileadh
downside	sìos
downtime	downtime
downward	sìos
downy	sneachda
dowry	toraidh
doze	s an Iar-
dozen	dusan
drab	drab
draft	dreachd
drafty	draoidh
drag	dragh
dragon	dragan
dragonfly	nathrach-dè
drain	drain
drainage	draenadh
drained	drèanadh
draining	draining
drainpipe	pìob drain
drake	draoidh
drama	dràma
dramaqueen	NO TRANSLATION
dramatic	dràma
drape	drape
drapery	drapery
drastic	drasta
drat	NO TRANSLATION
draught	dreachd
draw	tarraing
drawback	s an Iar-
drawbridge	drochaid-thogalach
drawer	drathair
drawers	dealbhan
drawing	tarraing
dread	eagal
dreaded	eagal
dreadful	eagalach
dreadfully	gu dòigheil
dreading	eagal
dream	aisling
dreamboat	aislingboat
dreamer	bruadar
dreaming	bruadar
dreamland	aisling
dreams	aislingean
dreamt	aisling
dreamy	aisling
dreary	dreary
dredge	dredge
drenched	sgaoileadh
dress	aodach
dresser	dreasair
dressmaker	aodach
dressy	èideadh
dribble	NO TRANSLATION
dried	tiormachadh
drier	tioram
drift	drift
drifted	sgaoileadh
drifter	drifter
driftwood	driftwood
drill	drile
drink	deoch
drinker	deoch
drinking	ag òl
drinks	deochan
drip	drip
dripping	a 'bleith
drive	dràibheadh
drivel	sgaoileadh
driver	dràibhear
driveway	slighe
drizzle	Frasan tàirneanaich
droll	droll
drone	drone
drones	drones
drool	drool
drooping	dol fodha
droopy	droopy
drop	tuiteam
droplet	droplet
dropout	Leig às
dropper	sgaoileadh
drought	tart
drove	NO TRANSLATION
drown	bàthadh
drowsiness	trioblaid
drowsy	duilich
drudgery	drudgery
drug	druga
drug dealing	dèiligeadh ri drogaichean
drugged	drogaichean
druggist	drugaiche
drugs	drugaichean
drugstore	drugaireachd
druid	draid
drum	druma
drummer	drumaire
drumming	drumaireachd
drunk	deoch
drunk driving	dràibheadh ​​le deoch
drunkard	deoch
drunken	deoch
drunkenness	deoch
dry	tioram
dryer	tiormaiche
dryness	driadachd
dual	dà-chànanach
dualism	dualism
duality	dà-chànanas
dub	dub
dubious	dubhach
duchess	dà-diùc
duck	tunnag
ducking	dol fodha
duckling	duckling
ducky	ducky
duct	duct
ductile	sgaoileadh
dud	dud
dude	dude
duds	duds
due	a dhìth
duel	duel
dues	cìsean
duet	duet
duffel	duffel
dugout	dugout
duh	duh
duke	duke
dull	gann
dullard	deasaich |
dumb	balbh
dumbasses	dumbasses
dumbbell	dumbbell
dumbbitch	NO TRANSLATION
dumfound	rèidh
dumfounder	NO TRANSLATION
dummy	falach
dump	dump
dumpling	dumpling
dumps	trannsaichean
dumpster	dumpster
dun	dun
dunce	dunce
dune	dune
dung	NO TRANSLATION
dungeon	dungeon
dunk	dunk
duo	dithis
dupe	dupe
duplex	duplex
duplicate	dùblachadh
duplication	dùblachadh
duplicity	dùblachadh
durability	durability
durable	seasmhach
duration	ùine
duress	tubaist
dusk	oidhche
dusky	dusky
dust	dust
duster	duster
dustpan	saoghail
dusty	dusty
dutiful	diadhaidh
duty	dleasdanas
dwarf	dwarf
dwarfed	dwarfed
dweeb	dweeb
dwell	fuireach
dweller	còmhnaidh
dwelling	còmhnaidh
dye	dath
dying	a 'bàsachadh
dyke	gàrradh
dynamic	fiùghantach
dynamical	dà-chànanach
dynamics	dinamics
dynamite	dynamite
dynamo	dynamo
dynasty	rìghrean
dysentery	dysentery
dysfunction	dysfunction
dysfunctional	mì-ghnìomhach
dyspepsia	dyspepsia
eager	èibhinn
eagerness	èiginn
eagle	iolaire
ear	cluas
earful	s an Iar-
earl	iarla
earlier	na bu tràithe
early	tràth
earn	cosnadh
earnest	sìorrachd
earnestly	gu dùrachdach
earnestness	sìorrachd
earnings	cosnadh
earpiece	earball
earring	cluaise
earrings	cluaisean
earshot	cluasan
earth	talamh
earthenware	talamh crèadha
earthling	crith-talmhainn
earthly	saoghail
earthquake	crith-thalmhainn
earthy	saoghalach
ease	furasta
easel	easel
easement	easement
easily	furasta
east	ear
eastbound	air an taobh an ear
eastern	an ear
easy	furasta
easygoing	Gluasad gu furasta
eat	ithe
eater	luchd-ithe
eating	ag ithe
eatingdisorders	NO TRANSLATION
eavesdrop	alasdrop
eavesdropping	sgaoileadh
ebb	ebb
ebony	ebony
ebullient	eireachdail
eccentric	sgaoileadh
eccentricity	eireachdail
ecclesiastical	eaglaiseil
echelon	echelon
echinacea	echinacea
echo	echo
eclectic	sgaoileadh
eclipse	eclipse
ecliptic	ecliptic
ecological	eag-eòlas
economic	eaconamach
economical	eaconamach
economics	eaconamachd
economy	eaconamaidh
ecosystem	eag-shiostam
ecstasy	sgaoileadh
ecstatic	s an Iar-
ecumenical	eachdraidheil
eddy	eddy
edema	edema
edge	oir
edging	iomall
edgy	deasaich |
edible	deiseil
edict	edict
edification	edification
edifice	edifice
edit	deasaich
editing	deasachadh
edition	eagrachadh
editor	deasaiche
editorial	deasachadh
educate	foghlam
educated	foghlam
education	foghlam
educational	foghlam
educator	foghlam
eeeek	NO TRANSLATION
eeek	NO TRANSLATION
eek	eek
eel	easgann
eerie	eerie
effect	buaidh
effective	èifeachdach
effectiveness	èifeachdas
effects	buaidh
effectual	èifeachdach
effectually	gu h-èifeachdach
effectuate	sgaoileadh
effeminate	sgaoileadh
efficacious	èifeachd
efficacy	èifeachd
efficiency	èifeachdas
efficient	èifeachdach
effigy	ìomhaigh
effort	oidhirp
effortless	s an Iar-
effusion	sgaoileadh
effyou	NO TRANSLATION
egg	ugh
egghead	ughhead
eggnog	megnog
eggplant	megplant
eggshell	uighean
ego	ego
egomaniac	meomaniac
egotistical	mearachdach
egregious	uabhasach math
egress	mach
eight	ochd
eighteen	ochd-deug
eighth	an t-ochdamh
eighty	ochdad
ejaculate	ejaculate
ejaculation	ejaculation
eject	sgaoileadh
ejection	ejection
elaborate	sgaoileadh
elaboration	deasachadh
elan	NO TRANSLATION
elapse	air falbh
elapsed	sgaoileadh
elastic	elastic
elasticity	elasticity
elated	elated
elation	elation
elbow	uilinn
eld	ed
elder	seann
elderly	seann daoine
elders	seanairean
eldest	as sine
elect	taghadh
election	taghadh
elective	roghnach
elector	elector
electoral	bhòtadh
electorate	luchd-taghaidh
electric	uisge
electric slide	sleamhnag dealain
electrical	dealain
electrician	dealanach
electricity	dealan
electrify	taghadh
electrocute	sgaoileadh
electrocution	smachdachadh
electromagnetic	electromagnetic
electron	electron
electronic	dealanach
electronics	electronics
elegance	eireachdail
elegant	eireachdail
element	eileamaid
elemental	elemental
elementary	bunasach
elements	eileamaidean
elephant	ailbhean
elevate	àrdachadh
elevated	àrdachadh
elevation	àrdachadh
elevator	àrdachadh
eleven	aon-deug
eleventh	an aon-deugamh
elf	elf
elicit	airidh
eligible	ion-roghnach
eliminate	cuir às
elimination	sgaoileadh
elite	laite
elitist	elitist
elixir	elixir
elk	elk
ell	ell
ellipse	ellipse
ellipsis	eisean
ellipsoid	ellipsoid
elliptic	elliptic
elliptical	eipteach
elm	elm
elongate	fada
elongation	leudachadh
elope	elope
eloquence	eloquence
eloquent	deònach
elucidate	snasail
elucidation	sònrachadh
elude	elude
elusive	èibhinn
emaciated	sgaoileadh
email	post-dealain
emanate	sgaoileadh
emancipation	emancipation
embankment	embank
embargo	NO TRANSLATION
embark	tòiseachadh
embarrass	nàire
embarrassed	nàire
embarrassing	nàire
embarrassment	nàire
embassy	ambasàd
embattled	sgaoileadh
embed	steach
embellish	èisdeachd
embellishment	sgeadachadh
embers	s an Iar-
embezzlement	bualadh
embezzler	sneachda
emblem	suaicheantas
emblematic	comharraichte
embodiment	ionnsaigh
embolism	ionnsaighean
embossed	s an Iar-
embrace	gabhail ris
embroidered	air a sgeadachadh
embroidery	sgeadachadh
embroiled	s an Ear-Dheas
embryo	embryo
embryonic	sgaoileadh
emcee	eadhon
emerald	smàirde
emerge	nochdadh
emergence	tòiseachadh
emergency	èiginn
emeritus	emeritus
emery	sneachda
emetophobia	emetophobia
emigrate	eilthireachd
emigration	eilthireachd
eminence	eminence
eminent	eireachdail
eminently	gu h-àrd
emir	NO TRANSLATION
emissary	emissary
emission	sgaoileadh
emit	sgaoileadh
emo	emo
emotion	faireachdainn
emotional	faireachail
emotive	faireachail
empathic	èibhinn
empathize	co-fhaireachdainn
empathy	co-fhaireachdainn
emperor	imrich
emphasis	cudrom
emphasize	cuideam
emphatic	sgaoileadh
emphysema	emphysema
empire	ìmpireachd
empirical	ìmpireachdach
empiricism	empiricism
employ	fhastadh
employee	obrach
employer	fastaiche
employment	cosnadh
emporium	emporium
empower	cumhachd a thoirt seachad
empress	empress
emptiness	falamh
emption	emption
empty	falamh
emu	emu
emulate	emulate
emulsion	emulsion
enable	comas a thoirt
enablement	comasachadh
enact	achdachadh
enactment	achdachadh
enamel	annamal
encampment	champa
enchant	dàn
enchanted	sgaoileadh
enchanting	fiadhaich
enchantment	sìorrachd
enchantress	gaisgeach
enchilada	enchilada
encircle	sgaoileadh
encircling	a 'cuairteachadh
enclave	enclave
enclose	cuir a-steach
enclosure	cuartachadh
encode	còdachadh
encomiastic	NO TRANSLATION
encomium	encomium
encompass	còmhdach
encore	NO TRANSLATION
encounter	coinneachadh
encourage	brosnachadh
encouraged	brosnachadh
encouragement	brosnachadh
encouraging	brosnachadh
encroach	sabaid
encroachment	sabaid
encrypt	criochnaich
encryption	crioptachadh
encumbrance	s an Iar-
encyclopedia	sgaoileadh
end	deireadh
end table	bòrd crìoch
endanger	cunnart
endangered	ann an cunnart
endangerment	cunnart
endearing	sìorraidh
endeavor	oidhirp
ended	chrìochnaich
endemic	neo-eisimeileach
endgame	deireadh-ainm
ending	crìochnachadh
endless	neo-chrìochnach
endocarditis	endocarditis
endorse	aonta
endorsement	aonta
endow	Alba | Naidheachdan |
endowed	ceadaichte
endowment	buannachadh
endpapers	pàipearan-crìochnachaidh
endpoint	aig an deireadh
endurance	caranachd
endure	fulaing
enduring	seasmhach
enema	enema
enemy	nàmhaid
energetic	beòthail
energize	cumhachdachadh
energy	lùth
enforce	cuir an gnìomh
enforcement	cur an gnìomh
enforcer	chiad sreath
engage	gabh pàirt
engaged	gabhail pàirt
engagement	dol an sàs
engaging	tàladh
engender	ionaltradh
engine	einnsean
engineer	innleadair
engineering	innleadaireachd
engrave	gràbhaladh
engraved	gràbhaladh
engraver	gràbhaladh
engraving	gràbhaladh
engrossed	s an Iar-
engrossing	s an Iar-
engulf	sneachda
enhance	àrdachadh
enhancement	àrdachadh
enigma	enigma
enigmatic	iongantach
enjoin	sgaoileadh
enjoy	tlachd
enjoyable	tlachdmhor
enjoying	a 'gabhail tlachd
enjoyment	tlachd
enlarge	meudachadh
enlarged	meudachadh
enlargement	meudachadh
enlighten	soillseachadh
enlightened	air a shoilleireachadh
enlightening	soillseachadh
enlightenment	soillseachadh
enlist	sgaoileadh
enliven	beò
enmity	iomadachd
ennui	inntui
enormity	uabhasach mòr
enormous	uabhasach mòr
enormously	gu mòr
enraged	gealladh
enrich	beairteas
enroll	clàraich
enrollment	clàradh
ensemble	co-chruinneachadh
ensign	ainm
enslave	saoradh
enslaved	saoradh
enslavement	foillseachadh
ensue	nochdadh
ensure	dèanamh cinnteach
entail	ciallachadh
entangled	steach
entanglement	gabhail a-steach
enter	steach
enterprise	iomairt
enterprising	iomairteach
entertain	fèisteas
entertained	fèisteas
entertainer	fèistear
entertaining	fèisteas
entertainment	spòrs
enthralled	s an Iar-
enthusiasm	dealasach
enthusiast	sgaoileadh
enthusiastic	dealasach
entice	cuisle
entire	gu lèir
entirety	gu h-iomlan
entitle	inntinn
entity	aonad
entomology	eòlas-inntinn
entourage	inntinn
entrails	steach
entrance	inntrigeadh
entrapment	sgaoileadh
entreat	ionnsaigh
entree	inntrigidh
entrepreneur	neach-tionnsgain
entrust	ionnan
entry	inntrigeadh
enumerate	àireamhachadh
enumeration	àireamhachd
envelope	cèis
envious	èibhinn
environ	NO TRANSLATION
environment	àrainneachd
environmental	àrainneachd
environs	a-muigh
envision	envision
envoy	deachdaiche
envy	farmad
enzyme	enzyme
ephemeral	sìor-fhillte
ephemeris	ephemeris
epic	epic
epidemic	epidemic
epidermis	epidermis
epidural	epidural
epilepsy	epilepsy
epileptic	eireachdail
epilogue	epilogue
epiphany	epiphany
episcopal	Easbaigeach
episode	prògram
episodic	sgaoileadh
epistle	epistle
epitaph	bualadh
epithet	eireachdail
epitome	sgaoileadh
epoch	eachd
equal	co-ionann
equality	co-ionnanachd
equalization	co-ionannachd
equalize	co-ionnanachd
equalizer	co-ionnan
equally	a cheart cho math
equate	co-ionann
equation	co-aontar
equator	equator
equatorial	crios-meadhain
equestrian	eacarsaich
equidistant	cothromach
equilibration	cothromachadh
equilibrium	cothromachadh
equip	uidheamachadh
equipment	uidheamachd
equitable	cothromach
equity	cothromachd
equivalence	co-ionnanachd
equivalent	co-ionnan
equivocal	co-ionnan
era	ùine
eradicate	sgaoileadh
eradication	crìonadh
erase	sguabadh às
eraser	sguabadh às
erasure	sguabadh às
ere	NO TRANSLATION
erect	a thogail
erectile	erectile
erection	togail
ergo	NO TRANSLATION
erode	crìonadh
erosion	bleith
erotic	eireachdail
erotica	erotica
err	err
errand	aithris
errant	errant
erratic	sìorraidh
erratum	eadhon
erroneous	sàbhailte
error	mearachd
erst	NO TRANSLATION
erudite	erudite
erupt	sabaid
eruption	crìonadh
escalade	escalade
escalate	àrdachadh
escalating	ag àrdachadh
escalation	meudachadh
escalator	escalator
escape	teicheadh
escaped	teicheadh
escarpment	sarpment
eschew	sechew
escort	coimheach
escrow	sgrow
esophagus	esopagas
esoteric	esoteric
especial	NO TRANSLATION
espionage	spionnaidh
espouse	cèile
espresso	spresso
esprit	sprit
esquire	sneachda
essay	aiste
essayist	aisteist
essence	bunait
essential	riatanach
essentially	gu h-àraidh
establish	stèidheachadh
established	stèidhichte
establishment	stèidheachadh
estate	oighreachd
esteem	urram
esteemed	urram
esthetic	eachdraidheil
estimable	tuairmseach
estimate	tuairmse
estimation	tuairmse
estoppel	s an Iar-
estranged	s an Iar-
estrogen	estrogen
estuary	abhainn
etch	etch
etching	sgiobhachadh
eternal	sìorraidh
eternity	sìorraidheachd
ethanol	ethanol
ether	ether
ethereal	ethereal
ethic	feòil
ethical	beusach
ethics	mo bheachdan
ethnic	cinneachail
ethnography	ethnography
etiology	sgaoileadh
etiquette	sneachda
etymology	sgaoileadh
eucalyptus	eucalyptus
euchre	eireachdail
eugenics	eugenics
eulogistic	eulogistic
eulogium	eulogium
eulogize	eulogize
eulogy	òran molaidh
euphemism	euphemism
euphoria	euphoria
euphoric	eudach
euro	euro
euthanasia	euthanasia
evacuate	fhuasgladh
evacuation	imrichachadh
evade	fuadach
evaluate	measadh
evaluation	mheasadh
evanescence	fuasgladh
evangelical	soisgeulach
evangelist	soisgeulaiche
evangelistic	soisgeulach
evaporate	gluasaid
evaporation	gluasaid
evasion	ionnsaigh
evasive	ionnsaigh
eve	feasgar
evening	feasgar
evens	NO TRANSLATION
event	tachartas
eventful	tachairt
eventual	mu dheireadh
eventuality	tachartas
evergreen	uaine uaine
everlasting	sìorraidh
evermore	a-riamh
everyday	gach latha
everyman	a-riamh
evict	fuadach
eviction	fuadach
evidence	fhianais
evident	follaiseach
evidentiary	sealltainn
evil	olc
evoke	evoke
evolution	evolution
evolutionary	evolution
evolve	evolution
ewe	caoraich
ex	ex
exacerbate	nas miosa
exacerbation	sìor fhàs
exact	ceart
exacting	sgaoileadh
exaggerate	sìor-fhàsachadh
exaggerated	sìor-fhàsach
exaggeration	iongantas
exalt	àrdachadh
exaltation	àrdachadh
exalted	àrdachadh
exam	deuchainn
examination	sgrùdadh
examine	sgrùdadh
examiner	deuchainn
example	eisimpleir
exasperated	neo-fhillte
exasperation	gèilleadh
excavate	cladhach
excavation	cladhach
excavator	cladhach
exceed	thairis air
exceeding	nas àirde
excel	excel
excellence	sàr-mhathas
excellent	sàr-mhath
excelsior	sgaoileadh
excepting	ach a-mhàin
exception	eisimeileachd
exceptional	àraid
excerpt	earrann
excess	barrachd
excessive	cus
excessively	cus
exchange	iomlaid
excise	gàirdean
excision	siorramachd
excitability	ionmholta
excitable	èibhinn
excitation	excitation
excite	èibhinn
excited	èibhinn
excitement	cluinntinn
exciting	inntinneach
exclaim	èisdeachd
exclamation	sgaoileadh
exclude	dùnadh
excluded	air an dùnadh a-mach
excluding	às aonais
exclusion	às-dùnadh
exclusive	eisimeileach
excrement	sgaoileadh
excretion	eisimeileachd
excruciating	sàbhaladh
excursion	turas
excuse	leisgeul
exec	exec
execute	gnìomh
execution	cur an gnìomh
executioner	saighdear
executive	gnìomhach
executor	neach-tiomnaidh
exegesis	Eisimpleis
exemplar	eisimpleir
exemplary	eisimpleir
exemplify	eisimpleirean
exempt	neo-eisimeileach
exemption	saoradh
exercise	eacarsaich
exert	a 'toirt seachad
exertion	obair
exhale	exhale
exhaust	sgaoileadh
exhausted	sgaoileadh
exhaustion	sgaoileadh
exhaustive	iomlan
exhibit	taisbeanaidh
exhibition	taisbeanadh
exhilarated	sgaoileadh
exhilarating	sgaoileadh
exhilaration	gàirdeachas
exhort	moladh
exhortation	dealachadh
exhumation	crìonadh
exhume	eadhon
exigent	NO TRANSLATION
exile	exile
exist	ann
existence	a bhith ann
existent	ann
existential	ann
existing	a tha ann
exit	leig às
exodus	sgaoileadh
exonerate	sgaoileadh
exorbitant	annasach
exorcism	exorcism
exorcist	exorcist
exotic	annasach
expand	leudachadh
expanded	leudachadh
expanse	farsaingeachd
expansion	leudachadh
expansive	sgaoileadh
expatriate	sgaoileadh
expect	sùileachadh
expectance	sùileachadh
expectancy	sùileachadh
expectant	sùileachadh
expectation	sùileachadh
expected	bha dùil
expecting	a 'dùileachadh
expediency	cothrom
expedient	iomchaidh
expedite	air adhart
expedition	siubhal
expeditious	sìorraidh
expel	cuir às dha
expendable	a 'cosg
expenditure	caiteachas
expense	cosgais
expenses	cosgaisean
expensive	daor
experience	eòlas
experienced	eòlas
experiences	eòlasan
experiment	deuchainnean
experimental	deuchainneach
experimentation	deuchainneachd
experimenter	deuchainnean
expert	eòlaiche
expertise	eòlas
expiration	crìonadh
expire	tighinn gu crìch
expired	sgaoileadh
expiry	crìochnachadh
explain	mìnich
explanation	mìneachadh
explanatory	mìneachadh
expletive	sàr-mhath
explication	mìneachadh
explicit	soilleir
explode	a 'feuchainn
exploit	cleachdadh
exploitation	cleachdadh
exploration	rannsachadh
exploratory	rannsachadh
explore	sgrùdadh
explorer	rannsachair
explosion	spreadhadh
explosions	spreadhadh
explosive	sgaoileadh
expo	expo
exponent	sgaoileadh
exponential	mì-nàdarrach
export	às-mhalairt
exportation	às-mhalairt
expose	nochdadh
exposed	nochd
exposition	nochd
expository	nochdadh
exposure	nochd
expound	sgaoileadh
express	bruidhinn
expression	labhairt
expressive	riochdachail
expressway	long-rathaid
expropriation	dìomhaireachd
expulsion	sgaoileadh
exquisite	fìor mhath
exquisitely	fìor mhath
extant	sgaoileadh
extend	leudachadh
extendable	sgaoileadh
extended	leudaichte
extension	leudachadh
extensive	mòr
extent	ìre
exterior	muigh
exterminate	cuir às dha
extermination	cur às dha
exterminator	cur às dha
external	muigh
externally	muigh
extinct	à bith
extinction	à bith
extinguish	sguabadh às
extinguisher	figheadair
extol	sgaoileadh
extort	sgaoileadh
extortion	sgaoileadh
extra	a bharrachd
extract	earrann
extracting	a 'tarraing às
extraction	tarraing
extractor	tarraing às
extracurricular	taobh a-muigh na sgoile
extradition	extradition
extrajudicial	muigh-dhreuchdail
extramural	sgaoileadh
extraneous	neo-àbhaisteach
extraordinaire	sgaoileadh
extraordinary	iongantach
extraterrestrial	extraterrestrial
extravagance	extravagance
extravagant	mì-mhodhail
extravaganza	sgaoileadh
extreme	fìor
extreme anticipation	sùileachadh mòr
extreme disgust	fìor dhuilgheadas
extreme surprise	iongnadh mòr
extreme trust	fìor earbsa
extremely	anabarrach
extremely negative	fìor àicheil
extremely positive	fìor dheimhinneach
extremity	s an Iar-
extricate	sgaoileadh
extrinsic	neo-eisimeileach
extrusion	às-inntrigidh
exuberance	sòlasachd
exude	exude
eye	sùilean
eyeball	ball-sùil
eyebrow	sùil
eyeful	sùilean
eyeglass	eyeglass
eyeglasses	eyeglasses
eyelash	sneachda
eyelet	sùilean
eyeliner	eyeliner
eyepiece	eyepiece
eyes	sùilean
eyesight	sùilean
eyewitness	fianaisean
fab	fab
fable	fable
fabled	s an Iar-
fabric	ealain
fabricate	dèanamh
fabricated	air a dhèanamh
fabrication	dèanamh
fabulous	eireachdail
facade	facade
face	aghaidh
faceless	aghaidh
facet	facal
facial	facial
facile	NO TRANSLATION
facilitate	cuideachadh
facility	ghoireas
facing	aghaidh
facsimile	facsimile
fact	fìrinn
faction	faction
factor	bàillidh
factory	factaraidh
facts	fìrinnean
factual	fìrinneach
faculties	dàimh
faculty	dàmh
fad	fad
fade	sgìth
faded	faded
faeces	faeces
fag	fag
faggot	fagot
fail	fàilligeadh
failing	fàilligeadh
failure	fàilligeadh
fain	NO TRANSLATION
faint	fann
fainting	sgaoileadh
fair	cothromach
fairly	gu cothromach
fairness	cothromachd
fairway	fairway
fairy	sìthiche
faith	creideamh
faithful	dìleas
faithfulness	dìleas
faithless	neo-chreidinneach
fake	fuadain
faker	faichear
falafel	falafel
falcon	falcon
fall	tuiteam
fallacious	fallacious
fallacy	fallachd
fallback	tuiteam air ais
fallible	sgaoileadh
falling	tuiteam
fallopian	sgaoileadh
fallout	Rach a throd
fallow	sgaoileadh
false	FÀS
falsehood	meallta
falsely	gu mi-fhortanach
falsification	faltadh
falsified	falsaichte
falsify	falsaich
falsity	falsa
falter	falter
fame	cliù
famed	ainmeil
familiar	eòlach
familiarity	eòlas
familiarize	eòlach air
family	teaghlach
familytime	àm teaghlaich
famine	gort
famished	caoidh
famous	ainmeil
famously	ainmeil
fan	fanadair
fanatic	s an Iar-
fanatical	sgaoileadh
fanaticism	s an Iar-
fanciful	fiadhaich
fancy	deònach
fandango	fandango
fanfare	fiadhaich
fang	NO TRANSLATION
fangs	fangs
fanning	fanning
fantasia	fantasia
fantasize	fantasize
fantastic	fìor mhath
fantasy	fantasy
faraway	Fada air falbh
farce	farce
farcical	mì-fhortanach
fare	faraidhean
farewell	soraidh
farm	tuathanas
farmer	tuathanach
farmhouse	taigh tuathanais
farming	tuathanachas
farmland	talamh tuathanais
faro	faro
fart	fart
farther	nas fhaide
fascia	fascia
fascinate	inntinneach
fascinated	inntinneach
fascinating	inntinneach
fascination	faireachdainn
fascism	fascism
fascist	faisisteach
fashion	fasan
fashionable	fhasanta
fastball	fastball
fasten	sgoltadh
fastener	sèididh
fastening	gèilleadh
fasting	fastadh
fat	saill
fatal	marbhtach
fatalism	marbhtach
fatality	bàsachadh
fate	cinnidh
fated	fathast
fateful	sìorraidh
fathead	saoghail
father	athair
fatherhood	athair
fatherland	athair
fatherly	athair
fathom	s an Iar-
fatigue	sgìths
fatigued	fiadhaich
fatso	fatso
fatten	saoghail
fatty	fatty
faucet	faucet
fault	fault
faultless	neo-chiontach
faulty	mì-chothromach
faun	faun
fauna	beathaichean
faux	faux
favor	buannachd
favorable	fàbharach
favorite	is fheàrr leat
favoriteholiday	NO TRANSLATION
favoritism	fàilteachas
fawn	fawn
fax	facs
faze	NO TRANSLATION
fear	eagal
feared	eagal
fearful	eagal
fearfully	eagal
fearing	eagal
fearless	gun eagal
fears	eagal
fearsome	eagal
feasibility	ion-dhèantachd
feasible	ion-dhèanta
feast	feast
feat	sgaoileadh
feather	iteach
feathered	sgaoileadh
feature	feart
features	feartan
febrile	febrile
fecal	fecal
feces	feasan
fecundity	iomadachd
fed	biadh
federal	feadarail
federation	federation
fedup	NO TRANSLATION
fee	cìs
feeble	sgìth
feed	biadh
feedback	beachdan
feeder	beathachadh
feel	faireachdainn
feelgood	faireachdainnean
feeling	faireachdainn
feelingdown	NO TRANSLATION
feelinggood	NO TRANSLATION
feet	casan
feign	s an Iar-
feigned	s an Iar-
feisty	feisty
felicity	felicity
feline	marine
fell	thuit
feller	sgaoileadh
fellow	neach eile
fellowship	co-chomann
felon	maron
felony	saoghail
felt	faireachdainn
female	boireann
feminine	boireann
femininity	boireannaich
feminism	feminism
feminist	fireann
femme	NO TRANSLATION
femoral	s an Iar-
femur	fiodag
fen	NO TRANSLATION
fence	feansa
fenced	daingneachadh
fencing	feansaichean
fend	crìonadh
fender	fender
fennel	fennel
ferment	sgaoileadh
fermentation	leamachadh
fern	raineach
ferocious	fiadhaich
ferocity	fiadhaich
ferret	eòrna
ferry	aiseag
ferryboat	NO TRANSLATION
fertile	torrach
fertility	torachas
fertilize	fertar
fertilizer	todhar
fervent	fiadhaich
fervor	fervor
fess	s an Iar-
fest	fest
festival	fèis
festive	fiadhaich
fetal	fetal
fetch	sireadh
fete	NO TRANSLATION
fetish	fàsach
fetus	fòcas
feud	feud
feudal	feudal
feudalism	feudalism
fever	fiabhras
feverish	tinneas
fiancee	NO TRANSLATION
fiasco	fiasco
fiat	fiat
fib	fib
fiber	fiber
fiberglass	snàithleach-glas
fibrosis	fibrosis
fibrous	snàithleach
fickle	mì-fhortanach
fiction	ficsean
fictional	ficseanail
fictitious	fiadhaich
fiddle	fidheall
fiddler	fìdhlear
fidelity	dìlseachd
fidgety	fiadhaich
fiduciary	fiduciary
field	achadh
field hockey	hocaidh achaidh
fielder	s an Iar-
fiend	fiend
fiendish	fiendish
fierce	fiadhaich
fiery	fiadhaich
fiesta	fiesta
fiesty	NO TRANSLATION
fifteen	còig-deug
fifty	còigead
fig	fig
fight	sabaid
fighter	luingear
fighting	sabaid
fights	strì
figment	figment
figurative	fìrinneach
figure	figear
figurine	figearan
filament	filament
filamentous	filamentous
file	faidhle
filet	filet
filibuster	filibuster
filigree	s an Iar-
filing	filing
filings	filings
fill	lìon
filler	lìonadh
fillet	fillet
filling	lìonadh
filly	lìonadh
film	film
filmmaker	neach-dèanamh fhilmichean
filmy	NO TRANSLATION
filter	criathrag
filth	filth
filthy	fuilteach
filtration	filtadh
fin	NO TRANSLATION
final	deireannach
finale	crìochnachadh
finalist	deireannach
finality	crìochnachadh
finalize	crìochnachadh
finalized	crìochnaichte
finally	mu dheireadh
finance	ionmhas
financial	ionmhasail
financier	ionmhasail
finch	finch
find	lorg
finder	lorg
finding	lorg
fine	gu math
finery	sgeadachadh
finesse	Cìsean
finger	meur
fingernail	meur
fingerprint	lorgan meòir
fingerscrossed	NO TRANSLATION
finish	chrìochnaich
finished	chrìochnaichte
finite	crìochnaichte
fink	fink
fir	fir
fire	teine
firearm	arm teine
firearms	gunnaichean
fireball	ball teine
firecracker	bratach-teine
firefight	smachd teine
firefighter	smàlaidh-teine
firefly	sgaoileadh
firehouse	taigh-teine
firelight	solas teine
fireman	fear-smàlaidh
fireplace	àite teine
firepower	firepower
fireproof	sgaoileadh
fireside	teine
firestorm	stoirm-teine
firewall	balla-teine
firewood	coille
firework	obair-teine
fireworks	cleasan-teine
firing	a 'losgadh
firm	làidir
firmament	s an Iar-
firmly	gu daingeann
firmness	làidir
first	a’ chiad
firstborn	chiad-ghin
firstworldprobs	NO TRANSLATION
fiscal	fiosgail
fish	iasg
fisherman	iasgair
fishery	iasgach
fishing	iasgach
fishing boat	bàta iasgaich
fishy	iasgach
fissile	sgìth
fission	sgaradh
fissure	fiodha
fist	puist
fistfight	fìdeag
fistful	fistful
fistula	fistula
fit	freagarrach
fitness	fallaineachd
fits	a rèir
fitted	s an Iar-
fitting	iomchaidh
fittings	feartan
five	còig
fiver	fior
fix	rèiteachadh
fixable	s an Ear-Thuath
fixation	rèiteachadh
fixed	stèidhichte
fixer	sneachda
fixture	tàmh-àirneis
fixtures	tàthan-àirneis
fizz	fizz
fjord	fjord
flabbergast	flabbergast
flabbergasted	sgaoileadh
flabby	s an Iar-
flaccid	bratach
flag	bratach
flagging	sgaoileadh
flagpole	pòla bratach
flagrant	bratach
flagship	prìomh-shealladh
flagstaff	bratach
flair	air
flak	flak
flake	bualadh
flaky	sgeadachadh
flamboyant	sneachda
flame	lasair
flamethrower	teine-lasair
flaming	lasadh
flamingo	flamingo
flammable	lasadh
flan	fionnaidh
flange	flange
flank	taobh
flanked	air gach taobh
flanking	s an Iar-
flannel	flannal
flap	flap
flapping	a 'bualadh
flare	slat
flares	sgàilean
flaring	a 'sgoltadh
flash	falt
flashback	fògradh
flashing	a 'frasadh
flashlight	lòchran
flashy	s an Iar-
flask	flasg
flat	flat
flatbed	còmhnard còmhnard
flatfoot	flatfoot
flatness	flat
flatten	còmhnard
flatter	flatter
flattered	s an Iar-
flattering	flattering
flattery	flattery
flatulence	flatulence
flaunt	sneachda
flavor	blas
flaw	falach
flawed	falach
flawless	gun fhiosta
flea	caoraich
fleabag	saoghail
fled	theich
flee	teicheadh
fleece	lom
fleet	cabhlach
fleeting	fiadhaich
flesh	feòil
fleshy	fiadhaich
flex	sùbailte
flexibility	sùbailteachd
flexible	sùbailte
flexin	flexin
flexion	sùbailteachd
flick	flick
flicker	briogadh
flickering	flickering
flier	flier
flight	itealaich
flighty	siubhal
flimsy	sneachda
flinch	flinch
fling	fling
flint	flint
flip	flip
flip flop	flip flop
flipper	flipper
flipping	flipping
flirt	flirt
flirtation	flirtation
flirting	a 'sabaid
flirty	flirty
float	flùraichean
floater	sneachda
flock	treud
flog	flog
flood	tuil
floor	làr
flooring	ùrlair
floozy	lusan
flop	flop
floppy	floppy
flora	flora
floral	flùraichean
florist	flùraichean
floss	floss
flotation	flotation
flounder	leabaidh
flour	flùr
flourish	soirbheachadh
flow	sruth
flower	flùr
flowering	fliuch
flowers	flùraichean
flowery	fliuch
flows	sruthadh
flu	flù
fluctuate	ag atharrachadh
fluctuating	ag atharrachadh
fluctuation	ag atharrachadh
flue	flue
fluency	fileantachd
fluent	fileanta
fluff	fluff
fluffy	buidheach
fluid	fluid
fluidity	fluideas
fluke	flùr
flunk	saoghail
flunky	flunky
fluorescence	fluorescence
fluorescent	flùraichean
flurries	flurries
flurry	sneachda
flush	flush
flustered	sneachda
flute	flùb
fluted	s an Iar-
flutter	flutter
fluvial	uisgeach
flux	fliuch
fly	air falbh
flyboy	sgaoileadh
flyer	bileag
flying	itealaich
flywheel	faidhlichean-itealain
foal	foal
foam	foam
foaming	sgoltadh
foamy	foamy
fob	fob
focal	fòcas
focus	fòcas
fodder	fodar
foe	foe
fog	ceò
foggy	ceòthar
foil	foil
foiled	sgaoileadh
fold	fillte
folded	fillte
folder	pasgan
foliage	duilleag
folio	folio
folk	sluagh
folklore	beul-aithris
follicle	follicle
follicular	follicular
follow	lean
follower	leantainn
folly	Fàilte
fond	fonn
fondle	fondle
fondling	beannaichte
fondness	bòidhchead
fondue	fondue
font	cruth
food	biadh
foodie	biadhie
fool	amadan
fooled	s an Iar-
foolhardy	amadan
fooling	amadan
foolish	amaideach
foolishness	gòrach
foolproof	mì-fhuadach
foot	cas
foot stool	stòl coise
footage	film
football	ball-coise
footbridge	drochaid-coise
foothold	foothold
footing	stèidheachaidh
footlocker	Ceanglaichean
footloose	cearcall
footpath	frith-rathad
footprint	lorg coise
footwear	coise
footwork	obair-coise
fop	fop
forage	solarachadh
foray	fiadhaich
forbearance	fulangas
forbid	forbid
forbidding	a 'cur bacadh air
force	feachd
forced	s an Iar-
forceful	cumhachdach
forceps	sgaoileadh
forces	feachdan
forcibly	sìor fhàs
ford	ford
fore	air adhart
forearm	saoghail
foreboding	sgaoileadh
forecast	s an Iar-Dheas
forecaster	foreaster
foreclose	co-chomhairleachadh
foreclosure	chiad sreath
forefathers	atharraichean
forefinger	s an Iar-
forefront	air thoiseach
forego	air adhart
foregoing	air adhart
foregone	air falbh
foreground	aghaidh
forehead	bathais
foreign	cèin
foreigner	coigrich
foreman	ceannard
foremost	a 'mhòr-chuid
forensic	fòirneartach
forensics	forensics
foreplay	geamannan
forerunner	frithealadh
foresee	ro-shealladh
foreseen	mach
foresight	faicsinneachd
forest	coille
forestall	coille
forethought	ro-bheachd
foreveralone	An-còmhnaidh leat fhèin
forevermore	gu bràth
forewarned	chiad sreath
foreword	facal-toisich
forfeit	forfeit
forfeited	forfeitte
forfeiture	forfeiture
forge	a 'giùlan
forger	am broinn
forgery	fallangachd
forget	dìochuimhnich
forgetful	dìochuimhneach
forgetfulness	dìochuimhneachd
forgive	mathanas
forgiven	maitheanas
forgiveness	maitheanas
forgiving	a 'toirt maitheanas
forgotten	air a dhìochuimhneachadh
fork	forc
forked	s an Iar-
forking	a 'togail
forklift	forklift
forlorn	sneachda
form	foirm
formal	foirmeil
formaldehyde	formaldehyde
formalism	formalism
formality	foirmealachd
format	chruth
formation	cruthachadh
formative	riochdachadh
formed	air an cruthachadh
formidable	deònach
forming	a 'cruthachadh
formless	gun chrìoch
formula	foirmle
formulary	formulary
formulate	cruthachadh
fornicate	fàsach
fornication	dìoghaltas
forsake	thrèig
forsaken	thrèigte
forsooth	air ais
fort	dùn
forte	NO TRANSLATION
forthcoming	a tha ri thighinn
forthright	ceart
forthwith	sa bhad
fortification	daingneachadh
fortify	daingnichidh e
fortitude	fortune
fortnight	ceala-deug
fortnightly	gach cola-deug
fortress	daingneach
fortuitous	dùrachdach
fortunate	fortanach
fortune	fortune
fortunes	fortunes
forty	dà fhichead
forum	fòram
forward	air adhart
forwarding	air adhart
fossil	fosailean
fossils	fosailean
foul	bòidheach
found	lorg
foundation	bunait
founder	stèidheadair
founding	a 'stèidheachadh
foundry	fùirneis
fountain	fuaran
four	ceithir
fourfold	ceithir fichead
foursome	ceithir fichead
fourteen	ceithir-deug
fourth	an ceathramh
fowl	eòin
fox	sionnach
foxhole	toll-ruadh
foxtrot	foxtrot
foxy	foxy
foyer	foyer
fraction	bloigh
fractional	fractional
fracture	briseadh
fragile	cugallach
fragility	cugallach
fragment	criomag
fragmentary	criomagach
fragrance	èibhinn
fragrant	bòidheach
frail	fraoch
frailty	fraochtachd
frame	frèam
framework	frèam
franc	franc
franchise	ceadachd
frank	fìor mhath
frankenstorm	NO TRANSLATION
frankness	fìrinn
frantic	fiadhaich
frantically	gu mì-fhortanach
frat	frat
fraternal	fraternal
fraternity	bràithreachas
fraud	foill
fraudulent	ceàrr
fraught	èibhinn
fray	fray
frayed	s an Ear-Thuath
frazzled	frazzled
freak	saoghail
freaked	saoghail
freakedout	NO TRANSLATION
freakingout	NO TRANSLATION
freakish	freakish
freakout	sgaoileadh
freaky	freaky
freckle	gealach
free	saor
freebie	an-asgaidh
freedom	saorsa
freehold	dìomhair
freelance	neo-eisimeileach
freelancer	saoghail
freely	gu saor
freeman	freeman
freestyle	saor-stoidhle
freeway	saoghail
freeze	reothadh
freezer	reòiteag
freezing	reothadh
freight	bathar
freighter	luingear
french horn	adharc fhrangach
frenetic	gàire
frenzied	fiadhaich
frenzy	frenzy
frequency	tricead
frequent	gu tric
frequently	gu tric
fresco	fresco
fresh	ùr
freshair	NO TRANSLATION
freshen	freshen
freshener	ùraichte
freshman	fear ùr
freshness	fionnar
freshstart	freshstart
freshwater	fìor-uisge
fret	fret
fretful	èibhinn
friar	friar
fricking	s an Iar-
friction	briseadh
friday	Dihaoine
fridge	fuaradair
fried	friogais
friend	caraid
friendless	gun charaidean
friendliness	càirdeas
friendly	càirdeil
friends	caraidean
friendship	càirdeas
frigate	frigate
friggen	NO TRANSLATION
fright	eagal
frighten	eagal
frightened	eagal
frightening	eagalach
frightful	eagalach
frigid	saoghail
fringe	iomall
fringed	sgaoileadh
frisbee	frisbee
frisk	NO TRANSLATION
frisky	frisky
frivolous	neònach
frock	aodach
frog	lagan
froggy	losgann
frolic	sneachda
front	aghaidh
frontage	aghaidh
frontal	aghaidh
frontier	crìochan
fronting	aghaidh
frontispiece	duilleag aghaidh
frost	reothadh
frostbite	reothadh
frosted	reothadh
frosting	reothadh
frosty	reothadh
froth	froth
frothy	uamhasach
frown	aodann
frowning	a 'caoineadh
frozen	reòta
frugal	frugal
fruit	measan
fruit punch	sgaoileadh
fruitcake	measan
fruitful	measail
fruition	buannachd
fruitless	gun mheas
fruits	measan
fruity	fiadhaich
frustrate	sàrachadh
frustrated	mì-fhortanach
frustrates	mì-fhulangas
frustrating	mì-thoilichte
frustration	frustrachas
fry	fiodha
fryer	frithealaidh
fuchsia	fuchsia
fuck	fuck
fuckedoff	fuckedoff
fucker	fucker
fucking	fucking
fuckoff	fuckoff
fucksake	fucksake
fucktard	fucktard
fuckyeah	fuckyeah
fudge	fudge
fuel	connadh
fugitive	fògarrach
fulcrum	sgaoileadh
fulfill	coileanadh
fulfilled	air a choileanadh
fulfilling	coileanadh
fulfillment	coileanadh
full	làn
fullback	làn-chùl
fullness	lànachd
fully	gu h-iomlan
fulsome	fulsome
fumble	fumble
fume	fume
fumigation	fumigation
fumin	NO TRANSLATION
fuming	fuming
fun	spòrsail
function	gnìomh
functional	gnìomhach
fund	maoineachadh
fundamental	bunaiteach
fundamentalist	bunaiteach
fundamentally	gu bunaiteach
funday	airgead
funding	maoineachadh
fundraiser	togail airgid
fundraising	togail airgid
funds	airgead
funeral	tiodhlacadh
fungus	fungas
funk	funk
funky	spòrsail
funnel	giùlan
funny	èibhinn
fur	bian
furious	baoghalach
furiously	gu bràth
furlong	fiadhaich
furlough	fiadhaich
furnace	àirneis
furnish	àirneis
furnishings	àirneis
furniture	àirneis
furor	bualadh
furrow	sneachda
furry	bòidheach
furtherance	dol air adhart
fury	fury
fuse	fiùs
fuselage	fuselage
fusion	fusion
fuss	èibhinn
fussy	èibhinn
fustrated	NO TRANSLATION
futile	sàmhach
futility	futility
futon	amannan
future	san àm ri teachd
fuzz	fuzz
fuzzy	fuasglaidh
gab	NO TRANSLATION
gaby	gaby
gad	gad
gadget	inneal
gaff	gaff
gag	gag
gaga	gaga
gage	gage
gaggle	gaggle
gahhh	NO TRANSLATION
gaiety	gàirdeachas
gain	buannachd
gainful	buannachdail
gaining	a 'faighinn
gait	gait
gal	gal
gala	galar
galactic	sgaoileadh
galaxy	galaxy
gale	gèile
gall	Gall
gallant	gann
gallantry	gàirdeachas
gallbladder	gallbladair
galled	thuirt e
gallery	gailearaidh
galley	bìrlinn
gallon	galon
gallop	Gallop
galloping	a 'lùbadh
gallows	croich
galore	bòidheach
galvanic	galbhaig
gamble	cluich
gambler	cluichiche
gambling	gambling
game	gèam
gameday	gamadhachadh
gametime	gam-ama
gaming	cluich
gamma	gamma
gammon	gammon
gamut	gamut
gander	gander
gang	gang
gangland	gangland
gangrene	gangrene
gangster	gangster
gangway	gangway
gaol	gaol
gap	beàrn
gape	gape
gaping	beàrn
garage	garaids
garb	s an Iar-
garbage	sgudal
garbled	bòidheach
garden	gàrradh
gardener	gàirnealair
gardening	gàirnealaireachd
gardens	gàrraidhean
gargle	gargle
gargoyle	gargoyle
garish	èibhinn
garlic	garlic
garment	èideadh
garner	garner
garnet	garnet
garnish	garnish
garrison	gearastan
garter	garter
gas	gas
gaseous	gaseous
gash	gash
gasification	gasachadh
gasket	gasket
gasoline	gasoline
gasp	gasp
gasping	giùlan
gassy	gassy
gastric	gastric
gastronomy	eòlas
gate	geata
gatekeeper	geataair
gateway	geata
gather	cruinneachadh
gatherer	chruinneadair
gathering	cruinneachadh
gator	gator
gatorade	gatorade
gauche	NO TRANSLATION
gaudy	sgaoileadh
gauge	tomhas
gauging	tomhas
gaunt	gàirdeachas
gauntlet	gauntlet
gauze	sgaoileadh
gavel	gavel
gawk	gawk
gay	gay
gaze	spleuchd
gazebo	gazebo
gazelle	gazelle
gazette	gazette
gazetteer	clàr-innse
gazillion	gazillion
gazing	a 'coimhead
gear	gèar
geek	geek
geeky	geeky
geez	geez
geezer	geazer
geisha	geisha
gel	gel
gelatin	gelatan
geld	NO TRANSLATION
gelding	gelding
gem	gèam
gemini	gàire
gender	gnè
genealogy	sloinntearachd
general	san fharsaingeachd
generality	coitcheann
generalization	coitcheann
generally	san fharsaingeachd
generate	gineadh
generation	ginealach
generative	ginealach
generator	gineadair
generic	coitcheann
generosity	fialaidh
generous	fialaidh
genesis	gèilleadh
genetic	ginteil
genetics	gintinneachd
genial	gèam
genie	genie
genital	ginealachd
genitalia	genitalia
genius	genius
genocide	genocide
genome	genome
genre	gnè
gent	gent
genteel	sluaghel
gentile	uamhasach
gentle	sàmhach
gentleman	duine uasal
gentlemanly	s an Iar-Dheas
gentleness	dìomhaireachd
gently	gu socair
gentry	rìghrean
genuine	fìor
genus	gnè
geographic	cruinn-eòlas
geographical	cruinn-eòlais
geography	cruinn-eòlas
geological	geòlasach
geologist	geòlaiche
geology	geòlas
geometric	geoimeatrach
geometry	geoimeatraidh
geranium	geranium
gerbil	gàidhlig
geriatric	ceumatraigeach
germ	germ
german	Gearmailteach
germane	Gearmailtis
germinate	a 'germinate
germination	germination
germs	germs
gestation	gluasad
gesture	gluasad
get	faighinn
getaway	Faigh air falbh
getoverit	NO TRANSLATION
getoveryourself	NO TRANSLATION
getup	Seas
getyourown	sgaoileadh
ghastly	sàmhach
ghetto	ghetto
ghost	taibhse
ghostly	taibhseil
ghoul	ghoul
giant	fuamhaire
gibberish	gibberish
giddy	giddy
gift	tiodhlac
gifted	tiodhlac
gifts	tiodhlacan
gig	gig
gigantic	gigantic
giggle	giggle
giggles	Giggles
giggling	giggling
gigolo	gigolo
gilded	gilded
gill	gill
gills	giùlan
gilt	gilt
gimmick	gimmick
gimp	gimp
gin	gin
ginger	ginger
gingerbread	craiceann
gingerly	gingerly
ginseng	ginseng
giraffe	sirafas
girder	girder
girdle	crios
girl	nighean
girlfriend	leannan
girlie	girlie
girlish	girlish
girly	gèirleach
girth	girth
gist	gist
give	Thoir seachad
giveaway	Thoir seachad
giver	NO TRANSLATION
giving	toirt seachad
gizmo	gizmo
gizzard	gizzard
glabrous	glabrous
glacial	eigh-shruthan
glacier	eigh-shruthan
glad	toilichte
glade	glade
gladiator	gladiator
gladness	aoibhneas
glamorous	glamorous
glamour	glamour
glance	sùil
gland	gland
glare	glare
glaring	a 'glaring
glass	glainne
glasses	glainneachan
glassware	bathar glainne
glaucoma	glaucoma
glaze	glaze
glazed	glainne
gleam	gleam
gleaming	gleamadh
glean	glean
glee	glee
gleeful	èibhinn
glen	gleann
glib	glib
glide	Glide
glider	glider
glimmer	sgiobair
glimpse	seallaidhean
glint	glint
glisten	glisten
glitch	glitch
glitter	glitter
glittering	sgaoileadh
gloat	gloine
global	saoghal
globe	saoghal
globular	globular
gloom	dona
gloomy	gruamach
glorification	glòrachadh
glorified	air a ghlòrachadh
glorify	glòir
glorious	glòrmhor
glory	glòir
gloss	snasail
glossary	Beag-fhaclair
glossy	snasail
glove	glove
gloves	miotagan
glow	glow
glowing	sneachda
glucose	glucos
glue	giùlan
glum	glum
glut	glut
gluten	gluten
glutton	gàire
gluttony	saoghail
glycerin	glicerin
gnat	gnat
gnome	gnome
go	falbh
goal	tadhal
goalie	neach-tadhail
goals	amasan
goat	gobhar
goatee	geòidh
gob	gob
gobble	gobble
goblet	goblet
goblin	goblin
god	dia
godbless	NO TRANSLATION
goddamn	goddamn
goddamned	sgaoileadh
goddess	ban-dia
godfather	athair
godforsaken	diadhaidh
godisgood	aodach
godisgreat	NO TRANSLATION
godless	diadhaidh
godlike	diadhaidh
godly	diadhaidh
godmother	godmother
godsend	sgaoileadh
godson	dioson
gofuckyourself	gàirdeachas fhèin
goggle	goggle
goggles	goggles
gold	òr
golden	òr
goldfish	èisg òir
golf	golf
golfer	golfer
golfing	golf
gondola	gondola
gone	air falbh
goner	goner
gong	NO TRANSLATION
gonorrhea	gonorrhea
goo	goo
goober	goober
good	math
goodbye	mar sin leat
goodday	latha math
goodfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
goodhealth	NO TRANSLATION
goodie	math
goodies	s an Iar-
goodlife	deagh bheatha
goodly	gu math
goodmood	NO TRANSLATION
goodmorning	Madainn mhath
goodmusic	ceòl math
goodness	math
goodnews	mùthaidhean)
goods	bathar
goodtimes	deagh shìde
goodvibes	NO TRANSLATION
goodwill	deagh rùn
goody	math
gooey	gooey
goof	falbh
goofball	goofball
goofy	gu math
goon	Siuthad
gooood	gooood
goop	rach
goose	gèadh
gopher	gopher
gore	gore
gorge	gorge
gorgeous	gòrach
gorilla	gorilla
gory	gory
gospel	soisgeul
gossip	gossip
gothic	gothic
gouge	gouge
goulash	goulash
gourd	gourd
gourmet	gourmet
gout	gout
govern	riaghladh
governess	Governess
governing	riaghladh
government	riaghaltas
governmental	riaghaltasach
governor	riaghladair
gown	gùn
grab	caoidh
grace	gràs
graceful	gràsmhor
gracias	NO TRANSLATION
gracious	gràsmhor
graciously	gu gràsmhor
grad	NO TRANSLATION
gradation	gradachadh
grade	ìre
graded	air a rangachadh
grader	gradair
grades	ìrean
gradient	caisead
gradschool	NO TRANSLATION
gradual	mean air mhean
gradually	beag air bheag
graduate	ceumnaiche
graduation	ceumnachadh
graffiti	graffiti
graft	graft
grail	grail
grain	gràn
gram	gram
grammar	gràmar
grand	mòr
grand theft auto	Fìor ghoid chàr
grandchild	ogha
grandchildren	oghaichean
granddad	granddad
granddaddy	granddaddy
granddaughter	ogha
grandeur	eireachdail
grandfather	seanair
grandiose	grandiose
grandma	grandma
grandmother	seanmhair
grandpa	grandpa
grandson	ogha
grandstand	àrd-sheasamh
grange	grannd
granite	clach-ghràin
granny	granny
granola	granola
grant	tabhartas
granted	air a thoirt seachad
grantee	tairgse
grantor	tabhartas
granular	grunnd
granule	gràin
grape	ionaltradh
grape juice	sùgh fiadhaich
grapefruit	grapefruit
grapes	fìon-dhearc
grapevine	grapevine
graph	graf
graphic	grafaigeach
graphics	grafaig
graphite	grafait
grapple	gràdh
grappling	sgaoileadh
grasp	gras
grasping	greim air
grass	feur
grasshopper	sgoltadh-gaoithe
grassy	feur
grate	sgrathan
grated	gràidhte
grateful	taingeil
gratification	buannachd
gratified	taingeil
gratify	buannachdail
gratifying	gràdhach
grating	gràdh
gratis	NO TRANSLATION
gratitude	taing
gratuitous	saor
gratuity	saor-thoileach
grave	uaigh
gravel	greabhal
graver	NO TRANSLATION
graveyard	cladh
gravitate	sìor fhàs
gravitation	gràin
gravitational	cràbhach
gravity	gravity
gravy	grafaidh
gray	liath
graze	ionaltradh
grease	saise
greased	greased
greaser	greaser
greasy	greasach
great	sgoinneil
great anticipation	sùileachadh mòr
great aunt	piuthar mòr
great disgust	anabarrach mòr
great grandfather	sean-seanair
great grandma	sean-seanmhair
great grandmother	sean seanmhair
great grandpa	grand-grand mòr
great surprise	iongnadh mòr
great trust	urram mòr
great uncle	uncail mòr
greatday	NO TRANSLATION
greater	nas motha
greatest	as motha
greatfriends	NO TRANSLATION
greatful	NO TRANSLATION
greatly	gu mòr
greatly negative	àicheil gu mòr
greatly positive	fìor mhath
greatness	beannachd
greatnight	NO TRANSLATION
greed	greed
greedy	sanntach
green	uaine
green bean	bean uaine
green pepper	piopa uaine
green snake	nathair ghorm
greenhouse	taigh-glainne
greenish	uaineach
greenwood	uaine uaine
greet	fàilte
greeted	fàilte
greeting	beannachdan
gregarious	gregarious
grenade	grenade
grey	liath
greyhound	cù
grid	grid
gridiron	gridiron
grief	gràdh
grievance	gearan
grieve	gràdh
grieved	gràdh
grieving	gràdh
grievous	gràineil
griffin	griffin
grill	grill
grille	grille
grilled	grilled
grim	grim
grime	grime
grimy	gruagach
grin	grin
grind	a 'bleith
grinder	grinder
grinding	a 'bleith
grindstone	clach-ghràine
gringo	gringo
grip	grip
gripe	gripe
grisly	gu cruaidh
grist	grist
grit	grit
grits	gritan
gritty	gritty
grizzly	s an Iar-
groan	groan
grocer	grosair
groceries	grosaireachd
grocery	grosaireachd
groggy	groggy
groin	groin
groom	groom
groove	sgoltadh
groovy	gruamach
grope	grope
gross	gross
grotesque	grotesque
grotto	grotto
grouch	Cearcall
grouchy	sgaoileadh
ground	talamh
grounded	air an talamh
groundhog	air an talamh
grounding	togail
groundless	gun talamh
grounds	adhbharan
groundwork	obrach
group	buidheann
groupie	buidheann
grouping	buidheannachadh
grouse	cearcan-fraoich
grout	grout
grove	lobht
grovel	grovel
grow	fàs
growl	fàs
growling	fàs
growls	fàs
grownup	sgaoileadh
growth	fàs
growthefuckup	fàs
grr	grr
grrr	grrr
grrrrr	grrrrr
grub	grub
grubby	s an Iar-
grudge	grùdh
grudging	a 'crùbadh
grudgingly	gu mì-fhortanach
gruel	gruel
grueling	grueling
gruesome	s an Iar-Dheas
gruff	gruff
grumble	grumble
grump	grump
grumpy	grumpy
grunt	grunt
grunting	grunting
guacamole	guacamole
guano	guano
guarantee	barantas
guaranty	guaranty
guard	dìon
guarded	dìon
guardhouse	taigh-faire
guardian	dìonach
guardianship	dìonachd
guards	geàrdan
gubernatorial	riaghladair
guerilla	NO TRANSLATION
guerrilla	guerrilla
guess	tomhas
guesser	gu dearbh
guesswork	guesswork
guest	aoighean
guesthouse	taigh-aoigheachd
guidance	stiùireadh
guide	stiùireadh
guidebook	leabhar-iùil
guidelines	stiùireadh
guiding	stiùireadh
guild	guild
guile	guidhe
guillotine	guillotine
guilt	ciontach
guilty	ciontach
guinea	Guinea
guise	beul
guitar	giotàr
guitarist	giotàr
gules	gules
gulf	gulf
gull	faoileag
gullet	gullet
gullible	giùlan
gully	gully
gulp	gulp
gum	guma
gumbo	gumbo
gummy	gummy
gumption	giùlan
gun	gunna
gunboat	bàta-gunna
gunfight	gunfight
gunfighter	gunfighter
gunfire	gunfire
gunk	gunna
gunman	gunman
gunmen	gunnaichean
gunner	gunnaire
gunnery	gunnaireachd
gunplay	gunplay
gunpoint	gunpoint
gunpowder	fùdar-gunna
gunshot	gunshot
gunslinger	gunna-ghunna
gurney	gurney
guru	guru
gush	gush
gusher	saoghail
gusset	gusset
gust	s an Iar-
gusto	NO TRANSLATION
gusty	gusty
gut	gut
gutless	gutless
guts	guth
gutsy	gutsy
gutter	gutter
guy	Guy
guzzler	guzzler
guzzling	guzzling
gym	spòrs
gymnasium	lùth-chleasachd
gymnast	spòrs
gymnastic	spòrs
gymnastics	lùth-chleasachd
gynecologist	gynec-eòlaiche
gynecology	gineag-eòlas
gypsy	cepsaidh
gyroscope	gyroscope
habit	àbhaisteach
habitat	àrainn
habitation	àite còmhnaidh
habitual	àbhaisteach
habitually	àbhaisteach
hacienda	hacienda
hack	haic
hacker	hacker
hacksaw	sgaoileadh
hadenough	NO TRANSLATION
hag	hag
haggard	àrach
haggle	haggle
haiku	haiku
hail	caileag
hair	falt
hairball	ball-liath
hairbrush	briogais fuilt
haircut	sgaoileadh
hairdo	caoidh
hairdresser	gruagaire
hairdryer	falt tiormachaidh
hairless	gun fhuilt
hairline	sgaoileadh
hairpin	sèideadh
hairspray	sgaoileadh
hairstyle	stoidhle gruaige
hairy	faltach
hale	hale
half	leth
half dollar	leth-dhollair
halfback	leth-mhara
halftime	leth-ùine
halfway	leth-rathad
halibut	halibut
hall	talla
hallelujah	hallelujah
hallmark	comharraichte
hallowed	coisrigte
hallucination	sàrachadh
hallway	talla
halo	halo
halt	stad
halter	sgaoileadh
halting	stad
halve	Halve
halving	lùghdachadh
ham	ham
hamburger	hamburger
hamlet	bhaile
hammer	òrd
hammerhead	ceann an ùird
hammering	aodach
hammock	hamag
hamper	sabaid
hamster	hamster
hamstring	sgoltadh
hand	làmh
handbag	baga-làimhe
handball	ball làimhe
handbook	leabhar làimhe
handcuff	làimhe
handful	lìonmhor
handgun	gunna
handheld	inneal-làimhe
handicap	bochdainn
handicapped	air chomas
handicraft	làmh-sgrìobhaidh
handiwork	obair-làimhe
handkerchief	cuisleach
handle	làimhseachadh
handler	làimhseachadh
handmade	air a dhèanamh le làimh
handout	bileag
handprint	làmh-sgrìobhaidh
handshake	crochadh-làimhe
handsome	eireachdail
handwriting	làmh-sgrìobhadh
handy	handy
handyman	mùthaidhean)
hang	crochadh
hangar	hangar
hanger	croch
hanging	crochadh
hangman	crochadh
hangout	Fan an sin
hangover	air an fhiodh
hangry	crochte
hank	hank
hankering	sgaoileadh
hanky	thaky
hap	NO TRANSLATION
haphazard	s an Iar-
hapless	cha mhòr
happen	tachairt
happening	a 'tachairt
happier	nas toilichte
happiest	as toilichte
happily	gu toilichte
happiness	sonas
happy	sona
happydance	toileachas
happyday	làithean làitheil
happyheart	sonaid
happyholidays	NO TRANSLATION
happynewyear	NO TRANSLATION
happyplace	NO TRANSLATION
happytweet	NO TRANSLATION
happyvalentinesday	NO TRANSLATION
harass	sàrachadh
harassing	sàrachadh
harassment	sàrachadh
harbinger	sgaoileadh
harbor	cala
hard	cruaidh
hardball	ball cruaidh
hardcore	cruaidh cruaidh
harden	cruaidh
hardened	cruaidh
hardening	cruaidh
hardheaded	sgaoileadh
hardness	cruaidh
hardship	cruadal
hardware	cruaidh-cruaidh
hardwood	cruaidh cruaidh
hardworking	dìcheallach
hardy	cruaidh
hare	geàrr
harebrained	s an Ear-Dheas
harem	harem
hark	clàrsach
harlot	strìopach
harm	cron
harmful	cronach
harmless	neo-chiontach
harmonica	sgaoileadh
harmonics	sgaoileadh
harmonious	co-chòrdail
harmoniously	co-chòrdail
harmonize	co-chòrdadh
harmony	co-sheirm
harness	acfhainn
harp	clàrsach
harper	harper
harpoon	sgaoileadh
harpsichord	harpsichord
harrowing	cliathadh
harry	gearain
harsh	cruaidh
harshness	cruaidh
hart	cairt
harvest	foghar
hash	hash
hashish	hashish
hassle	duilgheadas
haste	gàire
hasten	sìor fhàs
hastily	gu luath
hasty	gàire
hat	ad
hatch	òr
hatchet	aodach
hate	fuath
hateeee	NO TRANSLATION
hateeveryone	NO TRANSLATION
hateful	fuathmhor
hater	gràin
hateyou	NO TRANSLATION
hating	gràin
hatred	fuath
haughty	sàmhach
haul	tarraing
haulage	tarraing
haunt	haunt
haunted	sgaoileadh
have	tha
haven	seòmar
havoc	caorach
haw	seud
hawk	seabhag
hawking	sgaoileadh
hay	NO TRANSLATION
haye	haye
hayride	sgaoileadh
haystack	cruach-fheòir
haywire	haywire
hazard	cunnart
hazardous	cunnartach
haze	gàire
hazmat	hazmat
hazy	ceò
head	ceann
headache	ceann goirt
headaches	cur cinn
headband	ceann-cinnidh
headdress	ceann-làimhe
header	ceannard
headgear	ceann-cinnidh
heading	ceannach
headland	rubha
headless	gun cheann
headlight	headlight
headline	ceann-cinnidh
headliner	s an Iar-
headlock	ceann-làimhe
headlong	air adhart
headmaster	maighstir-sgoile
headphones	fòn-làimhe
headquarter	ceann-sàbaid
headquarters	prìomh oifisean
headset	headset
headstone	clach-cinn
headstrong	sgaoileadh
headway	slighe
heady	ceannach
heal	leigheas
healer	sanasachd
healing	leigheas
health	slàinte
healthcare	cùram-slàinte
healthful	slàinteil
healthy	fallain
heap	crann
hear	cluinn
hearer	èisdeachd
hearing	cluinntinn
hearsay	èisdeachd
hearse	sgaoileadh
heart	cridhe
heart disease	galar cridhe
heartache	tinneas cridhe
heartattack	NO TRANSLATION
heartbeat	buille cridhe
heartbreak	briseadh cridhe
heartbreaker	briseadh cridhe
heartbreaking	brònach cridhe
heartbroken	cridhe briste
heartburn	bruthadh cridhe
hearted	chridhe
heartfelt	cridhe cridhe
hearth	cladhach
heartily	gu h-inntinn
heartland	sgaoileadh
heartless	gun chridhe
hearts	cridheachan
heartsick	cridhe cridhe
heartworm	cridhe cridhe
hearty	gu mòr
heat	teas
heated	teasachadh
heater	tubaist
heath	mòinteach
heathen	cinneagan
heather	Fraoch
heating	teasachadh
heave	sgaoileadh
heaven	nèamh
heavenly	nèamh
heavens	nèamhan
heavily	gu mòr
heaviness	truagh
heaving	heaving
heavy	trom
heavy metal	meatailt throm
heavyweight	trom
heck	heck
hectares	heactair
hectic	s an Iar-
hedge	callaid
hedgehog	gràineag
hedonism	hedonism
hee	ee
heed	èibhinn
heel	seal
heels	sàilean
heft	tha e
hefty	gu math
hegemonic	hegemonic
heheh	NO TRANSLATION
heifer	agh
height	àirde
heighten	àrdachadh
heightened	àrdachadh
heinous	sneachda
heir	oighre
heiress	ban-oighre
heirloom	eirloom
heirs	oighreachan
heist	s an Iar-
helical	helical
helicopter	heileacoptair
helipad	helipad
heliport	heliport
helium	helium
helix	helix
hell	ifrinn
hellfire	Alba | Naidheachdan |
hellhole	hellhole
hellish	Alba | Naidheachdan |
helm	helm
helmet	clogaid
helmsman	neach-stiùiridh
help	cuideachadh
helper	cuideachaidh
helpful	cuideachail
helpless	gun chuideachadh
helplessness	gun chuideachadh
hem	NO TRANSLATION
hematite	hematite
hematoma	hematoma
hemi	hemi
hemisphere	hemisphere
hemispheric	s an Iar-
hemlock	hemlock
hemoglobin	hemoglobin
hemorrhage	hemorrhage
hemorrhoids	aodach
hemostat	hemostat
hemp	cannc
hen	NO TRANSLATION
henceforth	as deidh sin
henhouse	taigh-catha
hepatitis	hepatitis
herald	herald
heraldry	heraldry
herb	luibh
herbaceous	luibheach
herbal	lusan
herbarium	a h-uile càil
herbs	lusan
herd	buachaille
hereditary	oighreachail
heredity	oighreachas
heresy	heresaidh
heretic	heretic
heretical	sèaraidh
heretofore	an-dè
hereunto	an seo
herewith	le seo
heritage	dualchas
hermaphrodite	hermaphrodite
hermeneutics	sgaoileadh
hermit	feallsanachd
hernia	hernia
hero	gaisgeach
heroic	gaisgeil
heroics	ghaisgich
heroin	heroin
heroine	heroine
heroism	heroism
herpes	herpes
herpesvirus	herpesvirus
herring	sgadan
hertz	hertz
hesitant	èibhinn
hesitate	sòr
hesitating	ag èigheach
hesitation	sàrachadh
hetero	hetero
heterogeneity	iomall
heterosexual	heterosexual
hew	hew
hex	hex
hexagon	heicseag
heyday	làimhe
hiatus	hiatus
hibernate	a 'cadal
hibernation	cadal a 'gheamhraidh
hiccup	hiccup
hick	hick
hickey	annkey
hickory	hickory
hidden	falaichte
hide	seiche
hideaway	falach falamh
hideous	neònach
hideout	falach
hiding	falach
hierarchical	riaghailtich
hierarchy	rangachd
hieroglyphics	hiadroglyphics
high	àrd
high heels	Cnapan àrda
highball	ball àrd
higher	nas àirde
highest	àirde
highland	Ghàidhealtachd
highlands	Ghàidhealtachd
highlight	àrdachadh
highness	àrdachd
hight	hight
hightail	àrdachadh
highway	prìomh rathad
hijack	na h-uachdarain
hijacker	gearain
hike	hike
hiker	neach-coiseachd
hiking	coiseachd
hiking boot	bothadh slighe
hilarious	sàmhach
hilarity	hileity
hill	cnoc
hillside	cnuic
hilltop	mullach beinne
hilly	cnocach
hilt	hilt
hind	hind
hinder	bacadh
hindering	a 'cur bacadh air
hindrance	bacadh
hindsight	dealachadh
hinge	sgoltadh
hint	beachd
hinterland	cùl-raon
hip	hip
hip hop	hip hop
hippie	hippie
hippo	hippo
hippopotamus	hippopotamus
hire	màl
hirsute	sgaoileadh
hiss	aodach
hissing	sgaoileadh
histology	histology
historian	eachdraiche
historic	eachdraidheil
historical	eachdraidheil
historiography	eachdraidh-beatha
history	eachdraidh
hit	bhuail
hitch	hitch
hitchhike	sgaoileadh
hitchhiker	luchd-coiseachd
hitherto	gu ruige seo
hitter	bratach
hive	hive
hives	hives
hoard	sèididh
hoarse	fàgail
hoary	hoary
hoax	duilich
hob	hob
hobbit	hobbit
hobby	spòrs
hobo	hobo
hock	hock
hockey	hocaidh
hoe	NO TRANSLATION
hog	hog
hogwash	hogwash
hohoho	NO TRANSLATION
hoist	cur-seachad
hokey	hokey
hold	cumail
holder	sealbhadair
holding	cumail
holdup	Cuir casg air
hole	toll
holiday	saor-làithean
holidays	saor-làithean
holidayseason	NO TRANSLATION
holiness	naomhachd
holistic	iomlan
holler	holler
hollow	truagh
holly	cuilean
holocaust	a 'chaisteil
hologram	hologram
holographic	holographic
holster	saoghail
holy	naomh
holyspirit	NO TRANSLATION
homage	ulaidh
hombre	NO TRANSLATION
hombres	NO TRANSLATION
home	dachaigh
homeboy	dachaighboy
homecoming	tighinn dhachaigh
homeland	dachaigh
homeless	gun dachaigh
homely	s an Iar-
homemade	s an Ear-Thuath
homeopathic	Dachaigh
homeopathy	homeopathy
homeowner	uachdaran
homeroom	s an Iar-
homesick	cianalas
homestead	dachaigh
homesweethome	Mo dhachaigh fhìn
hometown	bhaile
homeward	dhachaigh
homework	obair-dachaigh
homey	dhachaigh
homicidal	marbhtach
homicide	marbhadh
homily	h-ìghidhidh
homing	aodach
hominy	ginideach
homo	homo
homogeneity	co-ionnanachd
homogeneous	co-ionnan
homologous	deasaich |
homologue	homologue
homology	homology
homophobic	s an Iar-
homosexual	co-sheòrsach
homosexuality	co-sheòrsachd
honcho	honcho
hone	s an Iar-
honest	onarach
honesty	onair
honey	mil
honeycomb	coileach meala
honeymoon	mèinn-mheala
honeysuckle	honeysuckle
honk	urram
honky	Honky
honor	urram
honorable	urramach
honorarium	honorarium
honorary	urramach
honored	urram
hooch	hooch
hood	hood
hooded	sneachda
hoodlum	hoodlum
hoof	aodach
hook	dubhan
hooked	sneachda
hooker	sneachda
hookup	Ceangal suas
hooky	dubhan
hooligan	hooligan
hoop	cearcall
hoopla	hoopla
hooray	sgaoileadh
hoot	aodach
hooter	tilgeil
hop	dòchas
hope	dòchas
hopeful	dòchasach
hopeless	gun dòchas
hopelessness	gun dòchas
hopes	dòchas
hoping	dòchas
hopper	hopper
horde	horde
horizon	fàire
horizontal	còmhnard
horizontally	còmhnard
hormonal	hormonal
hormone	hormone
horn	adharc
horned	adharcach
hornet	hornet
horny	adharcach
horoscope	uabhasach
horrendous	uabhasach
horrible	uabhasach
horribly	uamhasach
horrid	horrid
horrific	uabhasach
horrified	uabhasach
horrifying	uabhasach
horror	uabhas
horrors	uabhas
horse	each
horseback	muin eich
horseman	fear-uasal
horsepower	cumhachd eich
horseradish	saighdear eich
horseshit	horseshit
horseshoe	cruth eich
horsey	s an Iar-
horticultural	gàrradaireachd
horticulture	gàrradaireachd
hosannah	NO TRANSLATION
hose	hose
hosiery	geòidh
hospice	hospice
hospitable	aoigheil
hospital	ospadal
hospitality	aoigheachd
host	aoigheachd
hostage	ostail
hostel	Osdail
hostess	aoigheachd
hostile	nàimhdeil
hostilities	aimhreit
hostility	aimhreit
hot	teth
hot sauce	sauce teth
hotbed	sgaoileadh
hotdog	Ceapaire-isbein
hotel	òsta
hothead	sgaoileadh
hotline	loidhne dhìreach
hotshot	Tìr
hotyoga	NO TRANSLATION
hound	sgaoileadh
hour	uair
hourglass	sneachda
hourly	gach uair
house	taigh
houseboat	bàta-taighe
houseboy	taigh-taighe
housebroken	taigh briste
houseguest	an taigh as fheàrr
household	dachaigh
householder	neach-taighe
housekeeper	bean-taighe
housekeeping	gleidheadh ​​taighe
housewarming	taigheadas
housewife	bean-taighe
housework	obair taighe
housing	taigheadas
hovel	hovel
hover	sèididh
hovercraft	sneachda
howl	gràdh
howsoever	ge b 'e
hoy	NO TRANSLATION
hub	hub
hubby	sgaoileadh
huckleberry	huckleberry
huddle	huddle
hue	hue
huff	huff
huffy	aodach
hug	brataich
huge	mòr
hugger	sgaoileadh
huggy	sgaoileadh
hugs	hugs
hulk	hulk
hull	hull
hum	uisge
human	daonna
humane	daonnach
humanitarian	daonnachdach
humanities	daonnachdan
humanity	daonnachd
humankind	daonna
humanoid	sneachda
humanrights	NO TRANSLATION
humble	iriosal
humbled	iriosal
humbly	gu h-iriosal
humbug	humbug
humdrum	s an Iar-
humid	sneachda
humidity	taiseachd
humiliate	ìosal
humiliated	air a mhilleadh
humiliating	a 'gearanachadh
humiliation	irioslachadh
humility	iriosal
hummer	hummer
hummingbird	hummingbird
humongous	gruamach
humor	èibhinn
humored	àlainn
humorist	àbhachdas
humorous	èibhinn
hump	croit
humpback	cromadh
hunch	sealg
hunchback	sealgaireachd
hundred	ceud
hundredth	ceud bliadhna
hunger	acras
hungry	acrach
hunk	sealg
hunks	sealgaireachd
hunky	sealg
hunt	sealg
hunter	sealgair
hunting	sealg
huntress	sealgair
hurdle	hurdle
hurl	bualadh
hurrah	sneachda
hurricane	sruth
hurricanes	uisgeachan
hurried	sneachda
hurry	Hurry
hurryup	NO TRANSLATION
hurt	air a ghoirteachadh
hurtful	gortach
hurting	dol fodha
husband	an duine aice
husbandry	obrach
hush	hush
hushed	sgaoileadh
husk	NO TRANSLATION
husky	husky
hussy	bòidheach
hustle	hustle
hustler	hustler
hut	bothan
hutch	hutch
hyacinth	hyacinth
hybrid	dà-fhillte
hydra	hydra
hydrant	uisge
hydrate	uisge
hydraulic	uisge
hydraulics	uisgeachan
hydrocephalus	hydrocephalus
hydrodynamics	hydrodynamics
hydrogen	hydrogen
hydrographic	hydrographic
hydrology	uisge-eòlas
hydrophobia	uisge
hydroponics	hydroponics
hyena	hyena
hygiene	slàinteachas
hygienic	slàinteil
hygienist	uisge-slàinte
hymen	hymen
hymn	laoidh
hype	hype
hyped	sgaoileadh
hyper	hyper
hyperactive	obrachail
hyperbole	hyperbole
hyperspace	uisge-beatha
hypertension	briseadh-dùil
hypertrophy	sùilean àrd
hyperventilate	hyperventilate
hyperventilating	sìor-adhartachadh
hyphen	tàthan
hypnosis	hypnosis
hypnotic	aodach
hypnotist	hypnotist
hypnotize	geàrr-iomradh
hypnotized	Air adhart
hypochondriac	hipochondriac
hypocrisy	cealgach
hypocrite	cealgair
hypocritical	sgiobalta
hypodermic	s an Iar-
hypothalamus	hypothalamus
hypothermia	aodach
hypothesis	barail
hypothetical	tàmailteach
hysterectomy	hysterectomy
hysteria	hysteria
hysterical	sgaoileadh
ibuprofen	ibuprofen
ice	deigh
ice tea	tì deigh
iceberg	geòidh-deighe
icebox	bogsa-deighe
icebreaker	briseadh deigh
iced	eadhon
icing	eadhon
icky	icky
icon	ìomhaigh
iconic	eireachdail
iconography	iconography
icy	oighre
id	id
idea	smaoineachadh
ideal	fìor mhath
idealism	idealism
idealist	sàr-mhath
idealistic	sàr-mhath
identical	co-ionann
identically	gu dearbh
identification	aithneachadh
identify	aithneachadh
identity	dearbh-aithne
ideology	ideology
idiocy	idioc
idiom	gnàthasan-cainnte
idiomatic	idiomatic
idiot	iongantach
idiotic	iongantach
idiots	gnàthasan-cainnt
idle	neo-eisimeileach
idleness	neo-chothromachd
idler	aodach
idol	idol
idolatry	idolatraidh
idolizing	idolizing
idyllic	s an Iar-
iffy	ma tha
ifonly	ma tha
igloo	igloo
igneous	igneous
ignite	leig seachad
ignition	a leigeil air falbh
ignorance	aineolas
ignorant	aineolach
ignore	leig seachad
iguana	iguana
ihatespiders	NO TRANSLATION
ilk	NO TRANSLATION
ill	tinn
illegal	mì-laghail
illegality	mì-laghail
illegally	gu mì-laghail
illegible	neònach so
illegitimate	dìolain
illicit	mì-laghail
illiterate	neo-riaghailteach
illness	tinneas
illogical	neo-àbhaisteach
illuminate	soilleireachadh
illuminating	a 'soilleireachadh
illumination	soillseachadh
illuminator	soilleireachadh
illusion	mì-thoilichte
illustrate	sealltainn
illustration	dealbh
illustrative	dealbhan
illustrious	eireachdail
ilovechristmas	NO TRANSLATION
iloveher	NO TRANSLATION
image	ìomhaigh
imagery	ìomhaighean
imaginable	smaoineachadh
imaginary	samhlachail
imagination	mac-meanmna
imaginative	mac-meanmnach
imagine	smaoineachadh
imagined	smaoineachadh
imaging	ìomhaighean
imagining	a 'smaoineachadh
imam	NO TRANSLATION
imbalance	mì-chothromachadh
imbecile	imbecile
imbedded	s an Iar-
imissyou	NO TRANSLATION
imitate	aithris
imitated	imrich
imitation	smuaintean
immaculate	gun teagamh
immaterial	neo-chùramach
immature	neo-neònach
immaturity	neo-thlachdmhor
immeasurable	mì-chothromach
immeasurably	gun teagamh
immediacy	dìreach
immediate	sa bhad
immediately	sa bhad
immemorial	gun teagamh
immense	mòr
immerse	bogadh
immersion	bogadh
immigrant	in-imriche
immigration	in-imrich
imminent	air thoiseach
immobile	gluasad
immoral	mì-laghail
immorality	mì-bheothalachd
immortal	neo-bhàsmhor
immortality	neo-bhàsachd
immovable	neo-ghluasadach
immune	dìon
immunity	dìonachd
immunization	banachdach
immutable	neo-chomasach
imp	imp
impact	buaidh
impair	milleadh
impaired	le duilgheadas
impairment	milleadh
impart	toirt seachad
impartial	neo-chlaonachd
impartiality	neo-chlaonachd
impassable	neo-chomasach
impassioned	gun teagamh
impatience	neo-fhaireachdainn
impatient	neo-fhulangach
impatiently	NO TRANSLATION
impeach	impeach
impeachment	impeachment
impeccable	impeccable
impede	gàirdeachas
impediment	bacadh
impelled	sgaoileadh
impending	sgaoileadh
impenetrable	neo-shoilleir
imperative	riatanach
imperceptible	neo-chomasach
imperfect	neo-iomlan
imperfection	annasach
imperfectly	neo-iomlan
imperial	imperial
imperialist	NO TRANSLATION
impermeable	neo-thruaillte
impermissible	Cha ghabh seo a chluich
impersonal	neo-pearsanta
impersonate	mì-chomasach
impersonation	mì-chliù
impersonator	neach-aithris
impertinence	s an Iar-
impertinent	s an Iar-
impervious	mì-fhortanach
impetuous	èibhinn
impetus	èasgaidh
implacable	mì-chomasach
implant	implant
implantation	implantachadh
implanted	air a chuir a-steach
implement	cur an gnìomh
implicate	ciallachadh
implicated	steach
implication	implication
implied	air a thuigsinn
implore	gun teagamh
implosion	implosion
imply	ciallaich
impolite	mì-chinnteach
import	steach
importance	cudromachd
important	cudromach
importation	a 'toirt a-steach
impose	òrdachadh
imposing	sgaoileadh
imposition	sgaoileadh
impossibility	neo-chomasach
impossible	do-dhèanta
impostor	impostor
impotence	impotence
impotent	neo-chomasach
impound	sgaoileadh
impoverished	truagh
impracticable	mì-chomasach
impractical	neo-fhoirmeil
impregnable	impregnable
impregnate	a lìonadh
impress	s an Iar-
impressed	s an Iar-
impression	beachd
impressionable	s dòcha
impressive	iongantach
imprint	imprint
imprison	sa phrìosan
imprisoned	sa phrìosan
imprisonment	prìosain
improbable	iongantach
impromptu	neo-ghluasadach
improper	mì-fhreagarrach
impropriety	neònach
improve	leasachadh
improved	leasaichte
improvement	leasachadh
improves	a 'fàs nas fheàrr
improving	a 'fàs nas fheàrr
improvisation	sgeadachadh
improvise	sgrìobhaidh
improvised	sgiobalta
imprudent	mì-chùramach
impudence	impudence
impudent	mì-mhodhail
impulse	sgaoileadh
impulsive	èibhinn
impunity	ciontach
impure	impure
impurity	neo-dhìomhaireachd
imputation	s an Iar-
imtryingtosleep	NO TRANSLATION
inability	neo-chomas
inaccessible	mì-ruigsinneach
inaccurate	mì-cheart
inaction	mì-rianachd
inactivate	neo-ghnìomhach
inactivation	inactivation
inactive	neo-ghnìomhach
inactivity	neo-ghnìomhachd
inadequacy	neo-fhreagarrach
inadequate	mì-fhreagarrach
inadequateness	neo-fhreagarrach
inadmissible	neo-chomasach
inadvertent	mì-fhortanach
inadvertently	gu mì-fhortanach
inaffable	NO TRANSLATION
inalienable	neo-ionnan
inane	annan
inanimate	annasach
inapplicable	neo-fhreagarrach
inappropriate	neo-iomchaidh
inattention	mothachadh
inaudible	neo-chudthromach
inaugural	chiad turas
inaugurate	tòiseachadh
inauguration	tòiseachadh
inborn	s an Iar-
inbound	a-steach
inbred	ann
incalculable	neo-ionnan
incandescent	sgaoileadh
incantation	beul-aithris
incapable	neo-chomasach
incapacity	neo-chomas
incarceration	a 'losgadh
incarnate	sgaoileadh
incase	Gun fhios
incendiary	fiadhaich
incense	tùis
incensed	sgaoileadh
incentive	brosnachaidh
inception	tòiseachadh
incessant	neo-eisimeileach
incessantly	gun chùis
incest	incest
incestuous	sgaoileadh
inch	òirlich
incidence	tricead
incident	tachartas
incidental	tachartas
incidentally	gu caraid
incineration	losgadh
incinerator	losgaidh
incipient	tòiseachadh
incision	incrise
incisive	sgaoileadh
incite	brosnaich
incitement	brosnachadh
inclement	aodach
inclination	bualadh
incline	incline
inclined	clachan
include	steach
included	steach
including	gabhail a-steach
inclusion	in-ghabhail
inclusive	in-ghabhalach
incognito	A 'chiad chòig làithean Nas fhaide air adhart
incoherent	annasach
income	teachd-a-steach
incoming	a 'tighinn a-steach
incomparable	neo-chothromach
incompatible	neo-chòrdail
incompetence	neo-chomasachd
incompetent	neo-chomasach
incomplete	neo-iomlan
incompletely	neo-iomlan
incompleteness	neo-iomlanachd
incomprehensible	neo-shoilleir
inconceivable	neo-chomasach
inconclusive	mì-chinnteach
incongruous	neo-chothromach
inconsequential	neo-eisimeileach
inconsiderate	mì-fhreagarrach
inconsistency	neo-chunbhalachd
inconsistent	neo-chunbhalach
inconspicuous	neo-chunbhalach
incontinence	neo-riaghailteach
inconvenience	mì-ghoireasachd
inconvenient	mì-ghoireasach
incorporate	steach
incorporation	corporra
incorrect	ceàrr
incorrigible	neo-chothromach
increase	meudachadh
increased	meudachadh
incredible	iongantach
incredulous	mì-chinnteach
increment	meudachadh
incriminate	neo-chiontach
incriminating	a 'cur bacadh air
incrimination	mì-ghearradh
incubation	cùram
incubator	sneachda
incubus	s an Iar-
incumbent	neach-seilbh
incur	a 'tighinn
incurable	neo-chomasach
incursion	ionnsaigh
indebted	dealasach
indecency	èibhinn
indecent	mì-fhortanach
indecision	dìomhaireachd
indecisive	dìcheallach
indefensible	neo-chothromach
indefinite	neo-chinnteach
indelible	neo-fhaicsinneach
indemnification	indemnation
indemnify	dìoladh
indemnity	indemnity
indent	steach
indentation	sgaoileadh
indenture	sgaoileadh
independence	neo-eisimeileachd
independent	neo-eisimeileach
indescribable	gun teagamh
indestructible	neo-chomasach
indeterminate	neo-chrìochnaichte
index	clàr-amais
indicate	sealltainn
indicating	a 'sealltainn
indication	comharrachadh
indicative	taisbeanach
indicator	comharradh
indice	NO TRANSLATION
indict	a dhìteadh
indictment	dìteadh
indie	indie
indifference	mì-chothrom
indifferent	gun teagamh
indigenous	dùthchasach
indigent	èiginn
indigestion	dragh
indignant	indignach
indignation	indign
indignity	indignation
indigo	indigo
indirect	neo-dhìreach
indiscreet	neo-sgaradh
indiscretion	neo-dhìoladh
indispensable	riatanach
indisposed	s an Iar-
indistinct	neo-iongantach
indistinguishable	mì-chinnteach
individual	fa leth
individuality	fa leth
indivisible	neo-dhìreach
indoctrination	dìtheanachadh
indolent	mì-fhortanach
indomitable	gun teagamh
indoor	staigh
induce	a 'brosnachadh
induced	air a bhrosnachadh
inducement	an-inntinn
induction	inntrigeadh
indulge	s an Iar-
indulgence	dealachadh
indulgent	neo-eisimeileach
industrial	gnìomhachas
industrialist	gnìomhachas
industrious	gnìomhachasach
industry	gnìomhachas
ineffable	neo-chomasach
ineffective	neo-èifeachdach
ineffectual	neo-èifeachdach
inefficiency	neo-èifeachdach
inefficient	neo-èifeachdach
inelastic	neo-ionnan
ineligible	mì-chothromach
inept	inept
ineptitude	neo-chomasach
inequality	neo-ionannachd
inequitable	neo-ionnan
inert	annasach
inertia	inertia
inevitable	do-sheachanta
inexact	neo-ghnìomhach
inexcusable	neo-chràbhach
inexhaustible	neo-ionannachd
inexpensive	saor
inexperience	eòlas
inexperienced	neo-eòlach
inexplicable	mì-chliùiteach
inexpressible	neo-inntinneach
infallibility	infallibility
infallible	neo-mhearachdach
infamous	mì-chliùiteach
infamy	mì-chliù
infancy	infancy
infant	leanabh
infanticide	leanabas
infantile	leanabh
infantry	coisearachd
infarct	mì-fhortanach
infatuated	mì-fhortanach
infatuation	sabaid
infeasible	mì-chothromach
infect	gabhaltas
infection	galar
infectious	gabhaltach
infer	ìosal
inference	co-dhùnadh
inferential	sgaoileadh
inferior	inferior
inferiority	inferiorachd
infernal	Alba | Naidheachdan |
inferno	inferno
infertile	mì-fhortanach
infertility	mì-ghnàthachadh
infestation	infestation
infidel	neo-chreideamh
infidelity	neo-chreideas
infield	infield
infiltrate	a-steach
infiltration	iniltireachd
infinite	neo-chrìochnach
infinitely	neo-chrìochnach
infinitesimal	neo-chrìochnach
infinity	neo-chrìochnach
infirm	euslainteach
infirmary	an ospadal
infirmity	laigsean
inflammation	sèid
inflammatory	sgaoileadh
inflatable	sèididh
inflate	inflate
inflated	bròg
inflation	atmhorachd
inflection	inflection
inflict	sgaoileadh
infliction	sgaoileadh
inflorescence	sneachda
influence	buaidh
influential	buaidh
influenza	influenza
influx	steach
info	fiosrachadh
infomercial	sgaoileadh
inform	innse
informal	neo-fhoirmeil
informant	neach-cuideachaidh
information	fiosrachadh
informative	fiosrachadh
informed	fiosraichte
informer	fiosraiche
infraction	smachd
infrared	infridhearg
infrastructure	bun-structar
infrequent	gu math tric
infrequently	glè thric
infringement	briseadh
infuriate	ann an cunnart
infuriated	mì-fhortanach
infuriates	neo-ionnan
infuriating	mì-fhortanach
infuse	sgaoilidh
infused	sgaoileadh
infuser	sgudal
infusion	sgudal
ingenious	èibhinn
ingenuity	innleachdas
ingest	s an Iar-
ingestion	sèididh
ingot	ingot
ingrained	s an Iar-
ingrate	ann
ingredient	tàthchuid
ingress	steach
inhabit	fuireach
inhabitant	neach-còmhnaidh
inhabited	fuireach
inhabiting	fuireach ann
inhalation	inhalation
inhale	inhale
inhaler	analadair
inherent	eachdraidheil
inherit	oighre
inheritance	oighreachd
inhibit	bacadh
inhibition	bacadh
inhibitor	inhibitor
inhospitable	neo-sgaraichte
inhuman	neo-dhaonna
inhumane	mì-fhortanach
inhumanity	neo-dhaonna
inimaginable	NO TRANSLATION
inimical	inimical
inimitable	inimitable
iniquity	aingidheachd
initial	tùs
initiate	tòiseachadh
initiated	tòiseachadh
initiation	tòiseachadh
initiative	iomairt
inject	sgaoilidh
injection	in-stealladh
injunction	smachdachadh
injure	leòn
injured	air an leòn
injuring	leòn
injurious	truailleachail
injury	leòn
injustice	mì-cheartas
ink	inc
inkling	steach
inland	taobh a-staigh na dùthcha
inlay	còmhdach
inlet	ann
inmate	caoidh
inn	Taigh-òsta
innards	innards
innate	innis
inner	staigh
innermost	innermost
innerpeace	NO TRANSLATION
inning	inning
innings	innings
innkeeper	taigh-seinnse
innocence	neo-chiontach
innocent	neo-chiontach
innocently	neo-chiontach
innocuous	neo-chiontach
innovate	ùr-ghnàthachadh
innovation	ùr-ghnàthachadh
innovative	ùr-ghnàthach
innuendo	innuendo
innumerable	innumerable
inoculation	sèididh
inoperable	neo-chomasach
inoperative	neo-eisimeileach
inordinate	neo-dhìreach
inorganic	neo-riaghailteach
input	steach
inquest	ceist
inquire	faighneachd
inquirer	fiosraichidh
inquiring	a 'faighneachd
inquiry	ceasnachadh
inquisitive	ceasnachail
inquisitor	rannsachair
insane	mì-chinnteach
insanity	dìomhaireachd
insatiable	neo-sheasmhach
inscription	sgrìobhadh
inscrutable	mì-chinnteach
insect	insect
insecticide	insectide
insecure	neo-chinnteach
insecurity	mì-thèarainteachd
insemination	biathadh
insensitive	mì-chinnteach
inseparable	neo-sgaraichte
insert	cuir a-steach
inserted	steach
insertion	cuir a-steach
inside	taobh a-staigh
insider	stiùiriche
insidious	sàmhach
insight	lèirsinn
insightful	lèirsinneach
insignia	insignia
insignificance	fìor dhuilgheadas
insignificant	glè bheag
insinuate	cuir a-steach
insipid	neo-dhìreach
insist	seasmhach
insistence	seasmhachd
insistent	èibhinn
insists	a 'miannachadh
insolence	sìorrachd
insolent	s an Iar-
insoluble	neo-choimheach
insolvency	fulangas
insolvent	mì-fhortanach
insomnia	insomnia
insomniac	insomniac
inspect	sgrùdadh
inspection	sgrùdadh
inspector	sgrùdaidh
inspiration	brosnachadh
inspirational	brosnachail
inspire	brosnachadh
inspired	air a bhrosnachadh
instability	neo-sheasmhachd
install	stàlaich
installation	stàladh
installment	stàladh
instance	eisimpleir
instant	sa bhad
instantaneous	sa bhad
instantaneously	sa bhad
instigate	tòiseachadh
instigation	deuchainn
instill	s an Iar-
instinct	annasach
instinctive	àraid
institute	institiùd
institution	institiùd
instruct	teagaisg
instructed	òrdugh
instruction	stiùireadh
instructional	teagaisg
instructions	stiùireadh
instructive	teagaisg
instructor	teagaisg
instrument	ionnstramaid
instrumental	ionnsramaid
instrumentalist	ionnsramaid
instrumentality	ionnsramaid
insubordination	an-còmhnaidh
insufferable	neo-thorrach
insufficiency	insufficientachd
insufficient	gu leòr
insufficiently	gu leòr
insular	eilean
insulate	steach
insulated	air a sgeadachadh
insulation	insulation
insulin	insulin
insult	sàrachadh
insulting	sàrachadh
insurance	àrachas
insure	dèanamh cinnteach
insurgent	saighdearan
insurmountable	neo-chomasach
insurrection	ar-a-mach
intact	slàn
intake	inntrigidh
intangible	neo-fhaicsinneach
integer	sàmhlaiche
integral	integral
integrate	integreachadh
integration	amalachadh
integrity	ionracas
intellect	inntinn
intellectual	inntleachdail
intelligence	fiosrachadh
intelligent	deònach
intelligibility	tuigse
intelligible	furasta
intend	an dùil
intended	s an Iar-Dheas
intending	a 'sùileachadh
intense	dian
intensely	gu dian
intensify	dian
intensity	dian
intensive	dian
intent	rùn
intention	rùn
intentional	deiseil
intentionally	gu h-aonar
inter	eadar
interact	eadar-obrachadh
interaction	eadar-obrachadh
interactive	eadar-ghnìomhach
intercede	eadar-theangachadh
intercept	eadar-theangachadh
interception	eadar-ghabhail
intercession	eadar-ghluasad
interchange	eadar-mhalairteachadh
interchangeable	eadar-mhalairteach
interchanged	eadar-ghluasad
intercom	eadar-theangachadh
intercourse	càirdeas
interdependence	eadar-eisimeileachd
interdependent	eadar-eisimeileach
interdiction	eadar-dhealachadh
interest	ùidh
interested	le ùidh
interesting	inntinneach
interface	eadar-aghaidh
interfere	cur bacadh air
interference	cur an aghaidh
interferometer	interferometer
intergalactic	eadar-theangachadh
interim	eadar-amail
interior	staigh
interject	sgaoileadh
interlocutory	eadar-ghnàthach
interlude	eadar-theangachadh
intermediary	eadar-mheadhanach
intermediate	eadar-mheadhanach
interment	ionnsaigh
interminable	neo-chrìochnach
intermission	sgaoileadh
intermittent	eadar-amail
intern	eadar-lìon
internal	staigh
internally	staigh
international	eadar-nàiseanta
internet	eadar-lìon
internship	inntearnas
interoffice	eadar-fhòcais
interpolate	eadar-theangachadh
interpolation	eadar-theangachadh
interpret	mìneachadh
interpretation	mìneachadh
interpreter	eadar-theangair
interpretive	mìneachadh
interrelated	eadar-cheangailte
interrogate	ceasnachadh
interrogation	ceasnachadh
interrupt	sabaid
interrupted	sgaoileadh
interrupting	sabaid
interruption	briseadh
interrupts	eadar-theangachadh
intersect	eadar-theangachadh
intersection	còmhdach
interstate	eadar-nàiseanta
interstellar	eadar-stàite
interstitial	eadar-roinneil
interval	ìosal
intervene	eadar-theangachadh
intervening	eadar-theangachadh
intervention	eadar-theachd
interview	agallamh
interviewer	agallamh
interworking	eadar-obrachadh
intestate	an-dràsta
intestinal	deuchainn
intestine	gual
intestines	eanchainn
intimacy	dìleas
intimate	dìomhair
intimately	gu dearbh
intimation	aithris
intimidate	eagal
intimidated	air eagal
intimidating	eagal
intimidation	eagal
intolerable	annasach
intolerance	eas-fhulangas
intolerant	neo-fhulangach
intonation	claoidhneachd
intoxicated	èiginn
intoxicating	meallta
intoxication	fulangas
intracranial	intracranial
intractable	neo-fhaicsinneach
intramural	faireachdainnean
intravenous	annasach
intrepid	èibhinn
intricate	iongantach
intrigue	sgaoileadh
intriguing	inntinneach
intrinsic	àraid
intrinsically	gu h-annasach
intro	intro
introduce	steach
introduction	toirt a-steach
introductory	tòiseachaidh
introspection	introspection
introspective	inntinneach
intrude	cuir a-steach
intruder	ionnsaigh
intrusion	cur an cèill
intrusive	sgaoileadh
intubation	deuchainn
intuition	giùlan
intuitive	iongantach
intuitively	gu mì-thoilichte
inundation	tuiltean
invade	ionnsaigh
invader	ionnsaigh
invalid	neo-dhligheach
invalidate	invalidate
invalidation	invalidation
invalidity	invalidity
invaluable	luachmhor
invariably	gu mòr
invasion	ionnsaigh
invasive	iongantach
invent	invent
invention	innleachd
inventive	innleachdach
inventor	innleadair
inventory	clàradh
inverse	casg
inversely	annasach
inversion	tionndadh
invert	invert
inverted	s an Iar-
invest	tasgadh
investigate	sgrùdadh
investigation	sgrùdadh
investigative	rannsachadh
investigator	rannsachair
investment	tasgadh
investor	tasgaidh
invidious	iomallach
invigorate	sgaoileadh
invincible	mì-chinnteach
invisibility	invisibility
invisible	neo-fhaicsinneach
invitation	cuireadh
invite	cuireadh a thoirt seachad
inviting	ag iarraidh
invocation	ionnsaigh
invoice	fhàirdeal
invoke	ag iarraidh
involuntary	neo-eisimeileach
involution	sgaoileadh
involve	steach
involvement	pàirteachas
invulnerable	neo-ionnan
inwards	steach
iodine	iodine
ion	ion
iota	iota
irate	irate
ire	NO TRANSLATION
iridescent	sgaoileadh
iris	iris
irked	sgaoileadh
irks	sneachda
iron	iarann
ironclad	eadhon
ironic	èibhinn
irons	irisean
irony	irony
irradiation	irradiation
irrational	neo-riaghailteach
irrationality	neo-riaghailteach
irreconcilable	mì-chinnteach
irreducible	neo-thoirmeasg
irrefutable	neo-dhìreach
irregular	neo-riaghailteach
irregularity	neo-riaghailteachd
irregularly	gu neo-riaghailteach
irrelevant	nach eil buntainneach
irreparable	neo-chothromach
irreplaceable	neo-chudromach
irrepressible	neo-sheasmhach
irresistible	neo-rèiteach
irrespective	a dh'aindeoin sin
irresponsible	neo-chùramach
irreverent	neo-iongantach
irreversible	neo-fhaicsinneach
irrevocable	neo-dhì-chomasach
irrigate	uisgeachadh
irrigation	uisgeachadh
irritability	irritability
irritable	mì-chinnteach
irritate	èibhinn
irritated	èibhinn
irritates	èibhinn
irritating	èibhinn
irritation	èibhinn
island	eilean
isle	isle
islet	islet
isolate	àraid
isolated	iomallach
isolation	iomallachd
isomorphism	isomorphism
isothermal	isothermal
isotope	isotope
issue	cùis
itch	itch
itching	curach
itchy	sneachda
item	nì
itemize	leugh e
items	rudan
iterate	falbh
iteration	a dhol air ais
iterative	aithris
itinerant	siubhal
itinerary	siubhal
ivory	ivory
jab	jab
jabber	jabber
jack	jack
jackal	jackal
jackass	jackass
jacket	seacaid
jackhammer	sgaoileadh
jackpot	s an Iar-
jackrabbit	s an Iar-
jacks	jacks
jade	jade
jaded	sgaoileadh
jag	NO TRANSLATION
jagged	sneachda
jaguar	jaguar
jail	prìosan
jailbird	jailbird
jailbreak	jailbreak
jailer	neach-gleidhidh
jailhouse	jailhouse
jalopy	jalopy
jam	jam
jamboree	jamboree
jammed	sgaoileadh
jammer	sgiobair
janitor	dorsair
janitorial	dorsair
japan	Iapan
jar	jar
jargon	jargon
jarhead	jarhead
jarring	sneachda
jasmine	jasmine
jasper	jasper
jaundice	buidheachas
jaunt	buidheachas
java	java
javelin	geallan
jaw	ceàrr
jawbone	jawbone
jaws	jaws
jay	jay
jazz	jazz
jazzy	jazzy
jealous	eudach
jealousy	eud
jean	jean
jeans	jeans
jeep	jeep
jeering	sneachda
jelly	jelly
jellybean	jellybean
jellyfish	sgiobair
jenny	jenny
jeopardize	cunnartach
jeopardy	cunnart
jerk	jerk
jerks	seallaidhean
jerky	jerky
jersey	sgaoileadh
jest	NO TRANSLATION
jester	fear
jesus	jesus
jet	jet
jetty	cidhe
jewel	jewel
jeweler	seudair
jewelry	jewelry
jib	jib
jiff	NO TRANSLATION
jiffy	jiffy
jig	jig
jiggle	jiggle
jigsaw	jigsaw
jihad	jihad
jimmy	jimmy
jingle	jingle
jinx	jinx
jitters	luchd-èisdeachd
jittery	sgiobalta
jive	beò
job	obair
jobinterview	NO TRANSLATION
jock	jock
jockey	jockey
jockstrap	jockstrap
jog	jog
jogger	sneachda
john	john
join	gabh pàirt
joined	steach
joining	tighinn còmhla
joint	co-roinn
jointly	còmhla
joke	èibhinn
joker	joker
joking	a 'magadh
jolly	gòrach
jolt	jolt
jornada	NO TRANSLATION
jot	jot
jour	NO TRANSLATION
journal	iris
journalism	naidheachdas
journalist	neach-naidheachd
journalistic	irisean
journey	turas
journeyman	sgaoileadh
joust	joust
jovial	dìomhaireachd
joy	aoibhneas
joyful	aoibhneach
joyous	aoibhneas
joyride	sgaoileadh
joys	aoibhneas
jubilant	dealachadh
jubilee	jubilee
judge	britheamh
judged	breithneachadh
judging	breithneachadh
judgment	breithneachadh
judgmental	breithneachadh
judicial	laghail
judiciary	breithneachaidh
judicious	bòidheach
judo	judo
jug	jug
juggle	sguabadh
juggler	saighdearan
juggling	ag èigheach
jugular	èibhinn
juice	sùgh
juicer	òraid
juicy	sùbailte
juju	NO TRANSLATION
juke	òl
jukebox	jukebox
jumble	tubaist
jumbled	sgiobalta
jumbo	jumbo
jump	leum
jump rope	ròpa leum
jumper	sgiobair
jumpsuit	leum leum
jumpy	leum
junction	junction
juncture	àite
jungle	jungle
junior	òigridh
juniper	annabar
junk	sgudal
junket	cruinneag
junkie	sùnaig
junky	junky
junkyard	junkyard
junta	junta
juridical	laghail
jurisdiction	uachdranas
jurisprudence	jurisprudence
jurist	laghail
juror	juror
jury	diùraidh
justice	ceartas
justifiable	ionnan
justification	fìreanachadh
justify	dìleas
juststop	NO TRANSLATION
justthebeginning	NO TRANSLATION
jute	jute
juvenile	òigridh
juxtaposition	òrdugh
kaiser	kaiser
kale	kale
kaleidoscope	kaleidoscope
kamikaze	kamikaze
kangaroo	kangaroo
kanji	kanji
kappa	kappa
kaput	NO TRANSLATION
karaoke	karaoke
karate	karate
karma	karma
karmic	karmic
kayak	kayak
kazoo	kazoo
kebab	kebab
keel	ceò
keen	deònach
keep	cùm
keeper	gleidhidh
keeping	cumail
keepsake	sàbhaladh
keg	Ceangalaichean BBC
kelp	ceilp
ken	ken
kennel	kennel
kerchief	gàirdeachas
kern	kern
kernel	craiceann
kerosene	kerosene
ketchup	cratag
kettle	coire
key	iuchair
keyboard	meur-chlàr
keyed	s an Iar-
keyhole	clachan-cinn
keynote	prìomh dhreuchd
keypad	inneal-ciùil
keystone	clach-chinn
keyword	prìomh fhacal
khaki	khaki
khan	khan
kibble	kibble
kick	buille
kickboxing	bocsa-bìdh
kicker	criomadair
kicking	a 'bualadh
kickoff	A’ chiad breab
kid	aodach
kidder	sgoilear
kidding	sèididh
kiddo	kiddo
kiddos	kiddos
kidnap	aodach
kidnapped	air a ghoid
kidnapper	aodach
kidnapping	losgadh
kidney	dubhagan
kids	clann
kill	marbh
killer	marbhtach
killing	marbhadh
killjoy	sgaoileadh
kiln	àth
kilo	NO TRANSLATION
kilogram	cileagram
kilometer	cilmeatair
kilt	fèileadh
kimono	kimono
kin	càirdeas
kind	caoimhneil
kindergarten	sgaoileadh
kindling	ag èigheach
kindness	caoimhneas
kindred	càirdeas
kinematics	cinematics
kinesiology	cinn-eòlas
kinetic	cinidh
king	rìgh
king snake	nathair rìgh
kingdom	rìoghachd
kingpin	rìgh
kink	kink
kinky	gàire
kinship	càirdeas
kiosk	kiosk
kirk	eaglais
kiss	pòg
kisser	pòg
kissy	pòg
kit	inneal
kitchen	cidsin
kite	kite
kitten	piseag
kiwi	kiwi
klutz	clutz
knack	clach
knapsack	cnapan-slaodaidh
knead	gliocas
knee	glùine
kneecap	glùinean
kneel	glùineil
kneeling	glùinean
knell	clach
knick	sgian
knickers	sneachda
knife	sgian
knight	ridire
knighthood	s an Iar-
knit	aodach
knob	saoghail
knock	cnoc
knockoff	briseadh
knockout	Fuaraich
knoll	cnuic
knot	snaidhm
knots	snaidhmean
knotted	air a snaidhm
know	fios agad
knowing	eòlas
knowingly	gu fiosrach
knowledge	eòlas
knowledgeable	eòlach
knuckle	sneachda
knucklehead	knucklehead
knuckles	sgianan
koala	koala
kook	NO TRANSLATION
kooky	s an Iar-
kool-aid	taic-cobhair
kos	kos
kosher	kosher
kraut	NO TRANSLATION
kris	kris
kryptonite	kryptonite
kudos	kudos
kumquat	kumquat
lab	lab
label	label
labor	saothair
laboratory	obair-lann
labored	ag obair
laborer	obrach
laboring	ag obair
laborious	obrach
labyrinth	lanntrach
lac	lac
lace	lus
laceration	laceration
lack	dìth
lackey	lackey
lacking	cion
lackluster	neònach
lacquer	lacquer
lacrosse	lacrosse
lactose	lactose
lad	gille
ladder	àrdachadh
laddie	laddie
laden	làn
lading	àite
ladle	ladle
lady	bhean
lady bug	NO TRANSLATION
ladybug	bean-bhrag
ladylike	ladylike
ladyship	ladyship
lag	lag
lager	NO TRANSLATION
lagging	lùghdaichte
lagoon	lagoon
lair	lair
laity	laity
lake	loch
lama	NO TRANSLATION
lamb	uain
lame	lame
lament	cumha
lamenting	a 'caoidh
lamina	lamina
laminated	le lannan
lamp	lampa
lamppost	puist-lampa
lance	sgaoileadh
lancer	lancer
land	fearann
landed	air tìr
landfall	tìr
landfill	lìonadh-talmhainn
landing	tighinn air tìr
landlady	tìr-dùthcha
landlocked	sgaoileadh
landlord	uachdaran
landmark	comharraichte
lands	fearann
landscape	tìr
landscaping	cruthan-tìre
landslide	maoim-slèibhe
lane	lane
language	cànan
languid	neònach
languish	sàrachadh
languishing	a 'mealltuinn
lanky	lanky
lantern	lantern
lap	lap
lapdog	lapdog
lapel	lapel
lapse	lapse
lapsed	sgaoileadh
laptop	laptop
larceny	sgaoileadh
lard	lard
larder	sgaoileadh
large	mòr
larger	nas motha
largo	NO TRANSLATION
lark	s an Iar-
larva	larbha
laryngitis	laryngitis
larynx	laringe
lasagna	lasagna
laser	laser
lash	lash
lass	lass
lasso	lasso
lastday	NO TRANSLATION
lasting	maireannach
lastminute	sgaoileadh
latch	latch
late	fadalach
lateness	lagachd
latent	fulang
lateral	taobh thall
laterally	air an taobh thall
latex	latex
lathe	brat
lather	lather
latitude	domhan-leud
latrine	latrine
latrines	latrines
latte	latte
lattice	lèineag
laud	laud
laudable	ionmholta
laudation	moladh
laudatory	moladh
laugh	gàire
laughable	laughable
laughing	gàire
laughingstock	NO TRANSLATION
laughs	gàire
laughter	gàire
launch	tòiseachadh
launcher	pròiseict
launches	a 'cur air bhog
launder	lagachadh
laundering	giùlan
laundry	nigheadaireachd
laureate	laureate
laurel	larach
laurels	laurels
lava	labha
lavage	cuibhreann
lavatory	aodach
lavender	lavender
lavish	eireachdail
law	lagh
lawful	dligheach
lawless	gun lagh
lawlessness	gun lagh
lawman	neach-lagha
lawn	lawn
lawnmower	lomaire-feòir
lawsuit	iomairt laghail
lawyer	neach-lagh
lax	lax
laxative	laxative
lay	laighe
layaway	layaway
layer	sreath
layered	s an Ear-Dheas
layman	layman
layout	cruth
layover	saoghail
laziness	duilich
lazy	lag
lazyday	NO TRANSLATION
lea	lea
lead	luaidhe
leaded	air thoiseach
leader	ceannard
leadership	ceannardas
leading	air thoiseach
leads	stiùirichean
leaf	duilleag
leaflet	bileag
leafy	duilleag
league	lìog
leak	sgìth
leakage	losgadh
leaky	leaky
lean	sàmhach
leaned	sgaoileadh
leaning	sgaoileadh
leap	leum
learn	ionnsaich
learned	ionnsachadh
learner	neach-ionnsachaidh
learning	ionnsachadh
lease	màl
leash	leash
leather	leathar
leathery	leathair
leave	fàg
leavemealone	Fàg mi leam fhìn
leaving	fàgail
lecherous	sgaoileadh
lecture	òraid
lecturer	òraidiche
ledge	Lùchairt
ledger	leabhar-cinnidh
lee	lee
leech	leech
leeches	leeches
leer	NO TRANSLATION
leery	leery
lees	NO TRANSLATION
leeway	leeway
left	clì
leftout	NO TRANSLATION
leftover	air fhàgail
leftovers	fàgail
lefty	chlèireach
leg	cas
legacy	dìleab
legal	laghail
legality	laghail
legalize	laghail
legalized	laghail
legally	gu laghail
legend	sgeul
legendary	iongantach
legibility	furasta a leughadh
legible	furasta a leughadh
legion	legion
legislate	reachdas
legislation	reachdas
legislative	reachdas
legislator	reachdas
legislature	reachdadaireachd
legit	legit
legitimacy	dligheachd
legitimate	dligheach
lego	Lego
legs	casan
legume	èisg
legwork	obair-coise
leisure	cur-seachad
leisurely	spòrsail
lemma	lemma
lemon	lemon
lemonade	lemonade
lend	toirt seachad iasad
lender	iasgair
lending	iasadachd
length	fhad
lengthen	leudaich
lengthened	Leudaichte
lengthening	a 'leudachadh
lengthwise	fad
lengthy	fada
leniency	sèimheachd
lenient	s an Iar-
lens	lionsa
leopard	leopard
leotard	leotard
leper	leper
leprechaun	leprechaun
leprosy	luibhre
lesbian	lesbian
lesbianism	lesbianism
lesion	leion
less	nas lugha
lessee	gabhaltais
lessen	lùghdaich
lessening	lùghdachadh
lesser	nas lugha
lesson	leasan
lessor	tàladair
let	leig leam
lethal	marbhtach
lethargic	sgiobalta
lethargy	sabaid
letter	litir
lettered	litrichean
letterhead	ceann litreach
lettering	litrichean
letters	litrichean
lettuce	leatas
leukemia	leucemia
levee	levee
level	ìre
lever	lever
leverage	luamhan
levitate	sùbailteachd
levy	cìs
lewd	lewd
lexicon	faclair
ley	NO TRANSLATION
liabilities	uallaichean
liability	buailteachd
liable	buailteach
liaison	ceangal
liar	liar
libel	dìmeas
libelous	èibhinn
liberal	liberal
liberalism	liberalism
liberate	saoradh
liberated	saoradh
liberating	saorsa
liberation	saorsa
liberty	saorsa
libido	Libido
librarian	leabharlannaiche
library	leabharlann
libretto	Libretto
lice	lòin
license	cead
lichen	crotal
lick	laoidh
licorice	sgaoileadh
lid	lid
lie	luidh
liege	laighe
lien	lien
lieu	àite
lieutenant	leifteanant
life	beatha
lifeblood	beatha
lifeboat	bàta-teasairginn
lifeguard	saighdearan beatha
lifeisgood	beatha
lifeless	saoghal gun bheatha
lifelike	sgaoileadh
lifeline	saoghail
lifelong	fad beatha
lifer	leif
lifesaver	sàbhalaidh-beatha
lifestyle	dòigh-beatha
lifesucks	beathaichean
lifetime	beatha
lift	togail
lifted	air a thogail
liftoff	sgaoileadh
ligament	ligament
ligation	sgaoileadh
ligature	leam
light	solas
light year	bliadhna aotrom
lightbulb	Solas builgein
lighten	solas
lightheaded	s an Ear-Dheas
lighthouse	taigh-solais
lighting	solais
lightness	solas
lightning	dealanaich
lights	solais
lightweight	aotrom
likable	tha e comasach
like	coltach
likelihood	coltach
likely	iongantach
likeness	coltach
likewise	mar an ceudna
liking	sgaoileadh
lilac	lilac
lily	lili
limb	gàirdean
limber	sgaoileadh
limbo	limbo
lime	aol
limelight	sgaoileadh
limestone	aol-aoil
limey	aol
limit	crìoch
limitation	cuingealachadh
limited	cuingealaichte
limitless	gun chrìoch
limo	limo
limousine	limousine
limp	glan
lin	lin
line	loidhne
lineage	loidhne
lineal	loidhneil
linear	loidhneil
linebacker	air-loidhne
lined	sneachda
linen	anart
liner	loidhne
lines	sreathan
lineup	Seas ann an loidhne
linger	chànanach
lingerie	lingieie
lingering	fuireach
lingo	lingo
lingual	chànanach
linguini	cànanini
linguist	cànanach
linguistic	cànanach
linguistics	cànanachas
lining	lìnidh
link	ceangal
linoleum	linóleum
lint	lint
lion	leòmhann
lip	lus
liposuction	liosg
lipstick	bratag
liquefaction	glaodhadh
liquefied	glacaichte
liqueur	uisge
liquid	leac
liquidate	sgaoileadh
liquidation	leaghadh
liquidator	liquidator
liquidity	leachdachd
liquor	deoch
lira	NO TRANSLATION
lisp	lisp
list	liosta
listen	èist
listener	èisteachd
listenting	NO TRANSLATION
listing	clàradh
listless	sgaoileadh
listneing	NO TRANSLATION
litany	litany
liter	litr
literacy	litearrachd
literal	litearra
literally	gu litireil
literary	litreachas
literature	litreachas
lithe	lithe
lithium	lithium
lithograph	lithograph
lithography	lithography
lithology	litreachas
lithosphere	lithosphere
litigant	s an Iar-
litigate	thilgeil
litigation	iomairt
litigator	litigator
litigious	s an Iar-
litter	sgudal
little	beag
littlethings	Rudan beaga
littoral	air adhart
liturgy	liturgy
live	beò
livelife	beò
livelihood	beòshlaint
lively	beòthail
liven	beò
liver	òr
livery	seinn
livestock	beathaichean
livid	livid
living	beò
lizard	lairg
llama	llama
lml	lml
load	luchdaich
loader	loader
loaf	loaf
loafer	bòidheach
loam	leam
loan	iasad
loath	sgaoileadh
loathe	bòidhchead
loathful	sgaoileadh
loathing	sguabadh
loathsome	duilich
lobby	lobby
lobbyist	lobaidh
lobe	lobe
lobotomy	lobotomy
lobster	giomach
local	ionadail
locale	locale
locality	sgìre
localization	ionadailachadh
localize	àiteachadh
localized	ann an sgìre
locate	lorg
location	àite
locator	luchd-àiteachaidh
loch	loch
lock	glas
locker	locker
locket	locket
locksmith	gàrradh glas
lockup	glasadh
loco	loco
locomotion	locomotion
locomotive	locomotaibh
locust	locust
lode	NO TRANSLATION
lodge	loidse
lodger	lòchran
lodging	loidsidh
loft	lobhta
lofty	àrd
log	log
logarithm	Logarithm
logarithmic	logarithmic
logic	loidsig
logical	loidsigeach
logistics	logistics
logo	logo
logotype	logotype
loin	NO TRANSLATION
lollipop	lollipop
lone	aonar
loneliness	aonranachd
lonely	aonaranach
loner	loner
lonesome	lonesome
long	fada
longboat	long fhada
longevity	fad-beatha
longing	sìorraidh
longitude	ùine
longitudinal	fada
longitudinally	fada
longtime	Ùine mhòr
loo	loo
look	seall
looker	coimhead
lookout	Coimhead a-mach
loom	bòidheach
looming	air adhart
loon	leannan
loony	sgaoileadh
loop	lùb
loophole	lùban
loopy	sgaoileadh
loose	sgaoilte
loosen	sgaoileadh
loosening	sgaoileadh
loot	leòmhann
lop	lop
lopsided	lopsided
lord	tighearna
lords	tighearnan
lordship	tighearnas
lore	lore
lorry	làraidh
lose	caill
loser	Cailleanach
losing	a 'call
loss	call
lost	air chall
lot	mòran
lotion	sgaoileadh
lots	tòrr
lottery	crannchur
lotto	lotto
lotus	lotus
loud	àrd
loudly	gu h-àrd
loudmouth	sgaoileadh
loudness	àrdachadh
loudspeaker	callaiche
lounge	seòmar-suidhe
lounging	seòmar suidhe
louse	lobh
lousy	lousy
lovable	ionnan
love	gaol
loved	sgaoileadh
lovee	gràdh
loveee	gaoil
loveless	gun ghaol
lovelife	NO TRANSLATION
loveliness	bòidhchead
lovelovelove	NO TRANSLATION
lovely	bòidheach
lovemaking	dèanamh gràdh
lovemylife	NO TRANSLATION
lover	leannan
lovesick	sgaoileadh
lovethis	sgaoileadh
loving	gràdh
lovinglife	lovinglife
lovinlife	lovinlife
low	ìosal
lowdown	ìsleachadh
lower	ìosal
lowering	a 'lughdachadh
lowest	as ìsle
lowlands	ìosal
lowlife	ìosal
lowly	ìseal
lox	lox
loyal	dìleas
loyalty	dìlseachd
lsd	lsd
luau	luau
lube	lube
lubricant	lubricant
lubricate	lubricate
lubrication	lubrication
lucid	lucid
luck	fortan
luckiest	nas fheàrr
lucky	fortanach
luckygirl	luckygirl
lucrative	buannachdail
ludicrous	èibhinn
lug	lug
luggage	bagannan
lukewarm	caorach
lull	lull
lullaby	tàladh
lumbar	lumbar
lumber	fiodh
lumbering	fiodh
lumberjack	lumberjack
luminescent	sneachda
luminous	eireachdail
lump	lump
lumpy	lumpy
lunacy	lòin
lunar	lòn
lunatic	s an Iar-
lunch	lòn
lunchbox	bogsa-lòn
luncheon	lòn-nòin
lunchtime	àm lòn
lung	sgamhain
lunge	lòin
lungs	sgamhanan
lurch	s an Iar-
lure	s an Iar-
lurid	lurid
lurk	lurk
lurking	a 'sgoltadh
luscious	èibhinn
lush	lus
lust	lust
luster	brèagha
lustful	deònach
lustrous	s an Iar-
lusty	lusty
lute	lute
luxuriant	sòghail
luxurious	sòlasach
luxury	sòghail
lycra	lycra
lye	lye
lying	na laighe
lymph	lymph
lymphatic	lymphatic
lymphoma	lymphoma
lynch	lynch
lynching	lynching
lynx	lynx
lyre	lyre
lyric	lyric
lyrical	liriceach
lyrics	lyrics
macadamia	macadamia
macarena	macarena
macaroni	macaroni
mace	mace
mach	mach
machete	machete
machine	inneal
machinery	innealraidh
machinist	mach
macho	macho
mackerel	rionnach
macro	macro
mad	cuthach
madam	mnainn-uasal
madame	s an Iar-
madden	madden
madder	inbheach
mademoiselle	NO TRANSLATION
mademyday	mademyday
madhouse	màthair
madman	màthair
madness	cuthach
maestro	maestro
mafia	mafia
magazine	iris
mage	mage
magenta	magenta
maggot	maggot
magic	draoidheachd
magical	draoidheil
magician	draoidh
magistrate	magistrate
magma	magma
magna	magna
magnate	magnate
magnesium	magnesium
magnet	magnet
magnetic	magnetach
magnetism	magnetism
magnetite	magnetite
magnification	meudachadh
magnificence	àrdachadh
magnificent	iongantach
magnifier	àrdachadh
magnify	àrdachadh
magnifying	meudachadh
magnitude	meudachd
magnolia	magnolia
magpie	magpie
mahi mahi	NO TRANSLATION
mahjong	mahjong
mahogany	mahogany
maid	maighdeann
maiden	maighdeann
mail	phost
mailbox	puist-d
mailing	sgaoileadh
mailman	phost
maim	NO TRANSLATION
main	prìomh
mainframe	mainframe
mainland	tìr-mòr
mainstay	prìomh-chùis
mainstream	prìomh-shruthach
maintain	cumail suas
maintenance	cumail suas
majestic	maiseach
majesty	majesty
major	mòr
majority	mhòr-chuid
make	dèan
makeover	sgaoileadh
maker	dèanamh
makeshift	sgaoileadh
makesmehappy	NO TRANSLATION
makesmemad	NO TRANSLATION
makeup	Dèan suas
makingdisciples	NO TRANSLATION
malady	malady
malaise	maiseachadh
malaria	malaria
malarkey	malarkey
male	fireann
malevolent	droch ghiùlan
malfeasance	malfeasance
malformation	malformation
malfunction	dì-obrachadh
malice	NO TRANSLATION
malicious	maiseach
malign	aodach
malignancy	mì-ghnàthachadh
malignant	neònach
maligned	mì-chinnteach
mall	sgaoileadh
malleable	mì-chomasach
mallet	mallet
malnutrition	droch shlàinte
malpractice	dhuilgheadas
malt	braich
mama	mama
mambo	mambo
mamma	NO TRANSLATION
mammal	mamal
mammoth	Mamot
mammy	mammy
man	fear
manage	riaghladh
manageable	urrainnear
management	riaghladh
manager	manaidsear
managerial	riaghladh
mandamus	mandamus
mandarin	mandarin
mandate	òrdugh
mandatory	èigneachail
mandible	mandebal
mandolin	mandolin
mandrel	mèirleach
mane	NO TRANSLATION
maneuver	gluasad
maneuvering	gluasad
mange	NO TRANSLATION
manger	manaidsear
mangle	mangle
mango	mango
mangosteen	mangosteen
mangy	mangy
manhole	manhole
manhood	daonnachd
manhunt	s an Iar-
mania	mania
maniac	maniac
maniacal	maniacal
manic	manic
manicure	aodach
manicurist	manicurist
manifest	follaiseach
manifestation	nochdadh
manifested	nochdadh
manifestly	gu follaiseach
manifesto	manifesto
manifold	manifold
manipulate	obrachadh
manipulation	cleachdadh
manipulative	làimhseachadh
mankind	cinne-daonna
manly	gu math
manna	manna
manned	luchd-obrach
mannequin	mannequin
manner	s an Iar-
mannered	mùthaidhean)
manners	modhan
manor	manair
manpower	daonna
mansion	taigh mòr
mansions	mansions
manslaughter	daonnachadh
mantel	còmhdach
mantis	Mantis
mantle	cuibhle
mantra	mantra
manual	làimhe
manufacture	dèanamh
manufacturer	dèanamh cinnteach
manufacturing	saothrachadh
manure	aodach
manuscript	làmh-sgrìobhainn
map	mapa
maple	maple
mar	mara
marathon	marathon
marble	marmor
marbled	marmor
marbles	marbles
march	Am Màrt
mare	NO TRANSLATION
margarine	margarine
margarita	margarita
margin	iomall
marginal	iomallach
mariachi	mariachi
marijuana	marijuana
marinara	marinara
marine	mara
mariner	seòladair
marital	pòsaidh
maritime	mara
mark	chomharra
marked	comharraichte
marker	comharraiche
market	margaidh
marketable	margaidh
marketing	margaideachd
marketplace	margaidh
marks	comharran
marksman	mar mhanaidsear
marksmanship	comharradh-comharran
marl	marl
marmalade	marmalade
maroon	Maroon
marooned	s an Iar-
marquee	marcae
marquis	marcas
marred	marbh
marriage	pòsadh
married	phòs
marrow	mèirleach
marry	pòsadh
marsh	boglach
marshal	marshal
marshmallow	marshmallow
mart	mart
martial	armachd
martingale	Dimàirt
martini	Dimàirt
martyr	mairtire
martyrdom	martyrdom
marvel	mìorbhaileach
marvellous	iongantach
marvelous	iongantach
marvelously	iongantach
marzipan	NO TRANSLATION
mascara	mascara
mascot	suaichnean
masculine	fireann
masculinity	fireann
mash	mash
mashed	sgeadachadh
mask	masg
masked	air a chòmhdach
masks	masg
masochism	bochdaidheachd
masochist	bochlach
mason	clachair
masquerade	masquerade
mass	mòr
massacre	murt
massage	massage
masses	mòr
masseur	masseur
masseuse	masseuse
massive	mòr
mast	crann
master	maighstir
masterful	maighstir
mastermind	maighstir
masterpiece	annas-làimhe
mastery	maighstireachd
masturbate	sgaoileadh
masturbation	sgaoileadh
mat	mat
matador	matador
match	gèam
matchbook	geama
matching	a 'maidseadh
matchmaker	gàirdean
mate	càraid
material	stuth
materialism	stuthan
materialist	stuthan
materialistic	bòidheach
materiality	stuth
materialize	sgaoileadh
materially	gu math
materials	stuthan
materiel	materiel
maternal	màthair
maternity	màthaireachd
math	math
mathematical	matamataig
mathematician	matamataig
mathematics	matamataig
matinee	saoghail
mating	a 'coiseachd
matriculation	matriculation
matrimony	bàsachadh
matrix	matrix
matron	matron
matted	s an Iar-
matter	rudeigin
matting	buain
mattress	bobhstair
maturation	maturation
mature	inbheach
maturity	inbheachd
maudlin	maudlin
mausoleum	mausoleum
mauve	mauve
maverick	s an Iar-
maxim	maxim
maximize	àrdachadh
maximum	as àirde
may	A’ Chèitean
mayday	mayday
mayflower	mayflower
mayhem	sgaoileadh
mayonnaise	mayonnaise
mayor	maraiche
maze	maze
mead	mead
meadow	gàrradh
meager	dona
meal	biadh
mean	ciallachadh
meander	saoghail
meandering	sgoltadh
meanie	meanie
meaning	ciallachadh
meaningful	brìoghmhor
meaningless	gun bhrìgh
meanness	meanness
means	ciallachadh
meantime	eadar-theangachadh
measles	a 'ghriùthlach
measurable	tomhas
measure	tomhas
measured	tomhais
measurement	tomhas
measuring	tomhas
measuring cup	cupan a thomhas
measuring tape	teip tomhais
meat	feòil
meatball	meatball
meathead	meathead
meatloaf	meatloaf
mechanic	meacanaig
mechanical	meicnigeach
mechanics	meacanaig
mechanism	innleachd
med	NO TRANSLATION
medal	bonn
medallion	medall
medallist	buinn
meddle	meddle
meddling	ag ràdh
media	meadhanan
medial	meadhanach
median	meadhain
mediate	eadar-nàiseanta
mediation	meadhanachadh
mediator	eadar-theangair
medic	medic
medical	meidigeach
medicate	leigheas
medication	leigheas
medicinal	cungaidh-leigheis
medicine	leigheas
medieval	meadhan-aoisean
mediocre	meadhanach
mediocrity	mì-riaghailteach
meditate	smaoinich
meditating	a 'smaoineachadh
meditation	smaoineachadh
meditative	s an Iar-
mediterranean	saoghail
medium	meadhan
medley	air adhart
meek	sneachda
meet	coinneachadh
meeting	coinneachadh
mega	mega
meh	meh
melancholic	melancholic
melancholy	melancholy
melee	dlùth
mellow	mellow
melodious	bòidheach
melodrama	melodrama
melodramatic	mìorbhaileach
melody	fonn
melon	melon
melt	leaghadh
meltdown	leaghadh
melting	leaghadh
member	ball
membership	ballrachd
membrane	membran
memento	memento
memo	meòrachan
memoir	cuimhneachan
memorabilia	cuimhneachain
memorable	cuimhneachail
memorandum	meòrachan
memorial	cuimhneachan
memorials	cuimhneachain
memories	cuimhneachain
memoriesiwontforget	NO TRANSLATION
memorize	cuimhneachadh
memory	cuimhne
menace	bòidhchead
menacing	a 'milleadh
menagerie	bòidheach
mend	mend
mending	a 'càradh
menial	menial
meningitis	fiabhras eanchainn
meniscus	miosgus
menopause	menopause
menses	mìosan
menstrual	mìosachadh
mental	inntinn
mentalhealth	NO TRANSLATION
mentality	beachdachd
menthol	s an Iar-
mention	iomradh
mentor	stiùiriche
menu	clàr-taice
meow	meow
mercantile	saoghail
mercenary	saoghail
merchandise	bathar
merchant	marsanta
merciful	tròcaireach
merciless	sabaid
mercurial	miannachadh
mercury	mercury
mercy	tròcair
mere	dìreach
merengue	merengue
merge	còmhla
merger	aonadh
meridian	meridian
meridional	mhàin
meringue	meringue
merit	dealachadh
meritorious	sgaoileadh
mermaid	maighdeann-mhara
merriment	s an Iar-
merry	gu math
merrychristmas	NO TRANSLATION
mesa	mesa
mescaline	mescaline
mesh	mogal
meshes	bualadh
mesmerized	sgaoileadh
mess	bualadh
message	teachdaireachd
messedup	NO TRANSLATION
messenger	teachdaire
messiah	messiah
messy	sàmhach
metabolic	metabolic
metabolism	metabolism
metal	meatailt
metallic	mheallanach
metallurgy	metallurgy
metamorphosis	metamorphosis
metaphor	metafhor
metaphorical	meataigeach
metaphysical	sgaoileadh
metaphysics	eòlas
metastasis	metastasis
meteor	meteor
meteoric	meteoric
meteorite	meteorite
meteorological	mheur-eòlasach
meteorology	meteorology
meter	meatair
meth	meth
methadone	methadone
methane	methan
methanol	methanol
method	dòigh
methodical	modh-obrach
methodology	modh-obrach
meticulous	mionaideach
metime	metime
metric	meatair
metrical	meadhanach
metrology	meur-eòlas
metropolis	mòr-bhaile
metropolitan	metropolitan
mettle	mettle
mew	mew
mezzanine	mezzanine
mica	mica
mick	mick
micro	mic
microbe	microb
microbiology	microbio-eòlas
microchip	miocriseag
microcosm	microcosm
microfilm	microfilm
microgram	microgram
micrometer	micrometer
micron	micron
microphone	microfòn
microscope	microsgop
microscopic	microscopic
microscopically	microscopically
microscopy	microscopy
microwave	microwave
mid	meadhan
midair	mheadhanach
midday	meadhan-latha
middle	meadhan
middleman	mheadhanach
middleweight	meadhan meadhanach
midget	mheadhain
midland	Midland
midlife	meadhanlife
midline	meadhan-loidhne
midnight	meadhan oidhche
midshipman	fear meadhan-meadhain
midst	meadhon
midsummer	meadhan an t-samhraidh
midterm	meadhan-mheadhanach
midtown	mheadhain
midway	meadhan slighe
midwife	bean-ghlùine
midwifery	mnathan-glùine
mien	NO TRANSLATION
miffed	miffed
mighty	cumhachdach
mignon	mignon
migraine	migraine
migrate	imrich
migration	imrich
migratory	imrich
mike	mike
mil	NO TRANSLATION
mild	mild
mildew	mildew
mildness	mionnachd
mile	mìle
mileage	mileage
milestone	clach-mhìle
militant	milteach
militants	militants
military	armachd
militia	militia
milk	bainne
milkman	fear-bainne
milkshake	caoineadh
milky	bòidheach
mill	muileann
millennium	mìle bliadhna
milligram	milleagram
millimeter	milleatair
million	millean
millionaire	milleanaire
millionth	millean bliadhna
millstone	clach-mhuilinn
mime	mime
mimic	imrich
mimicking	a 'tarraing às
mimicry	imrich
mince	mince
mincemeat	mincemeat
mind	inntinn
minded	inntinn
mindful	mothachail
mindfulness	mothachail
mindless	neo-chùramach
mine	m '
minefield	minefield
miner	miner
mineral	mèinnearach
mineralogy	mèinn-eòlas
mingle	mingle
mingled	s an Iar-
mini	mion
miniature	miniature
minibus	minibus
minim	NO TRANSLATION
minimal	glè bheag
minimize	lùghdaich
minimized	lùghdaichte
minimum	as ìsle
mining	mèinnearachd
minion	sneachda
minister	ministear
ministerial	ministearan
ministry	ministrealachd
minivan	minivan
mink	mionc
minnow	minnow
minor	beag
minority	mion-chuid
minstrel	minstrel
mint	mint
minty	minty
minuscule	air falbh
minute	mionaid
minutiae	minutiae
minx	minx
mir	NO TRANSLATION
miracle	mìorbhaileach
miracles	mìorbhailean
miraculous	mìorbhaileach
mirage	mirage
mire	NO TRANSLATION
mirror	sgàthan
mirth	mirth
misappropriation	mì-rèiteachadh
misbehave	mì-mhodh
misbehavior	mì-ghiùlan
miscalculation	ciorramachd
miscarriage	abradh
miscellaneous	measgachadh
miscellany	meanbhlan
mischief	fhealla-dhà
mischievous	mischievous
misconception	mì-thuigse
misconduct	mì-ghiùlan
misdemeanor	mì-mhodh
misdirection	misdirection
miser	miser
miserable	bròineach
miserably	gu truagh
misery	truagh
misfire	misfire
misfit	misfit
misfortune	duilich
misguided	NO TRANSLATION
mishap	mishap
misinformed	mì-fhiosrachadh
misinterpretation	mì-mhìneachadh
mislead	mislead
misleading	meallta
misled	misled
mismanagement	misreachd
mismatch	mì-chothromachadh
mismatched	mì-chothromachadh
misnomer	mì-fhortanach
misplace	misplace
misplaced	mì-rèiteachadh
misread	mì-leughaidh
misrepresent	mì-riochdachadh
misrepresentation	mì-riochdachadh
misrepresented	mì-riochdachadh
miss	a 'call
missile	deiseil
missiles	muileann
missing	a dhìth
missingyou	NO TRANSLATION
mission	misean
missionary	miseanaraidh
misspell	sgaoileadh
misstatement	mì-aithris
missy	caoidh
mist	ceò
mistake	mearachd
mistaken	mearachd
mister	mister
mistletoe	ceò
mistreated	mì-rianachd
mistress	màthair
mistrial	mistrial
mistrust	mì-earbsa
misty	ceò
misunderstand	mì-thuigsinn
misunderstanding	mì-thuigse
misunderstood	mì-thuigsinn
misuse	mì-chleachdadh
mite	mite
miter	feòil
mitigate	libhrigeadh
mitigating	lionnachadh
mitigation	maothachadh
mitt	mitt
mitten	NO TRANSLATION
mitzvah	mitzvah
mix	measgachadh
mixed	measgaichte
mixedemotions	sgaoileadh
mixer	measgaiche
mixture	measgachadh
mnemonic	sgaoileadh
moan	geal
moat	feòil
mob	mob
mobile	gluasadach
mobility	gluasaid
mobilization	gluasad
mobilize	gluasad
mobster	sgaoileadh
mocha	mocha
mock	magadh
mocked	a 'magadh
mockery	magadh
mocking	a 'magadh
mockingbird	mockingbird
mod	mod
modal	modal
modality	modal
mode	modh
model	modail
modeler	modeler
modeling	modelachadh
modem	modem
moderate	measarra
moderate anticipation	sùileachadh meadhanach
moderate disgust	miann meadhanach
moderate negative	Meadhanach àicheil
moderate positive	meadhanach math
moderate surprise	iongnadh meadhanach
moderate trust	earbsa earbsach
moderately	meadhanach math
moderating	measaidh
moderation	moderation
moderator	modaireatair
modern	ùr-nodha
modernism	nuadh-eòlas
modest	beag
modesty	modesty
modicum	modicum
modifiable	a ghabhas atharrachadh
modification	atharrachadh
modified	atharrachadh
modify	atharrachadh
modulate	modail
modulation	atharrachadh
module	modal
modulus	modulus
mogul	mogul
moiety	roinn
moist	taiseachd
moisture	taiseachd
moisturizer	cladach
molar	molar
molasses	mulaidhean
mold	mullach
molded	moulded
molding	milleadh
moldy	s an Iar-
mole	muileann
molecular	molecular
molecule	molecule
molest	a 'bagairt
molestation	bochdainn
molester	molester
molten	leaghte
mom	mama
moment	mionaid
momentary	mìorbhaileach
momentous	fìor mhath
momentum	momentum
momma	momma
mommy	màthair
monad	monad
monarch	monarch
monarchy	monarcachd
monastery	manachainn
monastic	manachainn
monetary	Airgead
money	airgead
mongoloid	mongoloid
mongoose	mongoose
mongrel	mongrel
monitor	sgrùdadh
monk	manach
monkey	moncaidh
mono	NO TRANSLATION
monochrome	monochrome
monogamous	monogamous
monogamy	monogamy
monogram	monogram
monogrammed	monogrammed
monograph	monograph
monolayer	monolayer
monolith	monolith
monologue	monologue
monopolist	monopolist
monopoly	monopoly
monotonous	monotonous
monotony	monotony
monoxide	monocsid
monsieur	monsieur
monsoon	monsoon
monster	uilebheist
monstrosity	mìorbhaileach
monstrous	mìorbhaileach
montage	montage
monte	monte
month	mìos
monthly	mìosail
monument	carragh-cuimhne
monumental	cuimhneachail
moo	moo
mooch	mooch
mood	mood
moods	moods
moody	moody
moon	gealach
moonbeam	gealach geala
moonlight	solas na gealaich
moonlit	gealaich
moonshine	moonshine
moonstruck	a 'ghealach
moonwalk	a 'ghealach
moor	mòintich
moored	acair
mooring	adhlacaidh
moorings	luadhadh
moorland	mòinteach
moose	geòidh
moot	Mòrag
mooted	sgaoileadh
mop	mop
mope	mope
moped	moped
moral	moralta
morale	morale
morality	moraltachd
morals	moraltachd
morass	morass
moratorium	moratorium
moray	moray
morbid	morbid
morbidity	morbidity
morbidness	morbidness
mores	mores
morgue	morgue
moribund	caochladh
morn	morn
morning	madainn
moron	amadan
moronic	maronach
morose	caochladh
morph	morph
morphine	morphine
morphism	morphism
morphology	morphology
morrow	màireach
morsel	morsel
mortal	bàsmhor
mortality	bàsachadh
mortar	mortar
mortgage	morgaids
mortgagee	morgaids
mortgagor	mortgagor
mortician	marbh
mortification	bàsachadh
mortified	s an Iar-
mortuary	bàsachadh
mosaic	breac-dhualach
mosey	ceòl
mosque	mosque
mosquito	mosgit
moss	còinnich
mossy	còinneach
mote	NO TRANSLATION
motel	motel
moth	moth
mother	màthair
motherfucker	màthair
motherfucking	màthair fucking
motherhood	màthaireachd
motherland	màthair-dùthcha
motherless	gun mhàthair
motherly	màthair
motif	motif
motion	gluasad
motionless	gun ghluasad
motivate	brosnachadh
motivating	brosnachadh
motivation	brosnachadh
motivational	brosnachail
motive	adhbhar
motley	air adhart
motor	motair
motorbike	baidhsagal
motorboat	motorboat
motorcade	motorcade
motorcar	motorcar
motorcycle	baidhsagal-motair
motorist	motair
motte	motte
mottled	s an Iar-
motto	facail-suaicheantais
mould	mullach
mound	dùin
mount	sliabh
mountain	beinn
mountaineer	sreapadair
mountainous	beinne
mountains	beanntan
mountaintop	sliabh
mourn	caoidh
mournful	caoidh
mourning	caoidh
mouse	luchag
mousetrap	mousetrap
mousse	mousse
moustache	feusag
mousy	còisir
mouth	beul
mouthful	beul
mouthpiece	s an Iar-
mouthwash	beul-aithris
movable	gluasad
move	gluais
movement	gluasad
mover	gluasad
movie	film
movies	filmichean
moving	gluasad
movingforward	NO TRANSLATION
movingon	gluasad
mow	mow
mower	gearraidh
moxie	moxie
mozzarella	mozzarella
mri	mri
muchneeded	NO TRANSLATION
mucis	NO TRANSLATION
muck	muck
mucked	mucked
mucous	mucous
mucus	mucus
mud	mud
muddle	muddle
muddled	màireach
muddy	eabar
muff	muff
muffin	muffin
muffled	s an Iar-
muffler	muffler
mug	mug
mugger	mugger
mulberry	mulberry
mulch	mulch
mule	muile
mull	mull
mullet	mullet
multilateral	multilateral
multimedia	ioma-mheadhan
multinational	ioma-nàiseanta
multiple	iomadach
multiple sclerosis	sglerosis ioma-fhillte
multiplex	multiplex
multiplication	iomadachadh
multiplicity	iomadachd
multiplied	iomadachadh
multiplier	iomadachaidh
multiply	iomadachadh
multitude	sluaigh
mum	mum
mumble	mumble
mumbo	mumbo
mummy	mummy
mumps	cnapan
munch	munch
munchies	munchies
munchkin	munchkin
mundane	gu tur
municipal	baile
municipality	baile
mural	mural
murder	murt
murderer	Murderer
murderess	murt
murderous	murt
murky	gun fhios
murmur	a 'gearan
muscle	fèith
muscular	fèitheach
muse	muse
muses	mèinnean
museum	tasgaidh
mush	NO TRANSLATION
mushroom	buachair
mushy	mushy
music	ceòl
musical	ceòl
musician	ceòladair
musing	a 'cluinntinn
musk	muc
musket	musgaid
musketeer	musgaid
muskrat	muskrat
muslin	muslin
muss	NO TRANSLATION
must	feumaidh
mustang	mustang
mustard	mustard
muster	s an Iar-
musty	musty
mutable	mutable
mutant	mùthaich
mutate	atharrachadh
mutation	ciùird
mute	mute
muted	sàmhach
mutilate	madainn
mutilated	air a mhilleadh
mutilation	milleadh
mutiny	càineadh
mutt	mùthaidhean
mutter	NO TRANSLATION
mutton	caoraich
mutual	a chèile
mutually	le chèile
muzzle	aodach
myfavorite	myfavorite
myopia	myopia
myopic	myopic
myriad	fichead bliadhna
mysterious	dìomhaireachd
mystery	dìomhaireachd
mystic	mìorbhaileach
mystical	sgaoileadh
mysticism	smuaintean
mystified	sgaoileadh
mystique	mìorbhaileach
myth	uirsgeul
mythic	sgaoileadh
mythical	miotasach
mythological	miotasach
mythology	miotas-eòlas
nab	nab
nacho	nacho
nada	NO TRANSLATION
nadir	nadir
nag	NO TRANSLATION
nail	claidheamh
nail gun	gunna nail
naive	naive
naked	nochd
nakedness	nochd
namaste	NO TRANSLATION
name	ainm
named	ainmichte
nameless	gun ainm
namesake	ainmiche
naming	ainmeachadh
nana	nana
nanny	nanny
nanometer	nanometer
nap	nap
napalm	napalm
nape	nape
napkin	napcain
napping	sgaoileadh
nappy	clèid
narcissism	narcissism
narcissist	narcissist
narcissistic	narcissistic
narcotic	narcotic
narrate	aithris
narration	aithris
narrative	aithris
narrator	narratair
narrow	caol
narrowing	caoladh
nasal	sgaoileadh
nascent	s an Iar-
nasty	dona
natal	natal
nation	dùthaich
national	nàiseanta
nationality	nàiseantachd
nationwide	air feadh na dùthcha
native	dùthchasach
nativity	nativity
natural	nàdarra
natural gas	gas nàdarra
naturalist	nàdarra
naturalization	nàdarrachadh
naturalized	nàdarrach
naturally	gu nàdarra
nature	nàdar
naught	gunna
naughty	dona
nausea	nausea
nauseate	sneachda
nauseating	nauseating
nauseous	sneachda
nautical	mara
nautilus	nautilus
naval	cabhlach
nave	eaglais
navel	navel
navigable	seòladh
navigate	seòladh
navigation	seòladh
navigational	seòladh
navigator	seòladh
navy	nèibhidh
nay	NO TRANSLATION
nearsighted	s an Ear-Thuath
neat	sàmhach
neatly	gu glic
nebula	nebula
nebulae	nebulae
nebulous	nebulous
necessarily	gu reusanta
necessary	riatanach
necessitate	riatanach
necessities	riatanasan
necessity	riatanas
neck	amhach
necklace	muileann
necktie	necktie
necromancer	neamhnaidsear
necrosis	necrosis
nectar	neachtar
need	feum
needalife	NO TRANSLATION
needed	a dhìth
needful	feumach
needit	NO TRANSLATION
needle	snàthad
needlepoint	àite-sneachda
needles	snàthadan
needless	gun fheum
needtoknow	Feumar JavaScript airson a chluich
needtorelax	NO TRANSLATION
needy	feumach
nefarious	neònach
negation	neadachadh
negative	àicheil
negativity	neònach
neglect	dearmad
neglected	air an dearmad
neglecting	dearmad
negligee	neònach
negligence	mì-chùram
negligent	mì-chùramach
negligently	NO TRANSLATION
negligible	glè bheag
negotiable	còmhradh
negotiate	co-rèiteachadh
negotiation	co-rèiteachadh
negotiator	malairtichear
negro	dubh
neigh	nàbaidh
neighbor	nàbaidh
neighborhood	nàbaidheachd
neighboring	nàbaidh
nemesis	neòis
neon	neon
neonatal	neonatal
neophyte	neophyte
neoprene	neoprene
nephew	bràthar
nepotism	nepotism
nerd	nerd
nerdy	nerdy
nerve	neònach
nerves	nerves
nervous	neònach
nervousness	neònach
nervouswreck	NO TRANSLATION
nervy	NO TRANSLATION
ness	nise
nest	nead
nestle	neònach
nestling	sgaoileadh
net	lìon
nether	nas motha
netting	lìon
nettle	neònach
network	lìonra
networking	lìonradh
neural	neoral
neuralgia	neuralgia
neurological	neurological
neurologist	neurologist
neurology	neur-eòlas
neurosis	neurosis
neurosurgeon	neurosurgeon
neurosurgery	neur-laigheachd
neurotic	neurotic
neuter	neoter
neutral	neodrach
neutrality	neutrality
neutralize	neutralize
neutron	neutron
new	ùr
new age	aois ùr
newbeginnings	NO TRANSLATION
newborn	ùr-bhreith
newcomer	nuadh
newday	Newday
newfound	ùr
newjob	NO TRANSLATION
newlife	ùr-bheatha
newly	ùr
newlywed	ùr-dhubh
newme	ùr
newness	nuadh
news	naidheachdan
newscast	naidheachd naidheachd
newscaster	ciste-naidheachd
newsflash	ùr-naidheachd
newsletter	cuairt naidheachd
newsman	naidheachd naidheachd
newspaper	pàipear-naidheachd
newspaperman	sgaoileadh
newsreel	naidheachd naidheachd
newsroom	seòmar-naidheachd
newsstand	pàipearan naidheachd
newstart	newstart
newt	dearc-luachrach
newyear	NO TRANSLATION
nexus	nexus
nib	nib
nibble	nibble
nice	snog
niche	niche
nichts	NO TRANSLATION
nick	nic
nickel	nicil
nickname	far-ainm
nicotine	nicotin
niece	nighean-peathar
nifty	nifty
nigger	nigger
nigh	faisg air làimh
night	oidhche
nightcap	Didòmhnaich
nightclub	Club oidhche
nightfall	oidhche
nightgown	oidhche oidhche
nightie	oidhche
nightingale	oidhche na h-oidhche
nightlife	saoghal oidhche
nightly	gach oidhche
nightmare	mulad-oidhche
nightmares	oidhcheannan dubha
nightstand	oidhche oidhche
nightstick	an oidhche
nighttime	oidhche
nihilism	nihilism
nil	nil
nimble	neònach
nimrod	nimrod
nincompoop	sgaoileadh
nine	naoi
nineteen	naoi-deug
ninety	naoidhead
ninja	ninja
ninny	ninny
nintendo	nintendo
ninth	an naoidheamh
nip	nip
nipper	nipper
nipple	nipple
nippy	nippy
nitrate	nitrate
nitro	nitro
nitrogen	nitrigin
nitrous	nitrous
nitwit	nitwit
nix	nix
no anticipation	gun dùil
no disgust	gun aimhreit
no emotion	gun fhaireachdainn
no sentiment	gun chridhe
no surprise	gun iongnadh
no trust	gun earbsa
nobility	uaisleachd
noble	uasal
nobleman	uasal
nobodycares	NO TRANSLATION
nocomplaints	NO TRANSLATION
nocturnal	oidhcheil
nod	nod
nodding	nodding
node	nód
nodular	nodular
nodule	nodule
noggin	noggin
nohope	NO TRANSLATION
noir	noir
noise	fuaim
noisy	fuarach
nomad	nomad
nomadic	annasach
nomenclature	ainmean-àite
nominal	nominal
nominate	ainmich
nomination	ainmeachadh
nominee	ainmichte
nonce	neo-eisimeileach
nonchalant	neo-eisimeileach
noncompliance	neo-chomas
nondescript	nondescript
nonexistent	nach eil freagarrach
nonfat	mì-fhortanach
nonfiction	Neo-fhaclair
nonpayment	gun phàigheadh
nonresident	neo-eisimeil
nonsense	nonsense
nonsensical	mì-thoilichte
nonviolent	neo-ghluasadach
noob	noob
noodle	noodle
nook	nook
noon	meadhan-latha
noose	ceò
nopoint	NO TRANSLATION
noregrets	NO TRANSLATION
norm	àbhaisteach
normal	àbhaisteach
normalcy	àbhaisteach
normality	àbhaisteach
north	tuath
northbound	gu tuath
northeast	thuath-thuath
northern	tuath
northwest	an iar-thuath
northwestern	Thuath
noschool	NO TRANSLATION
nose	sròn
nosebleed	sneachda
nosey	oidhche
nosnow	nàire
nostalgia	cianalas
nostalgic	cianalais
nostress	NO TRANSLATION
nostril	nostril
nosun	NO TRANSLATION
nosy	oidhche
not negative	chan eil àicheil
not positive	chan eil dòchasach
notable	sònraichte
notables	notaichean
notably	gu sònraichte
notamorningperson	NO TRANSLATION
notary	notar
notation	notation
notch	Naidheachdan
notched	beart
note	nota
notebook	leabhar notaichean
noted	mothachail
noteworthy	cuideachail
nothappy	NO TRANSLATION
nothingbetter	NO TRANSLATION
nothingness	gun dad
notice	sanas
noticeable	faicsinneach
notification	brath
notify	fios
notion	beachd
notional	notional
notoriety	iomagain
notorious	aithnichte
notready	chan ann
notwithstanding	a dh'aindeoin sin
nought	gunna
noun	ainmear
nourish	beathachadh
nourishment	biadh
nouveau	NO TRANSLATION
novel	nobhail
novelist	nobhailiche
novelty	nobhail
novice	nuadh-eòlas
nowadays	an-diugh
nowork	sgaoileadh
noworries	na gabh dragh
noxious	draghail
nozzle	toll
nuance	nuance
nuances	ionnanachd
nuclear	niùclasach
nucleus	núclas
nude	nude
nudge	nudge
nudie	nudie
nudist	nudist
nudity	nudity
nugget	cnag
nuisance	dragh
nuke	nuke
nul	NO TRANSLATION
null	null
nullify	nullachadh
numb	numb
number	àireamh
numbering	àireamhan
numbers	àireamhan
numbness	numbness
numbskull	numbskull
numeral	àireamh
numerator	àireamhad
numerical	àireamhan
numerically	àireamhan
numerous	mòran
nun	NO TRANSLATION
nunchucks	diugh
nunnery	taigh-dubha
nuptials	brògan
nurse	banaltram
nursemaid	banaltram
nursery	sgoil-àraich
nursing	banaltram
nurture	àrach
nut	cnò
nutcase	cocaidh
nutcracker	chnàimhean
nuthouse	nuas
nutmeg	cnàmag
nutrition	beathachadh
nutritional	beathachaidh
nutritious	nutritious
nutritive	nutritive
nuts	cnothan
nutshell	bàn
nutty	cuthaidh
nylon	nylon
nylong	NO TRANSLATION
nylons	nylons
nymph	nymph
nymphomaniac	nymphomaniac
oaf	oaf
oak	darach
oar	oar
oasis	oasis
oat	coirce
oath	mionn
oatmeal	min-choirce
obedience	ùmhlachd
obedient	ùmhlachd
obediently	gu dòigheil
obelisk	obelisg
obese	reamhar
obesity	reamhrachd
obey	èisdeachd
obi	obi
obit	obit
obituary	iomradh-bàis
object	rud
objection	gearan
objectionable	gearain
objective	amas
objectivity	obasachd
obligation	dleastanas
obligatory	riatanach
oblige	èibhinn
obliged	a dhìth
obliging	s an Iar-
obligor	s an Iar-
oblique	oblique
obliterate	sguabadh às
obliterated	air fhàgail
obliteration	analachadh
oblivion	iomagain
oblivious	iomallach
oblong	oblong
obnoxious	duilich
oboe	oboe
obscene	neònach
obscenity	geamhrachd
obscure	ceàrr
obscured	falaich
obscurity	sneachda
observance	coimhead
observant	coimhead
observation	amharc
observatory	coimheadadair
observe	coimhead
observer	neach-amhairc
observing	ag amharc
obsess	obsess
obsessed	dùsgadh
obsessing	faireachdainn
obsession	obsession
obsessive	ceasnach
obsolescence	òl
obsolete	à bith
obstacle	cnap-starra
obstetrician	obstetrician
obstetrics	obstetrics
obstinate	cùis-chinnidh
obstruct	bacadh a chur air
obstruction	bacadh
obstructive	bacaidh
obtain	faighinn
obtainable	faighinn
obtuse	obann
obverse	còmhnard
obvious	follaiseach
ocarina	ocarina
occasion	tachartas
occasional	uaireannan
occasionally	uaireannan
occipital	saoghal
occlusion	an taobh a-muigh
occult	sguabadh
occupancy	còmhnaidh
occupant	còmhnaidh
occupation	dreuchd
occupational	dreuchd
occupied	còmhnaidh
occupier	còmhnaidh
occupy	fuireach
occupying	fuireach
occur	tachairt
occurrence	tachartas
ocd	ocd
ocean	cuan
oceanic	cuanach
octagon	ochdagag
octave	ochdamh
octopus	octopus
ocular	ochd
odd	odd
oddball	oddball
oddity	èibhinn
odds	odds
ode	ode
odious	odious
odometer	odometer
odor	odor
odyssey	odyssey
oedipal	aoisipal
oestrogen	estrogen
oeuvre	NO TRANSLATION
offal	sgaoileadh
offence	eucoir
offend	ciontach
offended	sgaoileadh
offender	ciontach
offense	eucoir
offensive	ionnsaigh
offer	tairgse
offered	air a thairgse
offering	a 'tabhann
offhand	air falbh
office	oifis
officer	oifigear
offices	oifisean
official	oifigeil
officiate	oifigeil
offing	obair
offload	falbh
offset	co-rèiteachadh
offshoot	air falbh
offshore	far a 'chladaich
offside	muigh
offspring	de shliochd
oft	ochd
oftentimes	glè thric
ogre	ogre
ohdear	NO TRANSLATION
ohgod	NO TRANSLATION
ohno	ohno
ohshit	NO TRANSLATION
oil	ola
oils	ola
oily	olach
oink	oink
ointment	ola
okra	ceart
old	seann
olden	seannan
older	nas sine
oldie	seann duine
oldies	seann fheadhainn
olfactory	olfactory
oligarchy	oligarchy
olive	olive
omega	omega
omelet	omelet
omen	omen
omgomgomg	NO TRANSLATION
ominous	ominous
omission	fàgail
omit	fàgail
omitted	air fhàgail
omnibus	omnibus
omnipotence	omnipotence
omnipotent	uile-chumhachdach
omnipresent	uile-riochd
omniscient	uile rud
onboard	air bòrd
oncologist	oncologist
oncology	oncology
oncoming	tighinn
one	aon
oneday	NO TRANSLATION
onedge	onedge
onelove	aon gaol
oneness	aonachd
onerous	caoidh
oneself	fhèin
ongoing	a 'leantainn
onion	uinnean
onset	tòiseachadh
onslaught	onslaught
onstage	air an àrd-ùrlar
ontology	ontology
onus	deònach
onward	air adhart
onyx	onyx
oodles	oodles
oomph	oomph
ooze	ooze
oozing	oozing
op	op
opacity	dìomhaireachd
opal	opal
opaque	tearc
ope	ope
open	fosgailte
opener	fosgladair
opening	fosgladh
openly	gu fosgailte
openness	fosgarrachd
opera	opera
operate	obrachadh
operatic	obrachaidh
operation	obrachadh
operational	obrachadh
operations	obraichean
operative	gnìomhach
operator	ghnìomhaiche
ophthalmic	ophthalmic
ophthalmologist	àtail-eòlaiche
opiate	opiate
opinion	beachd
opinionated	beachdan
opium	opium
opponent	an nàmhaid
opportune	cothrom
opportunism	chothroman
opportunity	cothrom
oppose	aghaidh
opposed	an aghaidh
opposing	aghaidh
opposite	mu choinneamh
opposites	aghaidh
opposition	dùbhlanach
oppress	sguabadh
oppressed	sàmhach
oppression	sàrachadh
oppressive	èiginneach
oppressor	èiginn
ops	ops
opt	roghnaich
optic	sùbailte
optical	sùbailteach
optics	optics
optimism	dòchas
optimist	dòchasach
optimistic	dòchasach
optimum	as fheàrr
option	roghainn
optional	roghainneil
optionally	roghainneil
options	roghainnean
optometrist	neach-tomhais-sùla
opulence	sìorrachd
opulent	sàmhach
opus	opus
oracle	oracle
oral	beòil
orange	orains
orange juice	sùgh orainds
orangutan	orangutan
oration	aithris
orator	orator
oratory	òraidiche
orb	orb
orbit	orbit
orbital	orbital
orbiting	orbiting
orbs	orbs
orc	orc
orchard	orchard
orchestra	orcastra
orchid	magair
ordained	òrduichte
ordeal	s an Iar-
order	òrdugh
orderly	òrdugh
ordinance	òrdugh
ordinary	àbhaisteach
ordination	òrdanachadh
ordnance	òrdnance
ore	mèinn
oregano	s an Ear-Thuath
organ	organ
organic	organach
organism	organism
organist	organist
organization	eagrachadh
organize	eagrachadh
organized	eagraichte
organizer	eagraiche
orgasm	orgasm
orgies	orgies
orgy	orgy
orient	air adhart
oriental	Oirthir & Muir
orientation	stiùireadh
orifice	Oirthir & Muir
origami	origami
origin	tùs
original	tùsail
originality	tùsachd
originate	deasaich |
origination	tùsachadh
originator	tùsanach
ornament	sgeadachadh
ornamental	sgeadachadh
ornamentation	sgeadachadh
ornamented	sgeadachadh
ornate	sgeadachadh
ornery	s an Iar-
orphan	dìlleachdan
orphanage	dìlleachdachd
orphaned	dìlleachd
orthodontist	orthodontist
orthodox	orthodox
orthodoxy	orthodoxy
orthogonal	orthogonal
orthopedic	orthopedic
oscillate	oscillate
oscillating	oscillating
oscillation	oscillation
oscillatory	oscillatory
ostensible	faicsinneach
ostensibly	gu dearbha
ostentatious	sneachda
ostracized	s an Iar-
ostrich	ostrich
other	eile
otter	dòbhran
otto	otto
ottoman	ottoman
ought	còir
ounce	unga
oust	oust
outage	sgaoileadh
outback	air ais
outbid	mach às
outboard	muigh
outbreak	briseadh
outburst	sgaoileadh
outcast	sgaoileadh
outcome	buil
outcry	èisdeachd
outdated	seann duine
outdo	a-mach
outdoor	muigh
outdoors	muigh
outer	muigh
outfit	èideadh
outgoing	a 'falbh
outgrow	sgaoileadh
outgrowth	sgaoileadh
outhouse	aodach
outing	sgaoileadh
outlandish	eireachdail
outlast	sgaoileadh
outlaw	cùis-lagha
outlet	àite
outline	mìneachadh
outlines	a 'mìneachadh
outlive	muigh
outlook	sealladh
outlying	muigh
outnumber	barrachd
outpatient	euslaintich
outpost	mach
outpouring	sgaoileadh
output	sgaoileadh
outrage	eallaich
outraged	eagallach
outrageous	eireachdail
outrank	sgaoileadh
outreach	sgaoileadh
outright	dìreach
outrun	sgaoileadh
outset	toiseach
outsider	taobh a-muigh
outskirts	iomall
outsmart	muigh
outspoken	neo-shoilleir
outstanding	sàr-mhath
outstretched	muigh
outward	a-mach
outwards	a-mach
outweigh	os cionn
outwit	sgaoileadh
oval	oval
ovary	olaidh
ovate	deasaich |
ovation	dealachadh
oven	omhainn
overactive	iomallach
overall	san fharsaingeachd
overalls	s an Iar-
overbearing	s an Iar-
overburden	thairis
overcast	sneachda
overcharged	thairis air
overcoat	sgoltadh
overcome	faighinn thairis
overcoming	faighinn thairis air
overcrowded	siorruidh
overdo	thairis
overdose	overdose
overdrive	overdrive
overdue	ùine mhòr
overestimate	sàr-mheas
overestimated	sàr-mheas
overflow	overflow
overflowing	sàrachadh
overgrown	sìor dhol fodha
overgrowth	gàirdeachas
overhanging	a 'dol thairis air
overhaul	ath-sgrùdadh
overhead	thairis
overhear	sìorruidh
overheated	sgaoileadh
overjoyed	air leth toilichte
overkill	overkill
overlaid	còmhdach
overlap	overlap
overlapping	thar-tharraing
overlay	còmhdach
overload	overload
overlook	coimhead air ais
overlord	uachdaran
overlying	thairis
overpaid	thairis air pàigheadh
overpass	thairis air
overplayed	s an Iar-
overpower	thar-chumhachd
overpowering	sgaoileadh
overpriced	sìor-chruaidh
overprotective	overprotective
overrated	thairis air
overreact	s an Iar-
override	ath-shuidheachadh
overriding	ceannasach
overrule	sguabadh às
overrun	a 'dol thairis air
oversee	coimhead thairis air
overseer	stiùiriche
overshadow	sneachda
oversight	maoirsinn
oversized	cus
overslept	an-dè
overstate	thar-ìre
overstock	obraichean
overt	s an Iar-
overtake	falbh
overtaken	sgaoileadh
overthemoon	NO TRANSLATION
overthinker	an-aghaidh
overthinking	a 'toirt thairis air
overthrow	sgaoileadh
overtime	Thairis air ùine
overtired	air falbh
overture	overture
overturn	tionndadh
overview	sealladh farsaing
overweight	ro throm
overwhelm	thairis
overwhelmed	uamhasach
overwhelming	uabhasach mòr
overworked	sìor obair
overwrought	thairis
overzealous	sgaoileadh
owe	bu chòir
owing	a dhìth
owl	owl
owner	sealbhadair
ownership	seilbh
ox	damh
oxidation	oxidation
oxide	ocsaid
oxygen	ogsaidean
oxymoron	sgaoileadh
oyster	oisir
ozone	ozone
pace	astar
pacemaker	neach-glacaidh
pacific	sàmhach
pacified	sàmhach
pacifier	pacifier
pacifist	pacifist
pacify	sàrachadh
pacing	sìtheadh
pack	pac
package	pasgan
packaging	pacadh
packer	pacair
packet	phacaid
pact	aonta
pad	pad
padded	air a sgeadachadh
padding	gleabadh
paddle	paddle
paddle boat	bàta pleadhaig
paddock	paddock
paddy	dannsa
padlock	glais
padre	NO TRANSLATION
paean	sgaoileadh
pagan	pàganach
paganism	paganachas
page	duilleag
pageant	duilleag
pager	pager
pagination	duilleag
paging	paging
pagoda	pagoda
pail	clach
pain	pian
pained	s an Iar-
painful	pianail
painfully	gu pianail
painkiller	mì-mhodhail
painless	gun phian
pains	miannan
painstaking	sàmhach
paint	peant
paintball	ball peant
paintbrush	brus peanta
painted	air a pheantadh
painter	peantair
painting	peantadh
pair	paidhir
paisley	Pàislig
pajama	pajama
pajamas	piodamas
pal	pal
palace	lùchairt
palatable	s an Iar-
palate	cala
pale	sàmhach
paleontology	paleontology
palette	palette
pall	pall
palladium	palladium
pallet	pallet
palliative	sgìthidh
palm	pailme
palmer	pailteas
palomino	palomino
palpable	deiseil
palpitations	slatan-tomhais
palsy	paris
paltry	paltry
pamper	pamper
pamphlet	leabhran
pan	pan
panacea	panacea
panache	sgaoileadh
pancake	pancake
pancakes	pancakes
pancreas	pancreas
panda	panda
pandemic	galar sgaoilte
pandemonium	pandemonium
pane	pane
panel	pannal
pang	NO TRANSLATION
panhandle	panhandle
panic	aimhreit
panicattack	NO TRANSLATION
panicked	panic
panicking	a 'bualadh
panicky	banalach
panier	NO TRANSLATION
panorama	panorama
panoramic	panoramic
pansy	pansy
pant	pant
pantheon	pìobaire
panther	panther
panties	brathan
pantomime	pantomaim
pantry	pantry
pants	drathais
panty	bratach
pantyhose	pantyhose
pap	pap
papa	papa
papacy	pàipeir
papal	NO TRANSLATION
papaya	papaya
paper	pàipear
paperback	pàipeir-naidheachd
paperboy	pàipear pàipeir
paperweight	meadhanach pàipeir
paperwork	obair pàipeir
paprika	paprika
papyrus	papyrus
par	NO TRANSLATION
parable	cainnt
parabola	parabola
parabolic	parabolic
parachute	paraisiut
parade	caismeachd
paradigm	paradigm
paradise	paradise
paradox	paradox
paradoxical	paradoxical
paraffin	paraffin
paragon	paragon
paragraph	paragraf
parakeet	parakeet
paralegal	paralegal
parallax	parallax
parallel	co-shìnte
parallelism	parallelism
paralysis	paralysis
paralyze	bualadh
paralyzed	pairilis
paramedic	paraisiut
paramedics	paraisiutics
paramilitary	paramilitary
paramount	fìor chudromach
paranoia	paranoia
paranoid	paranoid
paranormal	sgaoileadh
parapet	parapet
paraphernalia	s an Iar-
paraphrase	briathrachas
paraplegic	coimeasach
parasite	leacach
parasitic	deasaich |
parasol	sèidneag
parcel	pasgan
parcels	parsailean
parched	sgaoileadh
parchment	parchment
pardon	maitheanas
pare	NO TRANSLATION
parenchyma	saoghail
parent	pàrant
parentage	pàrantan
parental	pàrantan
parenthesis	NO TRANSLATION
parenthetical	pàrantach
parenthood	pàrantachd
parenting	pàrantachd
pariah	pariah
parietal	parietal
paring	coiseachd
parish	paraiste
parity	co-ionannachd
park	pàirc
parka	parka
parking	pàirceadh
parkinsons	Parkinsons
parlance	gàirdeachas
parlay	parlay
parliament	pàrlamaid
parliamentary	pàrlamaid
parlor	seòmar
parmesan	parmesan
parody	parody
parole	parole
parquet	parquet
parrot	parrot
parry	parry
parse	parse
parsimonious	saoghail
parsimony	pòsadh
parsley	peirsil
parson	parson
part	pàirt
partake	pàirtich
partial	pàirt
partiality	pàirt
partially	gu ìre
participant	pàirtiche
participate	pàirt a ghabhail
participation	com-pàirteachadh
particle	particle
particular	àraid
particularity	gu sònraichte
particulars	fiosrachadh
parting	sgaoileadh
partisan	pàirtiche
partisanship	pàrtaidh
partition	sgaradh
partly	pàirt dheth
partner	com-pàirtiche
partnership	com-pàirteachas
partridge	Pàdraig
parts	pàirtean
party	pàrtaidh
pas	NO TRANSLATION
pass	siubhal
passable	comasach
passage	trannsa
passageway	trannsa
passe	NO TRANSLATION
passenger	luchd-siubhail
passim	NO TRANSLATION
passing	a 'dol seachad
passion	dìoghrasach
passionate	dìoghrasach
passive	iomallach
passivity	iomadachd
passkey	siubhail
passport	cead-siubhail
password	facal-faire
past	seachad
pasta	pasta
paste	cleas
pastel	pastel
pastime	cur-seachad
pastor	pastor
pastrami	pastrami
pastry	pasgan
pasture	ionaltradh
pasty	caitheamh
pat	pat
patch	pàirc
patchwork	uisge-beatha
pate	dèan
patella	patella
patent	patent
patented	air a pheantadh
paternal	athair
paternity	aithreachas
path	slighe
pathetic	bòidheach
pathological	eòlas
pathologist	eòlaiche-inntinn
pathology	eòlas-inntinn
pathos	NO TRANSLATION
pathway	slighe
patience	foighidinn
patient	euslainteach
patio	patio
patriarch	patriarch
patriarchal	patriarchal
patrimony	pàrtaidh
patriot	dùthaich dùthchail
patriotic	dùthchasach
patriotism	turraidheachd
patrol	patrol
patrolman	neach-tadhail
patron	pàtran
patronage	pàtranachd
patronising	s an Iar-
patronize	Taic mu Ruigsinneachd
patronizing	s an Iar-
patter	s an Iar-
pattern	pàtran
paucity	iomagain
pauper	bochd
pause	stad
pave	dùnadh
pavement	lùban
pavilion	pàillean
paving	lùbadh
paw	sgaoileadh
pawn	pewn
pawnshop	saoghail
pax	pax
pay	pàigh
payable	ri phàigheadh
payback	pàigheadh ​​air ais
paycheck	pàipear-pàighidh
payday	pàigheadh
payer	pàighidh
payload	pay pay
payment	pàigheadh
payoff	Pàigh dheth
payout	pàigheadh
payphone	fòn pàighidh
payroll	pàighidh
pea	pea
peace	sìth
peaceable	sàmhach
peaceful	sàmhach
peacefully	gu sàbhailte
peacekeeper	gleidheadh ​​sìthe
peaceofmind	NO TRANSLATION
peacetime	rè ùine
peach	peach
peachy	sgiobalta
peacock	peacock
peak	àirde
peaked	àirde
peanut	cnuic
peanuts	peanuts
pear	pear
pearl	neamhnaid
pearly	saoghail
peas	peas
peasant	tuath
peat	mòine
pebble	cladhach
pecan	pecan
peck	peic
pecker	pecker
peculiar	àraid
peculiarities	sònrachaidhean
peculiarity	àraid
peculiarly	gu sònraichte
pecuniary	airgead
pedal	peadalan
pedantic	pheantantach
peddle	peddle
peddler	peddler
pedestal	pedestal
pedestrian	luchd-coiseachd
pediatric	pàrant-chloinne
pediatrician	pàrant-chloinne
pediatrics	pàrant-chloinne
pedicure	aodach
pedigree	s an Iar-
pedometer	ceumadair
pedophile	peataiche
pee	pee
peek	gàire
peekaboo	peekaboo
peel	sgoltadh
peep	saoghail
peeper	sreap
peephole	pholl-phìob
peer	co-aoisean
peering	sneachda
peerless	gun choimeas
peeved	saoghail
peg	peg
pegs	pegaichean
peice	NO TRANSLATION
pelagic	cealgach
pelican	pelican
pellet	peilear
pelvic	pelvic
pelvis	pelvis
pen	peann
penal	peanasach
penalty	peanas
penance	peanasachadh
penchant	gàire
pencil	peansail
pendant	pendant
pendency	sgaoileadh
pendent	NO TRANSLATION
pending	ri feitheamh
pendulum	pendulum
penetrate	dol a-steach
penetrating	sgaoileadh
penetration	penetration
penguin	penguin
penicillin	penicillin
penile	peannachadh
peninsula	leth-eilean
penis	pìos
penitent	bochd
penitentiary	dìomhaireachd
penmanship	sònrachadh
pennant	pennant
penniless	sgillinn
penny	sgillinn
pension	peinnsean
pensioner	peinnseanair
pensive	inntinn
pentagon	Pentagon
pentagram	pentagram
penthouse	penthouse
penultimate	dà-leth-cheud
people	daoine
peopled	s an Iar-
pep	pep
pepper	piobar
peppermint	mialt
pepperoni	pepperoni
peppy	pepag
peptic	peptic
peptide	peptide
perceive	a 'faireachdainn
percent	sa cheud
percentage	sa cheud
percentile	saoghail
perceptible	faicsinneach
perception	faireachdainn
perceptive	seallaidh
perch	sgoltadh
perchance	saoghail
percolation	sèididh
percussion	percussion
perdition	milleadh
peremptory	sabaid
perennial	iomallach
perfect	foirfe
perfection	perfection
perfectionist	perfectionist
perfecto	NO TRANSLATION
perforated	drùidhte
perforation	cladhach
perforce	feuchainn
perform	cluich
performance	coileanadh
performer	cluicheadair
perfume	sgeadachadh
perfumed	aodach
peri	peri
peridot	peridot
peril	cunnart
perilous	duilich
perimeter	iomall
period	ùine
periodic	ràitheil
periodical	ràitheil
periodically	bho àm gu àm
periodicity	ùineachd
peripheral	iomallach
periphery	iomall
periscope	periscope
perish	a dhìth
perishable	neo-thorrach
perished	sguir
perishing	sgaoileadh
perjury	iomagain
perk	perk
perky	sgaoileadh
perm	perm
permanence	seasmhachd
permanent	maireannach
permeable	ceàrr
permeate	sgaoileadh
permeation	sgaoileadh
permissible	ceadaichte
permission	cead
permissive	ceadaichte
permit	cead
permitted	ceadaichte
permitting	a 'ceadachadh
permutation	sgaoileadh
pernicious	mì-chinnteach
peroxide	peroxide
perpendicular	perpendicular
perpetrate	sìorraidh
perpetrator	neach-cùraim
perpetual	sìorraidh
perpetually	gu sìorraidh
perpetuate	sìorraidh
perpetuation	sìorraidh
perpetuity	sìorruidheachd
perplexed	ann an cunnart
perplexing	a 'cur dragh air
perplexity	iomagain
persecute	geur-leanmhainn
persecution	geur-leanmhainn
perseverance	buanseasmhachd
persevere	leantainn
persist	a 'leantainn
persistence	seasmhachd
persistent	leantainneach
persisting	a 'leantainn
person	neach
persona	NO TRANSLATION
personable	deònach
personage	pearsa
personal	pearsanta
personality	pearsantachd
personification	pearsanachadh
personnel	luchd-obrach
persons	daoine
perspective	sealladh
perspiration	sìorraidh
persuade	brosnachadh
persuasion	bualadh
persuasive	brosnachaidh
pert	pert
pertinent	iomchaidh
perturbation	dragh
pertussis	pertussis
perusal	saoghail
peruse	saoghail
pervading	sgaoileadh
perverse	mì-fhortanach
perversion	aimhreit
pervert	mì-fhortanach
perverted	mì-fhortanach
pesky	pesky
pessimism	geamhradh
pessimist	geamhraidh
pessimistic	dona
pest	pest
pester	pester
pestilence	pestilence
pestle	pestle
pesto	pesto
pet	peata
petal	petal
petite	athchuinge
petition	athchuinge
petitioner	athchuingear
petloss	NO TRANSLATION
petpeeve	NO TRANSLATION
petrified	sgaoileadh
petrify	saoghail
petrol	peatrail
petroleum	petroleum
petticoat	saoghail
petting	peataichean
petty	beag
petulant	a 'ghealach
petunia	petunia
pew	saoghail
pewter	todhair
peyote	NO TRANSLATION
phalanx	phalanx
phantom	s an Iar-
pharaoh	pharaoh
pharmaceutical	leigheas
pharmacist	leigheadair
pharmacology	leigheas
pharmacy	bùth-chungaidhean
phase	ìre
pheasant	seagag
phenomenal	eireachdail
phenomenon	feallsanachd
pheromone	pheromone
phew	phew
phi	phi
philanthropic	gràdh-daonna
philanthropist	daonna
philanthropy	gràdh-daonna
philistine	philistine
philosopher	feallsanachd
philosophic	feallsanachail
philosophical	feallsanachail
philosophy	feallsanachd
phlegm	phlegm
pho	pho
phobia	phobia
phoenix	phoenix
phone	fòn
phonetic	fònaidheachd
phonetics	fòcasachd
phonics	fonaigs
phonograph	phonograph
phonology	fònòlas
phony	phony
phooey	phòcaidh
phosphate	fosfat
phosphor	fosphor
phosphorus	fosfar
photo	dealbhan
photogenic	deilbh
photograph	dealbh
photographer	dealbhadair
photographic	dealbhan
photography	togail dhealbhan
photometry	photometry
photon	photon
phrase	abairt
phraseology	abairtean
phylogeny	phylogeny
physical	corporra
physical therapist	leasaiche corporra
physician	lighiche
physicist	fiosaigeach
physics	fiosaigs
physiological	eòlas-inntinn
physiology	eòlas-eòlas
physique	eòlas
pi	pi
pianist	pianist
piano	piano
piazza	piazza
piccolo	NO TRANSLATION
pick	taghadh
picked	air an taghadh
picker	sgiobair
picket	pìob
picketing	piocadh
pickle	picil
pickled	picilte
pickpocket	piocaid
pickup	Tog e
picky	sgiobalta
picnic	cuirm-chnuic
pictorial	dealbhach
picture	dealbh
pictures	dealbhan
picturesque	tlachdmhor
pie	pie
piece	pìos
piecemeal	mìosail
pieceofshit	saoghail
pied	clach
pier	cidhe
pierce	caoraich
piety	piety
pig	muc
pigeon	calman
piggy	muc
piggyback	càr
pigheaded	sgaoileadh
piglet	leannag
pigment	pig
pigskin	mucan-mara
pigsty	muc
pike	pike
pile	cidhe
piles	cuairtean
pileup	pileup
pilgrim	eilthirich
pilgrimage	taistealachd
pill	pill
pillage	sgaoileadh
pillar	colbh
pillbox	pillbox
pillow	cluasag
pillowcase	pillowcase
pilot	pìleat
pimp	pimp
pimple	pimple
pin	pin
pinball	pinball
pinch	briogais
pinching	a 'briseadh
pine	giuthais
pineapple	pineapple
ping	ping
pinhead	s an Iar-
pinhole	pinhole
pinion	pinion
pink	pinc
pinkie	bòidheach
pinnacle	pinnacle
pinot	pinot
pinpoint	comharrachadh
pint	peant
pinto	pinto
pinup	briogais
pioneer	chiad neach-tòiseachaidh
pious	pious
pip	pìoba
pipe	pìob
piped	pìobaireachd
pipeline	loidhne-phìoban
piper	pìobaire
pipette	pìobaireachd
piping	pìobaireachd
pipsqueak	pipsqueak
pique	pique
piracy	pìobaireachd
piranha	bòcanach
pirate	piratean
piscina	NO TRANSLATION
piss	piss
pissed	sgaoileadh
pissedoff	Claoidhte
pisser	NO TRANSLATION
pissesmeoff	pissesmeoff
pissingmeoff	pissingmeoff
pissoff	Falbh ‘s tarraing
pistachio	pistachio
pistol	pistol
piston	pìobaire
pit	sliochd
pita	pita
pitch	pitch
pitcher	lann
pitchfork	puirt-pitch
pitfall	aodach
pith	pith
pithy	pithy
pitiful	truagh
pitted	sgaoileadh
pitter	pitter
pituitary	s an Iar-
pity	truagh
pivot	pivot
pivotal	deatamach
pix	pix
pixie	pixie
pizza	pizza
pizzazz	pizzazz
pizzeria	pizzeria
placard	placard
place	àite
placebo	placebo
placement	greis gnìomhachais
placenta	sgaoileadh
placid	placid
placket	sgaoileadh
plagiarism	litrichean-sgrìobhaidh
plague	plaga
plaid	plaid
plain	plain
plainclothes	dealbhadh-cluiche
plaintiff	gearain
plaintive	ceàrr
plan	plana
plane	plèana
planes	plèanaichean
planet	planaid
planetarium	planetarium
planetary	planaid
planets	planaidean
plank	plank
plankton	plancton
planned	air a dhealbhadh
planner	planner
planning	planadh
plant	lusan
plantation	planntachas
planter	planntar
planting	a 'cur
plaque	clàr
plasma	plasma
plaster	plastair
plastic	plastaig
plasticity	plasticity
plat	plat
plate	lann
plateau	àrd-ùrlar
plated	sgaoileadh
platform	àrd-ùrlar
plating	sgaoileadh
platinum	platinum
platonic	platonach
platoon	platoon
platter	sgaoileadh
plaudit	NO TRANSLATION
plausibility	ionnanachd
plausible	ionmholta
play	cluich
playa	beach
playback	cluich
playbook	leabhar-cluich
playboy	playboy
player	cluicheadair
playful	sgiobalta
playground	raon cluich
playhouse	taigh-cluiche
playmate	sgaoileadh
playoff	sgaoileadh
playpen	craobh-cluiche
playroom	seòmar-cluiche
plaything	cluich rudeigin
playtime	àm cluich
playwright	dràmaiche
plaza	àite
plea	plea
plead	plead
pleasant	taitneach
pleased	toilichte
pleasing	taitneach
pleasurable	taitneach
pleasure	tlachd
pleasures	pleasures
pleat	sgaoileadh
pleated	sgaoileadh
pledge	gealladh
pledged	gealladh
plenary	làn-choinneamh
plentiful	pailteas
plenty	gu leòr
plenum	làn
plethora	saoghail
plexus	plexus
pliable	sùbailte
plication	plication
pliers	gearanan
plight	clach
plinth	plinth
plodding	rabhadh
plop	plop
plot	clach
plough	crann
ploughed	treabhadh
plover	s an Iar-
plow	crann
plowed	treabhadh
plowing	treabhadh
ploy	ploy
pluck	pluck
plucky	bòidheach
plug	plug
plum	plum
plumage	plumage
plumb	pluma
plumber	plumair
plumbing	plumaireachd
plume	aodach
plummet	cromadh
plump	sgadan
plumper	sgoltadh
plunder	creachadh
plunge	sgaoileadh
plunger	sgunger
plural	plural
plurality	iomadachd
plush	sgaoileadh
plutonium	plutonium
ply	ply
plywood	plywood
pneumatic	èiginn
pneumonia	grèim mòr
poacher	poidsear
poachers	poidsearan
poaching	poidseadh
pocket	pòcaid
pocketbook	pocketbook
pocketful	pòcaideach
pod	NO TRANSLATION
podium	podium
poem	dàn
poems	dàin
poet	bàrd
poetic	bàrdachd
poetical	bàrdachd
poetics	bàrdachd
poetry	bàrdachd
pogo	pogo
poignant	bòidheach
point	puing
pointedly	s an Iar-
pointer	pointer
pointless	neo-dhìreach
pointy	puing
poise	poise
poison	puinnsean
poisoned	puinnseanachadh
poisoning	puinnseanachadh
poisonous	puinnseanach
poke	poke
poker	poker
pokes	pokes
polar	polar
polarity	polarity
pole	pole
polemic	polemic
police	Poileas
police officer	oifigear poileis
policeman	poileas
policewoman	bean poileis
policy	poileasaidh
polio	polio
polish	Pòlainneach
polished	snasta
polite	modhail
politeness	iomchaidheachd
politic	poileataigeach
political	poilitigeach
politician	poileataigs
politics	poilitigs
polity	poileas
polka	polka
poll	bhòtadh
pollen	poilean
polling	bhòtaidh
pollute	truailleadh
pollution	truailleadh
polo	polo
poltergeist	poltergeist
polyester	poileistear
polygamy	polygamy
polygon	polygon
polygonal	polygonal
polygraph	poileasaidh
polymer	polymer
polymorphism	polymorphism
pomp	pomp
pompous	pompous
poncho	poncho
pond	lòn
ponder	cluinntinn
ponderous	s an Iar-
pong	pong
pontiff	pont
pontificate	pontificate
pontoon	ponton
pony	pònaidh
ponytail	ponytail
pooch	Pooch
poodle	poodle
poof	bualadh
pool	lìn eile
poop	poop
poor	bochd
poorly	gu dona
pop	pop
popcorn	popcorn
pope	papa
popper	sgaoileadh
poppy	crom-lus
poppycock	poppycock
popsicle	popsicle
popular	mòr-chòrdte
popularity	sgaoileadh
popularized	sgaoileadh
population	sluagh
populous	sluaigh
porcelain	porcelain
porch	porch
porcupine	bratach
pore	pore
pork	muiceann
porker	mucarrach
porky	porky
porn	porn
porno	porno
pornographic	pornagrafach
pornography	pornagraf
porosity	porosity
porous	porous
porridge	brochan
port	port
portable	gluasadach
portage	portage
portal	portal
porter	portair
porterhouse	taigh-glacaidh
portfolio	portfolio
porthole	porthole
portico	portico
portion	earrann
portrait	dealbh
portraiture	portraiture
portray	portray
pose	suidheachadh
poser	NO TRANSLATION
posh	seadh
posited	air a shuidheachadh
position	suidheachadh
positioning	suidheachadh
positive	deimhinneach
positiveenergy	NO TRANSLATION
positively	deimhinneach
positivity	dearbhachd
posse	deasaich |
possess	seilbh
possessed	seilbh
possessing	a 'sealbhachadh
possession	seilbh
possessive	sealbhach
possessor	sealbhadair
possibility	comasach
possible	comasach
possibly	's dòcha
possum	seilbh
post	post
postage	postachd
postal	phost
postcard	cairt-puist
poster	postair
posterior	posterior
posterity	air adhart
posthumous	sgaoileadh
postman	phost
postmortem	postmortem
postpone	cuir dheth dheth
postponed	air a chuir dheth
postponement	ath-shuidheachadh
postscript	sgaoileadh
postulate	postachd
posture	suidheachadh
pot	pot
potable	deònach
potassium	potasium
potato	buntàta
potatoes	buntàta
potency	cumhachd
potent	làidir
potential	comas
pothead	sgaoileadh
pothole	sgoltadh
potion	puing
potluck	potluck
potpourri	uisge-beatha
potted	air a phutadh
potter	potter
pottery	crèadhadaireachd
potty	sgaoileadh
pouch	phòca
poultry	cearcan
pounce	pounce
pound	punnd
pounding	sgaoileadh
pour	NO TRANSLATION
pout	pout
pouting	a 'pouting
pouty	pouty
poverty	bochdainn
pow	pow
powder	pùdair
powdered	phùdar
powdery	phùdarra
power	cumhachd
powerful	cumhachdach
powerfully	cumhachdach
powerhouse	cumhachd
powerless	gun cumhachd
powwow	uisge-beatha
pox	pox
practicable	comasach
practical	practaigeach
practically	gu practaigeach
practice	cleachdadh
practiced	cleasachd
practise	cleachdadh
practitioner	cleachdaiche
pragmatic	pragmatach
prairie	pradlann
praise	moladh
praised	moladh
praisegod	NO TRANSLATION
praisejesus	NO TRANSLATION
praises	a 'moladh
praiseworthy	moladh
praising	a 'moladh
prance	prance
prank	spòrs
prawn	prawn
praxis	praxis
pray	ùrnaigh
prayer	ùrnaigh
prayforme	prayforme
praying	ag ùrnaigh
praying mantis	Mantis ùrnaigh
preach	searmonachadh
preacher	searmonaiche
preaching	searmonachadh
preamble	preamble
precarious	mì-chinnteach
precaution	cùram
precautionary	cùramach
precede	ro làimh
precedence	tùsachd
precedent	riochdaire
preceding	ro làimh
precept	òrdugh
preceptor	riaghladair
precession	precession
precinct	àird
precincts	sruthan
precious	luachmhor
precipice	sneachda
precipitate	deiseil
precipitation	Didòmhnaich
precipitous	gu math luath
precise	mionaideach
precisely	dìreach
precision	cruinneas
preclude	bacadh
precocious	iomagain
precursor	ro-neach
predator	creachadair
predatory	sgoltadh
predecessor	ro-làimh
predicament	s an Iar-
predicate	aithris
predict	ro-innse
predictable	sùbailte
predicting	a 'ro-innse
prediction	ro-innse
predictive	ro-innseach
predictor	predictor
predilection	buannachd
predispose	sgaoileadh
predisposed	sgaoileadh
predisposition	sgaoileadh
predominance	prìomh-sheachdain
predominant	prìomh àite
predominate	sa mhòr-chuid
preeminent	Ro-ràdh
preemption	saorsa
preemptive	sìor fhàsach
preface	ro-ràdh
prefect	prefect
prefer	fheàrr
preferable	nas fheàrr
preference	roghainn
preferential	buannachdail
prefix	ro-leasachan
pregnancy	beothachadh
pregnant	trom
prehistoric	ro-eachdraidheil
prejudice	claon-bhreith
prejudiced	truailleadh
prejudicial	truailleadh
prelim	prelim
preliminary	toiseach
prelude	prelude
premarital	premarital
premature	ro luath
prematurely	ro luath
premed	sgaoileadh
premeditated	chiad sreath
premier	prìomh-amas
premiere	chiad shealladh
premise	moladh
premises	togalaichean
premium	fìor mhath
premonition	sgaoileadh
prenatal	seachdaineach
prenuptial	bòidheach
preoccupation	dragh
preoccupied	draghail
prep	prep
preparation	ullachadh
preparatory	ullachadh
prepare	ullaich
prepared	air ullachadh
preparedness	ullachaidh
preparer	ullachaidh
preparing	ag ullachadh
preponderance	ro-shealladh
preposterous	neo-shoilleir
preppy	bòidheach
prerequisite	riatanas
prerogative	ionnanachd
preschool	ro-sgoil
prescient	saoghail
prescribe	òrdugh
prescribed	òrdaichte
prescription	òrdugh
prescriptive	òrdachail
presence	làthaireachd
present	an-diugh
presentable	riochdachail
presentation	taisbeanadh
presenter	riochdaire
presentment	tairgse
presents	tiodhlacan
preservation	glèidhteachas
preservative	gleidheadh
preserve	gleidheadh
preserved	glèidhte
preserving	a 'gleidheadh
preside	ceannard
presidency	ceannas na dùthcha
president	ceann-suidhe
presidential	suidheachan-suidhe
press	brùth
pressing	sgaoileadh
pressure	cuideam
prestige	inbhe
prestigious	cliùiteach
presto	presto
presume	a 'gabhail ris
presumption	smaoineachadh
presumptive	èiginn
presumptuous	sàbhaladh
presuppose	a 'cur an cèill
pretend	sireadh
pretended	s an Iar-Dheas
pretender	aodach
pretending	ag èigheach
pretense	ro-shealladh
pretensions	pretensions
pretentious	s an Iar-
pretext	teasairginn
pretty	breagha
pretzel	pretzel
prevail	a 'riaghladh
prevailing	an-dràsta
prevalence	àbhaist
prevalent	cumanta
prevent	casg
preventative	casg
prevention	bacadh
preventive	casg
preview	ro-shealladh
previous	roimhe
previously	roimhe seo
prey	creiche
price	prìs
priceless	gun phrìs
pricey	prìseil
prick	tilgeil
prickly	gu bràth
pride	moit
priest	sagart
priestess	sagartachd
priesthood	sagartachd
priestly	sagartach
prig	prig
prim	prim
prima	NO TRANSLATION
primacy	prìomhachas
primal	prìomhachas
primary	bun-sgoil
primate	prìomhachas
primates	prìomhachasan
prime	prìomhach
primed	chiad sreath
primer	chiad
primeval	chiad sreath
priming	tòiseachadh
primitive	primitive
primordial	prìomhachas
primrose	sòbhran
prince	prionnsa
princely	rìghrean
princess	bana-phrionnsa
principal	prionnsapal
principally	gu h-àraidh
principle	prionnsabal
principles	prionnsabalan
print	clò
printer	clò-bhualadair
printing	clò-bhualadh
printout	Clò-bhuail
prior	roimhe
prioritize	prìomhachas a dhèanamh
priority	prìomhachas
priory	eaglais
prism	prism
prismatic	prismatic
prison	prìosan
prisoner	prìosanach
prissy	prissy
pristine	pristine
privacy	prìobhaideachd
private	prìobhaideach
privately	gu prìobhaideach
privilege	urram
privileged	dìoghaltas
privy	prìobhaideach
prize	duais
prized	prìseil
pro	pro
proactive	for-ghnìomhach
probability	probability
probable	is dòcha
probate	probachd
probation	deuchainn
probationary	deuchainn
probative	deuchainn
probe	dearbhadh
probing	sgrùdadh
probity	ionracas
problem	duilgheadas
problematic	duilich
procedural	modh-obrach
procedure	modh-obrach
proceed	air adhart
proceeding	a 'dol air adhart
proceeds	airgead
process	phròiseas
processing	obrachadh
procession	caismeachd
processor	pròiseasaiche
proclaim	gairm a-mach
proclamation	gairm
procrastinate	dealachadh
procrastination	dealachadh
procreate	sgaoileadh
procreation	procreation
proctologist	proactologist
proctor	proctor
procure	procure
procurement	solarachadh
prod	prod
prodigal	smeòrach
prodigious	sìorraidh
prodigy	prodigy
produce	a 'dèanamh
produced	air a dhèanamh
producer	riochdaire
producing	riochdachadh
product	toradh
production	riochdachadh
productive	toraidh
productivity	cinneasachd
profane	caoidh
profanity	dìomhaireachd
profess	gairm
profession	dreuchd
professional	proifeasanta
professionalism	proifeiseantachd
professor	ollamh
professorship	professorship
proficiency	comasachd
proficient	comasach
profile	phròifil
profiler	pròiseict
profit	prothaid
profitable	prothaid
profound	mòr
profuse	bualadh
profusion	bualadh
prog	prog
progenitor	progenitor
progeny	ginealach
prognosis	prognosis
prognostic	prognostic
program	prògram
programme	prògram
programmer	prògramadair
programming	prògramadh
progress	adhartas
progression	adhartas
progressive	adhartach
prohibit	toirmeasg
prohibited	toirmisgte
prohibition	toirmeasg
prohibitive	toirmeasgach
project	pròiseact
projectile	pròbhaist
projectiles	pròbhail
projecting	s an Iar-
projection	taisbeanaidh
projector	taisbeanaidh
proletarian	proletarian
proletariat	proletariat
prolific	mòran
prologue	prògag
prolong	fada
prolongation	leudachadh
prolonged	fada
prom	prom
promenade	promanàd
prominence	follaiseachd
prominent	follaiseach
prominently	gu follaiseach
promiscuity	gealladh
promiscuous	sgaoileadh
promise	gealladh
promising	gealltainn
promissory	gearain
promo	promo
promontory	rubha
promote	adhartachadh
promoter	sanasachd
promotion	àrdachadh
promotional	sanasachd
prompt	luath
prompting	brosnachadh
promulgate	sgaoileadh
promulgation	sgaoileadh
prone	seinn
prong	prong
pronounce	pronunciachadh
pronounced	pronounced
pronouncement	fhuaimneachadh
pronto	NO TRANSLATION
pronunciation	fuaimneachadh
proof	dearbhadh
prop	prop
propaganda	propaganda
propagate	sgaoileadh
propagation	sgaoileadh
propane	propane
propel	propel
propelled	sgaoileadh
propeller	propeller
propelling	ag adhartachadh
propensity	meudachd
proper	ceart
property	seilbh
prophecy	fàisneachd
prophesy	fàidheadaireachd
prophet	fàidh
prophetic	fàidheadaireachd
prophylactic	moladh
prophylaxis	propagylaxis
proportion	co-roinn
proportional	co-roinneil
proportionate	co-rèireach
proportions	cuibhreannan
proposal	moladh
propose	moladh
proposition	moladh
proprietary	sealbhadair
proprietor	sealbhadair
proprietorship	seilbheachd
propriety	iomchaidheachd
propulsion	giùlan
prose	rosg
prosecute	casaid
prosecution	casaid
prosecutor	an neach-casaid
prospect	ionannachd
prospection	prospection
prospective	sgaoileadh
prospectively	s an Iar-
prospector	prospector
prospectus	prospectus
prosper	soirbheachadh
prosperity	soirbheachadh
prosperous	soirbheach
prostate	prostate
prosthetic	strìopach
prostitute	strìopach
prostitution	strìopachas
prostrate	sgaoileadh
protagonist	prìomh-neach
protect	dìon
protected	dìon
protecting	dìon
protection	dìon
protective	dìonach
protector	dìon
protein	phròtain
protest	gearan
protestant	protestant
protocol	protocol
proton	proton
prototype	prototype
protozoa	protozoa
protracted	fada
protrude	protrude
protrusion	sgaoileadh
proud	moiteil
prove	dearbhadh
proven	air a dhearbhadh
proverb	seanfhacal
proverbial	proverbial
provide	solarachadh
provided	air a sholarachadh
providence	freasdal
provider	solaraiche
providing	toirt seachad
province	roinn
provincial	provincial
provision	solarachadh
provisional	sealach
provisionally	sealach
provisions	ullachaidhean
proviso	cùmhnant
provocation	brònadh
provocative	brosnachail
provoke	ag adhbhrachadh
provoked	brosnachadh
provoking	brosnachail
provost	pròbhaist
prowess	pròiseas
prowl	prowl
prowler	prowler
proximal	sgaoileadh
proximate	faisg air làimh
proximity	faisg air
proxy	proxy
prude	prude
prudence	prudence
prudent	prudence
prune	prùn
pruning	sealg
pry	pry
prying	briodadh
psalm	salm
psalms	sailm
pseudo	pseudo
pseudonym	ainm-ainm
psi	psi
psoriasis	psoriasis
psych	inntinn
psyche	psyche
psychedelic	sìtheil
psychiatric	eòlaiche-inntinn
psychiatrist	eòlaiche-inntinn
psychiatry	eòlas-inntinn
psychic	inntinn
psychical	sgaoileadh
psychics	inntinn
psycho	psycho
psychoanalysis	psychoanalysis
psychoanalyst	psychoanalyst
psychobabble	saoghail
psychological	saidhgeòlasach
psychologist	eòlaiche-inntinn
psychology	saidhgeòlas
psychopath	psychopath
psychopathic	saoghail
psychosis	psychosis
psychosomatic	saoghail
psychotherapy	psychotherapy
psychotic	saoghail
pterodactyl	pterodactyl
ptsd	ptsd
pub	taigh-seinnse
puberty	tiodhlacadh
pubes	taighean-seinnse
pubescent	s an Ear-Thuath
pubic	sgaoileadh
public	poblach
publication	foillseachadh
publicist	poblachiche
publicity	follaiseachd
publicly	gu poblach
publicspeaking	NO TRANSLATION
publish	foillsich
published	foillsichte
publisher	foillsichear
publishing	foillseachadh
puck	puck
pucker	pucker
pudding	maragan
puddle	puddle
pudgy	pudgy
puff	puff
puffing	puffing
puffy	puffy
pug	pug
puke	puke
pull	tarraing
pulley	bualadh
pullover	tarraing a-null
pulmonary	cnuimhearra
pulp	bualadh
pulpit	cùbaid
pulsar	sgaoileadh
pulsation	sgoltadh
pulse	sgaoileadh
puma	puma
pump	pumpaidh
pumped	pumpadh
pumpkin	pumpkin
pun	NO TRANSLATION
punch	punch
punched	a 'bualadh
punching	puingean
punchy	truagh
punctual	puingal
punctuality	ùineail
punctually	ann an dòigh gu math
punctuation	puingeachadh
puncture	puncture
pundit	pundit
pungent	sgiobalta
punish	peanasachadh
punishable	air a pheanasachadh
punished	a pheanasachadh
punishing	peanasachadh
punishment	peanasachadh
punitive	peanasach
punk	punk
punt	punt
puny	puny
pup	cuilean
pupil	sgoilear
puppet	puppet
puppeteer	puppeteer
puppy	cuilean
purchase	ceannach
purchaser	ceannaiche
purchasing	ceannach
pure	fìor-ghlan
purebliss	NO TRANSLATION
puree	sgaoileadh
purely	dìreach
purgatory	purgadair
purge	purge
purification	purachadh
purify	a ghlanadh
purist	purist
purity	purity
purple	purpaidh
purport	a 'dearbhadh
purpose	adhbhar
purposely	gu dearbh
purr	sgaoileadh
purring	sgaoileadh
purse	sporan
pursuance	leantainn
pursue	leantainn
pursuing	leantainn
pursuit	tòir
purveyor	sgaoileadh
purview	s an Iar-
pus	pus
push	push
pusher	s an Iar-
pushing	a 'putadh
pushover	pushover
pushy	èibhinn
puss	puss
pussy	pussy
pussycat	pussycat
put	cuir
putative	sgaoileadh
putrid	putrid
puts	a 'cuir
putt	cuir a-steach
putter	putter
putty	cuiridh
puzzle	tòimhseachan
puzzled	puzzled
puzzling	puzzling
pygmy	pygmy
pylon	pylon
pyramid	pioramaid
pyramidal	pioramaid
pyrotechnics	pyrotechnics
python	python
quack	cuach
quad	quad
quadrangle	quadrangle
quadrant	quadrant
quadratic	Ceangalaichean BBC
quadrature	quadrature
quadruple	ceathrar
quadrupole	quadrupole
quagmire	cuibhle
quail	càil
quaint	iongantach
quake	crith-thalmhainn
qualifications	teisteanasan
qualified	le teisteanas
qualify	freagarrach
qualifying	buannachdail
qualities	feartan
quality	càileachd
quandary	ceathramh
quantify	tomhas
quantitative	tomhasail
quantitatively	gu caochlaideach
quantity	meud
quantum	quantum
quarantine	cùrantain
quarrel	Ceangalaichean BBC
quarry	cuaraidh
quart	ceathramh
quarter	ceathramh
quarterback	quarterback
quartered	cuartachadh
quarterly	ràitheil
quartermaster	s an Iar-
quarters	chairteil
quartet	cuartet
quartile	ceathramh
quarto	NO TRANSLATION
quartz	cuartz
quash	clach
quasi	quasi
quaternary	ceathramar
quay	NO TRANSLATION
queasiness	gàire
queasy	queasy
queen	bhanrigh
queer	gàire
quell	càil
quench	quench
query	ceist
quest	oidhirp
question	ceist
questionable	ceasnachadh
questioning	ceasnachadh
questionnaire	ceisteachan
queue	ciudha
queues	cnuic
quibble	quibble
quiche	chuiche
quick	gu luath
quicken	sgaoileadh
quickie	gu luath
quickly	gu luath
quickness	gu luath
quicksand	sgoltagan
quicksilver	sneachda
quid	quid
quiescent	sneachda
quiet	sàmhach
quietly	gu socair
quill	quill
quilt	cuibhle
quince	còis
quinine	còineine
quintet	quintet
quirk	saoghail
quirky	gu math
quit	Cuidhtich
quits	cuisean
quitter	NO TRANSLATION
quiver	sgùrr
quivering	sgaoileadh
quiz	ceisneachadh
quorum	quorum
quota	cuota
quotation	cuibhreann
quote	chomharra
quotes	briathran
quotient	àbhaist
rabbi	rabbi
rabbit	coineanach
rabble	rabble
rabid	rabid
rabies	saoidheachd
raccoon	raccoon
race	rèis
racehorse	còir-rèisidh
racer	racer
racetrack	raic-rack
racial	cinne-cinnidh
racism	racism
racist	gràin-cinnidh
rack	raca
racket	racket
racketeering	saoghail
racking	racaidh
racquetball	racquetball
racy	raidheachd
radar	radar
radial	radial
radiance	lùths
radiant	sgaoileadh
radiate	radiate
radiation	radaidheachd
radiator	radiator
radical	radaigeach
radically	gu ìre mhòr
radio	rèidio
radioactive	rèidio-beò
radioactivity	Radioactivity
radiograph	radiograph
radiography	radiography
radiologist	radaòlaiche
radiology	radaidheachd
radish	radair
radium	radium
radius	radius
radon	radon
raffle	raffle
raft	raft
rag	rag
rage	boile
ragemode	bratag
ragetweet	NO TRANSLATION
ragged	bratach
raggedy	buidseach
raging	raging
rags	cromagan
ragtime	Ragtime
raid	creach
raider	Raider
rail	rèile
railing	rèile
railroad	rèile
railway	rèile
raiment	èideadh
rain	uisge
rainbow	bogha-froise
rainbow trout	breac bogha-frois
rainbows	bogha-frois
raincoat	còta uisge
raindrops	briseadh-uisge
rainfall	uisge
rainforest	coille-uisge
rainmaker	rainmaker
rainstorm	Stoirm-uisge
rainy	bàn
rainyday	uisgeachan
raise	àrdachadh
raised	air a thogail
raisin	raisin
raising	togail
rake	raich
rally	rally
ram	reithe
ramble	ramble
rambling	a 'cromadh
ramp	ramp
rampage	rampage
rampant	rampant
rampart	rampart
ramrod	ramrod
ranch	ranch
rancher	saighdear
rancid	rancid
random	air thuaiream
randomly	air thuaiream
randomness	air thuaiream
randy	mar sin
range	raon
ranger	saighdear
rank	rang
ranking	sgaoileadh
ransom	fuasgladh
rant	rant
ranting	ranting
rap	rap
rape	èigneachadh
rapid	luath
rapidity	rapideachd
rapids	Rapids
rapist	rapist
rapper	rapper
rapping	rapping
rapport	NO TRANSLATION
rapt	rapt
raptor	eun cobhartaich
raptors	eun cobhartaich
rapture	eun cobhartaich
rare	tearc
rarely	glè ainneamh
rarity	rathity
rascal	gràdh
rash	gràdh
raspberries	labhragan
raspberry	sùbh-craoibh
rat	ratan
ratchet	giùlan
rate	ìre
ratification	daingneachadh
ratify	daingneachadh
rating	ìre
ratio	co-mheas
ration	cuibhreann
rational	reusanta
rationale	feallsanachd
rationalism	reusanachadh
rationality	reusantachd
rationalize	reusanta
rationing	cuibhreannachadh
rattan	rattan
rattle	sgaoileadh
rattled	sgaoileadh
rattler	s an Iar-
rattlesnake	daingneachadh
ratty	s an Iar-
raucous	raucous
ravage	rabhaidh
rave	rave
raven	fitheach
ravenous	fiadhaich
ravine	rabhaidh
raving	rabhaidh
ravioli	ravioli
ravishing	a 'giùlan
raw	amh
rawhide	rawhide
rawr	rawr
ray	ray
razor	razor
reach	ruigsinn
react	freagairt
reaction	freagairt
reactionary	ath-bheothachadh
reactive	reactive
reactor	reactor
read	leugh
reader	leughadair
readership	luchd-leughaidh
readily	gu math
readiness	ullachaidh
reading	leughadh
readjustment	ath-rèiteachadh
readout	leughadh
ready	deiseil
readytogo	readytogo
reaffirm	ath-dhaingneachadh
reagent	ath-bheothaich
real	fìor
realism	realism
realist	realist
realistic	realistic
reality	fìrinn
realization	coileanadh
realize	tuigsinn
realm	rìoghachd
realtor	realtor
realty	fìor mhath
ream	ream
reap	buain
reaper	reapar
reappear	ath-nochdadh
rear	cùl
rearrange	ath-rèiteachadh
rearrangement	ath-rèiteachadh
reason	adhbhar
reasonable	reusanta
reasonableness	reusantachd
reasoning	reusanachadh
reasons	adhbharan
reassemble	reussemble
reassign	ath-ainmeachadh
reassignment	ath-ainmeachadh
reassurance	misneachd
reassure	tairgse
reassured	sàsaichte
reassuring	taitneach
rebate	reabadh
rebel	reubaltaich
rebellion	ar-a-mach
rebellious	ar-a-mach
rebels	reubaltaich
rebirth	ath-bheothachadh
reboot	ath-nuadhachadh
reborn	ath-bheothachadh
rebound	ath-bheothachadh
rebuild	ath-thogail
rebuke	rebuke
rebut	reubadh
rebuttal	ath-bheothachadh
recalcitrant	sàmhach
recall	cuimhneachadh
recant	sgaoileadh
recap	recap
recapture	ath-ghlacadh
recast	ath-bheothachadh
recede	sguir
receding	sgaoileadh
receipt	cuidhteas
receipts	cuidhteasan
receive	faighinn
received	a fhuair iad
receiver	receiver
receiving	a 'faighinn
recent	o chionn ghoirid
receptacle	gabhad
reception	fàilteachas
receptionist	neach-fàilteachaidh
receptive	gabhaltais
receptor	gabhadair
recess	buain
recesses	buainidhean
recession	crìonadh
recharge	ath-lìonadh
recheck	ath-sgrùdadh
recherche	NO TRANSLATION
recidivism	ath-bheothachadh
recipe	rèis
recipient	faighinn
reciprocal	eadar-dhealaichte
reciprocate	air ais
reciprocity	co-chòrdachd
recital	aithris
recitation	aithris
recite	aithris
reckless	neo-chùramach
recklessness	iomagachd
reckon	cunntadh
reckoning	a 'cunntadh
reclaim	ath-thagradh
reclamation	ath-sgaoileadh
recline	ath-loidhne
reclining	a 'crìonadh
recluse	ath-nuadhachadh
recognition	aithneachadh
recognizable	aithnichte
recognize	aithneachadh
recognized	aithnichte
recoil	recoil
recollect	cuimhneachadh
recollection	cuimhneachadh
recombinant	ath-thaobhadh
recombination	ath-thaghadh
recommend	moladh
recommendation	moladh
recompense	dìoladh
recon	ath
reconcile	rèiteachadh
reconciliation	rèiteachadh
reconfigure	ath-dhealbhadh
reconnaissance	taisbeanaidh
reconnect	ath-cheangal
reconsider	ath-bheachdachadh
reconsideration	ath-bheachdachadh
reconstitution	ath-shuidheachadh
reconstruct	ath-thogail
reconstruction	ath-thogail
reconstructive	ath-chruthachail
reconvene	ath-bheothachadh
record	clàraich
recorder	clàraiche
recording	clàradh
recount	aithris
recoup	ath-cheannach
recourse	cleachdadh
recover	faighinn air ais
recoverable	faighinn a-steach
recovery	ath-bheothachadh
recreate	ath-chruthachadh
recreation	cur-seachad
recreational	cur-seachadan
recruit	fhastadh
recruiter	earbsa
recruiting	fastadh
recruitment	fastadh
recruits	saighdearan
rectal	ceart
rectangle	ceart-cheàrnach
rectangular	ceart-cheàrnach
rectification	ceartachadh
rectify	ceartachadh
rector	rector
rectory	manachainn
rectum	ceart
recumbent	s an Iar-
recuperation	ath-bheothachadh
recur	ath-chuairteachadh
recurrence	ath-chuairteachadh
recurrent	sgaoileadh
recurring	ath-chuairteachadh
recursion	ath-chuairteachadh
recursive	reusantail
recursively	a-rithist
recycle	ath-chuairteachadh
recycled	ath-chuartachadh
recycling	ath-chuairteachadh
red	dearg
reddish	ruisneach
redecorate	ath-sgeadachadh
redeem	ath-cheannaich
redeemed	air a shaoradh
redemption	saorsa
redesign	ath-dhealbhadh
redhead	dearg
redheaded	sgaoileadh
redirect	ath-stiùireadh
redneck	dearbhadh
redness	dearg
redo	redo
redress	ceartas
reduce	lùghdachadh
reduced	lùghdaichte
reduction	lùghdachadh
redundancy	iomadachd
redundant	neo-fheumail
redwood	dearg
reed	caora
reef	sgeir
reefer	reefer
reefs	sgeirean
reek	reek
reel	ruidhle
reelection	ath-thaghadh
reeling	sgaoileadh
reenactment	ath-bheothachadh
reentry	ath-aithris
reestablish	ath-shuidheachadh
ref	ref
refer	bruidhinn
referee	rèitire
reference	iomradh
referendum	reifreann
referral	iomradh
refill	ath-lìonadh
refine	dèan cinnteach
refined	mìorbhaileach
refinement	ath-bheothachadh
refinery	spèilidh
refining	a 'fighe
refit	ath-bheothachadh
reflect	meòrachadh
reflecting	a 'meòrachadh
reflection	meòrachadh
reflective	meòrachail
reflector	reflector
reflex	ath-bheothachadh
reflux	reflux
reform	ath-leasachadh
reformation	ath-leasachadh
reformer	ath-leasaiche
refraction	ath-bheothachadh
refractor	ath-bheothachadh
refractory	sgudal
refrain	stad
refraining	ag ath-nuadhachadh
refresh	ùrachadh
refreshed	ùrachadh
refreshing	ath-ùrachadh
refreshment	ùrachadh
refrigerate	sneachda
refrigeration	reothadh
refrigerator	fridgerator
refuel	ath-nuadhachadh
refuge	teine
refugee	fògarraich
refund	ais-dhìoladh
refurbish	ath-nuadhachadh
refusal	dhiùltadh
refuse	dhiùltadh
refused	dhiùlt
refusing	a 'diùltadh
refutation	ath-leasachadh
refute	refute
regain	ath-bheothachadh
regal	regal
regalia	rìoghalachd
regard	aire
regatta	regatta
regency	riaghaltas
regenerate	ath-bheothachadh
regeneration	ath-bheothachadh
regent	riaghlaidh
reggae	reggae
regime	riaghailt
regimen	riaghladh
regiment	rèisimeid
regimental	rèiseamaideach
region	sgìre
regional	roinneil
regionalism	regionalism
register	clàraich
registrar	neach-clàraidh
registration	clàradh
registry	clàradh
regress	ath-bheothachadh
regression	ath-thionndadh
regressive	ath-bheothachaidh
regret	aithreachas
regretful	èibhinn
regrettable	èibhinn
regretted	aithreachas
regretting	aithreachas
regroup	regroup
regular	gu cunbhalach
regularity	riaghailteachd
regulars	riaghailteach
regulate	riaghladh
regulated	riaghladh
regulation	riaghladh
regulator	riaghladair
regulatory	riaghladh
regurgitation	ath-bheothachadh
rehab	rehab
rehabilitate	ath-bheothachadh
rehabilitation	ath-ghnàthachadh
rehash	rehash
rehearsal	rehearsal
rehearse	deasaich an tùs]
reign	rìgh
reigning	a 'riaghladh
reimburse	reimburse
reimbursement	reimburdh
rein	rein
reincarnation	reincarnation
reindeer	fèidh Lochlannach
reinforce	daingneachadh
reinforcement	neartachadh
reinforcements	daingneachadh
reins	reins
reinstall	ath-shuidheachadh
reinstate	ath-shuidheachadh
reinstatement	ath-shuidheachadh
reinvest	ath-thasgadh
reinvestment	ath-thasgadh
reiterate	ath-aithris
reject	dhiùlt
rejected	air a dhiùltadh
rejection	dhiùltadh
rejects	dhiùlt
rejoice	gàirdeachas
rejoicing	gàirdeachas
rejoin	reub
rejuvenate	ath-nuadhachadh
rejuvenated	ath-nuadhachadh
rekindle	rekindle
relapse	ath-chuairteachadh
relate	ceangal
related	cheangailte
relation	càirdeas
relationship	càirdeas
relative	càirdeil
relativity	càirdeas
relax	socair
relaxant	sàmhach
relaxation	fois
relaxed	sàmhach
relaxing	sàmhach
relay	sealaidheachd
release	leig às
released	sgaoileadh
relegation	slaodadh
relentless	gun fhiosta
relevance	buntainneachd
relevancy	buntainneachd
relevant	buntainneach
reliability	earbsa
reliable	earbsach
reliance	earbsa
relic	relic
relics	cuimhneachain
relief	faochadh
relieve	faothaich
relieved	faochadh
relieving	lughdachadh
relight	ath-bheothachadh
religion	creideamh
religious	creideamh
relinquish	leig às
relish	gàirdeachas
relive	reubhail
reload	ath-luchdachadh
relocate	ath-ghluasad
relocation	ath-ghluasad
reluctance	dragh
reluctant	mì-thoilichte
rely	deònach
remain	fuireach
remainder	a 'chòrr
remaining	air fhàgail
remains	fuigheall
remake	ath-bheothachadh
remand	remand
remark	facal
remarkable	iongantach
remarkably	gu sònraichte
remarry	ath-bheothachadh
rematch	ath-mhara
remedial	leigheas
remedy	leigheas
remember	cuimhnich
remembered	air a chuimhneachadh
remembering	a 'cuimhneachadh
remembrance	cuimhneachadh
remind	cuir an cuimhne
reminder	cuimhneachan
reminisce	cuimhneachadh
reminiscent	a 'cuimhneachadh
reminiscing	a 'cuimhneachadh
remiss	miann
remission	saorsa
remit	raon-ùghdarrais
remittance	tairgse
remnant	fuigheall
remodel	ath-mhodail
remorse	iomagain
remorseful	iomallach
remote	iomallach
remoteness	iomallachd
removal	toirt air falbh
remove	falbh
remover	sgaoileadh
remuneration	tuarastal
renaissance	ath-bheothachadh
renal	dubhaig
rencontre	NO TRANSLATION
rend	NO TRANSLATION
render	rionnag
rendering	dèanamh
rendezvous	sgaoileadh
rendition	Rèiteachadh
renegade	renegade
renegotiate	ath-rèiteachadh
renew	ùrachadh
renewal	ùrachadh
renounce	ceadaich
renovate	ùrachadh
renovated	ath-nuadhachadh
renovation	ath-nuadhachadh
renown	cliù
renowned	ainmeil
rent	màl
rental	màl
renter	màl
renunciation	sguabadh às
reopen	ath-fhosgladh
reorganization	ath-eagrachadh
reorganize	ath-eagrachadh
rep	riochdaire
repaint	sgaoileadh
repair	càradh
repairman	chàradh
reparation	càradh
repay	a phàigheadh ​​air ais
repayment	a phàigheadh ​​air ais
repeal	ath-ghairm
repeat	a-rithist
repeated	a-rithist
repeatedly	a-rithist
repeater	ath-aithris
repel	repel
repellant	ath-chuairteachadh
repellent	ath-dhìoladh
repelling	ath-thogail
repent	aithreachas
repentance	aithreachas
repentant	aithreachas
repertoire	repertoire
repertory	sgaoileadh
repetition	ath-aithris
repetitive	ath-aithris
rephrase	ath-sgrìobhadh
replace	àite
replacement	ath-shuidheachadh
replay	ath-chluich
replenish	replenish
replete	làn
replica	mac-samhail
replicate	riochdachadh
replication	ath-riochdachadh
reply	freagairt
report	aithisg
reported	aithris
reporter	aithris
repose	ceasnachadh
reposition	ath-shuidheachadh
repository	stòras
repossess	ath-thagradh
reprehensible	mì-chinnteach
represent	riochdachadh
representation	riochdachadh
representative	riochdaire
represented	riochdachadh
representing	riochdachadh
repress	riochdachadh
repressed	sgaoileadh
repression	mùchadh
reprieve	gàirdeachas
reprimand	bualadh
reprint	ath-chlò-bhualadh
reprisal	dìmeas
reprise	ath-sgrìobhadh
reproach	an-iochdmhor
reproduce	ath-chruthachadh
reproduction	ath-riochdachadh
reproductive	gintinn
reprogram	ath-chlàradh
reptile	snàgairean
republic	Poblachd
republican	Poblachdach
repudiation	ath-dhìoladh
repugnance	a dhìth
repugnant	mì-fhortanach
repulsion	sèididh
repulsive	èibhinn
repurchase	ath-cheannach
reputable	s an Iar-
reputation	cliù
repute	aithris
reputed	air aithris
request	iarrtas
requiem	requiem
require	a dhìth
required	a dhìth
requirement	riatanas
requisite	riatanach
requisition	iarrtas
reread	reread
reroute	reroute
rerun	rerun
reschedule	ath-eagrachadh
rescind	ath-dhìoladh
rescission	aiseag
rescue	teasairginn
research	rannsachadh
researcher	rannsachaidh
resection	Rannsachadh
resemblance	coltach
resemble	coltach
resembling	coltach ri chèile
resent	sìor fhàs
resentful	èibhinn
resentment	èibhinn
reservation	glèidhidh
reserve	glèidhte
reserved	glèidhte
reserves	cùl-stòran
reservoir	tasgaidh
reset	ath-shuidhich
reside	fuireach
residence	còmhnaidh
residences	còmhnaidh
residency	còmhnaidh
resident	còmhnaidh
residential	còmhnaidh
residual	residual
residue	residue
resign	Thoir suas
resignation	a dhreuchd
resigned	a dhreuchd a leigeil dheth
resilience	neartachd
resilient	tapaidh
resin	roisinn
resist	resist
resistance	sneachda
resistant	resistant
resisting	a 'seasamh an aghaidh
resistive	resistive
resolute	duilich
resolutely	gu dearbh
resolution	rùn
resolve	fuasgladh
resolved	fhuasgladh
resonance	ath-shealladh
resonant	sàmhach
resonate	ath-bheothachadh
resonator	sgaoileadh
resort	turasachd
resounding	sàr-mhath
resource	stòras
resourceful	stòrasach
resources	goireasan
respect	urram
respectability	urramachd
respectable	urram
respected	urram
respectful	urram
respecting	urram
respective	fa leth
respects	urram
respiration	respiration
respirator	anabarrach
respiratory	analach
respite	faochadh
resplendent	sgaoileadh
respond	freagairt
respondent	freagairtiche
response	freagairt
responsibility	dleastanas
responsible	cùramach
responsive	freagairt
rest	fois
restart	ath-thòisich
restaurant	taigh-bìdh
rested	càisg
restful	sàmhach
restitution	aiseag
restless	mì-chinnteach
restlessness	sìorrachd
restock	ath-shuidheachadh
restoration	ath-leasachadh
restorative	ath-nuadhachadh
restore	air ais
restored	ath-nuadhachadh
restoring	ath-nuadhachadh
restrain	stad
restrained	air a chuingealachadh
restraining	srianadh
restraint	srianadh
restrict	cuingealachadh
restricted	cuingealaichte
restriction	cuingealachadh
restrictive	cuingealaichte
restroom	seòmar-suidhe
result	toradh
resultant	a 'tighinn gu buil
resume	air ais
resumption	ath-thòiseachadh
resurrect	ath-bheothachadh
resurrection	aiseirigh
resuscitate	ath-bheothachadh
resuscitation	ath-bheothachadh
retail	reic
retailer	ceannaiche
retain	glèidheadh
retainer	gleidhidh
retaining	glèidheadh
retake	reic
retaliate	ath-aithris
retaliation	dìoghaltas
retaliatory	ath-ghairm
retard	ath-dhreuchd
retardation	dìomhaireachd
retarded	sgaoileadh
retards	dìoladh
retention	gleidheadh
retentive	reusanta
rethink	ath-bheachdachadh
reticent	dìomhaireachd
retina	retina
retinal	retina
retire	leig dheth a dhreuchd
retired	leig dheth a dhreuchd
retirement	cluaineas
retiring	leig dheth a dhreuchd
retold	ath-aithris
retort	air ais
retrace	air ais
retract	tarraing air ais
retraction	ath-tharraing
retractor	ath-bheothachadh
retreat	dannsa
retrenchment	sguabadh às
retrial	ath-ghairm
retribution	ath-dhìoladh
retrieval	ais-ghlacadh
retrieve	a-rithist
retriever	ath-cheannaich
retro	air ais
retroactive	ath-ghnìomhach
retrograde	ath-dhreuchd
retrospect	ath-shealladh
retrospective	ath-shealladh
retrospectively	air ais
return	tilleadh
reunion	ath-chruinneachaidh
reunite	tilleadh còmhla
reunited	ath-aonaichte
rev	rev
reveal	nochdadh
revel	s an Iar-
revelation	nochd
revelations	sgaoileadh
revels	sgeulachdan
revenge	dìoghaltas
revenue	teachd-a-steach
reverberation	ath-bheothachadh
revere	urram
reverence	urram
reverend	urramach
reverent	urramach
reverie	reverie
reversal	tionndadh
reverse	air ais
reversion	reversion
revert	thoir air ais
reverting	a 'tilleadh air ais
review	ath-bhreithneachadh
reviewer	ath-sgrùdaiche
revise	ath-sgrùdadh
revision	ath-sgrùdadh
revisit	coimhead air ais
revival	ath-bheothachadh
revive	ath-bheothachadh
revocation	ath-ghairm
revoke	ath-ghairm
revolt	ar-a-mach
revolting	sabaid
revolution	ar-a-mach
revolutionary	ar-a-mach
revolutionize	ar-a-mach
revolve	gluasad
revolver	revolver
revolving	gluasad
revue	ath-bheothachadh
revulsion	ath-bheothachadh
revving	ath-bheothachadh
reward	duais
rewarding	buannachdail
rewind	ath-nuadhachadh
rewire	rewire
rewrite	ath-sgrìobhadh
rhapsody	rapsody
rhetoric	luaidh
rhetorical	retorical
rheumatism	aodach
rhinestone	sgaoileadh
rhino	rhinoin
rhinoceros	rinoceros
rhubarb	ruibab
rhyme	rann
rhyming	a 'sruthadh
rhythm	ruitheam
rhythmic	ruitheam
rhythmical	sgaoileadh
rib	rib
ribbed	sìde
ribbon	ribbon
rice	ris
rich	beairteach
riches	beairteas
richness	beairteas
rick	Rick
rickety	sgaoileadh
rickshaw	rickshaw
ricochet	a dh 'fhalbh
rid	cuidhteas
riddance	s an Iar-
riddle	tòimhseachan
riddled	s an Iar-
ride	rothaireachd
rider	marcaiche
ridge	druim
ridicule	èibhinn
ridiculed	a 'cur dragh air
ridiculous	amaideach
riding	rothaireachd
rife	rife
riff	riff
riffraff	riffraff
rifle	raidhfil
rifleman	raidhfil
rifles	raidhfeilean
rift	rift
rig	rig
rigged	sgaoileadh
rigging	rigging
right	deas
righteous	ceart
righteousness	fìreantachd
rightful	ceart
rightly	ceart
righty	ceart
rigid	cruaidh
rigidity	rigidity
rigor	rigor
rigorous	cruaidh
rim	rim
rind	rind
ring	ring
ringer	sneachda
ringing	fàgail
ringleader	ceann-cinnidh
ringmaster	maighstir-chearcaill
ringside	fàinneachan
rink	rinc
rinse	sruth
riot	aimhreit
rioting	riotachadh
riotous	aimhreit
riots	aimhreit
rip	slat
riparian	sruth
ripe	aibidh
ripen	ath-rèiteachadh
ripening	ath-ghiùlan
ripper	sgiobalta
ripple	sneachda
rippling	a 'càradh
rise	ag èirigh
rising	ag èirigh
risk	cunnart
risky	cunnartach
risotto	risotto
rite	aithris
ritual	deas-ghnàth
ritualistic	deasachadh
rival	co-rèiteach
rivalry	co-rèiteachadh
river	abhainn
riverbank	bruach aibhne
riverbed	abhainn aibhne
riverboat	abhainn
rivet	sgaoileadh
riveted	sàrachadh
riveting	sgaoileadh
roach	roach
road	rathad
roadblock	rathaid-rathaid
roadhouse	roadhouse
roadie	Roadie
roadrage	NO TRANSLATION
roadrunner	rèile rathaid
roads	rathaidean
roadside	taobh an rathaid
roadster	rathad
roadtrip	air an rathad
roadway	rathad
roadworks	obair rathaid
roam	roam
roar	roar
roaring	roaring
roast	roast
roasted	air a ròstadh
rob	rob
robber	robair
robbery	mèirle
robe	aodach
robin	robin
robot	robot
robotic	robotic
robotics	robotics
robust	làidir
roc	roc
rock	creag
rocker	rocker
rocket	rocaid
rocks	creagan
rod	slat
rodent	creachadair
rodeo	rodeo
roe	roe
rogue	gruagach
role	dreuchd
roll	rolla
roller	rolair
rollercoaster	Rolar-còrsair
rollers	rolairean
rollicking	sgaoileadh
rolling	sgaoileadh
roman	rìoghachd
romance	romansa
romantic	romansach
romanticism	romansachd
romp	briseadh sìos
roof	mullach
rooftop	mullach-taighe
rook	rook
rookie	an-diugh
room	seòmar
roomful	saoghail
roommate	seòmar-suidhe
rooms	seòmraichean
roomy	s an Iar-
roost	sneachda
rooster	cnoc
root	root
root beer	beoir frèam
rooted	rooted
rope	rope
ropes	ròpaichean
rosary	rosary
rose	Ròs
rosemary	Rosemary
rosette	rosette
roster	roster
rosy	gruagach
rot	rot
rota	rota
rotary	rotary
rotate	rotate
rotation	rotation
rote	Ruairidh
rotor	rotor
rotten	clach
rotting	a 'gluasad
rotunda	rotunda
rouge	rouge
rough	garbh
roughly	mu thimcheall
roughneck	sgaoileadh
roughness	roughness
roulette	roulette
round	timcheall
roundabout	cearcall-rathaid
rounded	cruinn
roundup	cuairt suas
rouse	bròg
rouser	sòlasach
rousing	sgaoileadh
rout	ruith
route	slighe
routine	àbhaisteach
rove	sgaoileadh
rover	rover
roving	sgaoileadh
row	sreath
rowboat	bàta-ràimh
rowdy	sneachda
rowing	iomraidh
royal	rìoghail
royalty	rìghrean
rub	rub
rubber	rubair
rubbers	rubair
rubbing	sgoltadh
rubbish	sgudal
rubble	sgudal
rubdown	sgaoileadh
rubric	rubric
ruby	ruby
ruckus	sneachda
rudder	stiùir
ruddy	rudeigin
rude	rudeigin
rudeness	rudeigin
rudimentary	ionnsaigh
rudiments	rudiments
rue	rue
rueful	èibhinn
ruff	ruff
ruffian	ruffian
ruffle	ruffle
rug	brat
rugby	rugbaidh
rugged	garbh
ruin	tobhta
ruination	ruin
ruined	tobhta
ruinous	tobhta
ruins	tobhtaichean
rule	riaghailt
ruler	riaghladair
ruling	riaghladh
rum	rum
rumba	rumba
rumble	sneachda
rummage	rummage
rumor	rumor
rumored	s an Iar-
rump	rump
rumpus	sgaoileadh
run	ruith
runaround	sgaoileadh
runaway	ruith air falbh
rundown	sgaoileadh
runes	sgaoileadh
rung	sgaoileadh
runner	runner
running	ruith
running shoes	brògan ruith
runny	sgaoileadh
runt	NO TRANSLATION
runway	runway
rupture	briseadh
rural	dùthchail
ruse	NO TRANSLATION
rush	rush
rushing	sgaoileadh
rust	meirge
rusted	rusted
rustic	rustic
rustle	mealladh
rustler	meirgeadair
rusty	meirgeach
rut	rut
ruth	ruth
ruthless	ruthless
rye	seagal
sabbatical	Didòmhnaich
saber	NO TRANSLATION
sable	sable
sabotage	sabotage
saboteur	saboteur
sac	sac
sack	sac
sacrament	sàcramaint
sacred	saoghail
sacrifice	ìobairt
sacrifices	ìobairt
sacrificial	sacrificial
sacrilege	sacrilege
sacrilegious	sacrilegious
sad	brònach
sadday	NO TRANSLATION
saddens	brògan
saddle	dìollaid
sadist	sadist
sadistic	sàmhach
sadly	gu mì-fhortanach
sadness	bròn
safari	safari
safe	sàbhailte
safeguard	dìon
safekeeping	sàbhailte
safety	sàbhailteachd
saffron	croch
sag	sag
saga	saga
sage	sage
saggy	saoghail
sail	seòladh
sailboat	seòladair
sailing	seòladh
sailor	seòladair
saint	naomh
sainted	saoghail
saintly	gu h-iongantach
sake	air adhart
salad	salad
salamander	salamander
salami	salami
salary	tuarastal
sale	reic
salesgirl	reic
salesman	neach-reic
salient	gu sònraichte
saline	salainn
saliva	saliva
sally	saoghail
salmon	bradan
salmonella	salmonella
salon	salon
saloon	saloon
salsa	salsa
salt	salann
salted	saillte
saltwater	uisge salainn
salty	salainn
salutary	sàmhach
salutation	salutation
salute	fàilte
salvage	sàbhaladh
salvation	slàinte
salve	gu dearbha
samba	samba
sameness	sameness
sample	sampall
samurai	samurai
sanatorium	sanatorium
sanctification	naomhachd
sanctified	air a naomhachadh
sanctify	naomhaich
sanctimonious	saoghail
sanction	smachd-bhannan
sanctioned	air a cheadachadh
sanctity	naomhachd
sanctuary	coiseachd
sanctum	saoghail
sand	gainmheach
sandal	sandal
sandbox	bogsa gainmhich
sander	sander
sandman	sandman
sandpaper	pàipear-gainmhich
sands	ghainmhich
sandstorm	stoirm gainmhich
sandwich	ceapaire
sandy	ghainmheach
sane	sane
sanguine	sgaoileadh
sanitarium	sanitarium
sanitary	slàintealachd
sanitation	slàintealachd
sanity	sàbhailteachd
sans	NO TRANSLATION
santa	santa
sap	saidheans
sapiens	sapiens
sapphire	sapphire
sappy	sappy
sarcasm	sarcasm
sarcastic	sarcastic
sarcoma	sarcoma
sarcophagus	sarcophagus
sardine	sardine
sardonic	sardonic
sarsaparilla	sarsaparilla
sash	sash
sashimi	sashimi
sassafras	sassafras
sassy	sassy
satanic	sgaoileadh
satchel	satchel
sate	NO TRANSLATION
satellite	saideal
satin	satan
satire	aoir
satirical	aoir
satisfaction	riarachadh
satisfactorily	gu h-iomchaidh
satisfactory	riarachail
satisfied	riaraichte
satisfy	riarachadh
satisfying	sàsaichte
saturate	sàmhach
saturated	sàthaichte
saturation	saturation
satyr	aoir
sauce	sauce
saucepan	siospan
saucer	saucer
saucy	saucy
sauerkraut	sauerkraut
sauna	sauna
sausage	siùsag
savage	saoghail
savagery	saoghail
savanna	Savanna
savannah	savannah
savant	saoghail
save	sàbhail
saver	saorsa
saving	sàbhaladh
savings	sàbhalaidhean
savior	saoraidh
savor	saoghail
savory	bòidheach
savvy	saoghail
saw	sàbhaladh
sawdust	saoird
sawmill	muileann sàbhaidh
sax	sax
saxophone	saxophone
say	ag ràdh
sayonara	NO TRANSLATION
scab	sgab
scabbard	sgabbard
scaffold	sgaffall
scaffolding	sgaffald
scalding	sgalladh
scale	sgèile
scales	sgàilean
scallop	creachainn
scalp	sgalp
scalpel	sgalpel
scaly	sgàil
scam	sgam
scamp	scamp
scampi	scampi
scan	sganadh
scandal	sgàineadh
scandalous	smearrach
scanner	sganair
scanty	sgannach
scape	sgìth
scapegoat	sgoltag
scar	sgaoileadh
scarab	scarab
scarce	gann
scarcely	gann
scarcity	gainnead
scare	eagal
scarecrow	sneachda
scared	eagal
scares	a 'caoidh
scarf	sgarfa
scarier	scarier
scariest	sgaoileadh
scarlet	sgarlaid
scary	eagal
scat	scat
scatter	sgapadh
scattered	sgapte
scattering	sgapte
scavenger	sgaoileadh
scenario	suidheachadh
scene	sealladh
scenery	seallaidhean
scenic	seallaidh
scent	smuaintean
scented	air an sgeadachadh
scepter	scepter
sceptical	neo-chreidsinneach
scepticism	amharas
schadenfreude	schadenfreude
schedule	clàr-ama
schematic	sgeama
scheme	sgeama
schilling	schilling
schism	schism
schizophrenia	sgitsophrenia
schizophrenic	sgitsophrenic
schlep	schlep
schmuck	NO TRANSLATION
schnapps	schnapps
schnitzel	schnitzel
scholar	sgoilear
scholarly	sgoilearach
scholarship	sgoilearachd
scholastic	sgoilear
school	sgoil
schoolboy	balach sgoile
schoolgirl	sgoil-sgoile
schoolhouse	taigh-sgoile
schooling	sgoilearachd
schoolmaster	maighstir-sgoile
schoolteacher	NO TRANSLATION
schoolwork	obair-sgoile
schoolyard	gàrradh sgoile
schooner	schooner
sciatica	sciatica
science	saidheans
scientific	saidheansail
scientist	saidheans
scifi	scifi
scintilla	NO TRANSLATION
scintillating	sgoltadh
scintillation	sèididh
scintillator	scintillator
scion	sgion
scissors	siosar
scoff	sabaid
scold	sgillinn
scolding	a 'caoineadh
scone	sgàin
scoop	sgaoileadh
scoot	sgot
scooter	sgùtair
scope	farsaingeachd
scorch	sgurch
scorching	sgaoileadh
score	sgòr
scoreboard	sgòr-chluich
scorer	sgorraiche
scores	sgòran
scorn	sguabadh às
scorned	sguabadh às
scornful	èibhinn
scorpion	sgorpion
scotch	scotch
scoundrel	sneachda
scour	sgòr
scourge	bualadh
scout	scouts
scowl	scowl
scrabble	scrabble
scram	scram
scramble	sìor fhàs
scrambled	a 'sgapadh
scrambler	sreapadair
scrambling	sgrambling
scrap	briseadh
scrapbook	Leabhar-leabhraichean
scrape	sgrapeadh
scrapie	sgrapidh
scraping	a 'sgrìobadh
scrappy	sgrippy
scratch	sgrìobadh
scratchy	sgratach
scrawny	sgrawny
scream	sgread
screamer	sgreamer
screaming	a 'cluinntinn
screech	sgreech
screen	sgrion
screening	sgrìonadh
screenplay	sgrion-sgrion
screenwriter	sgrìobhaiche sgrion
screw	sgriù
screwball	sgrewball
screwdriver	screwdriver
screwed	s an Iar-
screwy	s an Iar-
screwyou	NO TRANSLATION
scribble	sgrìobhadh
scribe	sgrìobhadair
scrimmage	scrimmage
scrip	scrip
script	sgriobt
scriptural	sgriobtuir
scripture	sgriobtuir
scroll	scroll
scrotum	scrotum
scrounge	sguabadh
scrounger	scrounger
scrub	sgubhadh
scruffy	sgruffy
scrumptious	sneachda
scrupulous	s an Iar-
scrutinize	sgrùdadh
scrutiny	sgrùdadh
scuba	scuba
scuff	sguff
scuffle	sguffle
scullery	scullery
sculptor	snaigheadair
sculpture	snaigheadh
sculptured	snaidheadh
scum	sgum
scumbag	scumbag
scurry	sgurry
scurvy	sgurvy
scuttle	sguttle
sea	mara
seaboard	air cladach
seafood	biadh mara
seagull	faoileag
seal	ròn
seals	ròin
seam	seam
seaman	maraiche
seamless	gun fheum
seamstress	seinneadair
seaport	port-port
sear	sear
search	Rannsaich
searching	a 'rannsachadh
searchlight	searchlight
seared	sgaoileadh
seashore	tràigh
seasick	mara
seaside	tràigh
season	seusan
seasonal	seusanail
seasoned	sgaoileadh
seasoning	sgaoileadh
seat	suidheachan
seatbelt	crios-suidheachain
seating	suidheachain
seawater	uisge-mara
seaweed	feamainn
sec	sec
secession	seasgachadh
secluded	falaichte
seclusion	àicheadh
second	an dàrna
second cousin	dàrna co-ogha
secondary	àrd-sgoil
secondhand	dàrna-làimh
secrecy	secrecy
secret	dìomhair
secretariat	rùnaire
secretary	rùnaire
secrete	secrete
secretion	secretion
secretive	dìomhair
secretly	gu dìomhair
sect	roinn
sectarian	sgaoileadh
section	earrann
sectional	earrannal
sector	roinn
secular	saoghal
secularism	cleachdaidheachd
secure	tèarainte
securities	tarantasan
security	tèarainteachd
sedan	NO TRANSLATION
sedate	suidhe
sedation	tubaist
sedative	sàmhach
sedentary	neo-chùramach
sedge	sedge
sediment	grùid
sedimentary	grùideach
sedition	rèiteachadh
seduce	thoir às
seducer	seducer
seducing	tàladh
seduction	lughdachadh
seductive	eireachdail
see	faic
seed	sìol
seedling	sìtheanan
seeds	sìol
seedy	seedy
seek	sireadh
seeker	sireadh
seem	coltach
seemingly	a rèir coltais
seer	fiosaichean
seesaw	saoghail
seething	sgaoileadh
segment	earrann
segregate	sgaradh
segregated	air a sgaradh
segregation	sgaradh
seismic	seismic
seize	ionnsaigh
seizure	glacadh
seldom	glè ainneamh
select	taghadh
selection	taghadh
selective	roghnach
selectman	taghadh
selenium	seileiumium
self	fhèin
selfharm	NO TRANSLATION
selfish	fèineil
selfishness	feallsanachd
selfless	neo-eisimeileach
selflove	NO TRANSLATION
selfworth	NO TRANSLATION
sell	reic
seller	reic
sellout	sgaoileadh
seltzer	seltzer
semantics	sgaoileadh
semaphore	semaphore
semblance	sealladh
semen	spiorad
semester	semeastar
semi	semi
semiautomatic	NO TRANSLATION
semicolon	leth-dhuilleag
seminal	co-sheòrsach
seminar	seiminear
seminary	seiminear
semiotics	sgaoileadh
senate	Seanad
senator	senator
send	cuir
sender	seoltadair
senescence	neo-eisimeileachd
senile	gunile
senior	àrd
seniority	àrdachdachd
senor	senor
senorita	senorita
sensation	mothachadh
sensational	mothachail
sense	mothachadh
senseless	gun mhothachadh
senses	mothachadh
sensibility	mothachadh
sensible	ciallach
sensibly	gu ciallach
sensitive	mothachail
sensitivity	cugallach
sensor	mothachadh
sensory	mothachail
sensual	sensual
sensuality	mothachail
sensuous	mothachail
sentence	seantans
sentencing	dìteadh
sentient	mothachail
sentiment	faireachdainn
sentimental	sentimental
sentimentality	faireachdainnean
sentinel	sentinel
sentry	sgaoileadh
separable	sgaradh
separate	air leth
separately	air leth
separation	sgaradh
separatist	sgaradh
sepia	sepia
sepsis	sepsis
sept	sept
septic	seachdainn
septum	septum
sequel	seicheal
sequence	sreath
sequent	leantainn
sequestered	sgaoileadh
sequestration	leantainn
serenade	serenade
serendipity	serendipity
serene	serene
serenity	serenity
sergeant	sàirdeant
serial	sreathan
serialize	serialize
series	sreath
serif	serif
serious	dona
seriousness	diadhachd
sermon	searmon
serpent	nathair
serpentine	neònach
serrated	sgaoileadh
serum	seum
servant	searbhanta
serve	seirbheis
server	frithealaiche
service	seirbheis
serviceable	seirbheis
servile	s an Iar-
servitude	seirbheis
sesame	sesame
sess	NO TRANSLATION
session	seisean
sessions	seiseanan
set	seata
setback	suidheachadh
sett	NO TRANSLATION
setter	suidheachadh
settle	tuineachadh
settled	thuineachadh
settlement	tuineachadh
settler	luchd-tuineachaidh
settlor	neach-sochair
setup	Cuir air chois
seven	seachd
seventeen	seachd-deug
seventh	an t-seachdamh
seventy	seachdad
sever	sever
severable	sgaoileadh
severally	gu diofar
severance	sgaoileadh
severe	dona
severely	gu mòr
severity	tromachd
sew	sew
sewage	òtrachas
sewer	òtrachas
sewerage	òtrachas
sewing	a 'fuaigheal
sex	gnè
sexist	feise
sexual	gnèitheasach
sexuality	gnèitheachd
sexy	èibhinn
shabby	saoghail
shack	chas
shackle	geallan
shade	sgàilean
shades	sgàilean
shading	sgàileadh
shadow	sgàil
shadowy	sèididh
shady	clach
shaft	chas
shag	sèidse
shaggy	bòidheach
shake	crith
shakedown	shakedown
shaken	air a chrathadh
shaker	sneachda
shaking	a 'crathadh
shaky	sneachda
shall	bithidh
shallow	tana
shallows	caoraich
sham	sham
shaman	shaman
shambles	smeallan
shame	nàire
shamed	maorach
shameful	nàire
shameless	nàire
shampoo	shampoo
shanghai	shanghai
shank	shank
shanty	bratach
shape	cumadh
shapely	saoghail
shard	shard
share	roinn
shareholder	luchd-earrainn
sharing	roinn
shark	siorc
sharp	geur
sharpen	giùlan
sharpened	geur
sharpener	s an Iar-
sharpness	geur
sharpshooter	Ceangalaichean BBC
shatter	sgaradh
shattered	air a sgapadh
shattering	a 'briseadh
shave	sneachda
shaver	saoghail
shaving	a 'bearradh
shawl	shawl
sheaf	sguab
shear	cladhach
shears	caoraich
sheath	sheath
sheathing	sgoltadh
shed	seada
sheen	sheen
sheep	caoraich
sheepdog	caorach
sheepish	caoraich
sheer	sgaoileadh
sheet	duilleag
sheik	seic
shelf	sgeilp
shell	sligean
shellfish	maorach
shelling	sèididh
shelter	fasgadh
sheltered	fasgach
shelters	fasgadh
shelved	sgeilpichean
shepherd	cìobair
sherbet	sherbet
sheriff	siorraidh
sherry	seire
shield	sgiath
shift	shift
shifting	gluasad
shifty	shifty
shilling	tasdan
shimmer	shimmer
shimmering	sèididh
shimmy	shimmy
shin	shin
shindig	shindig
shine	shine
shiner	shiner
shingle	shingle
shining	a 'seinn
shiny	shiny
ship	bhàta
shipment	sgaoileadh
shipping	luingearachd
shipshape	taip shoithichean
shipwreck	long-bhriseadh
shipyard	gàrradh-shoithichean
shire	Siorrachd Inbhir Nis
shirt	lèine
shit	shit
shitday	NO TRANSLATION
shitfaced	shitfaced
shithead	shithead
shitless	shitless
shitload	shitload
shittest	NO TRANSLATION
shitty	shitty
shiver	sgaoileadh
shivering	sgaoileadh
shoals	brògan
shock	sguabadh
shocked	sàrachadh
shocker	uabhasach
shocking	iongantach
shockingly	uamhasach
shoddy	shoddy
shoe	bròg
shoelace	bròg
shoemaker	greusaiche
shoes	brògan
shoeshine	brògan
shook	chrath
shoot	saighdear
shooter	shooter
shooting	losgadh
shootout	tilgeil
shop	bùth
shopkeeper	bùth-bùtha
shoplifter	slat-bùtha
shoplifting	bùithtean
shopper	bùth-reic
shopping	bùithtean
shore	cladach
shoreline	cladach
shorn	shorn
short	geàrr
short story	sgeulachd ghoirid
shortage	gainnead
shortcake	geal
shortcoming	tinn
shortcut	shortcut
shorten	giorrachadh
shortening	giorrachadh
shorthand	làmh-sgrìobhaidh
shortly	goirid
shortness	gann
shorts	briogais
shortstop	sgiobalta
shortwave	geàrr-ghluasad
shot	saighdear
shotgun	gunna
shoulder	ghualainn
shout	èigh
shove	sgaoileadh
shovel	sluasaid
shoveling	sluasaid
show	sealltainn
showbiz	showbiz
showboat	taisbeanaidh
showcase	taisbeanadh
showdown	sgaoileadh
shower	frasair
showgirl	Seall an eachdraidh
showing	sealltainn
showoff	Raspars
showroom	seòmar taisbeanaidh
showy	seallaidh
shrapnel	shrapnel
shred	shred
shrew	shrew
shrewd	shrewd
shriek	shriek
shrill	sgillinn
shrimp	biodag
shrine	shrine
shrink	shrink
shrinking	a 'crìonadh
shrivel	brògan
shroud	shroud
shrub	sgoltadh
shrubbery	còmhdach
shrug	shrug
shrunk	s an Iar-
shrunken	sguabadh às
shudder	shudder
shuddering	sgaoileadh
shuffle	s an Iar-
shuffleboard	shuffleboard
shuffling	sgaoileadh
shun	shun
shunned	shunned
shunt	shunt
shut	dùin
shutdown	Dùin sìos
shuteye	NO TRANSLATION
shutit	NO TRANSLATION
shutter	còmhdach
shuttle	shuttle
shutup	NO TRANSLATION
shy	èibhinn
shyness	shyness
shyster	shyster
sib	NO TRANSLATION
sibling	sibling
sic	sic
sick	tinn
sickbay	bàn tinn
sicken	tinneas
sickening	tinneas
sickle	tinneas
sickly	tinn
sickness	tinneas
side	taobh
sidearm	taobh a-muigh
sidebar	barra-taobh
sideboard	air bord
sideburns	sgeirean taobh
sidecar	sidecar
sidekick	sidekick
sideline	sideline
sideshow	taobhan-taisbeanaidh
sidestep	taigheadas
sidewalk	taobh-cùil
sideways	taobh
sidewinder	taobh a-muigh
siege	sèist
siesta	siesta
sieve	criathar
sift	sift
sifting	sifting
sigh	sigh
sight	sealladh
sighting	coimhead
sightseeing	seallaidhean
sigma	sigma
sign	soidhne
signal	comharra
signature	ainm sgrìobhte
significance	cudromachd
significant	cudromach
signification	brìgh
signify	a 'ciallachadh
signpost	signpost
silence	sàmhach
silencer	silencer
silent	sàmhach
silently	sàmhach
silhouette	sgàil-dhealbh
silicon	silicon
silicone	silicone
silk	sìoda
silken	sionc
silky	sìoda
sill	sill
silliness	silliness
silly	gòrach
silo	silo
silt	slat
silver	airgead
silverware	bathar airgid
silvery	airgid
similar	coltach
similarity	coltach
simile	NO TRANSLATION
simmer	èigheachd
simmering	sèididh
simple	sìmplidh
simples	NO TRANSLATION
simpleton	sgaoileadh
simplicity	sìmplidh
simplify	sìmpleachadh
simplistic	sìmplidh
simply	dìreach
simulate	simulate
simulated	samhlaichte
simulating	a 'samhlachadh
simulation	samhlachadh
simulator	samhlaiche
simultaneous	aig an aon àm
simultaneously	aig an aon àm
sin	NO TRANSLATION
sincere	iongantach
sincerity	sìorrachdachd
sinful	peacach
sing	seinn
singer	seinneadair
singing	seinn
single	singilte
singly	singilte
singular	singilte
singularity	singilteachd
singularly	singilte
sinister	gun teagamh
sink	dol fodha
sinker	s an Iar-
sinking	dol fodha
sinner	pheacach
sinning	peacaich
sinus	sinus
sip	sip
siphon	siphon
sipping	sipping
sir	sir
sire	sire
siren	siren
sirloin	sirloin
sissy	sissy
sister	piuthar
sisterhood	piuthasachd
sit	suidhe
sitcom	sitcom
site	làrach
sith	sith
sitter	suidhe
sitting	suidhe
situate	sgaoileadh
situated	suidhichte
situation	suidheachadh
six	sia
sixpence	sia sgillinn
sixteen	sia-deug
sixth	an t-siathamh
sixty	seasgad
sizable	sizable
size	meud
sizzle	sizzle
ska	NO TRANSLATION
skate	sgiteadh
skateboard	bòrd-sgèile
skater	sgiatair
skating	sgeadachadh
skedaddle	skedaddle
skeet	skeet
skein	skein
skeletal	cèilidh
skeleton	craiceann
skeptic	sneachdaiche
skeptical	neo-chreidsinneach
skepticism	amharas
sketch	sgeidse
sketching	a 'breacadh
sketchy	snasail
skewed	sneachda
skewer	skewer
ski	sgith
skid	skid
skier	skier
skiff	sgiff
skiing	sgithidh
skijump	NO TRANSLATION
skill	sgil
skilled	sgileil
skillet	sgàil
skillful	sgileil
skim	sgim
skimpy	sgapaidh
skin	craiceann
skinny	craiceann
skip	skip
skipper	sgiobair
skirmish	strìoghan
skirt	sgiort
skirting	sgeadachadh
skirts	sgiortaidhean
skit	skit
skittish	sàmhach
skull	claigeann
skunk	skunk
sky	adhar
skylight	sneachda
skyline	sneachda
skyscraper	sgiobair
slab	leac
slack	slack
slag	slaig
slam	slam
slammer	slammer
slander	cràdh
slanderous	slanderous
slang	slang
slant	sgaoileadh
slap	slap
slash	slash
slashes	slashes
slate	sglèat
slates	sglèatan
slaughter	marbhadh
slaughterhouse	taigh-margaidh
slaughtering	a 'marbhadh
slave	tràill
slavery	tràilleachd
slay	marbh
slayer	slayer
sleaze	sgaoileadh
sleazy	sneachda
sled	NO TRANSLATION
sledding	sledding
sledge	sledge
sledgehammer	sgaoileadh
sleek	sneachda
sleep	cadal
sleeper	cadal
sleeping	cadal
sleepless	gun chadal
sleeplessness	chadal
sleepover	caol
sleepy	cadal
sleepyhead	a 'cadal
sleet	saoghail
sleeve	muinchill
sleeveless	Cha ghabh seo a chluich
sleigh	sleigh
sleight	sgaoileadh
slender	caol
sleuth	sleuth
slice	slice
slick	slick
slicker	slicker
slide	slide
slider	sleamhnag
sliding	sleamhnachadh
slight	beag
slight anticipation	sùileachadh beag
slight disgust	beagan dìomhaireachd
slight surprise	iongnadh beag
slight trust	beagan earbsa
slightly	beagan
slightly negative	beagan àicheil
slightly positive	beagan adhartach
slim	Caol
slime	slime
slimy	slimy
sling	sling
slingshot	slingshot
slink	slink
slinky	slinky
slip	sliochd
slipper	sliobair
slippers	slipers
slippery	sleamhainn
slit	slit
sliver	sliver
slob	slob
slobber	slobber
slogan	sluagh-ghairm
sloop	sloop
slop	NO TRANSLATION
slope	bruthach
sloppy	sloppy
slot	slot
sloth	sloth
slouch	slouch
slough	slough
slow	slaodach
slowly	gu slaodach
slowness	sàmhchair
sludge	slodaich
slug	slug
slugger	slugger
sluggish	sàmhach
sluice	sluice
slum	slum
slumber	slumber
slump	slump
slur	slur
slurp	slurp
slush	slush
slut	slut
slutty	slutty
sly	s an Iar-
smack	smack
small	beag
smaller	nas lugha
smallest	as lugha
smallpox	bhreac
smart	glic
smartass	smartass
smarten	smarten
smarty	smarty
smash	smash
smashed	sgaoileadh
smattering	sàmhach
smear	smear
smell	fàileadh
smelling	fàileadh
smelly	fàileadh
smelt	smelt
smidgen	smidgen
smile	gàire
smiled	gàire
smiles	gàire
smiley	gàire
smiling	gàire
smirk	smirk
smite	bualadh
smith	gobha
smithereens	smitheadairean
smitten	bratach
smock	smock
smog	smog
smoke	smocadh
smoker	smoker
smokey	smocach
smoking	smocadh
smoky	smocach
smoldering	smoldering
smooch	smooch
smooth	rèidh
smoothie	rèidhidh
smoothly	gu rèidh
smoothness	rèidh
smother	smother
smudge	sgaoileadh
smug	smug
smuggle	smuggle
smuggler	smùladair
smuggling	cùl-mhùtaireachd
smut	smut
snack	biadh beag
snacks	biadh
snafu	snafu
snag	snag
snags	sneachda
snail	snail
snake	nathair
snakes	nathraichean
snakeskin	snakeskin
snap	snap
snapper	snapper
snappy	saoghail
snapshot	dealbh
snare	ribe
snarl	snarl
snarling	snarling
snatch	snatch
snatcher	sneachda
snazzy	saoghail
sneak	sneak
sneaker	sneaker
sneakers	sneakers
sneaking	sneaking
sneaky	sneaky
sneer	sneer
sneeze	sneeze
sneezing	sruthadh
snicker	snicker
snide	snideadh
sniff	sniff
snip	snip
snipe	snipe
sniper	sniper
snippet	snippet
snippy	sgiobalta
snitch	snitch
snob	snob
snoop	snoop
snoopy	snoopy
snooty	snooty
snooze	snooze
snore	s an Iar-
snorkel	snorkel
snort	snort
snot	snot
snotty	sgaoileadh
snout	aodach
snow	sneachd
snowball	ball sneachda
snowboard	sneachda
snowboarder	bòrd-sneachda
snowday	Didòmhnaich
snowfall	sneachd
snowflake	còmhdach sneachda
snowing	sneachda
snowmageddon	sneachda
snowman	fear sneachda
snowplow	crann-sneachda
snowstorm	stoirm sneachda
snowy	sneachda
snub	snub
snubbed	sgaoileadh
snuff	snuff
snug	snug
snuggle	snuggle
snuggled	snuggled
snuggles	snuggles
snuggling	a 'snoggling
soak	sguabadh
soaked	sàmhach
soaking	sgaoileadh
soangry	NO TRANSLATION
soannoyed	NO TRANSLATION
soap	siabann
soapbox	bogsa siabann
soapy	siabann
soar	soar
soaring	àrdachadh
sob	NO TRANSLATION
sober	sober
soblessed	NO TRANSLATION
sobriety	sobriety
soc	soc
soccer	soccer
sociable	càirdeil
social	sòisealta
socialanxiety	NO TRANSLATION
socialism	sòisealachd
socialist	sòisealach
socialite	sòisealta
socialize	sònrachadh
society	saoghal
sociology	socio-eòlas
sociopath	sociopath
sock	socag
socket	socket
sod	sod
soda	soda
soda/pop	soda / pop
sodding	sodding
sodium	sodium
sofa	sòfa
soft	bog
softball	ball bog
soften	soften
softener	softener
softening	sàthadh
softly	gu math
softness	bogachd
software	bathar-bog
soggy	soggy
sohappy	cho toilichte
soil	ùir
soiled	sgaoileadh
soiree	soiree
sojourn	siubhal
solace	solais
solar	grèine
solarium	solarium
solder	solder
soldering	sèididh
soldier	saighdear
sole	mhàin
solemn	solemn
solicit	a dhìth
solicitation	iarrtas
solicitor	neach-lagha
solid	làidir
solidarity	dìlseachd
solidification	solarachadh
solidified	sgaoileadh
solidify	làidir
solidity	sàmhchair
solitaire	aonadan
solitary	aonaranach
solitude	aonaranachd
solo	aonar
solubility	sùbailteachd
soluble	iongantach
solucky	sàmhach
solution	fuasgladh
solve	fuasgladh
solvency	solmhachdachd
solvent	sàmhach
somad	NO TRANSLATION
somatic	s an Iar-
somber	gu leòr
some anticipation	beagan sùileachadh
some disgust	cuid de dhuais
some surprise	beagan iongnadh
some trust	beagan earbsa
somersault	aodach
somethingigetalot	NO TRANSLATION
somewhat negative	rudeigin àicheil
somewhat positive	rudeigin adhartach
somuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
son	mac
sonar	sonar
sonata	sonata
sonervous	NO TRANSLATION
song	òran
songwriter	sgrìobhadair òrain
sonic	sonic
sonice	NO TRANSLATION
sonnet	sonnet
sonorous	sonraichte
soot	sùith
soothe	sèid
soothing	sgaoileadh
sophisticated	soifiostaigeach
sophistication	sophistication
sophomore	sophomore
sopissed	NO TRANSLATION
soppy	soppy
soprano	soprano
sorcerer	sìthiche
sorcery	dragh
sordid	sordid
sore	sore
soready	soready
sorely	sneachda
soreness	tinneas
sorghum	sorghum
sorority	Sorority
sorrow	bròn
sorrowful	brònach
sorry	duilich
sort	seòrsachadh
sorter	NO TRANSLATION
sortie	NO TRANSLATION
sorting	a 'rèiteachadh
sos	NO TRANSLATION
soscared	sàbhaladh
soscary	seusgraidh
soslow	soslow
sostressed	NO TRANSLATION
sosweet	Cho milis
sothankful	NO TRANSLATION
sou	NO TRANSLATION
soul	anam
soulful	anam
soulless	gun anam
soulmate	anam
sound	fuaim
sounding	a 'fuaimneachadh
soundness	fuaim
soundproof	sgaoileadh
soundtrack	fuaim fuaim
soup	brot
sour	goirt
source	stòr
sourpuss	sourpuss
south	deas
southbound	a 'dol gu deas
southeast	dheas
southern	deas
southpaw	s an Ear-Dheas
southwest	dheas
souvenir	cuimhneachain
sovereign	uachdaranachd
sovereignty	uachdranas
soviet	soviet
sow	sow
soy	soy
soy sauce	sauce soith
soybean	soybean
spa	spà
space	àite
spacecraft	bàta-fànais
spaceman	Spàinntiche
spaceship	soitheach-fànais
spacing	farsaingeachd
spacious	mòr
spade	spaid
spaghetti	spaghetti
spam	spam
spammers	spammers
span	NO TRANSLATION
spandex	spandex
spaniel	spaniel
spank	spank
spanking	sgaoileadh
spar	spar
spare	sàmhach
spareribs	spareribs
sparingly	gu math tric
spark	spiorad
sparkle	sparkle
sparkling	snasail
sparkly	gu sgiobalta
sparring	sparring
sparrow	sparrow
sparse	gann
spasm	spasm
spastic	spastic
spat	spat
spatial	spàsail
spatter	spatter
spatula	spatula
spawn	sìolachadh
spaz	sgaoileadh
speak	bruidhinn
speakeasy	speakeasy
speaker	neach-labhairt
speakerphone	fòn-labhairt
speaking	bruidhinn
spear	sleagh
spec	sònrachadh
special	sònraichte
specialist	speisealaiche
speciality	sònraichte
specialize	NO TRANSLATION
specially	gu sònraichte
specialty	sònraichte
specie	NO TRANSLATION
species	gnèithean
specific	sònraichte
specification	sònrachadh
specify	sònraichibh
specimen	eisimpleir
speck	slat
speckled	sneachda
specs	seòrsaichean
spectacle	seallaidhean
spectacles	speuclairean
spectacular	iongantach
spectator	neach-amhairc
specter	seallaidh
spectral	seallaidhean
spectrometer	spectrometer
spectrophotometer	spectrophotometer
spectroscopy	spectroscopy
spectrum	speactram
speculate	beachdachadh
speculation	beachdachadh
speculative	sònrachadh
speculum	sònrachadh
speech	òraid
speechless	chan eil cainnt
speed	astar
speedboat	bata luath
speedily	gu luath
speeding	giùlan
speedometer	luas astair
speedway	sgaoileadh
speedy	luath
spell	litreachadh
spellbound	sireadh
spelling	litreachadh
spencer	spencer
spend	chaitheamh
spender	sealbhadair
spending	cosg
spent	air a chosg
sperm	sperm
spew	spew
sphere	farsaingeachd
spherical	spherical
sphincter	sphincter
sphinx	sphinx
spic	spic
spice	spìosraidh
spicy	spicy
spider	damhan-allaidh
spiders	damhain-allaidh
spiffy	spiffy
spigot	spigot
spike	spike
spiked	spiked
spiky	spiky
spill	dòirt
spillin	NO TRANSLATION
spin	spin
spinach	spionach
spinal	spinal
spindle	spindle
spine	spine
spineless	gun fhiosta
spinner	spinner
spinning	snìomh
spinster	spinster
spiny	spiny
spiral	spioradail
spire	spiorad
spirit	spiorad
spirited	saoghail
spirits	spioradan
spiritual	spioradail
spirituality	spioradalachd
spit	spit
spite	a dh'aindeoin
spiteful	èibhinn
spitfire	spitfire
spittoon	spittoon
splash	splash
splat	splat
splatter	splatter
spleen	spleen
splendid	eireachdail
splendor	bòidhchead
splice	splice
spline	spline
splint	splint
splinter	splinter
split	split
splitting	sgaradh
splurge	splurge
spoil	spoil
spoiler	spoiler
spoiling	a 'milleadh
spoils	cròilean
spoke	bruidhinn
spoken	air a labhairt
spokesman	neach-labhairt
spokesperson	neach-labhairt
sponge	spong
spongy	spongy
sponsor	sponsor
sponsorship	urrasachd
spontaneity	deònach
spontaneous	gu dòigheil
spoof	sgaoileadh
spook	sgaoileadh
spooky	sàmhach
spool	spool
spoon	spàin
spoonful	spàin
sporadic	sgaoileadh
spore	spòran
sport	spòrs
sporting	spòrs
sports	spòrs
sports car	càr spòrs
sportsman	spòrs
sportsmanship	spòrs spòrs
sportswriter	sgrìobhadair spòrs
sporty	spòrs
spot	spot
spotless	gun spot
spotlight	sònrachadh
spotted	faicinn
spotter	spotter
spotty	spotty
spousal	spousal
spouse	cèile
spout	spout
sprain	sprain
sprawl	sprawl
spray	spraeadh
spread	sgaoileadh
spreader	sgaoileadh
spree	spree
spring	an earraich
springtime	an earrach
sprinkle	crathadh
sprinkler	sprinkler
sprinkling	a 'crathadh
sprint	sprint
sprite	sprite
sprout	saoghail
spruce	spruce
spud	spud
spunk	spunk
spunky	spunky
spur	spur
spurious	spurious
spurred	sgaoileadh
spurt	spurt
spy	spy
squabble	squabble
squad	squad
squadron	squadron
squall	squall
squamous	squamous
squander	fuasgladh
square	ceàrnagach
squash	squash
squat	sgaoileadh
squatter	sèididh
squaw	squaw
squawk	squawk
squeak	squeak
squeaky	squeaky
squeal	squeal
squealer	smealer
squeamish	squeamish
squeeze	briseadh
squeezing	fàgail
squelch	sgaoileadh
squid	squid
squint	sgaoileadh
squire	squire
squirm	squirm
squirrel	feòrag
squirt	squirt
squish	squish
squishy	èibhinn
stab	stuic
stabbed	sgaoileadh
stability	seasmhachd
stabilize	seasmhach
stabilizer	stàlaichear
stable	stàball
staccato	staccato
stack	stack
stadium	stadium
staff	luchd-obrach
stag	damh
stage	ìre
stagecoach	àrdachadh
stagehand	stagehand
stagger	stagger
staggering	sabaid
stagnant	stagnant
stagnation	stagnation
staid	staid
stain	stain
stained	daonnan
stainless	stainless
stair	staidhre
staircase	staidhre
stairs	staidhre
stairway	staidhre
stairwell	staidhre
stake	sgaoileadh
stakeout	sgaoileadh
stale	stale
stalemate	sneachda
stalk	stalk
stalker	stalcair
stall	stall
stallion	stall
stalls	stallaichean
stalwart	stalwart
stamina	stamina
stamp	stampa
stampede	stampa
stance	seasamh
stand	seasamh
standard	àbhaisteach
standardize	àbhaisteach
standardized	àbhaisteach
standby	Bi feitheamh
standing	seasamh
standoff	s an Iar-
standpoint	seasamh
standstill	seasamh
standup	Seas
stanza	rann
staph	staph
staple	staple
stapler	stapler
star	rionnag
star fruit	measan rionnag
starboard	rionnag
starch	starch
stardom	stardom
stardust	stardust
stare	spleuchd
starfish	crosgagan
stargazing	stargazing
staring	sàmhach
stark	stark
starlet	starlet
starlight	seallaidhean rionnag
starling	starling
starry	starry
stars	reultan
starship	sgaoileadh
start	tòiseachadh
starter	tòiseachadh
startle	trang
startled	air thoiseach
startling	sìorraidh
starvation	ann an cunnart
starve	caoidh
starved	dona
starving	caoidh
stash	stash
stat	stat
state	stàite
stately	sàmhach
statement	aithris
stateroom	stateroom
stateside	sgaoileadh
statesman	neach-stàite
static	stoidhle
staticky	NO TRANSLATION
statics	statics
station	stèisean
stationary	stad
stationery	pàipearachd
statistic	staitistig
statistical	staitistigeil
statistician	staitistig
stator	stator
statuary	ìomhaigh
statue	ìomhaigh
statuette	stàit
stature	inbhe
status	inbhe
statute	reachd
statutory	reachdail
staunch	dona
stave	stave
stay	fuireach
stayaway	NO TRANSLATION
stayed	fuireach
stays	fuireach
stead	àite
steadfast	seasmhach
steady	coimeasach
steak	staoig
steakhouse	steakhouse
steal	steal
stealing	a 'goid
stealth	stàite
stealthily	saoghail
stealthy	stallach
steam	steam
steamboat	bàta-smùide
steamer	bàta-smùide
steaming	siubhal
steamroller	steamroller
steamship	bàta-smùide
steamy	steamy
steel	stàilinn
steep	cas
steeple	steeple
steer	stiùir
steering	stiùireadh
stellar	stellar
stem	giùlan
stench	stench
stencil	stencil
stenographer	sgeulaiche
step	ceum
stepdaughter	nighinn
stepfather	athair-athar
stepmother	muime
steppe	ceum
steps	ceumannan
stepson	dalta
stereo	stereo
stereoscopic	stereoscopic
stereotype	stereotype
stereotyped	s an Ear-Dheas
sterile	sterile
sterility	duilich
sterilize	sterilize
sterling	sterling
stern	sgaoileadh
sternum	sternum
steroid	steroid
stethoscope	stethoscope
stew	stew
steward	stiùbhard
stewardess	stiùbhard
stewardship	stiùbhardachd
stfu	stfu
stick	bata
sticker	stiogair
sticking	a 'gèilleadh
stickler	stuic
stickup	gàirdeanan
sticky	glic
stiff	stiff
stiffen	stiffen
stiffness	duilgheadas
stifle	stifle
stifled	stifled
stifling	stifling
stigma	stigma
stile	NO TRANSLATION
stiletto	stiletto
stillbirth	marbh-bhreith
stillborn	a tha fhathast beò
stillness	seasmhachd
stillwaiting	NO TRANSLATION
stilts	stilts
stimulant	brosnachadh
stimulate	brosnachadh
stimulating	beòthail
stimulation	brosnachadh
stimulus	brosnachadh
sting	sgoltadh
stinger	stinger
stinging	sgoltadh
stingy	stingy
stink	stink
stinker	stinker
stinking	sàmhach
stinky	stinky
stint	sgaoileadh
stipend	stipend
stipulate	stipulate
stipulation	suidheachadh
stir	stir
stirring	a 'gluasad
stitch	stitch
stitching	a 'fuaigheal
stock	stoc
stockade	stuic
stockbroker	bròcair stoc
stockholder	sealbhadair
stocking	stocadh
stockings	stocainnean
stockpile	cruinneachadh
stockroom	seòmar-stoc
stocks	stoc
stoic	s an Iar-
stole	ghoid
stolen	air a ghoid
stomach	stamag
stomachache	stamag goirt
stomp	stomp
stomped	stomped
stone	clach
stoned	air a chlach
stonewall	balla cloiche
stoneware	bathar cloiche
stony	stony
stooge	steoge
stool	stòl
stools	stòl
stoop	stuic
stoopid	a dh 'fhalbh
stop	stad
stopover	staidhre
stoppage	stad
stopper	stad
stopping	stad
stopwatch	stad-faire
storage	stòradh
store	stòr
storefront	stòiridh
storehouse	taigh-stòir
storeroom	stòr
storing	stòradh
storm	stoirm
storming	s an Iar-
stormy	stoirmeil
story	sgeulachd
storybook	leabhar sgeulachdan
storyteller	seanchaidh
storytelling	sgeulachdan
stound	sneachda
stout	stout
stove	stòbha
stow	stow
stowaway	stowaway
straddle	saoghail
straight	dìreach
straighten	dìreach
straightforward	dìreach
straightway	dìreach
strain	strain
strained	sneachda
strait	caolas
straitjacket	cruaidh-chasach
straits	sreathan
strand	sruth
stranded	sneachda
strange	neònach
stranger	coigreach
strangle	strangle
strangulation	strangulation
strap	strap
strapless	strapless
strapping	sgoltadh
strata	strata
strategic	ro-innleachdail
strategist	strategist
strategy	ro-innleachd
stratification	stratification
stratosphere	stratosphere
stratum	stratum
stratus	stratus
straw	connlach
strawberry	sùbh-fraoich
stray	sìorraidh
streak	streak
streaked	sneachda
stream	sruth
streamer	sgaoileadh
streaming	sruthadh
streamline	sgioblachadh
street	sràid
streetcar	sràid-rathaid
streetlight	solas sràide
strength	neart
strengthen	neartachadh
strengthening	neartachadh
strenuous	neònach
strep	strep
stress	cuideam
stressed	cuideam
stresses	cuideam
stressfree	NO TRANSLATION
stressful	cuideam
stressin	NO TRANSLATION
stressing	a 'cur cuideam air
stressrelief	NO TRANSLATION
stretch	sreathan
stretcher	sreathan
stricken	air a bhualadh
strict	teann
stride	strì
strife	strì
strike	stailc
strikeout	sgaoileadh
striker	stailc
striking	stoidhle
strikingly	snasail
string	sreang
strings	strings
stringy	sneachda
strip	stiall
stripe	stripe
striped	stiallach
stripped	sgaoileadh
stripper	stripper
striptease	stiallan
strive	strì
strobe	strobe
stroke	stròc
stroll	seinn
stroller	stroller
strolling	seinn
strong	làidir
stronghold	daingneachd
strongly	gu làidir
structural	structarach
structure	structar
strudel	strudel
struggle	strì
strut	strut
stub	stub
stubbed	saoghail
stubble	stubble
stubborn	dùr
stubbornness	gàire
stubby	s an Iar-
stucco	stucco
stuck	stad
stuckup	NO TRANSLATION
stud	gèam
studded	s an Iar-
student	oileanach
studied	sgrùdadh
studio	stiùidio
study	sgrùdadh
stuff	stuth
stuffed animal	beathach air a lìonadh
stuffing	a 'lìonadh
stuffy	stoidhle
stumble	tuiteam
stump	stump
stumped	sgaoileadh
stun	stun
stunned	sguabadh às
stunner	stunner
stunning	iongantach
stunt	stunt
stunted	stunted
stuntman	stuntman
stupefaction	stupefaction
stupefy	èibhinn
stupendous	èibhinn
stupid	stupid
stupidity	stupidity
stupidpeople	NO TRANSLATION
stupidrain	NO TRANSLATION
stupor	stupor
sturdy	sturdy
sturgeon	sturgeon
stutter	stutter
sty	sty
style	stoidhle
styling	styling
stylish	stylish
stylist	stylist
suave	sàmhach
sub	fo
subatomic	subatomic
subcommittee	fo-chomataidh
subconscious	subconscious
subcutaneous	sneachda
subdivide	fo-roinn
subdivision	fo-roinn
subduction	gearain
subdue	s an Iar-
subdued	sgaoileadh
subdural	subdural
subito	NO TRANSLATION
subject	cuspair
subjected	fo ùmhlachd
subjection	subjection
subjective	Cuspair
subjugation	subjugation
sublet	sublet
sublevel	sublevel
sublimation	sublimation
sublime	sgaoileadh
subliminal	sgaoileadh
submarine	submarine
submerge	submerge
submerged	submerged
submersible	sneachda
submission	iarrtas
submissive	mì-thoilichte
submit	cuir a-steach
submitting	a 'cur a-steach
subordinate	subordinate
subordination	subordination
subplot	s an Iar-
subpoena	s an Iar-
subscribe	subscribe
subscriber	sub-sgrìobhaiche
subscription	subscription
subsequence	an dèidh sin
subsequent	às dèidh sin
subsequently	às dèidh sin
subservient	sgaoileadh
subset	subset
subside	sgaoileadh
subsidence	sgaoileadh
subsidiary	fo-chompanaidh
subsidize	subsadaidh
subsidy	subsadaidh
subsist	subsist
subsistence	subsistence
subsoil	fo-thalamh
subspace	subpace
substance	stuth
substandard	fo-ìre
substantial	susbainteach
substantially	gu mòr
substantiate	dearbhaich
substantive	làidir
substation	fo-thalamh
substitute	àiteach
substituted	ainmichte
substitution	àiteachadh
substructure	fo-structar
subterranean	subterranean
subtext	subtext
subtitle	fo-thiotalan
subtle	subtle
subtlety	beannachadh
subtract	toirt air falbh
subtraction	toirt air falbh
subtype	fo-sgrìobhadh
suburb	iomall
suburban	fo-bhailtean
suburbia	iomall
suburbs	fo-bhailtean
subversion	subversion
subversive	subversive
subvert	sneachda
subway	subway
succeed	soirbheachadh
succeeding	a 'leantainn
success	soirbheachadh
successful	soirbheachail
succession	leantainneachd
successive	às deidh sin
successor	as dèidh sin
succinct	mionaideach
succubus	succubus
succulent	sòghail
succumb	sneachda
suck	tarraing
sucker	siùcair
sucking	a 'tarraing
suckling	a 'suathadh
sucks	s an Iar-
suction	sguabadh
sudden	gu h-obann
suddenly	gu h-obann
suds	suds
sue	cùis-lagha
suede	suede
suffer	fulang
sufferer	fulangach
suffering	fulangas
suffice	gu leòr
sufficiency	fallaineachd
sufficient	gu leòr
sufficiently	gu leòr
suffix	suffix
suffocate	a 'bleith
suffocating	a 'bleith
suffocation	fulang
sugar	siùcar
suggest	moladh
suggestion	moladh
suggestive	moladh
suicidal	suicidal
suicide	fèin-mharbhadh
suicidebombing	NO TRANSLATION
suit	deise
suitable	freagarrach
suitcase	màileid
suite	seòmar
suitor	s an Iar-
sulfate	sulfate
sulfur	sulfur
sulk	sulk
sullen	sullen
sully	sully
sulphur	sulfur
sultan	sultan
sultry	sultry
sum	suim
summarily	gu crìch
summarize	geàrr-chunntas
summary	geàrr-chunntas
summation	crìochan
summer	samhradh
summerhouse	taigh samhraidh
summertime	samhradh
summit	mullach
summon	gairm
summons	gairm
sumo	sumo
sump	sump
sumptuous	èibhinn
sun	ghrian
sunbeam	sgaoileadh
sunburn	losgadh grèine
sundae	sundae
sunday	Didòmhnaich
sundial	sundial
sundown	sundown
sundry	iomadach
sunflower	lus na grèine
sunglass	sneachda
sunglasses	sneachda
sunk	sgaoileadh
sunken	air a bhriseadh
sunless	gun ghrian
sunlight	solas na grèine
sunny	Sgòthan geala
sunrise	dol fodha na grèine
sunroof	s an Iar-
sunscreen	grèine grèine
sunset	dol fodha na grèine
sunshine	ghrian
suntan	suntan
sunup	sgaoileadh
sup	s an Iar-
super	super
superannuation	peinnsean
superb	iongantach
superficial	superficial
superfluous	superfluous
superhero	superhero
superhuman	superhuman
superimposed	air a chumadh
superintendent	àrd-neach-stiùiridh
superior	nas fheàrr
superiority	àrdachadh
superlative	saoghail
superman	superman
supermarket	mòr-bhùth
supermodel	supermodel
supernatant	seann-chasach
supernatural	os-nàdarra
supernova	supernova
superposition	àrdachadh
superpower	superpower
supersede	àite eile
superstar	sàr-rionnag
superstition	saobh-chràbhadh
superstitious	saobh-chràbhach
superstore	àrd-stòr
supervise	stiùireadh
supervision	stiùireadh
supervisor	stiùiriche
supper	suipear
suppertime	ùine shuas
supplant	ath-shuidheachadh
supple	àrdachadh
supplement	a bharrachd
supplemental	a bharrachd
supplementary	a bharrachd
supplication	athchuinge
supplier	solaraiche
supplies	solarachaidhean
supply	solarachadh
support	taic
supported	taic
supporter	neach-taice
supporters	luchd-taic
supporting	taic
supportive	taiceil
suppose	tha e coltach
supposed	air a ràdh
supposing	a 'smaoineachadh
supposition	s an Iar-
suppress	sguabadh às
suppression	sguabadh às
supremacy	àrd-uachdar
supreme	uamhasach
supremely	gu h-àrd
surcharge	iomagain
sure	cinnteach
surety	saoghail
surf	surf
surface	uachdar
surfboard	clàr surf
surfer	surfer
surge	sruth
surgeon	lannsair
surgery	lannsaireachd
surgical	ceàrdach
surly	saoghail
surmise	s an Iar-
surname	sloinneadh
surpassing	a 'dol thairis air
surplus	còrr
surprise	iongnadh
surprised	iongnadh
surprises	iongnadh
surprising	iongnadh
surprisingly	iongnadh
surreal	surreal
surrender	gèilleadh
surrendering	gèilleadh
surrogate	sgaoileadh
surround	timcheall
surrounding	mun cuairt
surroundings	mun cuairt
surveillance	faireachadh
survey	sgrùdadh
surveying	sgrùdadh
surveyor	neach-tomhais
survival	mairsinn
survive	maireann beò
surviving	a mhaireas
survivor	a mhaireas beò
susceptibility	susceptibility
susceptible	susceptible
sushi	sushi
suspect	amharas
suspected	amharas
suspend	stad
suspended	crochte
suspenders	ceangalaichean
suspense	suspense
suspension	sgaoileadh
suspicion	amharas
suspicions	amharas
suspicious	amharasach
sustain	cumail suas
sustained	seasmhach
sustenance	bothain
suture	sèididh
suv	suv
sux	NO TRANSLATION
swab	swab
swag	swag
swagger	swagger
swallow	swallow
swami	swami
swamp	bog
swamped	sgaoileadh
swampy	sneachda
swan	eala
swank	bratach
swap	suaip
swarm	swarm
swarming	sgaoileadh
swastika	s an Iar-
swat	sneachda
sway	sway
swear	mionnachadh
swearing	mionnachadh
sweat	siud
sweater	geansaidh
sweating	sweating
sweatshirt	sweatshirt
sweatshop	sgaoileadh
sweaty	sgaoileadh
sweep	sguab
sweeper	sguabadh
sweeping	sgaoileadh
sweet	bòidheach
sweeten	milis
sweetened	mionnachadh
sweetener	milisair
sweetest	bòidheach
sweetheart	leannan
sweetie	sweetie
sweetness	mionnachd
sweets	siùcairean
swell	swell
swelling	swelling
sweltering	sèididh
swerve	sgaoileadh
swift	gu luath
swiftly	gu luath
swig	cig
swill	snàmh
swim	a 'snàmh
swimmer	snàmhaiche
swimming	snàmh
swimsuit	seòmar snàmh
swindle	sèididh
swindler	sneachda
swine	muc
swing	swing
swinger	sneachda
swinging	ag atharrachadh
swipe	sèididh
swirl	gàire
swish	sèididh
switch	atharrachadh
switchblade	atharrachadh
switchboard	bòrd-iomlaid
swivel	iomall
swollen	a 'cluinntinn
swoon	sgaoileadh
swoop	swoop
sword	claidheamh
swordfish	iasg claidheamh
swordplay	cluich claidheamh
swordsman	claidheamh
sycamore	scamore
syllable	sgaoileadh
syllabus	clàr-obrach
symbiotic	sgaoileadh
symbol	samhla
symbolic	samhlachail
symbolically	samhlachail
symbolism	samhlaidheachd
symbolize	a 'samhlachadh
symmetric	co-chothromach
symmetrical	co-chothromach
symmetry	chothromachd
sympathetic	co-fhaireachdainn
sympathize	co-fhaireachdainn
sympathy	co-fhaireachdainn
symphonic	sgaoileadh
symphony	symphony
symposium	co-labhairt
symptom	symptom
symptomatic	samhlachail
synagogue	sionagog
synapse	synapse
synaptic	synaptic
sync	sync
synchronize	sioncronaich
synchronous	sioncronaichte
syncope	syncope
syndicate	sgaoileadh
syndrome	syndrome
synergistic	eadar-riaghailteach
synergy	co-obrachadh
synod	sionod
synonym	co-fhacal
synonymous	synonymous
synopsis	geàrr-iomradh
synoptic	sionoptic
syntax	co-rèiteachadh
synthesis	sgaoileadh
synthesizer	sgaoileadh
synthetic	sgaoileadh
syphilis	sphilis
syringe	syringe
syrup	syrup
system	siostam
systematic	riaghailteach
systematically	gu riaghailteach
t-shirt	lèine-t
tab	tab
tabasco	tabasco
tabby	sgaoileadh
tabernacle	pàilliun
table	clàr
tableau	NO TRANSLATION
tablecloth	èideadh-bùird
tablespoon	lobhs-bùird
tablet	Clàr
tableware	bòrd
tabloid	tabloid
taboo	taboo
tabular	tabular
tabulate	tabulate
tabulation	tabhartas
tachometer	tachometer
tacit	s an Iar-
tack	ionnsaigh
tackle	ionnsaigh
tackled	dèiligeadh ris
tackling	dol an sàs
tacky	tubaist
taco	taco
tact	tact
tactful	deònach
tactic	tactic
tactical	innleachdach
tactics	innleachdan
tactile	sneachda
tad	NO TRANSLATION
tadpole	tadpole
taffeta	taffeta
taffy	taffy
tag	tag
tail	earball
tailed	tailed
tailgate	geata earbaill
tailings	earrainnean
taillight	s an Ear-Dheas
tailor	tàillear
tailoring	tàillearachd
tailpipe	pìob earball
taint	taint
take	gabh
takeoff	Thoir dhìot
takeout	Thoir a-mach
takeover	Gabh thairis
taker	chiad sreath
talcum	talcum
tale	sgeulachd
talent	tàlant
talented	tàlantach
talisman	an t-sasannach
talk	bruidhinn
talkative	bruidhinn
talker	òraidiche
tall	àrd
tallies	tallies
tallow	sneachda
tally	Clàr
talon	s an Iar-
talons	NO TRANSLATION
tambourine	tambourine
tame	NO TRANSLATION
tamer	tàirnear
taming	tubaist
tamper	tamper
tampon	tampon
tan	tan
tandem	tandem
tang	tang
tangent	tangent
tangerine	tangerine
tangible	faicsinneach
tangle	tangle
tangled	tangled
tango	tango
tank	tanca
tank top	bàrr tanca
tanker	tancair
tanned	air an cuartachadh
tantalizing	sgaoileadh
tantamount	co-ionnan
tantrum	tantrum
taoism	taoism
tap	tap
tape	teip
tape measure	tomhas teip
taper	taper
tapering	sgaoileadh
tapestry	grèis-bhrat
tapeworm	teas-thìrich
tapioca	tapioca
taps	tapan
tar	tarra
tarantula	tarantula
tardiness	tardiness
tardy	deuchainn
target	targaid
targeted	cuimsichte
targeting	ag amas air
tariff	tariff
tarmac	tarmac
tarnish	tarnish
tarot	tarot
tarp	NO TRANSLATION
tarry	tarry
tart	tart
tartan	tartan
tartar	tartar
task	obair
tassel	tassel
taste	blasad
tasteful	blasad
tasteless	gun blas
tasting	blasad
tasty	blasda
tat	tat
tattler	buntàta
tattletale	tattletale
tattoo	tatù
taught	teagasg
taunt	miannachadh
taupe	taupe
taut	taut
tavern	tavern
tawdry	tawdry
tawny	tawny
tax	cìs
taxed	cìs
taxi	tacsaidh
taxicab	sgaoileadh
taxonomy	sgaoileadh
taxpayer	pàighidh cìse
tea	tì
teach	teagasg
teacher	tidsear
teaching	teagasg
teacup	teacup
teahouse	teahouse
teal	teal
team	sgioba
teamjesus	NO TRANSLATION
teammate	sgioba sgioba
teamwork	obair-sgioba
teapot	teapot
tear	deòir
tearful	tearful
tearsofjoy	NO TRANSLATION
teary	teary
tease	sgaoileadh
teaser	teaser
teasing	sgaoileadh
teaspoon	teaspoon
teat	teat
teatime	sgaoileadh
tech	tech
technical	teicnigeach
technicality	teicnigeach
technician	teicneòlas
technique	teicnigeach
techno	teicneòlas
technological	teicneòlasach
technology	teicneòlas
ted	ted
teddy bear	Mathan teadaidh
tedious	tedious
tedium	tedium
tee	tee
teeming	sgaoileadh
teen	sgaoileadh
teenage	deugaire
teenager	deugaire
teens	deugairean
teensy	deugairean
teeny	deasaich an tùs]
teeth	fiaclan
teething	sgaoileadh
teflon	teflon
telegram	telegram
telegraph	teileagraf
telekinesis	telekinesis
telemetry	telemetry
telepathic	telepathic
telepathy	telepathy
telephone	fòn
telescope	teileasgop
telescopic	telescopic
telethon	telethon
teletype	teletype
televised	air a telebhisean
television	telebhisean
tell	innis
teller	neach-aithris
telling	ag innse
telltale	aithris
temp	tubaist
temper	s an Iar-
tempera	s an Iar-
temperament	mealladh
temperamental	mìorbhaileach
temperance	stuamachd
temperate	fionnaidh
temperature	teòthachd
tempered	air a thomhas
tempest	sìde
template	teamplaid
temple	teampall
tempo	NO TRANSLATION
temporal	ùineail
temporarily	ùine ghoirid
temporary	sealach
tempt	smuainteachadh
temptation	buairidh
tempting	smuaintean
temptress	bana-bhuidseach
ten	deich
tenable	gabhaltach
tenacious	dìcheallach
tenacity	dìomhaireachd
tenancy	gabhaltas
tenant	neach-gabhail
tend	clachan
tendency	claidheamh
tender	tairgse
tenderfoot	tairgse
tenderness	tinneasachd
tending	a 'feitheamh
tendon	sgaoileadh
tenement	teanamaint
tenet	s an Iar-
tenets	cùmhnantan
tenfold	deich fichead
tennis	teanas
tenor	tenor
tense	mì-shaorsainneil
tensile	cuibhleachadh
tension	teannachadh
tent	teanta
tentacle	tentacle
tentative	deuchainn
tenth	an deicheamh
tenths	deicheamh
tenuous	gu dearbh
tenure	gabhaltas
tepee	tepee
tepid	tepid
tequila	tequila
teriyaki	teriyaki
term	ùine
terminal	crìochnachadh
terminate	crìochnachadh
termination	crìochnachadh
terminator	crìochan
terminology	briathrachas
terminus	ceann-uidhe
termite	ùine
terms	teirmean
tern	tern
ternary	ternary
terrace	barraid
terrain	talamh
terrestrial	tìreil
terrible	uabhasach
terribly	gu mòr
terrier	eagal
terrific	uabhasach math
terrified	eagal
terrifies	tàirneagan
terrify	eagalach
terrifying	eagalach
territorial	tìreil
territory	dùthaich
terror	eagal
terrorism	uamhasachd
terrorist	ceannairc
terrorists	ceannaircich
terrorize	eagal
terse	Tìr
tertiary	treas ìre
test	deuchainn
testament	deuchainn
testicle	deuchainn
testicular	deuchainn
testify	dearbhaich
testimonial	teisteanas
testimony	teisteanas
testosterone	testosterone
testy	NO TRANSLATION
tetanus	glas-dheud
tether	tether
tethered	sgaoileadh
tetrahedral	tetrahedral
text	teacs
textbook	leabhar teacsa
textile	aodach
textural	aodach
texture	uidheamachd
tgif	tgif
thank	taing
thankful	taingeil
thankgod	taingealachd
thanking	a 'toirt taing dha
thankless	mì-thoilichte
thanks	mòran taing
thanksalot	NO TRANSLATION
thanksgiving	buidheachas
thankyougod	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoujesus	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoulord	NO TRANSLATION
thatch	tughadh
thatmoment	NO TRANSLATION
thaumaturgy	thaumaturgy
thaw	thaw
theater	dràma
theatrical	dràma
theatrics	theatrics
thebest	As fheàrr
theft	goid
theism	sgaoileadh
theistic	sgaoileadh
thelife	am beatha
thelittlethings	NO TRANSLATION
theme	cuspair
theocracy	theocracy
theocratic	an-diugh
theologian	diadhachd
theological	diadhachd
theology	diadhachd
theorem	teòirim
theoretical	teòiridheach
theory	teòiridh
therapeutic	teirpeach
therapeutics	cleasachd
therapist	leigheas
therapy	leigheas
thereabouts	ann
thereof	de
therewith	leis
thermal	teirmeach
thermocouple	thermocouple
thermodynamics	thermodynamics
thermometer	thermometer
thermos	thermos
thermostat	teirmostat
thesaurus	s an t-seusan
thesis	tràchdas
thick	tiubh
thicken	sneachda
thickening	tigheadachadh
thicket	sneachda
thickness	tighead
thief	mèirleach
thigh	sliasaid
thimble	gluais
thin	tana
thing	rud
things	rudan
thingy	rudeigin
think	smaoineachadh
thinker	smaoineachadh
thinking	smaoineachadh
third	an treas
thirds	trian
thirst	tart
thirsty	tartmhor
thirteen	trì-deug
thirteenth	an trì-deugamh
thirty	trithead
thistle	cluaran
thither	thither
thong	thong
thorn	thorn
thorny	sgithidh
thorough	iomlan
thoroughbred	s an Iar-
thoroughfare	slighe
thought	smaoineachadh
thoughtful	smuainteach
thoughtfulness	smuaintean
thoughtless	gun bheachd
thoughts	smuaintean
thousand	mìle
thrash	thrash
thread	snàthainn
threat	bagairt
threaten	bagairt
threatened	bagairt
threatening	bagairt
three	trì
threefold	trì-fhillte
threesome	treesome
thresh	thresh
threshold	stairsnich
thrice	trì uairean
thrift	Tìr
thrifty	sgaoileadh
thrill	tlachd
thrilled	air leth toilichte
thriller	smeòrach
thrilling	sgaoileadh
thrive	soirbheachadh
thriving	soirbheach
throat	amhach
throb	throb
throbbing	a 'sireadh
throes	throes
throne	rìgh-chathair
throng	sluagh
throttle	throttle
throw	tilgeil
throwback	tilleadh
thrower	tilgeadair
thrown	a thilgeil
thrush	smeòrach
thrust	sgoltadh
thruster	sreapadair
thud	thud
thug	thug
thumb	òrd
thumbprint	òrdag-òrdugh
thump	thump
thumper	s an Iar-
thumping	sgoltadh
thunder	tàirneanach
thunderbolt	thunderbolt
thunderclap	tàirneag
thundering	tàirneadh
thunderstorm	Frasan tàirneanaich
thunderstruck	thunderstruck
thwart	stad
thx	thx
thyme	aodach
thyroid	thyroid
tiara	tiara
tibia	tibia
tic	tic
tick	cuir tic
ticked	tic
ticker	ticead
ticket	tiocaid
tickle	cuir diog
tickled	air an diogadh
ticklish	ticeil
tidal	làn-mara
tidal wave	tonn mara
tidbit	tidbit
tide	làn
tidings	sgeul
tidy	sgiobalta
tie	tie
tier	sèine
tiff	tiff
tiger	tìgear
tighten	tighten
tightness	tightness
tightrope	s an Iar-
tights	rionnagan
tilde	tilde
tile	leac
tiling	tiling
till	NO TRANSLATION
tillage	tillage
tiller	tiller
tilt	tilt
tilting	sneachda
timber	fiodh
timberland	Timberland
timbre	tìm
time	ùine
timeless	gun ùine
timeliness	ùine
timely	ùine
timeout	A 'gabhail fois
timepiece	ùine
timer	timer
times	amannan
timetable	clàr-ama
timewasters	NO TRANSLATION
timid	thìde
timidity	ùineachd
timing	ùine
tin	NO TRANSLATION
tincture	tinneas
tine	NO TRANSLATION
tinfoil	tinfoil
tinge	tinge
tingle	tingle
tingling	sèididh
tinker	sneachda
tinkering	sneachda
tinkle	NO TRANSLATION
tinkling	ag èigheach
tinnitus	tinnitus
tinsel	tinsel
tint	tint
tiny	beag
tip	tip
tipper	Tìr
tipster	tipster
tipsy	s an Iar-
tiptoe	bualadh
tirade	caoidh
tire	teine
tired	sgìth
tiredness	sgìth
tiredofit	NO TRANSLATION
tireless	gun stad
tiresome	neònach
tiring	sàmhach
tissue	feòil
tistheseason	NO TRANSLATION
tit	cait
titan	titan
titanic	titanic
titanium	titanium
tithe	deicheamh
title	tiotal
titled	sgaoileadh
titty	teth
titular	NO TRANSLATION
toad	buidheag
toast	toast
toaster	tostair
toasty	aodach
tobacco	tombaca
toby	a-mach
tod	tod
today	an-diugh
toddler	pàiste
toe	dannsa
toenail	toenail
toffee	tofaidh
tofu	tofu
toga	NO TRANSLATION
together	còmhla
togetherness	còmhla
toil	toil
toilet	taigh beag
toils	toilean
token	comharradh
tolerable	fulangach
tolerance	tolerance
tolerant	fulangach
tolerate	fulang
toleration	toleration
toll	cìs
tomahawk	tomahawk
tomato	tomato
tomatoes	tomatoes
tomb	uaigh
tombstone	leac-uaighe
tomcat	tomcat
tome	Dhòmhsa
tomorrow	a-màireach
ton	NO TRANSLATION
tone	tòna
toner	toner
tong	NO TRANSLATION
tongs	clobha
tongue	cànan
tonic	tonic
tonnage	tonnage
tonsils	tonsils
toocold	NO TRANSLATION
tool	inneal
toolbox	bogsa-inneal
tooling	cleachdadh
toomuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
toot	toot
tooth	fiacail
toothache	toothache
toothbrush	brus dannsa
toothed	aodach
toothless	gun fhiaclan
toothpaste	pas dannsa
toothpick	bocan fiaclair
toots	toots
top	mullach
topaz	topaz
topic	cuspair
topical	sgaoileadh
topless	àrd-ìre
topographic	topographic
topographical	topographical
topography	topography
topple	bàrr
topside	taobh a-muigh
tor	tor
torch	lòchran
torment	torment
tormented	air am pianadh
torn	sgoltadh
tornado	tornado
torpedo	torpedo
torque	torc
torrent	torrach
torrid	tòrrach
torsion	torsion
torso	torso
tort	cràdh
tortious	èibhinn
tortoise	turtachd
tortuous	èibhinn
torture	cràdh
tortured	air a chràdh
toss	tilgeil
tot	NO TRANSLATION
total	iomlan
totality	iomlanachd
totally	gu h-iomlan
tote	tote
totem	iomlan
touch	sgaoileadh
touchdown	touchdown
touched	bhean
touching	sgaoileadh
touchy	sgaoileadh
tough	cruaidh
toughen	sgaoileadh
toughness	cruaidh
toupee	toupee
tour	turas
tourism	turasachd
tourist	turasachd
tourmaline	cuairtmaline
tournament	co-fharpais
tourniquet	sgaoileadh
tout	NO TRANSLATION
tow	tow
towel	towel
tower	tùr
towering	sgaoileadh
town	bhaile
townhouse	taigh-baile
township	baile
townspeople	muinntir a 'bhaile
toxic	puinnseanta
toxicity	toxicity
toxicology	toxicology
toxin	toxin
toy	dèideag
toymaker	toymaker
trace	lorg
traceable	ri lorg
tracer	tracer
traces	lorg
trachea	trachea
tracing	a 'lorg
track	slighe
tracker	rianadair
tract	rian
tractable	air a thilgeil
traction	tarraing
tractor	tractar
trade	malairt
trademark	malairt
trader	malairtiche
tradesman	neach-ciùird
trading	malairt
tradition	traidisean
traditional	traidiseanta
traffic	trafaig
traffic light	solais trafaic
trafficking	malairt
tragedies	tragabaidhean
tragedy	tragsaidh
tragic	duilich
trail	slighe
trailer	luirg
train	trèana
train set	seata trèana
trained	trèanadh
trainee	neach-trèanaidh
trainer	trèanaidh
training	trèanadh
trait	s an Iar-
traitor	saoghail
traitorous	sgaoileadh
trajectory	bualadh
tram	tram
tramp	tramp
trample	tramp
trampoline	trampoline
tramway	tram
trance	trance
tranquil	tranquil
tranquility	sàmhchair
tranquilizer	tranquilizer
transact	transact
transaction	malairt
transatlantic	transatlantic
transceiver	transceiver
transcend	a 'dol thairis
transcendence	thar-tharraing
transcendent	thar-tharraingeach
transcendental	sgaoileadh
transcribe	ath-sgrìobhadh
transcriber	transcriber
transcript	tar-sgrìobhadh
transcription	tar-sgrìobhadh
transfer	gluasad
transference	tar-tharraing
transferred	air a ghluasad
transfixed	air a ghluasad
transform	atharrachadh
transformation	cruth-atharrachadh
transformer	cruth-atharrachaidh
transfusion	transfusion
transgression	eucoir
transient	siubhal
transistor	transistor
transit	transit
transition	gluasad
transitional	eadar-amail
transitive	transitive
transitory	transitory
translate	eadar-theangachadh
translation	eadar-theangachadh
translator	eadar-theangair
translocation	ath-shuidheachadh
translucent	iom-fhillte
transmission	sgaoileadh
transmit	sgaoileadh
transmitter	tarsainn
transmutation	transmutation
transom	transom
transparency	follaiseachd
transparent	faicsinneach
transplant	transplantadh
transplantation	ath-chur
transponder	transponder
transport	còmhdhail
transportation	còmhdhail
transporter	còmhdhail
transpose	transpose
transposition	transposition
transsexual	tar-ghnèitheach
transverse	transverse
transvestite	transvestite
trap	gaisgich
trapdoor	trapdoor
trapeze	trapeze
trapped	ga ghlacadh
trapper	trapper
trapping	a 'glacadh
trappings	sgaoileadh
traps	cairtean
trash	sgudal
trashy	sgaoileadh
trauma	dragh
traumatic	duilich
travail	NO TRANSLATION
travel	siubhal
traveler	siubhail
traveling	siubhal
traverse	air adhart
travesty	sgaoileadh
trawl	trawl
trawler	tràlair
tray	band
treacherous	fiadhaich
treachery	feall
tread	sèididh
treadmill	treadmill
treason	treason
treasure	ulaidh
treasured	s an Iar-
treasurer	ionmhasair
treasures	ionmhas
treasury	ionmhas
treat	Cùmhnantan-cleachdaidh
treatable	s an Iar-
treatise	còmhradh
treatment	leigheas
treaty	cùmhnant
treble	sneachda
tree	craobh
trees	craobhan
trek	trek
trellis	trellis
tremble	cràbhach
trembling	crith
tremendous	uabhasach mòr
tremendously	uamhasach
tremor	cridhe
trench	trench
trend	gluasad
trending	sgaoileadh
trendy	glic
trepidation	sgaoileadh
trespass	ciontach
triad	triad
triage	sgaoileadh
trial	deuchainn
triangle	triantan
triangular	triantanach
triangulate	triantan
triathlon	triathlon
tribal	treubhan
tribe	treubh
tribulation	trioblaid
tribunal	mòd-ceartais
tribune	crann
tributary	aibhnichean
tribute	moladh
trick	cleas
trickery	sgaoileadh
trickle	truailleadh
trickster	sgaoileadh
tricky	duilich
tricycle	tricycle
trident	trident
trifle	bualadh
trifling	s an Iar-
trig	trig
trigger	brosnachaidh
trigonometry	trigonometry
trillion	trillion
trilogy	trioblaid
trim	trim
trimester	saoghail
trimmer	trimmer
trimming	gearradh
trine	trine
trinity	na Trianaid
trinket	trinket
trio	trio
trip	turas
tripartite	trì-phàirteach
tripe	tripe
triple	trioblaid
triplet	trioblaid
triplicate	sgaoileadh
tripod	tripod
tripping	tripping
trite	trite
tritium	tritium
triumph	buaidh
triumphant	s an Iar-
trivia	trivia
trivial	bàn
troll	troll
trolley	trolley
trombone	trombon
troop	feachdan
trooper	trooper
troops	saighdearan
trophy	duais
tropic	tropic
tropical	tropaigeach
tropics	tropaigean
trot	trot
trouble	trioblaid
troubled	draghail
troublemaker	cunnartach
troubles	duilgheadasan
troublesome	duilich
trough	trough
troupe	briogais
trousers	briogais
trout	breac
trowel	briseadh
truce	truas
truck	trucail
trucker	neach-dearbhaidh
truckload	truckload
truculent	truagh
true	TRUE
truelove	Fìor ghaol
truffle	truffle
truism	truagh
trump	trom trom
trumpet	trompaid
trumpeter	trompaid
truncate	truncate
truncated	air a bhriseadh
trundle	trundle
trunk	s an Iar-
truss	s an Iar-
trust	earbsa
trustee	urrasair
trusting	earbsach
trustworthy	earbsach
trusty	earbsach
truth	fìrinn
truthful	fìrinneach
truthfulness	fìrinneachd
try	feuch
tryout	Feuch
tryouts	feuchainn
tsunami	tsunami
tub	tub
tuba	tuba
tubby	tubby
tube	tube
tuberculosis	caitheamh
tubing	tubing
tubular	tubular
tubule	tubule
tuck	s an Iar-
tucker	tucker
tuesday	Dimàirt
tufted	sgaoileadh
tug	tug
tugboat	tugboat
tuition	teagaisg
tulip	tulip
tumble	sgaoileadh
tumbler	NO TRANSLATION
tumbleweed	sgaoileadh
tummy	cuan
tumor	tumor
tumour	tumor
tumult	tubaist
tumultuous	sgaoileadh
tun	NO TRANSLATION
tuna	tuna
tunable	s an Iar-
tune	fonn
tunic	tunic
tuning	a 'gleusadh
tunnel	tunail
turban	turban
turbidity	turbachd
turbine	turbine
turbo	turbo
turbulence	tubaist
turbulent	duilich
turd	turd
turf	sgrathan
turkey	An Tuirc
turmeric	tubaist
turmoil	sabaid
turn	tionndadh
turnaround	Tonndaidh timcheall
turned	thionndaidh
turning	tionndadh
turnip	trannag
turnkey	tionndadh-uisge
turnoff	NO TRANSLATION
turnout	Tionndaidh a-mach
turnover	iomlaid
turnpike	s an Iar-
turntable	clàr-tionndaidh
turpentine	turpentine
turquoise	turquoise
turret	tùr
turtle	turtar
turtleneck	turtleneck
tussle	tussle
tutelage	dìonachd
tutor	oide
tutoring	teagasg
tutu	tutu
tux	tux
tuxedo	tuxedo
tv	tv
twain	dhà
twat	dàta
twats	twats
tweak	tweak
tweed	chlò
tweet	tweet
tweezers	fhuaigean
twelfth	an dà-dheugamh
twelve	dhà-dheug
twentieth	an fhicheadamh
twenty	fichead
twerp	sgaoileadh
twig	càraid
twilight	feasgar
twill	dàil
twin	càraid
twine	càball
twinge	geamhradh
twinkle	sneachda
twins	càraid
twirl	gàire
twist	casadh
twisted	air a thionndadh
twister	tubaist
twit	tùr
twitch	bualadh
twitching	sgoltadh
twitchy	sneachda
two	dhà
two step	dà cheum
twofaced	NO TRANSLATION
twofold	dà fhichead
twosome	dà fhichead
tycoon	sneachda
tyke	deiseil
type	seòrsa
typewriter	sgrìobhadair-sgrìobhaidh
typhoid	typhoid
typhoon	tephoon
typical	àbhaisteach
typically	mar as trice
typist	àbhaisteach
typo	typo
typography	clò-bhreac
tyrannical	deasaich |
tyranny	s an Ear-Dheas
tyrant	tighearna
tyre	teine
ubiquitous	uile àite
ubiquity	ubhurtachd
ugliness	gràineachd
ugly	grànda
uhoh	NO TRANSLATION
ukulele	ukulele
ulcer	ulcer
ulterior	ulterior
ultimate	saoghail
ultimately	aig a 'cheann thall
ultimatum	ultimatum
ultimo	NO TRANSLATION
ultrasound	sloinneadh
ultraviolet	ultraviolet
umbilical	sneachda
umbra	umbra
umbrella	sgàilean
umpire	umpire
umpteen	umpteen
unabashed	sneachda
unabated	gun sgath
unable	comasach
unacceptable	neo-iomchaidh
unaccompanied	gun aonaichte
unaccountable	mì-chinnteach
unaccounted	gun bheachd
unacknowledged	gun aideachadh
unadulterated	gun a bhith ag atharrachadh
unaffected	gun bhuaidh
unafraid	neo-dhìreach
unaided	gun teagamh
unaltered	gun atharrachadh
unambiguous	neo-sheasmhach
unanimity	unanimity
unanimous	aon-aon-ghuthach
unanimously	aon-ghuthach
unannounced	gun ainmeachadh
unanswered	gun fhreagairt
unanticipated	gun dùil
unappreciated	gun luach
unapproved	neo-leasaichte
unarmed	neo-arm
unassisted	neo-eisimeileach
unassuming	gun teagamh
unattached	gun cheangal
unattainable	neo-sheasmhach
unattended	gun tadhal
unattractive	mì-tharraingeach
unauthorized	gun chead
unavailable	nach eil ri fhaighinn
unavoidable	neo-sheasmhach
unaware	gun fhios
unbalanced	neo-chothromaichte
unbearable	neo-chleachdadh
unbeatable	neo-chomasach
unbeaten	gun fhiosta
unbecoming	mì-fhortanach
unbelief	unbelief
unbelievable	neo-chreidsinneach
unbiased	neo-chlaonach
unborn	gun bhreith
unbound	gun chrìochnachadh
unbounded	gun chead
unbreakable	mì-chinnteach
unbridled	neo-bhrìgheil
unbroken	neo-bhriseadh
unbutton	s an Iar-
uncalled	neo-aithnichte
uncanny	neo-chumanta
uncaring	neo-iongantach
uncensured	NO TRANSLATION
uncertain	neo-chinnteach
uncertainty	mì-chinnt
unchallenged	mì-chliùiteach
unchangeable	neo-mhalairt
unchanged	gun atharrachadh
uncharted	mì-fhortanach
uncherished	NO TRANSLATION
uncivilized	neo-dhligheach
unclaimed	neo-chliùiteach
uncle	uncail
unclean	neòghlan
unclear	mì-shoilleir
uncomfortable	mì-chofhurtail
uncommon	neo-chumanta
uncommonly	neo-chumanta
uncomplicated	mì-shìmplidh
uncompromising	mì-chothromach
unconcerned	neo-chùramach
unconditional	neo-chumhaichte
unconfirmed	gun dhaingneachadh
unconnected	gun cheangal
unconscionable	neo-fhreagarrach
unconscious	neo-fhiosrachail
unconsciousness	neo-eisimeileachd
unconstitutional	neo-reachdail
unconstrained	neo-chuingealaichte
uncontested	gun fhiosta
uncontrollable	neo-chùramach
uncontrolled	neo-riaghlaidh
unconventional	neo-àbhaisteach
unconvinced	mì-chinnteach
unconvincing	neo-chinnteach
uncooked	neo-chòcaichte
uncooperative	neo-cho-obrachail
uncorrelated	neo-cheangailte
uncouth	neo-eisimeileach
uncover	nochd
uncritical	neo-sgrùdaichte
uncut	uncut
undead	undead
undecided	gun teagamh
undefeated	mì-fhortanach
undefined	mì-chinnteach
undeniable	gun teagamh
underage	fo aois
underbelly	subbelly
undercover	sgaoileadh
undercurrent	s an Iar-
underdog	Dimàirt
underestimate	neo-mhearachdach
undergo	sgaoileadh
undergraduate	fo-cheum
underground	fon talamh
underhanded	fo dhìon
underlay	toirt buaidh air
underlie	fo stiùir
underline	cuir cuideam air
underlying	fo chùram
undermine	sguabadh às
undermined	s an Iar-
underneath	gu h-ìosal
underpaid	gun phàigheadh
underpants	sneachda
underprivileged	mì-chomasach
underrated	s an Iar-
underscore	Dimàirt
undersea	fon mhuir
undersecretary	stiùiriche
undersized	gu ìre mhòr
understaffed	s an Iar-
understand	tuigsinn
understandable	furasta a thuigsinn
understanding	tuigse
understatement	s an Iar-
understood	air a thuigsinn
understudy	s an Iar-
undertake	gabhail os làimh
undertaker	undertaker
undertaking	gabhail os làimh
undertow	sguabadh
underwear	fo-dhubh
underwood	fo choille
underworld	fo-saoghal
underwrite	fo-sgrìobhadh
underwriter	fo-sgrìobhadair
undeserved	mì-ghlèidhte
undesirable	neo-mhiannach
undesired	gun adhbhar
undetectable	gun fhios
undetected	gun fhios
undetermined	mì-chinnteach
undeveloped	neo-leasaichte
undignified	mì-chinnteach
undirected	gun stiùireadh
undisclosed	gun fhoillseachadh
undiscovered	gun lorg
undisputed	mì-chinnteach
undisturbed	gun dragh
undivided	neo-roinnte
undo	dùnadh
undoing	a 'dùnadh
undoubted	gun teagamh
undress	barail
undressed	gun bhuannachd
undue	mì-chothromach
undying	mì-thoilichte
unearned	neo-eisimeileach
unearth	unearth
uneasiness	mì-rianachd
uneasy	mì-chothromach
uneducated	neo-ghluasadach
unemployed	gun obair
unemployment	cion-cosnaidh
unencumbered	gun dùnadh
unending	neo-eisimeileach
unequal	neo-ionann
unequalled	neo-chothromach
unequivocal	gun teagamh
unequivocally	gun teagamh
unethical	neo-fhoirmeil
uneven	neo-chothromach
uneventful	neònach
unexpected	gun dùil
unexpectedly	gun dùil
unexplainable	mì-mhìneachadh
unexplained	mì-mhìneachadh
unexplored	gun sgrùdadh
unfailing	gun chrìochnachadh
unfair	neo-chothromach
unfairness	neo-chothromachd
unfaithful	neo-chreideasach
unfamiliar	neo-aithnichte
unfavorable	mì-fhallain
unfeeling	mì-thoilichte
unfettered	gun stad
unfinished	gun chrìochnachadh
unfit	neo-iomchaidh
unflinching	neo-chlaonadh
unfold	sgaoileadh
unfollow	gun a bhith a 'fuireach
unforeseen	gun dùil
unforgettable	neo-shoirbheachail
unforgivable	neo-sheasmhach
unforgiving	neo-dhreuchdail
unfortunate	mì-fhortanach
unfortunately	gu mì-fhortanach
unfounded	gun bhun
unfreeze	neo-fhosgladh
unfriendly	mì-chàirdeil
unfulfilled	gun chrìochnachadh
unfurnished	neo-chinnealach
unglued	neo-ghlan
ungodly	neo-dhiadhaidh
ungrateful	neo-thlachdmhor
unguarded	gun dìon
unhand	NO TRANSLATION
unhappiness	mì-thoilichte
unhappy	mì-thoilichte
unharmed	gun cron
unhealthy	mì-fhallain
unheard	gun fhios
unhelpful	gun fheum
unhindered	gun a bhith cinnteach
unholy	gun teagamh
unhook	neo-dhruim
unicorn	unicorn
unidentified	neo-aithnichte
unification	aonachadh
unified	aonaichte
uniform	èideadh
uniformed	èideadh
uniformity	èibhinn
uniformly	èibhinn
unimaginable	neo-fhaclanach
unimpeachable	neo-shoilleir
unimpeached	neo-sheasmhach
unimportant	neo-chudromach
unimpressed	neo-ghluasadach
unimproved	neo-leasaichte
uninfected	neo-shàthaichte
uninformed	mì-fhiosrachadh
uninhabited	nach eil duine a 'fuireach
uninitiated	neo-aithnichte
uninspired	gun teagamh
unintelligible	mì-thuigsinn
unintended	gun dùil
unintentional	gun bheachd
unintentionally	gun teagamh
uninterested	gun ùidh
uninteresting	gun ùidh
uninterrupted	gun bhriseadh
uninvited	gun iarraidh
union	aonadh
unique	àraid
unisex	unisex
unison	unison
unit	aonad
unitary	aonadach
unite	unite
united	aonaichte
unity	aonachd
universal	uile-choitcheann
universality	universality
universe	cruinne-cè
university	oilthigh
unjust	neo-iomchaidh
unjustifiable	mì-fhreagarrach
unjustified	neo-iomchaidh
unkind	unkind
unknowable	gun fhios
unknown	neo-aithnichte
unlawful	mì-laghail
unleash	unleash
unlicensed	gun chead
unlike	Eu-coltach
unlikely	neo-choltach
unlimited	neo-chrìochnach
unlisted	gun liosta
unload	dì-luchdachadh
unloaded	air a luchdachadh
unlock	fuasgladh
unlucky	mì-shealbhach
unmanageable	neo-riaghlaidh
unmanned	gun neach-obrach
unmarked	gun chomharra
unmarried	gun phòsadh
unmask	unmask
unmatched	gun choimeas
unmistakable	neo-aithnichte
unmitigated	aonaichte
unmoved	gun gluasad
unnamed	gun ainm
unnatural	mì-nàdarrach
unnecessary	neo-riatanach
unneeded	neo-ghlan
unnoticed	gun fhios
unnumbered	gun àireamh
unobserved	gun teagamh
unobstructed	mì-ghoirteachadh
unobtrusive	mì-mhisneach
unoccupied	neo-thaitneach
unofficial	neo-oifigeil
unopened	neo-fhosgailte
unopposed	neo-thaiceil
unordered	neo-òrdaichte
unorganised	neo-eagraichte
unorganized	neo-eagraichte
unorthodox	mì-fhortanach
unpack	unpack
unpaid	gun phàigheadh
unparalleled	gun teagamh
unpleasant	mì-thlachdmhor
unpleasantness	mì-thlachd
unplug	neo-dhubh
unplugged	neo-ghluasadach
unpopular	neo-fhreagarrach
unprecedented	gun a bhith roimhe
unpredictable	neo-thuigseach
unprepared	neo-ullaichte
unpretentious	mì-mhisneachail
unproductive	neo-bhuannachdail
unprofessional	neo-phrofasantail
unprofitable	neo-bhuannachdail
unprotected	gun dìon
unproven	neo-fhillte
unprovoked	gun chead
unpublished	neo-fhoillsichte
unpunished	neo-phònaichte
unqualified	neo-iomchaidh
unquestionable	gun teagamh
unquestionably	gun teagamh
unquestioned	gun teagamh
unquote	unquote
unravel	toirt air adhart
unreachable	neo-ruigsinneach
unread	gun leughadh
unreal	neo-ghlan
unrealistic	neo-reusanta
unreasonable	mì-reusanta
unrecorded	gun chlàradh
unregistered	neo-chlàraichte
unregulated	neo-riaghlaichte
unrelated	gun ceangal
unrelenting	gun fhiosta
unreliable	neo-earbsach
unremarkable	neo-aithnichte
unrepentant	neònach
unrequited	neo-dhìolta
unresolved	gun fhuasgladh
unresponsive	mì-fhreagarrach
unrest	dragh
unrestrained	mì-fhortanach
unrestricted	neo-chuingealaichte
unromantic	neo-mhearachdach
unruly	neo-chràbhach
unsafe	mì-shàbhailte
unsanitary	neo-ghlan
unsatisfactory	mì-riarachail
unsatisfied	neo-riaraichte
unsavory	mì-thoilichte
unscathed	gun fhiosta
unscheduled	neo-chlàraichte
unscientific	mì-chinnteach
unscrew	dì-sgriùrsadh
unscrupulous	neo-chùramach
unseat	gun a bhith
unseen	gun fhaicinn
unselfish	mì-chàirdeil
unsettled	mì-thoilichte
unsightly	mì-fhortanach
unsolicited	gun iarraidh
unsolved	gun fhuasgladh
unsophisticated	neo-shònraichte
unsound	mì-chinnteach
unspeakable	neo-sheasmhach
unspecified	neo-shònraichte
unspoken	neo-bhriste
unstable	neo-sheasmhach
unsteady	mì-fhortanach
unstoppable	neo-chomasach
unsuccessful	neo-shoirbheachail
unsuitable	mì-fhreagarrach
unsung	gun fhios
unsupervised	gun stiùir
unsupported	gun taic
unsure	neo-chinnteach
unsurpassed	neo-shoirbheachail
unsuspecting	neo-shoirbheachail
unsustainable	neo-sheasmhach
unsweetened	gun bhualadh
unsympathetic	mì-fhreagarrach
untamed	gun fhiosta
untenable	neo-sheasmhach
untested	gun fhiosta
unthinkable	neo-thlachdmhor
untidy	mì-sgiobalta
untie	sgaoileadh
untimely	annasach
untitled	gun tiotal
untold	neo-dhìolta
untouchable	neo-thlachdmhor
untouched	neo-ghluasadach
untoward	gun fhiosta
untraceable	neo-bhriathrach
untrained	gun trèanadh
untranslated	gun eadar-theangachadh
untroubled	mì-thoilichte
untrue	neo-fhìor
untrustworthy	mì-thoilichte
unturned	gun sgudal
unused	gun chleachdadh
unusual	neo-àbhaisteach
unusually	annasach
unutterable	annasach
unveil	nochd
unveiling	nochdadh
unverified	mì-sgrùdaichte
unwanted	gun iarraidh
unwarranted	neo-fharantach
unwary	neo-fhallain
unwashed	neo-fhuasgladh
unwavering	mì-fhortanach
unwed	neo-dhruimte
unwelcome	mì-thoilichte
unwell	tinn
unwilling	mì-thoilichte
unwillingly	gu mì-thoilichte
unwillingness	mì-thoilichte
unwind	neònach
unwise	neònach
unwitting	mì-thoilichte
unwittingly	gun teagamh
unworthy	neo-iomchaidh
unwrap	ath-thiotalan
unwritten	gun sgrìobhadh
unyielding	mì-fhortanach
unzip	unzip
upbeat	annasach
upbringing	togail suas
upcoming	a tha ri thighinn
update	ùrachadh
upgrade	ùrachadh
upheaval	àrdachadh
uphill	suas an cnoc
uphold	cumail suas
upholstery	clò-bhualadh
upkeep	cumail suas
upland	talamh àrd
uplands	talamh àrd
uplift	àrdachadh
uplifting	togail suas
uplink	àrdachadh
upload	luchdaich suas
upper	àrd
uppercut	s an Ear-Thuath
uppity	àrdachadh
upright	dìreach
uprising	ar-a-mach
uproar	sguabadh às
upscale	sgaoileadh
upset	troimh-chèile
upshot	suas
upstairs	shuas an staidhre
upstanding	s an Iar-
upstart	suas
uptight	àrdachadh
upward	suas
upwards	suas
uranium	uranium
urban	bailteil
urchin	urchin
urge	urram
urgency	èiginn
urgent	èiginneach
urinal	urinal
urinalysis	urinalysis
urinate	urinate
urination	urination
urine	urine
urn	urn
usable	deiseil
usage	cleachdadh
use	cleachdadh
used	cleachdadh
useful	feumail
usefully	feumail
usefulness	feumail
useless	gun fheum
user	cleachdaiche
usher	neach-cleachdaidh
usual	àbhaisteach
usurp	usurp
usurped	usurped
usury	ionmhas
utensil	utensil
uterus	uterus
utilitarian	cleachdadh
utility	utility
utilization	cleachdadh
utilize	cleachdadh
utmost	as fheàrr
utopian	utopian
utter	utter
utterance	sònrachadh
utterly	gu tur
vacancy	dreuchd falamh
vacant	falamh
vacate	fàgail
vacation	saor-làithean
vaccination	banachdach
vaccine	banachdach
vacuolar	vacuolar
vacuole	vacuole
vacuous	bochd
vacuum	falamh
vagabond	vagabond
vagina	banainn
vaginal	vaginal
vagrancy	bòidhchead
vagrant	fhaireachdainn
vague	neo-shoilleir
vagueness	bochdainn
vainly	gun fhiosta
valance	s an Iar-
vale	gleann
valedictorian	saoghail
valentine	valentine
valet	gillean
valiant	bòidheach
valid	dligheach
validate	dearbhadh
validation	daingneachadh
validity	validity
valium	valium
valley	gleann
valor	NO TRANSLATION
valuable	luachmhor
valuables	rudan luachmhor
valuation	luachadh
value	luach
valve	valbh
vamoose	NO TRANSLATION
vamp	vamp
vampire	vampire
van	NO TRANSLATION
vandal	milleadh
vandalism	milleadh
vane	falamh
vanguard	àird
vanilla	vanilla
vanish	fàgail
vanished	air falbh
vanishing	a 'crìonadh
vanity	vanity
vanquish	a dhìth
vanquished	air falbh
vanquishing	sgaoileadh
vantage	s an Iar-
vapor	steam
vara	NO TRANSLATION
variable	caochlaideach
variance	atharrachadh
variation	atharrachadh
variations	eadar-dhealachaidhean
varicella	varicella
varicose	varicose
varied	eadar-dhealaichte
variegated	eadar-dhealaichte
variety	measgachadh
various	diofar
varmint	Varmint
varnish	varnish
varsity	sgaoileadh
vary	eadar-dhealaichte
varying	eadar-dhealaichte
vascular	vascular
vase	vase
vasectomy	vasectomy
vassal	vassal
vast	mòr
vat	tha
vaudeville	sgaoileadh
vault	sneachda
vaulted	sgaoileadh
vaulting	sgoltadh
veal	feal
vector	vector
veer	seadh
vega	vega
vegan	vegan
vegetable	glasraich
vegetarian	glasraich
vegetarianism	vegetarianism
vegetation	fàsmhorachd
vegetative	fàsmhor
veggie	feagag
vehement	saoghail
vehicle	carbad
veil	feil
veiled	feòil
vein	fein
veined	feistidh
vellum	feillum
velocity	velocity
velour	velor
velvet	mèirleach
velvety	fiadhaich
vena	vena
vendetta	reic
vending	reic
vendor	reiceadair
veneer	sgeadachadh
venerable	iongantach
veneration	urram
venereal	s an Iar-
venetian	sgaoileadh
vengeance	dìoghaltas
vengeful	dìoghaltas
venison	suainidh
venom	venom
venomous	sgaoileadh
venous	sgaoileadh
vent	gaoth
ventilation	fionnarachadh
ventilator	ventail
venting	sìde
ventricle	fionnaidh
ventricular	fionnaidh
ventriloquist	sneachda
venture	iomairt
venue	àite
veracity	fìrinn
veranda	veranda
verb	verb
verbal	labhairt
verbatim	facal air an fhacal
verbiage	verbiage
verbose	Gnìomhachas
verbosity	Gnàthachasachd
verdant	s an Iar-
verdict	dhùnadh
verge	gàire
verification	dearbhadh
verified	dearbhadh
verify	dearbhaich
verily	gu dearbh
veritable	fìor mhath
vermin	mionnan
vermouth	sgaoileadh
vernacular	dùthchasach
vernal	vernal
veronica	veronica
versatile	iom-fhillte
versatility	sùbailteachd
verse	rann
version	dreach
versus	an aghaidh
vert	vert
vertebra	vertebra
vertebral	air ais
vertex	vertex
vertical	dìreach
vertically	gu h-ìseal
vertigo	vertigo
verve	fhìrinn
very negative	fìor àicheil
very positive	fìor mhath
veryangry	NO TRANSLATION
vesicle	feicig
vesicular	saoghail
vessel	soitheach
vest	vest
vested	air a chosnadh
vestibule	vestibule
vestige	vestige
vet	luibhear
veteran	veteran
veterinarian	feiceadair
veterinary	lighiche-sprèidh
veto	bòid
vexed	èibhinn
viability	ion-obrachadh
viable	viable
viaduct	drochaid rèile
vial	vial
vibe	vibe
vibes	beothaichean
vibrant	beòthail
vibrate	beothachadh
vibration	crith
vibrator	vibrator
vibratory	beòthail
vicar	vicar
vicarious	sàmhach
vice	vice
viceroy	rìgh
vicinity	mun cuairt
vicious	duilich
victim	fulangach
victimized	fulang
victor	victor
victoria	victoria
victorious	bhuannachd
victory	buaidh
video	bhidio
video game	gèam bhideo
videotape	fiolm bhidio
vie	NO TRANSLATION
view	sealladh
viewer	sealladh
viewing	coimhead
viewpoint	sealladh
vigil	faireachadh
vigilance	faireachas
vigilant	furachail
vigilante	faireachail
vignette	s an Iar-
vigor	làidir
vigorous	èibhinn
viking	viking
vile	dona
villa	villa
village	baile
villager	neach-baile
villain	falach
villainous	mì-fhortanach
vinaigrette	s an Iar-
vindicate	dealachadh
vindicated	dealaichte
vindication	fìrinn
vindictive	dìoghaltas
vine	fìon
vinegar	fìonag
vineyard	fion-lios
vintage	sean
vinyl	vinyl
viola	viola
violate	a 'briseadh
violation	sàrachadh
violence	fòirneart
violent	fòirneartach
violently	fòirneartach
violet	bhioraid
violin	fidheall
violinist	fìdhlear
viper	viper
viral	viral
virgin	virgin
virginal	Òraid
virginity	virginity
virility	virility
virology	feallsanachd
virtual	mìorbhaileach
virtually	cha mhòr
virtue	buaidh
virtuoso	mìorbhaileach
virtuous	mìorbhaileach
virulence	feòrag
virus	bhìoras
visa	visa
visage	NO TRANSLATION
viscosity	slaodachd
viscous	slaodach
vise	NO TRANSLATION
visibility	faicsinneachd
visible	ri fhaicinn
visibly	gu lèir
vision	lèirsinn
visionary	lèirsinneach
visit	tadhail
visitation	tadhal
visiting	tadhal
visitor	neach-tadhail
visor	visor
vista	vista
visual	lèirsinneach
visualize	lèirsinn
vital	deatamach
vitality	spionnadh
vitals	bheòil
vitamin	vitamain
vitreous	sgaoileadh
viva	viva
vivacious	beò
vivid	beò
vixen	saoghail
vocabulary	briathrachas
vocal	sgaoileadh
vocalist	seinneadair
vocation	gairm
vodka	vodca
vogue	bòidhchead
voice	guth
voiceless	gun ghuth
voicemail	post-dealain
void	fànas
volatile	iomallach
volatility	neo-sheasmhach
volcanic	bholcànach
volcano	bholcàno
volition	rùn
volley	volley
volleyball	ball-ball
voltage	bholtaid
voltmeter	voltmeter
volume	volume
volumes	leabhraichean
voluminous	sgaoileadh
voluntarily	gu saor-thoileach
voluntary	saor-thoileach
volunteer	saor-thoileach
volunteering	obair saor-thoileach
volunteers	saor-thoilich
voluptuous	voluptuous
vomit	èideadh
vomiting	vomiting
voodoo	voodoo
voracious	guth
vortex	vortex
vote	bhòtadh
voter	neach-bhòtaidh
voting	bhòtadh
votive	bhòtach
vouch	urram
voucher	tairgse
vow	bhòt
vowel	fuaimreagan
voyage	turas-mara
voyager	voyager
voyeur	voyeur
vulgar	vulgar
vulgarity	bòidhchead
vulnerability	vulnerability
vulnerable	so-leònte
vulture	saoghail
wacko	bòcan
wacky	bòidheach
wad	wad
waddle	waddle
wade	mùthaidhean)
wafer	sgiath
waffle	saoghail
wag	wag
wage	tuarastal
wager	geall
wages	tuarastail
wagon	carbad
wail	caoineadh
waist	saoghail
waistcoat	sneachda
waistline	saoghail
wait	feitheamh
waiter	neach-frithealaidh
waiting	feitheamh
waitinggame	NO TRANSLATION
waitress	frithealaiche
waive	fuasgladh
waiver	tarsainn
wake	dùsgadh
walk	coiseachd
walker	coiseachd
walking	coiseachd
walkout	Coisich a-mach
wall	balla
wallaby	Wallaby
wallet	baraille
wallflower	flùr-balla
wallop	s an Ear-Dheas
wallow	saoghail
wallpaper	pàipear-balla
walnut	nuabha
walrus	each-mara
waltz	waltz
wan	NO TRANSLATION
wand	dannsa
wander	saoghail
wanderer	luchd-siubhail
wandering	siubhal
wane	sneachda
waning	a 'crìonadh
wanker	buidheadair
wannabe	wannabe
wannasleep	NO TRANSLATION
want	ag iarraidh
wanting	ag iarraidh
wanton	sìth
war	cogadh
warbler	sabaid
warcrimes	NO TRANSLATION
ward	s an Iar-Dheas
warden	neach-gleidhidh
wardrobe	preas-aodaich
ware	bathar
warehouse	taigh-bathair
warfare	cogadh
warhead	Ceann-cogaidh
warlike	cogadh
warlock	sgaoileadh
warlord	ainm-cogaidh
warm	blàth
warming	blàthachadh
warms	buannachdan
warmth	blàths
warn	rabhadh
warned	rabhadh
warning	rabhadh
warp	ionnsaigh
warpath	slighe cogaidh
warped	sgaoileadh
warrant	barrantas
warranted	barrantas
warrants	barrantasan
warranty	barrantas
warren	cogaidh
warrior	gaisgeach
warship	long cogaidh
wart	crith
wartime	àm a 'chogaidh
wary	eagallach
wash	nighe
washed	nighe
washer	nigheadair
washing	nigheadaireachd
washout	uisge
washroom	seòmar-nighe
wasp	spiorad
waste	sgudal
wastebasket	basgaid sgudail
wasted	air a chall
wasteful	sgudal
wasteland	crìonadh
wasting	a 'caoidh
watch	faire
watchdog	Buidheann-faire
watcher	coimhead
watchful	faireil
watchman	NO TRANSLATION
watchout	Thoir an aire
watchtower	tùr-faire
water	uisge
water polo	polo uisge
waterbed	uisge
watercourse	cùrsa uisge
watered	uisge
waterfall	eas
waterfront	uisge
watering can	peile-frasaidh
watermelon	watermelon
waterproof	s an Iar-
waterworks	obraichean uisge
watery	uisgeach
wave	tonn
wavelength	tonn-thonn
waver	aodach
wavering	sgaoileadh
waves	tonnan
wavy	sneachda
wax	cèir
waxed	ceàrr
waxy	saoghail
way	slighe
ways	dòighean
wayward	air adhart
weak	lag
weaken	lag
weakened	lag
weakling	lagachadh
weakly	lag
weakness	laigse
wealth	beairteas
wealthy	beairteach
weapon	armachd
weaponry	armachd
wear	aodach
wearer	sinnsear
wearily	gu dona
weariness	caoidh
wearing	a 'caitheamh
weary	sgìth
weasel	sèididh
weather	sìde
weathered	sgaoileadh
weatherman	fear na sìde
weatherproof	sneachda
weave	aodach
web	lìn
website	làrach-lìn
wed	pòsadh
wedded	s an Iar-
wedding	banais
wedge	gàidhlig
wedlock	pòsadh
wee	tha
weed	càil
weeding	sgaoileadh
weeds	luibhean
weedy	sgaoileadh
weeeee	NO TRANSLATION
week	seachdain
weekday	Là na Seachdain
weekend	deireadh seachdain
weekly	gach seachdain
weenie	gàire
weep	gràin
weeping	a 'gul
weeping willow	seileach ghalla
weepy	gràn
weigh	cuideam
weighing	cuideam
weight	cuideam
weightless	gun cuideam
weightloss	NO TRANSLATION
weights	cuideaman
weighty	cuideachail
weir	càr
weird	neònach
weirdness	neònach
weirdo	eireachdail
welcome	Fàilte
welcomed	fàilte
welcoming	fàilteachail
weld	weld
welder	welder
welding	weldadh
welfare	sochair
wellhead	chiad sreath
wellness	slàinte
welsh	Gàidhlig
welt	NO TRANSLATION
wen	NO TRANSLATION
wench	aodach
werewolf	aodach-allaidh
west	iar
westbound	thuath
western	an iar
wet	fliuch
wetback	fliuch
whack	muc
whale	muc-mhara
whaling	mucan-mara
wham	saoghail
whammy	s an Iar-
wharf	cidhe
whatdoido	NO TRANSLATION
whatif	dèif
whatmakesmesmile	NO TRANSLATION
whatnot	dè th 'ann
whatsoever	ge bith
whatsthepoint	NO TRANSLATION
wheat	cruithneachd
wheel	cuibhle
wheel barrow	NO TRANSLATION
wheelbarrow	cuibhle-cuibhle
wheelchair	cathair-cuibhle
wheels	cuibhlichean
wheeze	cuibhle
whelp	bualadh
whereabouts	càite
wherefore	carson
wherewith	leis a bheil
wherewithal	far a bheil e
whet	cruithneachd
whiff	air adhart
whilst	fhad 'sa tha e
whim	cuim
whimper	geal
whimsical	sgaoileadh
whimsy	s an Iar-
whine	giùlan
whiny	cò
whip	cuip
whiplash	whiplash
whipped	air a bhuail
whirl	gàire
whirlpool	uisge-mòr
whirlwind	torrach
whisk	aodach
whisker	whisker
whiskers	whiskers
whiskey	uisge-beatha
whisky	Uisge Beatha
whisper	sreap
whispered	thuirt e
whistle	feadag
whit	gidheadh
white	geal
whitefish	iasg geal
whiteness	aibhne
whitewash	geal
whitish	bòidheach
whittle	aodach
whiz	whiz
whole	gu h-iomlan
wholesale	mòr-reic
wholesome	slàn
wholly	gu h-iomlan
whoo	Whoo
whoop	a 'coiseachd
whopper	s an Iar-
whopping	s an Iar-
whore	brògan
whorehouse	aodach
wick	smeòrach
wicked	aingidh
wickedness	aingidheachd
wicker	clach
wicket	sgiobair
wide	air fad
widely	gu farsaing
widen	leudachadh
widespread	sgaoileadh
widow	banntrach
widowed	bhanntrach
widower	banntrach
width	leud
wield	s an Iar-
wiener	fiadhaich
wienie	NO TRANSLATION
wife	bhean
wig	wig
wiggle	sguabadh
wight	s an Iar-
wiki	wiki
wild	fiadhaich
wildcat	cat fiadhaich
wildebeest	sgaoileadh
wilderness	fàsach
wildfire	fiadhaich fiadhaich
wildlife	fiadh-bheatha
will	a dh '
willful	toilinneach
willies	dèanaidhean
willing	deònach
willingly	deònach
willingness	deònach
willow	seileach
willpower	sgaoileadh
wilt	saoghail
wilted	dh 'fhalbh
wily	gu sgiobalta
wimp	wimp
wimpy	s an Iar-
win	bhuannaich
wince	s an Iar-
winch	winch
wind	gaoth
windbag	gaoth-gaoithe
windfall	Thuath
winding	sgaoileadh
windmill	muileann-gaoithe
window	uinneag
windowsill	NO TRANSLATION
windpipe	pìob-gaoithe
windshield	sgiath-gaoithe
windy	gaoth
wine	fìon
wine cooler	fìon nas motha
wing	sgiath
winged	sgiathan
winger	sneachda
wingman	sgiobair
wink	eun
winner	bhuannaiche
winning	a 'buannachadh
winnings	buannachdan
wino	NO TRANSLATION
winter	geamhradh
winterbreak	NO TRANSLATION
wintertime	àm a 'gheamhraidh
wintery	geamhraidh
wintry	gruamach
wipe	sguabadh
wiper	sgiobair
wire	uèir
wired	air an uidheamachadh
wireless	wireless
wiretap	sgaoileadh
wiring	wiring
wis	gliocas
wisdom	gliocas
wise	glic
wish	miann
wishbone	beinn-miann
wishful	miann
wishing	a 'miannachadh
wishmeluck	miann
wisp	saoghail
wistful	sgiobalta
wit	gàire
witch	buidseach
witchcraft	buidseachd
withal	saoghail
withdraw	tarraing air ais
withdrawal	tarraing air ais
withdrawals	tarraing às
withdrawn	a tharraing air ais
wither	sgithinn
withered	sneachda
withering	a 'crìonadh
withhold	cumail suas
withholding	cumail suas
withstand	seasamh
witless	gun fhiosta
witness	fhianais
wits	s an Iar-
witty	èibhinn
wiz	wiz
wizard	draoidh
wobble	sgaoileadh
wobbly	gu sgiobalta
woe	dona
woeful	truagh
woefully	gu caoidh
wok	sneachda
wokemeup	NO TRANSLATION
wolf	madadh-allaidh
wolverine	Wolverine
woman	boireannach
womanhood	boireannach
womanizer	s an Iar-
womanly	boireannach
womb	bhroinn
wonder	iongnadh
wonderful	iongantach
wonderfully	iongantach
wonderment	iongnadh
wondrous	iongantach
wont	NO TRANSLATION
woo	s an Iar-
wood	fiodh
woodcut	coille fiodha
wooden	fiodh
woodland	coille
woodlands	coilltean
woodpecker	sgiobair fiodha
woods	coilltean
woodshed	coilltean
woodsman	coille
woodwork	obair fiodha
woody	coillteach
woof	s an Iar-
woohoo	woohoo
wooing	a 'snàmh
wool	clòimh
woolen	clòimh
woolly	gruagach
woot	saoghail
woozy	aodach
wop	bualadh
word	facal
wording	briathrachas
words	faclan
wordy	facal
work	obair
workaholic	obrach
workbook	leabhar obrach
worker	neach-obrach
working	ag obair
workings	obair
workload	uallach obrach
workman	neach-obrach
workmanship	obrach
workout	Obrachadh a-mach
workplace	san àite-obrach
works	obraichean
workshop	bùth-obrach
workup	obair
world	saoghal
worldly	saoghalta
worldwide	air feadh na cruinne
worm	worm
wormhole	trual cnuimhe
wormwood	coillteach
worn	air a chaitheamh
worried	iomagain
worries	dragh
worry	dragh
worrying	dragh
worse	nas miosa
worsening	a 'fàs nas miosa
worship	adhradh
worshipful	adhradh
worstfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
worth	luach
worthless	gun luach
worthwhile	luachmhor
worthy	airidh air
wot	saoghail
would	sgaoileadh
wound	leòn
wounded	leòn
wounding	a 'losgadh
wounds	lotan
wracking	sgoltadh
wrangler	wrangler
wrangling	sgaoileadh
wrap	sgaoileadh
wrapper	sgaoileadh
wrapping	còmhdach
wrath	fearg
wrathful	feargach
wreak	falbh
wreath	blàth-fhleasg
wreck	long-bhriseadh
wreckage	a chaidh às an rathad
wrecked	air an sgrios
wrecker	s an Iar-
wrench	sruth
wrenching	sgaoileadh
wrest	saoghail
wrestle	luadhadh
wrestler	luadair
wrestling	luathachadh
wretch	bana-bhuidseach
wretched	muladach
wriggle	sgaoileadh
wright	Rùm
wring	aodach
wringer	sgaoileadh
wrinkle	gruag
wrinkled	sneachda
wrist	Caol an dùirn
wristband	sneachda
wristwatch	saoghail
writ	sgrìobhadh
write	sgrìobhadh
writer	sgrìobhadair
writing	sgrìobhadh
written	sgrìobhte
wrong	ceàrr
wrongdoing	ceàrr
wrongful	ceàrr
wrongly	ceàrr
wrought	s an Iar-
wry	dèan
xanax	xanax
xenophobia	xenophobia
xerox	xerox
xmas	xmas
xoxo	xoxo
yaaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaay	NO TRANSLATION
yacht	gheat
yachting	a 'gheatadh
yahoo	yahoo
yak	yak
yam	bliadhna
yank	yank
yap	NO TRANSLATION
yard	gàrradh
yarn	snàth
yaw	a-nis
yawn	mairsinn
yawning	mairsinn
yay	yay
yayy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyyy	NO TRANSLATION
yea	yea
yeahhh	yeahhh
yeahhhh	NO TRANSLATION
year	bliadhna
yearbook	bliadhna bliadhnail
yearling	bliadhna
yearly	gach bliadhna
yearn	gàire
yearning	sìor fhàs
years	bliadhnaichean
yeast	feòil
yehey	NO TRANSLATION
yell	geal
yeller	yeller
yelling	ag èigheach
yellow	buidhe
yellows	gàirdeanan
yelp	yelp
yen	yen
yeoman	eadhon
yesss	yesss
yessss	yessss
yesterday	an-dè
yesteryear	an-dè
yew	seadh
yey	NO TRANSLATION
yield	toradh
yielding	a 'toirt seachad
yo-yo	NO TRANSLATION
yodel	yodel
yoga	yoga
yogi	yogi
yogurt	iogart
yoke	cuing
yolk	buidhe
yon	NO TRANSLATION
yonder	an sin
young	òg
younger	nas òige
youngster	òganach
yousuck	Tha thu grod
youth	òigridh
youthful	òigridh
yucky	bòidheach
yuletide	saoghail
yummy	deam
yuppie	yuppie
zany	zany
zap	zap
zeal	zeal
zealot	zealot
zealous	sàmhach
zebra	zebra
zen	zen
zenith	s an Iar-
zephyr	zephyr
zeppelin	zeppelin
zest	sneachda
zesty	zesty
zeta	zeta
zigzag	zigzag
zilch	zilch
zillion	zillion
zinc	zinc
zing	NO TRANSLATION
zip	zip
zipper	zipper
zippy	zippy
zit	NO TRANSLATION
zodiac	zodiac
zombie	zombie
zone	sòn
zoning	sònrachadh
zoo	sù
zoological	zòigealachd
zoology	zoology
zoom	zoom
zucchini	zucchini
