Word	ht
aaaaaaah	aaaaaaah
aaaah	NO TRANSLATION
aardvark	natirèl
aback	aback
abacus	abacus
abalone	abalone
abandon	abandone
abandoned	abandone
abandonment	abandon
abashed	abbade
abate	abate
abatement	abatement
abba	abba
abbey	Abbey
abbot	NO TRANSLATION
abbreviate	abreje
abbreviation	abrevyasyon
abdomen	vant
abdominal	nan vant
abduct	kidnape
abduction	anlèvman
aberrant	anòmal
aberration	Aberration
abeyance	absans
abhor	dezòd
abhorrence	abominasyon
abhorrent	abondan
abide	rete
abiding	respekte
ability	kapasite
abject	abi
ablation	ablasyon
ablaze	dife
able	kapab
abnormal	nòmal
abnormality	anòmal
aboard	abò
abode	rete
abolish	aboli
abolition	abolisyon
abominable	abominab
abominate	abominab
abomination	abominasyon
aboriginal	Aborijèn
abort	abò
abortion	avòtman
abortive	avètisman
abound	gen anpil
abovementioned	Reyaksyon
abracadabra	abrakadabra
abrasion	fwotman
abrasive	abrazif
abreast	okouran
abroad	aletranje
abrogate	abrogate
abrupt	brid sou kou
abruptly	sibitman
abscess	absè
absence	absans
absent	absan
absentee	absan
absenteeism	absans
absinthe	Absentee
absolute	absoli
absolution	absolution
absolve	absòbe
absorb	absòbe
absorbed	absòbe
absorbent	absòbe
absorbing	absòbe
absorption	absòpsyon
abstain	konsakre
abstention	refansyon
abstinence	Abstinans
abstract	abstrè
abstraction	abstraksyon
absurd	absid
absurdity	absurdite
abundance	abondans
abundant	abondan
abuse	abi
abused	abize
abusive	abizif
abutment	abutman
aby	NO TRANSLATION
abysmal	malè
abyss	gwo twou san fon
academic	akademik
academy	akademi
accede	akote
accelerant	akseleratè
accelerate	akselere
accelerated	akselere
acceleration	akselerasyon
accelerator	akseleratè
accent	aksan
accentuate	aksantué
accept	aksepte
acceptable	akseptab
acceptance	aksepte
acceptances	aksepte
access	aksè
accessible	aksesib
accession	asansyon
accessory	akseswar
accident	aksidan
accidental	aksidan
accidentally	aksidantèlman
acclaim	aklame
accolade	akolad
accommodate	akomode
accommodation	aranjman
accompaniment	akonpayman
accompany	akonpanye
accompanying	akonpaye
accomplice	konplis
accomplish	akonpli
accomplished	akonpli
accomplishment	akonplisman
accord	akò
accordance	dapre
accordion	akòdeyon
account	kont
accountability	responsabilite
accountable	responsab
accountant	kontab
accounting	kontablite
accounts	kont
accredited	akredite
accretion	Aksyon
accrue	akimile
accueil	NO TRANSLATION
accumulate	akimile
accumulation	akimilasyon
accuracy	presizyon
accurate	egzat
accursed	madichon
accusation	akizasyon
accusative	Aksyon
accuse	akize
accused	akize
accuser	akize
accusing	akize
accustomed	abitye
ace	Ace
acetic	Acetic
acetylene	asetilèn
ache	fè mal
achieve	reyalize
achieved	reyalize
achievement	siksè
aching	douloureux
achy	achy
acid	asid
acidity	asidite
acknowledge	rekonèt
acknowledged	rekonèt
acknowledgement	rekonesans
acknowledgment	rekonesans
acme	Akme
acne	akne
acorn	glase
acoustic	akoustik
acoustics	akoustik
acquaint	konnen
acquaintance	zanmi
acquainted	konnen
acquiescence	akeri
acquire	jwenn
acquiring	akeri
acquisition	akizisyon
acquisitions	akizisyon
acquit	achte
acquittal	Aksè
acre	acre
acreage	sipèfisi
acres	kawo tè
acrobat	Acrobat
acrylic	Acrylic
act	aji
acting	aji
action	aksyon
action figure	aksyon figi
actionable	aksyonèl
activate	aktive
activation	aktivasyon
active	aktif
activist	aktivis
activity	aktivite
actor	aktè
actress	aktris
actual	aktyèl
actuality	Reyalite
actuary	aktuèl
acuity	akwite
acumen	akim
acupuncture	akuponktur
acute	egi
acutely	aktyèlman
ad	anons
adage	adage
adamant	detèmine
adapt	adapte
adaptable	adaptab
adaptation	adaptasyon
add	ajoute
added	te ajoute
addendum	ajoute
adder	adisyone
addict	adikte
addicted	dejwe
addiction	Dejwe
addictive	depandans
addition	adisyon
additional	plis
additive	aditif
address	adrès
addressee	adrese
addresses	adrès
adept	adept
adequacy	konpetans
adequate	adekwat
adhere	adhere
adherence	aderans
adherent	aderan
adhering	konfòme
adhesion	adezyon
adhesive	adezif
adieu	adieu
adipose	adipoz
adjacency	adjasans
adjacent	adjasan
adjective	Adjektif
adjoining	vwazin
adjourn	ajoune
adjournment	ajounman
adjudicate	Adjwen
adjudication	Adjwen
adjunct	adjunct
adjust	ajiste
adjuster	ajisteman
adjustment	ajisteman
adjuvant	adjuvant
admin	admin
administer	administre
administration	administrasyon an
administrative	administratif
administrator	administratè
admirable	admirab
admiral	admiral
admiralty	admiralite
admiration	admirasyon
admire	admire
admired	admire
admirer	admiratè
admiring	admirasyon
admissibility	admisibilite
admissible	admisib
admission	admisyon
admit	admèt
admittance	Admisyon
admitted	admèt
admitting	admèt
admixture	admixture
admonition	avètisman
ado	ado
adobe	Adobe
adolescence	adolesans
adolescent	adolesan
adopt	adopte
adoption	adopsyon
adoptive	adopsyon
adorable	adorabl
adoration	Adoration
adore	adore
adoring	adore
adorn	dekore
adornment	dekorasyon
adrenalin	adrenalin
adrenaline	adrenalin
adrift	Adjwen
adult	adilt
adulterated	adiltè
adulterer	adiltè
adultery	adiltè
adulthood	adilt
advance	avanse
advanced	avanse
advancement	avansman
advancing	avanse
advantage	avantaj
advantageous	avantaje
advent	avènement
adventure	avanti
adventurer	avanturyé
adventures	avantur
adventurous	avantur
adversary	advèsè
adverse	negatif
adversity	advèsite
advertise	fè piblisite
advertisement	reklam
advertising	piblisite
adverts	anons
advice	konsèy
advisable	konseye
advise	konseye
advised	konseye
advisement	konsèy
adviser	konseye
advisor	konseye
advisory	konsèy
advocacy	defann dwa moun
advocate	avoka
aegis	nan
aeration	Aérasyon
aerial	ayeryen
aerobics	Ayewobiks
aerodrome	ayewopò
aerodynamic	aerodinamik
aerodynamics	Aerodynamik
aeronautics	Aewonotik
aeroplane	avyon
aerospace	Ayewopò
aesthetic	ayestetik
aesthetics	estetik
aetiology	etyoloji
afar	byen lwen
affable	afab
affair	zafè
affect	afekte
affecting	afekte
affection	afeksyon
affectionate	afeksyon
affections	afeksyon
affiche	NO TRANSLATION
affidavit	afidavi
affiliated	afilye
affiliation	afilyasyon
affinity	afinite
affirm	afime
affirmation	afimasyon
affirmative	afimatif
affirmatively	afimativman
affix	afich
afflict	aflije
afflicted	aflije
affliction	afliksyon
affluence	pwosperans
affluent	Fortine
afford	peye
affordable	abòdab
affront	afwonte
affronted	afwonte
afield	ale
afire	yon dife
afloat	ap flote
afore	anvan
aforementioned	Prevansyon
aforesaid	yo
afraid	pè
afresh	ankò
african	Afriken
aft	aft
afterlife	dla
aftermath	konsekans
afternoon	apremidi
aftershave	apre
aftertaste	gou
afterthought	apre yo fin
aga	NO TRANSLATION
agape	agape
agate	agate
age	laj
aged	ki gen laj
agency	ajans
agenda	ajanda
agent	ajan
agglomeration	aglomerasyon
aggravate	agrave
aggravated	agrave
aggravates	agrave
aggravating	agravasyon
aggravation	vin pi grav
aggregate	total
aggregation	agrégation
aggresive	NO TRANSLATION
aggression	agresyon
aggressive	agresif
aggressively	agresif
aggressiveness	agresif
aggressor	agresè
agh	agh
aghast	aghast
aghhh	NO TRANSLATION
agile	ajil
agility	ladrès
aging	aje
agitate	ajite
agitated	ajite
agitation	ajitasyon
aglow	Aglow
agnostic	agnostik
ago	de sa
agonizing	agonizing
agony	agoni
agoraphobia	agorafobi
agree	dakò
agreeable	agreyab
agreed	te dakò
agreeing	dakò
agreement	akò
agressive	NO TRANSLATION
agricultural	agrikòl
agriculture	agrikilti
aground	yon tè
agua	NO TRANSLATION
ahead	devan yo
ahhh	Ahhh
ahhhhhhhh	NO TRANSLATION
ahoy	zèb
aid	èd
aide	asistan
aiding	ede
aids	èd
ail	Ail
ailing	malad
ailment	maladi
aim	vize
aimless	vole
air	lè
airbag	èrbag
airborne	ayeryèn
aircraft	avyon
aircraft carrier	avyon konpayi asirans lan
airfield	avyon
airhead	Air
airlift	avyon
airline	avyon
airliner	avyon
airlock	Airlock
airman	avyon
airplane	avyon
airport	ayewopò
airs	lè
airship	dirijabl
airspace	Airspace
airspeed	airspeed
airstrip	Airstrip
airtight	lou
airway	Airway
aisle	ale
ait	NO TRANSLATION
ajar	NO TRANSLATION
aka	aka
akin	analogue
alabaster	alabaster
alarm	alam
alarm clock	revèy alam
alarmed	pè
alarming	alarmant
alas	Ay
alb	NO TRANSLATION
albatross	albatross
albino	albino
album	album
alchemy	alchimi
alcohol	alkòl
alcoholic	alkòl
alcoholism	alkòl
alcove	alyen
alderman	alderman
ale	NO TRANSLATION
alert	alèt
alertness	vijilans
alerts	alèt
alfalfa	Alfalfa
algebra	aljèb
algebraic	aljèb
algorithm	algorithm
alias	alyas
alibi	alibi
alien	etranje
alienate	alyenate
alienated	alyenasyon
alienation	izolman
alight	ale
align	aliman
aligned	aliyen
alignment	aliyman
alike	sanble
alimentation	NO TRANSLATION
alimony	alimoni
aliquot	alikot
alive	vivan
alkali	alkali
alkaloids	alkaloid
allay	alye
allegation	akizasyon
allege	alye
alleged	swadizan
allegiance	alejans
allegorical	alegorik
allegory	alegorism
allegro	alegro
allergic	alèji
allergy	alèji
alleviate	soulaje
alleviation	soulaje
alley	ale
alleyway	ale
alliance	alyans
allied	alye
alligator	Kayiman
allocate	asiyen
allocation	alokasyon
allot	Allot
allotment	Allotment
allow	pèmèt
allowable	admisib
allowance	alokasyon
allowed	pèmèt
alloy	alyaj
allsmiles	NO TRANSLATION
allure	atire
alluring	alyans
allusion	alizyon
alluvial	alyuvial
ally	alye
almanac	almanak
almighty	ki gen tout pouvwa
almond	zanmann
aloft	aloft
aloha	premyèman
alone	pou kont li
alongside	ansanm
aloof	aloof
aloud	byen fò
alpha	alfa
alphabet	alfabè
alphabetical	alfabèt
alpine	alpine
alreadyyyyy	deja
altar	lotèl la
altar boy	lotèl ti gason
alter	chanje
alteration	chanjman
altercation	diskisyon
altered	chanje
alternate	altène
alternating	altène
alternative	altènatif
altimeter	altimèt
altitude	altitid
alto	alto
altogether	tout ansanm
aluminum	aliminyòm
alumnus	alumnus
alveolar	alveolar
alzheimers	NO TRANSLATION
amalgam	amalgam
amalgamation	amalgamasyon
amaretto	amaretto
amass	ranmase
amateur	amatè
amaze	etone
amazed	sezi
amazedness	NO TRANSLATION
amazement	sezi
amazing	etonan
amazingly	étonant
ambassador	anbasadè
amber	amber
ambience	anbyans
ambient	anbyen
ambiguity	anbigwite
ambiguous	Limit
ambit	anbisyon
ambition	Anbisyon
ambitious	anbisye
ambivalent	anbyans
ambrosia	Ambrosia
ambulance	anbilans
ambush	anbiskad
ameliorate	amelyore
amen	amèn
amenable	prèv
amend	amande
amendment	amannman
amends	amande
amenity	amenajman
amethyst	ametist
amiable	amikal
amicable	amikal
amid	nan milye
amidst	nan mitan
amino	amino
ammo	minisyon
ammonia	amonyak
ammonium	amonyòm
ammunition	minisyon
amnesia	amnésie
amnesty	amnisti
amorous	amoure
amorphous	amorphe
amortization	amortissement
amount	kantite lajan
amour	NO TRANSLATION
amp	amp
ampersand	ampersand
amphetamines	amfetamin
amphibian	anfibyen
amphibious	anfibi
amphitheater	amphitheater
ample	ase
amplification	anplifikasyon
amplify	anplifye
amplitude	anplitid
amply	anpil
amputate	amputate
amputation	anpitasyon
amuck	amuck
amulet	amilèt
amuse	amize
amused	s'amuse
amusement	amizman
amusing	amizan
ana	NO TRANSLATION
anaconda	anakonda
anaesthesia	anestezi
anaesthetic	anestezi
anagram	anagram
anal	nan dèyè
analgesic	analgesic
analogous	analòg
analogue	analogique
analogy	analoji
analysis	analiz
analyst	analis
analytic	analitik
analytical	analyse
analyze	analize
analyzer	analyser
anaphylactic	anaphylaktik
anarchism	anarchism
anarchist	anarchist
anarchy	anachi
anastomosis	anastomoz
anathema	Anatèm
anatomic	anatomik
anatomy	anatomi
ancestor	zansèt
ancestral	zansèt
ancestry	zansèt
anchor	jete lank
anchorage	anchorage
ancient	ansyen
ancillary	oksilyè
androgen	androgen
android	android
anecdote	anekdot
anemia	anemi
anemic	anemik
anemone	anemòn
anesthesia	anestezi
anesthesiologist	anestezi
anesthetic	anestezi
aneurysm	aneurism
anew	ankò
angel	anj
angelic	zanj
anger	kòlè
angered	fache
angermanagement	NO TRANSLATION
angina	anjin
angiogram	anjyogram
angiography	anjyografi
angle	ang
angling	Pêche
angora	angora
angriest	enkyetid
angry	fache
angrytweet	NO TRANSLATION
angst	anmè
anguish	lapenn
anguished	lapenn
angular	angilè
anhydrous	anidrit
animal	bèt
animate	anime
animated	anime
animation	Animasyon
animosity	animosite
animus	Animus
ankle	cheviy
anklet	anklet
annals	Annale
annex	anèks
annexation	anèks
annexe	NO TRANSLATION
annihilate	elimine
annihilated	anile
annihilation	anilasyon
anniversary	anivèsè
annotate	anote
annotation	anote
announce	anonse
announcement	anons
announcer	anonse
annoy	anbete
annoyance	anmèdan
annoyed	énervé
annoyin	NO TRANSLATION
annoying	anmèdan
annoys	anoi
annual	chak ane
annuity	anwite
annul	revoke
annular	annik
annulment	anilasyon
annulus	annulus
anointed	soulaje
anointing	alimantasyon
anomalous	anomalous
anomaly	anomali
anon	anon
anonymity	anonimite
anonymous	anonim
anorexic	anorèks
answer	Repons
answerable	reponn
answering	reponn
ant	ant
antagonism	antagonis
antagonist	antagonist
antagonistic	antagonik
antagonize	antagonize
ante	NO TRANSLATION
antecedent	antecedent
antelope	antilop
antenna	antèn
anterior	antérieure
anthem	imèn
anthill	anthill
anthology	Anthology
anthrax	anthrax
anthropological	antwopolojik
anthropologist	antwopològ
anthropology	antwopoloji
anti	anti
antiaircraft	antye
antibiotic	antibyotik
antibiotics	antibyotik
antichrist	antikristyanism
anticipate	prevwa
anticipation	antisipasyon
anticipatory	anticipatory
antics	antik
antidote	antidot
antifungal	antifonjik
antigravity	antigravite
antimony	antimony
antipathy	antipati
antiquarian	antikye
antiquated	ansyen
antique	antik
antiques	lantikite
antiquity	antikite
antiseptic	Antiseptik
antisocial	antisosyal
antithesis	antitèz
antithetical	antitetik
antiviral	antiviral
antler	antler
antsy	antsy
anus	anus
anvil	anvil
anxiety	enkyetid
anxietyattack	NO TRANSLATION
anxious	enkyete
anxiousness	enkyetid
anytime	nenpòt lè
aorta	Aorta
aortic	aortik
apace	apace
apache	Apache
apartment	apatman
apartments	apatman
apathetic	endiferan
apathy	Apeti
ape	Makak
aperture	Ouverture
apex	Apex
aphid	afich
aphrodisiac	Aphrodizyak
apiece	yon moso
aplomb	aplon
apocalypse	Apocalypse
apocalyptic	Apokalips
apologetic	apolojik
apologist	apològ
apologize	mande padon
apology	ekskiz
apostasy	apostazi
apostate	aposta
apostle	apòt
apostolic	apostolik
apostrophe	apostwòf
apothecary	Apotekè
appalled	sezi
appalling	terifyan
apparatus	aparèy
apparel	rad
apparent	aparan
apparently	aparamman
apparition	aparisyon
appeal	fè apèl la
appear	parèt
appearance	aparans
appease	fè apèl
appellant	apèl la
append	ajoute
appendage	Apendis
appendectomy	Apendetik
appendicitis	Apendis
appendix	anèks
appetite	apeti
appetizer	Aperitif
appetizing	Apetisan
applaud	bat bravo
applause	aplodisman
apple	pòm
apple juice	ji pòm
applejack	applejack
applesauce	pòm
appliance	aparèy
appliances	aparèy yo
applicability	aplikab
applicable	aplikab
applicant	aplikan
application	aplikasyon
apply	aplike
appoint	nonmen
appointment	randevou
appointments	randevou
apportion	divizyon
apportionment	Distribisyon
appraisal	evalyasyon
appraise	Evalye
appreciable	apresye
appreciate	apresye
appreciated	apresye
appreciates	apresye
appreciation	apresyasyon
appreciative	apresye
apprehend	arete
apprehension	arèstasyon
apprehensive	kretyen
apprentice	apranti
apprenticeship	aprantisaj
approach	apwòch
approaching	apwoche
approbate	NO TRANSLATION
approbation	apwobasyon
appropriate	apwopriye
appropriation	afektasyon
approval	apwouve
approve	apwouve
approved	apwouve
approvement	apwobasyon
approving	apwouve
approximate	apwoksimatif
approximately	apeprè
approximating	apwoksimatif
approximation	apwoksimasyon
appurtenances	aparans
apricot	abiko
apron	Kabina
apt	Apt
aptitude	aptitid
aqua	aqua
aquamarine	aquamarine
aquarium	akwaryòm
aquatic	akwatik
aqueduct	akduk
aqueous	akeuz
arable	arab
arbiter	arbiter
arbitrary	abitrè
arbitrate	arbitrate
arbitration	abitraj
arbitrator	medyatè
arbor	arbor
arc	arc
arcade	Arcade
arcane	arcane
arch	vout
archaeological	akeyolojik
archaeologist	akeyològ
archaeology	akeyoloji
archaic	reyaksyonè
archangel	arkanj
archbishop	monsenyè
archdiocese	Achidyosèz
archduke	Archduke
arched	vout
archer	Archer
archery	archery
archetype	arketip
archipelago	achipèl
architect	achitèk
architectural	achitekti
architecture	achitekti
archive	achiv
arctic	aktik
ardent	ardent
ardor	jidisyè
arduous	jòb ki vrèman difisil
area	zòn nan
arena	tèren
areola	seola
areyoukidding	NO TRANSLATION
areyoukiddingme	NO TRANSLATION
argent	NO TRANSLATION
argh	argh
arghh	NO TRANSLATION
arghhhh	NO TRANSLATION
argue	diskite
argument	agiman
argumentation	agiman
argumentative	agiman
arguments	agiman
arid	arid
arise	leve
aristocracy	aristokrasi
aristocrat	aristocrate
aristocratic	aristokrat
arithmetic	aritmetik
ark	ark
arm	bra
armada	zam
armament	zam
armaments	zam
armature	aranjman
armchair	fotèy
armed	ame
armor	zam
armored	blende
armory	zam
armpit	anbabye
arms	bra
army	lame
aroma	bon sant
aromatherapy	aromaterapi
arousal	eksitasyon
arouse	eksite
aroused	te eksite
arraignment	aranjman
arrange	ranje
arranged	ranje
arrangement	aranjman
array	etalaj
arrears	aryere yo
arrest	arestasyon
arrhythmia	aritmi
arrival	arive
arrive	rive
arrogance	awogans
arrogant	arogan
arrow	flèch
arsehole	arsehole
arseholes	arseholes
arsenal	asenal
arsenic	asenik
arson	mete dife
arsonist	arsonist
art	atizay
arterial	atè
artery	atè
artful	koken
arthritis	atrit
arthropod	arthropod
artichoke	Aticho
article	atik
articles	atik
articulate	articuler
articulation	atikilasyon
artifact	asosif
artifice	artifice
artificial	atifisyèl
artillery	zam
artisan	atizan
artist	atis
artiste	NO TRANSLATION
artistic	atistik
artistry	atistik
artists	atis
artwork	travay atistik
arty	Atizay
asap	asap
asbestos	asbesto
ascend	monte
ascendancy	asansyon
ascendant	asandant
ascending	monte
ascension	Asansyon
ascent	monte
ascertain	rann kont
ascertained	detèmine
ascetic	asèt
ash	sann
ashamed	wont
ashes	sann
ashtray	sandriye
asinine	asinin
ask	mande
asleeep	NO TRANSLATION
asleep	dòmi
asp	asp
asparagus	aspèj
aspartame	aspartame
aspect	aspè
aspects	Aspè
aspen	aspen
asphalt	asfalt
asphyxia	asfiksi
asphyxiation	asfiksi
aspiration	aspirasyon
aspire	renmen
aspirin	aspirin
aspiring	aspiran
ass	manman bourik
assail	detèmine
assailant	atakan
assassin	asasen
assassinate	asasen
assassination	asasina
assault	atak
assay	pran echantiyon
assemblage	asanble
assemble	rasanble
assembled	reyini
assembly	Asanble
assemblyman	asanble
assent	aji
assert	afime
asserting	deklare
assertion	deklarasyon
assertive	assertive
assess	evalye
assessment	evalyasyon
assessor	Evalyatè
asset	avantaj
assets	byen
asshole	estipid
assign	bay
assignee	asistan
assignment	plasman
assimilate	asimile
assimilation	asimilasyon
assist	ede
assistance	asistans
assistant	asistan
associate	asosye
association	asosyasyon
assorted	asòti
assortment	varyete
assuage	afekte
assume	asime
assumed	sipoze
assuming	asepte
assumption	sipozisyon
assurance	asirans
assure	asire
assured	asire ou
assuredly	byen
asterisk	asterisk
asteroid	astewoyid
asteroids	astewoyid
asthma	opresyon
asthmatic	Asthmatik
astigmatism	Astigmatism
astonish	etone
astonished	sezi
astonishing	etonan
astonishingly	NO TRANSLATION
astonishment	sezi
astound	etone
astral	astral
astray	tris
astringent	dantre
astrologer	astrolog
astrology	Astwoloji
astronaut	astwonòt
astronomer	astwonòm
astronomical	astwonomik
astronomy	Astwonomi
astute	rize
asunder	janbe
asylum	azil
asymmetric	asimetri
asymmetry	Asymétrie
asymptotic	asikptotik
atelier	atelier
atheism	ateism
atheist	ate
atheistic	ate
atherosclerosis	ateroskleroz
athlete	atlèt
athletic	atletik
athleticism	atletik
athletics	atletik
atlas	atlas
atmosphere	atmosfè
atmospheric	atmosferik
atoll	atol
atom	atòm
atomic	atomik
atone	aton
atonement	ekspyasyon
atpeace	atpeace
atrium	atrium
atrocious	atròs
atrocity	atwosite
atrophy	atrofi
attach	tache
attached	atache
attachment	atachman
attack	atak
attacker	atakè
attacking	atake
attain	atenn
attainable	atenn
attainment	akonplisman
attempt	tantativ
attempted	eseye
attend	ale nan
attendance	prezans
attendant	asistan
attention	atansyon
attentionseeker	NO TRANSLATION
attentionseekers	NO TRANSLATION
attentive	atantif
attenuate	atenye
attenuated	atenye
attenuation	atenuasyon
attest	ateste
attestation	atestasyon
attic	grenye
attire	vètman
attitude	atitid
attorney	avoka
attract	atire
attraction	atraksyon
attractive	atire
attractiveness	plus
attributable	atribuabl
attribute	atribi
attribution	attribution
attrition	atraksyon
auburn	Auburn
auction	vann piblik
auctioneer	vann piblik
audacious	odasyeu
audacity	odasye
audible	sonib
audience	odyans
audio	odyo
audit	kontwòl kontab
audition	odisyon
auditions	odisyon
auditor	oditè
auditorium	oditoryòm
auditory	oditif
aught	aught
augment	ogmante
augmentation	ogmantasyon
august	Out
aunt	matant
auntie	auntie
aura	Aura
aurora	aurora
auspices	epès
auspicious	favorab
austere	ki di
austerity	osterite
authentic	natif natal
authenticate	Otantifye
authentication	Otantifikasyon
authenticity	otantisite
author	otè
authoritative	otorite
authority	otorite
authorization	otorizasyon
authorize	otorize
authorized	otorize
authorship	patènite
autism	otis
autistic	otis
auto	oto
autobiographical	otobiografik
autobiography	otobiyografi
autocorrect	autocorrect
autocratic	otokratik
autograph	otograf
autographed	otografi
automated	otomatik
automatic	otomatik
automobile	otomobil
automotive	otomobil
autonomy	otonomi
autopilot	otopilot
autopsy	otopsi
autumn	otòn
auxiliary	oksilyè
avail	pwofite
availability	disponiblite
available	disponib
avalanche	lavalas
avarice	avarice
avatar	avatar
avenge	vanje
avenger	avyon
avenging	vanjans
avenue	avni
aver	NO TRANSLATION
average	mwayèn
aversation	NO TRANSLATION
averse	advèrsèr
averseness	averseness
aversion	Aversion
avert	evite
aviary	aviary
aviation	aviyasyon
aviator	aviator
avid	grangou
avocado	zaboka
avoid	evite
avoidance	evite
avoiding	evite
await	tann
awake	reveye
awaken	reveye
awakening	Awakening
award	prim
awards	prim
aware	okouran
awareness	konsyans
awe	NO TRANSLATION
awed	awed
awesome	awizom
awesomeness	awesomeness
awestruck	awestruck
awful	terib
awkward	gòch
awkwardness	malèz
awning	banza
awry	fou
axe	rach
axial	axial
axiom	aksyòm
axiomatic	aksyomatik
axis	aks
axle	aks
ay	ay
aye	Aye
azimuth	azimit
azure	ble
babble	babble
babbling	tranbleman
babe	Babe
baboon	babon
baby	ti bebe
babysit	babysit
babysitter	Babysitter
baccalaureate	Bakaloreya
baccarat	Baccarat
bachelor	bakaloreya
bachelorette	bachlorèt
back	tounen
backboard	bak
backbone	rèl do
backdoor	pòt dèyè
backdrop	seri
backer	fè bak
backfire	fè bak
backgammon	bakgamon
background	background
backhand	tournwa
backhoe	machandiz
backoff	bak
backpack	sakado
backpacker	backpacker
backroom	salon
backseat	backseat
backside	dèyè
backtrack	rtour
backup	backup
backward	bak
backwardness	feblès
backwards	bak
backwater	rmou
backwoods	raje
backyard	lakou
bacon	bekonn
bacteria	bakteri
bacterial	bakteri
bacterium	bakteri
bad	move
badass	badass
badday	NO TRANSLATION
badfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
badge	badj
badger	badger
badhabit	NO TRANSLATION
badly	seryezman
badness	mechanste
baffle	bifle
baffled	baffled
bag	sak
bagel	bagel
baggage	bagaj
baggie	baggie
baggy	Baggy
bagman	bagman
bagpipes	sak
bail	kosyon
bailiff	Gouverneurs
bait	Garnier
bake	kwit
bakery	boulanjri
baking	boulanjri
bal	NO TRANSLATION
balance	balans
balanced	balanse
balcony	balkon
bald	chòv
balding	balding
baldy	baldy
bale	bal
balk	balkon
ball	boul
ballad	Chansons
ballast	balè
ballerina	balerin
ballet	balè
ballgame	boul
ballistic	balistik
ballistics	balistik
balloon	balon
ballot	bilten vòt
ballpark	boulpark
ballplayer	ballplayer
ballpoint	boulon
ballroom	bal
ballsy	ballsy
balm	balm
balmy	balmy
balsam	bale
balsamic	balsamik
bam	bam
bamboo	banbou
ban	NO TRANSLATION
banana	bannann
band	bann
bandage	bandaj
bandanna	NO TRANSLATION
bandit	ansasen
bandstand	bandstand
bandwagon	mouvman
bandwidth	Pleasant
bane	malè
bang	bang
banger	banger
banish	bani
banished	depòte
banishment	Ban
banister	repiyans
banjo	banjo
bank	bank
banker	Bankye
banking	bankè
bankroll	bankroll
bankrupt	depourvu
bankruptcy	fayit
banner	banyè
banquet	bankè
banshee	banshee
banter	benyen
banzai	NO TRANSLATION
baptism	batèm
baptismal	batèm
baptize	batize
bar	bar
barb	barb
barbarian	barbares
barbaric	barbarism
barbarism	barbarism
barbecue	babekyou
barbed	barbele
barber	kwafè
barbershop	Barbershop
barbie doll	barbie poupe
bard	bard
bare	fè
bareback	bareback
barefoot	mache pye atè
barely	apèn
barf	barf
bargain	negosye
bargaining	negosyasyon
barge	chalan
baritone	baritone
barium	barium
bark	jape
barkeep	barkeep
barks	yo
barley	lòj
barmaid	baraid
barman	barman
barn	galata
barnacle	barnak
barney	barney
barnyard	barnyard
barometer	bawomèt
baron	Baron
baroness	baroness
baroque	barok
barrack	kazèn
barracuda	barrakuda
barrage	baraj
barred	entèdi
barrel	barik
barren	fè pitit
barricade	barikad
barrier	baryè
barring	anpeche
barrister	avoka
barroom	salon
barrow	kari
bartender	Barman
barter	twòk
base	baz
baseball	bezbòl
baseball bat	baton bezbòl
baseboard	planch
baseless	san valè
baseline	debaz
baseman	baseman
basement	sousòl
bases	baz
bash	bach
bashful	bashful
basic	debaz
basics	Basics
basil	Basil
basilica	Bazilik
basin	basen
basis	baz
bask	dore
basket	panyen
basketball	baskètbòl
bass	bas
bass guitar	bas gita
basso	NO TRANSLATION
bassoon	bawon
bastard	bata
bastarding	bastarding
bastards	bastards
bastion	bastion
bat	baton
batch	pakèt
batching	pakèt
bate	NO TRANSLATION
bath	benyen
bathe	benyen
bathhouse	benyen
bathing	benyen
bathrobe	moumou
bathroom	twalèt
bathtub	benyen
bathymetry	bathymetry
baton	baton
battalion	batayon
batter	batri
battered	bat
battering	bat
battery	batri
battle	batay
battled	batay
battlefield	chan batay
battleground	chan batay
battlements	chanpiyon
battleship	kwirase
batty	batty
bauble	bauble
bawdy	bawdy
bawl	bawl
bay	Bay
bayonet	Bayonèt
bayou	Bayou
bazaar	baza
bazooka	bazouka
bday	bday
be	être
beach	plaj
beaches	plaj
beacon	Beacon
bead	chaplèt
beading	chaplèt
beads	pèl
beady	beady
beagle	beagle
beak	bèk
beaker	Beaker
beam	gwo bout bwa
beaming	blan
bean	pwa
beanbag	Bannann
beanie	beanie
bear	lous
bearable	chaje
beard	bab
bearded	briyan
bearer	gad
bearing	kote yo pote
bearings	bi
bearish	Baryè
bearskin	Bearskin
beast	bèt
beastly	bèt
beat	bat
beaten	bat
beater	baton
beating	bat
beatnik	beatnik
beau	beau
beautification	anbelisman
beautiful	bèl
beautify	bèl
beauty	bote
beaver	kastò
bebop	bebop
beck	beck
beckon	fèy
become	vin tounen
bed	kabann
bedding	kabann
bedpan	kabann
bedrock	soubasman
bedroom	chanm
bedside	kabann
bedspread	koule
bedtime	dòmi
bee	myèl
beef	vyann bèf
beefsteak	beefsteak
beehive	beehive
beep	bèy
beeper	bipè
beer	byè
bees	myèl
beeswax	sire
beetle	skarabe
befall	tonbe
befitting	befitting
befriend	trete an zanmi
befuddled	befuddled
beg	mande
beggar	plenyen
begging	t'ap mande charite
begin	kòmanse
beginner	debutan
beginning	kòmanse
beginnings	kòmanse
begrudge	kontan
begun	kòmanse
behappy	NO TRANSLATION
behave	konpòte yo
behavior	konpòtman
behavioral	konpòtman
behemoth	behemoth
behest	verifye
behold	gade
beholden	te kenbe
beholder	chofè
beige	beige
belated	chaje
belay	belay
belch	belch
belief	kwayans
believable	kredib
believe	kwè
believed	kwè
believer	kwayan
believing	kwè
belittle	bite
belittled	belittled
bell	klòch
bellboy	bellboy
bellhop	bellhop
belligerent	belligerent
bellman	bellman
bellow	klòch
bellows	bellows
belly	vant
bellybutton	bellybutton
bellyful	vant
belong	fè pati
belongings	bagay yo
beloved	renmen anpil
belt	senti
beluga	beluga
bemused	tris
bench	ban
bend	pliye
bender	Bender
bending	koube
beneath	anba
benedictory	benediktè
benefactor	benefisye
beneficial	benefisye
beneficiary	benefisyè
benefit	benefisye
benevolence	benevolans
benevolent	benediksyon
benign	beni
bent	bese
benzene	benzèn
bequeath	lè
bequest	konvèti
bereaved	pèdi
bereavement	tris
bereft	rejte
beret	bè
bergamot	bergamot
berlin	berlin
berserk	berserk
berth	berth
beryllium	beryllium
beseech	beseech
beset	okipe
bestdayever	Bestdayever
bestfeeling	Bestfeeling
bestfriends	Bon zanmi
bestial	pi bon
besties	bè
bestow	achte
bestseller	bèstzele
bet	parye
beta	beta
betray	trayi
betrayal	trayizon
betrayed	trayi
betrothed	fiyanse
betterment	amelyorasyon
betting	parayj
betty	Betty
bevel	bizote
beverage	bwason
bevy	konprandr
beware	pran prekosyon
bewilder	konplo
bewildered	dezoryante
bewilderment	konfizyon
bias	patipri
biased	dezas
bib	bib
bible	Bib la
biblical	biblik
bibliography	bibliyografi
bicarbonate	bikabonat
bicentennial	bicentennial
biceps	biceps
bicker	bicker
bickering	britalite
bicolor	bicolor
bicycle	bisiklèt
bid	òf
bidder	machandè
bidding	òf
bide	NO TRANSLATION
biennial	Biennial
bier	NO TRANSLATION
bifurcation	bifurcation
big	gwo
bigamy	bigamy
bigday	gwo jou
biggestfear	NO TRANSLATION
biggie	biggie
bighorn	bighorn
bigmouth	bigmouth
bigot	bigot
bigoted	Grandi
bigotry	prejije
bike	bisiklèt
biker	motar
bikini	bikini
bilateral	bilateral
bilayer	bilayer
bile	kòlè
bilge	Bilgari
bilingual	bileng
bill	bòdwo
billboard	afichaj
billet	bale
billiard	biyar
billiards	bilyar
billing	bòdwo
billion	milya dola
billionaire	bilyonè
billy	Billy
bimbo	bimbo
bimonthly	bimè
bin	bin
binary	binè
bind	mare
binder	lyan
bindery	bindery
binding	obligatwa
bing	bing
binge	banjèd
bingo	bengo
binocular	binokilè
binoculars	longvi
binomial	binomial
bio	bio
biochemical	byochimik
biochemist	byochimist
biochemistry	byochimik
biogenesis	byoenèz
biographer	byograf
biography	biyografi
biological	byolojik
biologist	byolojis
biology	byoloji
bionic	byonik
biopsy	byopsi
biosphere	byosfèr
bipartite	bipartite
bipolar	bipolè
birch	Birch
bird	zwazo
birdcage	vèt
birdie	birdie
birdman	birdman
birth	nesans
birthday	anivèsè nesans
birthing	nesans
birthmark	nesans
birthplace	Kote li fèt
birthright	dwa kòm premye pitit
bis	NO TRANSLATION
biscuit	biskit
bisexual	bisexual
bishop	evèk
bison	bizon
bisque	pike
bistro	bistro
bit	ti jan
bitch	bitch
bitchy	bitchy
bite	mòde
biter	NO TRANSLATION
bitsy	bitsy
bitter	anmè
bitterly	anmè kou fièl
bitterness	anmè
bittersweet	amèr
bitty	Bitty
bitumen	bitumen
biweekly	danjere
biz	biz
bizarre	ra
blab	blab
blabbermouth	blabbermouth
black	nwa
black snake	nwa koulèv
blackberry	blackberry
blackbird	blackbird
blackboard	tablo
blacken	nwa
blackface	blackface
blackjack	blakjak
blacklist	lis nwa
blackmail	chantaj
blackmailer	blackmailer
blackness	nwa
blackout	blakawout
blacksmith	forj
bladder	nan blad pipi
blade	lam
blame	blame
blameless	san repwòch
bland	mare
blank	vid
blanket	dra
blare	blare
blase	NO TRANSLATION
blasphemous	blasfèm
blasphemy	blasfèm
blast	eksplozyon
blaster	boutfeu
blastoff	blastoff
blatant	flagran
blather	benyen
blaze	flanm dife
blazer	blazer
blazing	flanm dife
bleach	klowòks
bleak	fèb
bleed	senyen
bleeder	bleeder
bleeding	senyen
bleep	kònen
blemish	bèbè
blemished	blemished
blend	melanj
blender	blendè
blending	melanje
bless	beni
blessed	beni
blessing	benediksyon
blessings	benediksyon
bleu	bleu
blight	cheche
blighted	cheche
blimp	blimp
blind	avèg
blinded	bouche
blindfold	blindfold
blindfolded	blindfolded
blinding	avegleman
blindly	je fèmen
blindness	avèg
blink	bat
blip	blip
bliss	bonè
blissful	benediksyon
blister	ti anpoul
blistering	blistering
blitz	Blitz
blizzard	Blizzard
bloat	bloat
bloated	boure
blob	pate
block	blòk
blockade	blokaj
blockage	blokaj
blockbuster	sukse
blockhead	blokaj
blog	blog
bloke	bloke
blond	blond
blonde	blond
blood	san
bloodbath	san
bloodhound	san an
bloodless	san
bloodline	san liy
bloodshed	san koule
bloodshot	san
bloodstream	san
bloodthirsty	asasen
bloody	san
bloom	fleri
bloomers	bloomers
blooming	éklèrè
blossom	flè
blot	efase
blotched	blotched
blotter	blotter
blouse	kòsaj
blow	kònen
blower	vantilatè
blowfish	blowfish
blowing	mouche
blowjob	pip
blown	kònen
blowout	épouvantabl
blowtorch	kònen klewon
blubber	blubber
bluddy	bluddy
blue	ble
blue spruce	ble Spruce
blueberry	blouberry
bluebird	bluebird
bluegrass	bluegrass
bluejay	Bluejay
blueprint	plan
blues	blues
bluff	blòf
bluish	blouye
blunder	bèbè
blunt	bèbè
blur	flou
blurred	twoub
blurry	twoub
blurt	blese
blush	ront
blushing	blushing
boa	NO TRANSLATION
boa constrictor	NO TRANSLATION
boar	kochon
board	tablo
board game	tablo jwèt
boarder	NO TRANSLATION
boarding	monte
boardroom	boardroom
boards	ankadreman
boardwalk	tablo
boast	fè grandizè
boastful	prese
boasting	fè grandizè
boat	bato
boathouse	boathouse
boating	bato
boatload	bato
boatman	boatman
bobbin	bobbin
bobcat	bobcat
bobsled	bobi
bode	anbete
bodega	bodega
bodice	fimye
bodily	kò
body	kò
bodyguard	gad kò
bog	mare
bogey	bogey
bogeyman	Bogeyman
bogus	fos
bohemian	ensèk nuizib
boil	bouyi
boiler	chofaj
boilerplate	chodyè
boiling	bouyi
boisterous	fò
bold	fonse
boldness	konviksyon
bollocks	bollocks
bolster	ranfòse
bolt	boulon
bolus	bolus
bomb	bonm
bombard	bonbard
bombardier	bombardier
bombardment	bonbadman
bombed	bonbade
bomber	commando
bombers	bonm
bombing	bonbadman
bombshell	bonm
bonanza	bonanza
bonbon	NO TRANSLATION
bond	kosyon
bondage	esklavaj
bonding	lyezon
bonds	obligasyon
bondsman	bondsman
bone	zo
bonehead	bonehead
boner	bonè
bones	zo
bonfire	feu
bong	bong
bonkers	bonkers
bonne	NO TRANSLATION
bonnet	bonnèt
bonny	bonny
bonsai	bonsai
bonus	bonis
bony	cheve
boo	boo
boob	boob
booby	baskile
booger	booger
boogeyman	boogeyman
boogie	boogie
book	Liv
bookcase	etajè
bookie	liv
booking	anrjistreman
bookish	bookish
bookkeeper	kontab
bookkeeping	kontabl
booklet	ti liv
bookmaker	boukmèyker
bookmark	makè
books	liv
bookseller	livè
bookshop	bookshop
bookstore	libreri
bookworm	livworm
boom	boom
boomer	boume
boomerang	boomerang
booming	en
boon	Boon
boooo	NO TRANSLATION
boost	ranfòse
booster	rapèl
boot	bòt
booth	izolwa
bootleg	bootleg
bootlegger	bootlegger
boots	bòt
booty	priz
booze	bibwon
bop	bop
bopper	bopper
border	fwontyè
bordering	fontyè
borderline	Borderline
bore	fè
boreal	boreal
bored	anniye
boredom	annwi
borer	bore
boring	raz
born	fèt
boron	bor
borough	minisipalite
borrow	prete
borrower	prete lajan
bosom	bosom
boss	bòs nan travay la
bossy	bossy
boston	boston
botanical	botanik
botanist	botanist
botany	Botanik
bother	anmède
bothering	tris
bottle	boutèy
bottleneck	enèji
bottling	boutèy
bottom	anba
bottomless	fon
botulism	botulism
boulder	Boulder
bounce	rebondisman
bouncer	bouncer
bouncy	bouncy
bound	mare
boundary	fwontyè
boundless	san limit
bounds	limit
bountiful	bon
bounty	Bounty
bouquet	Bouquet
bourbon	bourbon
bourgeois	boujwa
bourgeoisie	boujwa
bourse	bourse
bout	bout
boutique	boutik
bouttime	bout tan
bovine	bèf
bow	banza
bowed	bese
bowel	entesten
bowels	zantray
bowl	bòl
bowler	Bowler
bowling	Bowling
bowls	bòl
box	bwat
boxcar	boxcar
boxer	bokseur
boxers	bokseur
boxing	boksè
boy	ti gason
boycott	bòykòt
boyfriend	mennaj
boyhood	anfans
boyish	jivenil
boysenberry	boysenberry
bozo	bozo
bra	soutyen
brace	atèl
bracelet	braslè
braces	aparèy òtopedik
brachial	brachial
bracket	bracket
brackets	parantèz
brackish	brackish
brad	brad
brag	fè djòlè
braid	galon
brain	sèvo
brainless	brainless
brains	sèvo
brainstorm	brase tanpèt
brainwash	sèvo
brainy	brainy
brake	fren
bran	bran
branch	branch
branching	branch
brand	mak
brandy	Brandy
brash	bras
brass	kwiv
brass knuckle	an kwiv
brassiere	brassiere
brat	brat
bratwurst	bratweur
bravado	bravado
brave	brav
bravery	kouraj
brawl	tapaj
brawn	brawn
brazen	brase
breach	vyolasyon
bread	pen
breadth	lajè
break	kraze
breakable	kraze
breakaway	kraze
breakdown	kraze
breaker	brekè
breakers	kasè yo
breakfast	manje maten
breaking and entering	kase ak antre
breakingnews	Denye nouvel
breakneck	Breakneck
breakthrough	zouti
breakup	separe
breast	tete
breath	souf
breathe	respire
breather	rale
breathless	san souf
breathtaking	mayifik
breech	kale
breeches	kale
breed	kwaze
breeder	reproduksion
breeding	elvaj
breeze	briz
breezy	brizi
brethren	frè m yo
breve	NO TRANSLATION
brevity	konsantman
brew	melanje
brewery	brasri
brewing	bwason
briar	briar
bribe	kòronp
bribery	koripsyon
brick	brik
bridal	Bridal
bride	lamarye
bridegroom	marye
bridesmaid	oneur
bridge	pon
bridle	bridle
brief	kout
briefcase	valiz
briefing	brèf
briefly	yon ti tan
brig	brig
brigade	brigad
bright	klere
brighten	eklere
brightens	klere
brighter	briyan
brightness	klète
brilliance	klere
brilliant	briyan
brim	bri
brimming	briyan
brimstone	souf
brine	sèl
bring	pote
brink	bord
brisk	vitès
brisket	briskèt
bristle	bros
brittle	frajil
bro	bro
broach	bri
broad	laj
broadcast	emisyon
broadcasting	difize
broaden	elaji
broadside	gran wout
broadsword	broadsword
brocade	brocade
broccoli	bwokoli
brochure	bwochi
broil	bril
broke	kase
broken	kase
brokenheart	NO TRANSLATION
brokenhearted	tranche
broker	koutye
brokerage	Brokerage
bromide	bromide
bronco	bronco
bronze	kwiv
brooch	broch
brood	ti gason
brooding	brooding
brook	ravin
broom	bale
broomstick	broomstick
broth	bouyon
brothel	bordel
brother	frè
brotherhood	Fratènite
brotherly	frè
brow	tèt
brown	mawon
brownstone	brownstone
browse	browse
brrr	brrr
bruise	kraze
bruising	ematom
brunch	kolasyon
brunette	femèl
brunt	brunt
brush	bwòs
brutal	brital
brutality	britalite
brute	brital
brutish	brutish
bubble	jarèt
bubbling	ebulisyon
bubbly	petiyan
bubonic	bubonic
buck	buck
buckaroo	buckaroo
bucket	bokit
buckle	boukl
buckled	vwale
bucko	bucko
buckshot	buckshot
buckwheat	Buckwheat
bud	boujon
buddha	Bouddha
buddhism	Boudis
buddhist	Boudis
budding	boujònman
buddy	zanmi
budge	bouje
budget	bidjè
buff	buff
buffalo	Buffalo
buffer	tanpon
buffering	tanpon
buffet	dégéné
buffoon	buffoon
bug	ensèk
bugaboo	bugaboo
bugged	ekout
bugger	bugger
buggy	buggy
bugle	bugle
bugler	bugler
build	bati
builder	mason
building	bilding
buildings	bilding
buildup	konstwi
bulb	anpoul
bulbous	bulbe
bulge	bonbe
bulimic	bulimik
bulk	èstime
bulkhead	balon
bulky	ankonbran
bull	ti towo bèf
bulldog	bulldog
bulldozer	bouteur
bullet	bal
bulletin	Bilten
bulletproof	bal
bullfighter	ti towo bèf
bullfrog	bullfrog
bullheaded	ti towo bèf
bullhorn	ti towo bèf
bullion	Bullion
bullock	towo bèf
bullpen	Bullpen
bullshit	eklatman
bully	entimide
bulwark	anpeche
bum	bom
bumblebee	bourdon
bummed	bom
bummer	bummer
bump	boul
bumper	eksepsyonèl
bumpy	aksidante
bun	NO TRANSLATION
bunch	pakèt
bundle	pake
bungalow	bungalow
bungee	bungee
bunghole	bunghole
bunion	oyon
bunk	bunk
bunker	bunker
bunkhouse	bunkhouse
bunny	Bunny
bunt	bunt
buoy	buoy
buoyancy	kontwole
buoyant	vwayan
bur	bur
burden	chay
burdened	chay
burdensome	lou
bureau	biwo
bureaucracy	biwokrasi
bureaucrat	bureaucrat
bureaucratic	biwokratik
burger	Burger
burglar	kanbriyolè
burglary	vòlè
burial	antèman
buried	antere l
burke	burke
burlap	twal
burlesque	burlesque
burly	toupatou
burn	boule
burned	boule
burner	brûler
burning	boule
burnished	boule
burnout	boule
burnt	boule nèt
burp	burp
burr	Burr
burrito	tòtiya
burro	NO TRANSLATION
burrow	Rfou
bursary	bursè
burst	pete
bury	antere
bus	otobis
busboy	busboy
bush	ti touf bwa
bushel	bushel
bushy	BUSHY
business	biznis
business man	NO TRANSLATION
businessman	biznisman
businesswoman	komèsan
busload	busload
buss	buss
bust	jarèt
busted	bustèd
buster	Buster
bustle	ajitasyon
bustling	trè aktif
busy	okipe
busybody	okipe moun
butane	Butane
butcher	bouche
butler	Butler
butt	bou
butter	bè
buttercup	buttercup
butterfly	papiyon
buttermilk	buttermilk
butterscotch	butterscotch
buttery	bèfri
buttock	dèyè
buttocks	bounda
button	bouton
buttress	bouche
buxom	bukom
buy	achte
buyer	achtè
buying	achte
buzz	Buzz
buzzard	Buzz
buzzed	Buzz
buzzer	buzzer
buzzing	Buzz
bye	bye
bygone	pa ale
bylaw	règleman
byline	byline
bypass	kontoune
bystander	bystander
byte	byte
byzantine	Byzantine
cab	kabinè
cabal	kabal
cabana	kabana
cabaret	Kabarè
cabbage	chou
cabbie	cabbie
cabernet	kabèrnet
cabin	kabin
cabinet	kabinè
cable	kab
caboodle	kaboud
caboose	kaboose
cabriolet	kabriyolèt
cache	kachèt
cacophony	kakofoni
cactus	kaktis
cad	kad
cadaver	kadav
caddie	NO TRANSLATION
caddy	kaddy
cadence	kadans
cadet	cadet
cafe	Kafe
cafeteria	kafeterya
caffeine	kafeyin
cage	kaj
cagey	cagey
cahoots	cahoots
cairn	karyè
cake	gato
cakewalk	cakewalk
calamari	calamari
calamitous	kalamite
calamity	malè
calcareous	Chalker
calcium	kalsyòm
calculate	kalkile
calculated	kalkile
calculating	kalkil
calculation	kalkil
calculator	kalkilatris
calculus	kalkil
calendar	kalandriye
calender	NO TRANSLATION
calf	ti towo bèf
caliber	kalib
calibrate	kalibre
calico	kaliko
calipers	konpa
calisthenics	Kalisthenik
call	rele
callback	Rele anko
caller	moun kap rele
calligraphy	kaligrafi
calling	rele
callous	san rete
calls	apèl
calm	kalm
calming	kalme
calmness	kalm
caloric	kalori
calorie	kalori
calorimeter	kaloriimèt
cam	Cam
camaraderie	kamaradri
camber	camber
camcorder	Camcorder
camel	chamo
cameo	vino
camera	kamera
cameraman	kameramann
camisole	kamizol
camouflage	kamouflaj
camouflaged	NO TRANSLATION
camp	kan
campaign	kanpay
campaigner	kanpay
campaigning	kanpay
camper	kanpay
campfire	boukan dife
camping	kan
campsite	Kan
campus	lakou lekòl la
can	kapab
can opener	ka bwat
canal	kanal
canary	kanè
cancel	anile
canceling	anile
cancellation	anile
cancer	kansè
candid	fran
candidacy	kandidati
candidate	kandida
candied	kondane
candle	chandèl
candlelight	chandèl
candles	bouji
candlestick	gwo lanp sèt branch lan
candor	candor
candy	sirèt
cane	kann
canine	kanin
canister	kanè
canker	kansè
cannabis	Cannabis
canned	nan bwat
cannibal	kanibal
cannibalism	kanibalism
canning	Canning
cannon	kanon
cannonball	obtu
canoe	kanoy
canon	kanon
canonical	kanonik
canons	kanon
canopy	canopy
cantaloupe	Kantaloup
cantbreathe	NO TRANSLATION
canteen	kantin
canterbury	Canterbury
canthandleit	NO TRANSLATION
cantilever	konsantre
cantina	kantin
canto	NO TRANSLATION
canton	Kanton
cantstandit	NO TRANSLATION
cantwin	cantwin
canvas	twal
canvass	NO TRANSLATION
canyon	Canyon
cap	bouchon
capability	kapasite
capable	kapab
capacity	kapasite
cape	Kap
caper	kaper
capillary	kapilè
capital	kapital la
capitalism	kapitalis
capitalist	kapitalis
capitalize	kapitalize
capitals	kapital yo
capitation	Kapitèn
capitol	kapitòl
capitulation	kapitilasyon
cappuccino	Kapuksino
caprice	caprice
capricious	kaprisyeuz
caps	bouchon
capslock	Majiskil
capsule	kapsil
captain	kapitènn
caption	caption
captivate	kaptive
captivating	kaptivan
captive	prizonye
captivity	kaptivite
captor	kaptivan
capture	kaptire
car	machin
caramel	karamèl
carat	karat
caravan	Karavàn
carbon	kabòn
carburetor	karburateur
carcass	kadav
carcinoma	kansè
card	kat
cardboard	bwat katon
cardiac	kadyak
cardigan	vandè
cardinal	kadinal
cardiologist	kadyològ
cardiology	kadyoloji
cardiomyopathy	kadyomyopati
cards	kat
care	swen
career	karyè
carefree	kont
careful	atansyon
carefully	ak anpil atansyon
careless	neglijans
carelessness	negligans
caress	karès
caret	karyè
caretaker	k ap pran swen
cargo	kago
caribou	Karibou
caricature	karikatur
caries	kari
caring	pran swen
carjack	Carjack
carnage	carnage
carnal	karnal
carnation	karnat
carnival	kanaval
carnivorous	kanivò
carol	karol
carols	chan
carousel	Carousel
carp	Carp
carpal	karpal
carpenter	bòs chapant
carpentry	chapant
carpet	tapi
carpeting	tapi
carpool	Vwayaje nan Menm Machin
carriage	cha
carried	te pote
carrier	konpayi asirans lan
carrot	kawòt
carry	pote
carrying	pote
carsick	Machin
cart	kabwa
carte	NO TRANSLATION
cartel	katèl
carter	carter
cartilage	Cartilage
cartographic	kartografik
cartography	kartografi
carton	katon
cartoon	desen ki pi ba
cartouche	NO TRANSLATION
cartridge	katouch
carve	skilte
carver	Carver
carving	Sur
cascade	Cascade
case	ka
casein	kazin
cash	lajan kach
cashier	kesye
cashmere	kashmir
casing	bwat
casino	kazino
cask	kask
casket	casket
casserole	marmite
cassette	kasèt
cast	jete
castaway	jete
caste	kas
caster	koule
castle	chato
castor	castor
castrate	castrate
castration	castration
casual	aksidantèl
casually	dekontrakte
casualty	aksidan
cat	chat
catabolism	katabolism
catalog	catalogue
catalogue	catalogue
catalysis	catalysis
catalyst	katalis
catalytic	katalitik
catamaran	katamaran
catapult	Catapult
cataract	katarakt
catastrophe	katastwòf
catastrophic	katastwofik
catatonic	Catatonic
catch	trape
catcher	ranmasaj
catching	pwan
catchphrase	trape
catchy	Hatian
catechism	katechism
categorical	Kategori
category	kategori
cater	founi
caterer	caterer
caterpillar	cheni
cates	kate
catfish	pwason chat
cathartic	cathartic
cathedral	katedral
catheter	katetè
catholic	katolik
cathouse	cathouse
catnip	catnip
cattle	bèt
catwalk	pase'l
caucus	Caucus
caudal	kaudal
cauldron	chodyè
cauliflower	chou
caulk	chouk
causal	kozatif
causality	kozalite
causation	kozalite
cause	kòz
caused	lakòz
causeway	wout
caution	prekosyon
cautionary	priyorite
cautious	pridan
cautiously	konsyamman
cavalier	kavalye
cavalry	kavalye
cave	twou wòch
caveat	Avètisman
caveman	caveman
cavern	kavèn
cavernous	kavèrneuz
caviar	kavya
caving	soutyen
cavity	kavite
cayenne	kayèn
cease	sispann
ceasefire	sispann
ceaseless	san rete
cedar	bwa sèd
cede	sede
ceiling	plafon
celebrant	selebran
celebrate	selebre
celebrated	selebre
celebrating	selebre
celebration	selebrasyon
celebrations	selebrasyon
celebratory	selebrasyon
celebrity	selèb
celery	seleri
celestial	selès
celibacy	seliba
celibate	seliba
cell	selil
cellar	kav
cellblock	selilblock
cellist	vyolèt
cellmate	selman
cello	violoncelle
cellophane	selofan
cellular	selilè
cellulite	selulit
celluloid	Seluloid
cement	siman
cemented	simante
cemetery	simityè
censor	sansib
censorship	sansi
censure	entèdiksyon
census	resansman
cent	santim
centenary	santyèm
centennial	santyèm
center	sant
centerfold	sant fiks
centerpiece	santral
centimeter	santimèt
centipede	santim
central	santral
centrality	santralite
centralization	santralizasyon
centralize	santralize
centrally	santralman
centrifugal	santrifuje
centrifuge	santrifi
centurion	kaptenn
century	syèk
ceramic	seramik
ceramics	seramik
cereal	sereyal
cereals	sereyal
cerebral	serebral
ceremonial	seremoni
ceremony	seremoni
certain	sèten
certainty	sètitid
certifiable	sètifye
certificate	sètifika
certified	sètifye
certify	sètifye
cervical	matris
cervix	kòl matris
cess	ses
cessation	sispann
cesspool	cesspool
cha cha	NO TRANSLATION
chaff	chaf
chafing	chafing
chagrin	chagrin
chagrined	chagrined
chai	Chai
chain	chèn
chainsaw	tronsoneuz
chair	chèz
chairman	prezidan
chairperson	prezidan
chairwoman	prezidan
chaise	chaise
chalet	Chalè
chalice	chalè
chalk	lakre
challenge	defi
challenger	pwovokatè
chamber	chanm
chambermaid	chanm
chambers	chanm
chameleon	Chameleon
champ	Champ
champagne	chanpay
champion	chanpyon
championship	chanpyona
chance	chans
chancellor	Chanselye
chandelier	chandelye
chandler	chandler
change	chanjman
changeable	chanjan
changed	chanje
changer	chanje
changing	chanje
channel	chanèl
chant	chant
chaos	dezòd
chaotic	chaotic
chap	chap
chapel	chapèl
chaperon	chaperon
chaplain	chaplèn
chapman	chapman
chaps	chap
chapter	chapit
char	Char
character	karaktè
characteristic	karakteristik
characterize	karakterize
charade	charade
charcoal	chabon
chardonnay	chardoney
charge	chaj
chargeable	peye
charger	plato
chariot	cha lagè
charisma	karismatik
charismatic	karismatik
charitable	charitab
charity	charite
charlatan	charlatan
charm	cham
charmed	cham
charmer	chik
charming	bon
charred	chire
chart	tablo
charter	charter school
chartered	chartered
chase	kouri dèyè
chased	kouri dèyè
chaser	chaser
chasm	Difisil
chassis	chasi
chaste	chase
chastened	chastened
chastisement	chastisement
chastity	chastete
chat	chat
chateau	chato
chatter	chatter
chatterbox	chatterbox
chattering	chattering
chatty	diskite
chauffeur	chofè
chauvinist	chauvinist
cheap	bon mache
cheapened	cheapened
cheapskate	cheapskate
cheat	tronpe
cheater	tronpeur
check	tcheke
checkbook	chèkbook
checker	chèk
checkered	tcheke
checkers	dam
checklist	lis verifikasyon
checkmate	chèk la
checkout	kesye
checkpoint	pòs
checkup	tcheke
cheek	souf
cheeks	machwè
cheeky	kulote
cheep	fwape
cheer	aplodi
cheered	fè fèt
cheerful	kè kontan
cheerfulness	kè kontan
cheering	bat bwavo
cheerleader	cheerleader
cheerleading	Majorèt
cheerless	kè kontan
cheers	cheers
cheery	cheery
cheese	fwomaj
cheeseburger	Cheeseburger
cheesecake	fwomaj
cheesy	cheesy
cheetah	cheetah
chef	chef
chemical	chimik
chemise	NO TRANSLATION
chemist	magazen
chemistry	chimi
chemo	chemo
chemotherapy	chimyoterapi
cheque	tcheke
cherish	cherish
cherishing	cherishing
cherry	Cherry
cherub	Cherub
chess	damye
chest	pwatrin
chestnut	chestnut
chevron	chevron
chew	moulen
chewy	chewy
chic	chik
chicane	chikane
chick	Chick
chicken	poul
chicken pox	poul pox
chickenpox	saranpyon
chief	chèf
chiefly	prensipalman
chieftain	chèf
chiffon	Chifon
child	timoun
childbirth	akouchman
childhood	timoun
childish	timoun
childless	san pitit
childlike	timoun
childloss	NO TRANSLATION
children	timoun yo
chili	chili
chill	fredi
chilled	frèt
chilling	refrijerasyon
chilly	frwa
chime	chimye
chimera	chimera
chimes	kriye
chimney	chemine
chimp	chimp
chimpanzee	chenpanze
chin	manton
china	Lachin
chinchilla	Chinchilla
chine	NO TRANSLATION
chinook	Chinook
chip	chip
chipmunk	chipmunk
chipper	chipper
chipping	chip
chiropractor	kiropratisyen
chirp	sirèt
chirping	chirping
chisel	tisèl
chiseler	chiseler
chit	chit
chitchat	chitchat
chivalry	rivalite
chloride	klori
chlorine	klò
chloroform	kloroform
chocolate	chokola
choice	chwa
choir	koral
choke	toufe
cholera	kolera
cholesterol	kolestewòl
choose	chwazi
choosing	chwazi
choosy	choosy
chop	koupe
chopper	elikoptè
choppers	chopè yo
chopping	koupe
chops	chop
choral	koral
chord	kòd
chords	kòd
chore	chire
choreographer	koregraf
choreography	koregrafi
chorus	koral
chosen	chwazi
chow	chow
chowder	chowder
christ	Kris la
christen	NO TRANSLATION
christening	batèm
christian	kretyen
christmas	Nwèl
christmasbreak	NO TRANSLATION
christmaseve	NO TRANSLATION
christmasspirit	NO TRANSLATION
christmassy	Nwèl
christmastime	christmastime
chromatic	kromatik
chromatography	chromatografi
chrome	chrome
chromium	chromium
chromosome	kwomozòm
chronic	kwonik
chronicle	kwonik
chronograph	chronograph
chronological	kwonolojik
chubby	chubby
chuck	chuck
chuckle	chuckle
chug	chug
chum	chom
chummy	chyen
chump	chòk
chunk	moso
chunky	grosye
church	legliz
churchyard	sou lakou a
churn	fèb
chute	Chute
chutney	chutney
ciao	kiao
cider	sidr
cigar	siga
cigarette	sigarèt
cilantro	cilantro
cinch	Cinch
cinder	souri
cinema	sinema
cinematic	Cinemas
cinematographer	Cinematographer
cinematography	sinema
cinnamon	kannèl
cipher	Chifè
circle	sèk
circling	koule
circuit	sikwi
circuitry	sikwi
circular	sikilè
circulate	sikile
circulation	sikilasyon
circulatory	sikilatwa
circumcision	sikonsizyon
circumference	sikonferans
circumferential	sikonferans
circumscribed	sikonskri
circumstance	sikonstans
circumstances	sikonstans
circumstantial	enpotan
circumvent	kontourne
circumvention	kontourne
circus	sirk
cirque	sèk
cirrhosis	sirwaz
cirrus	cirrus
cistern	sitèn
citadel	Sitadèl
citation	sitasyon
cite	site
citizen	sitwayen ameriken
citizenship	sitwayènte
citrine	Sitrin
citrus	Citrus
city	vil la
citywide	vil la
civic	sivik
civics	sivik
civil	sivil
civilian	sivil
civilians	sivil yo
civility	sivilite
civilization	sivilizasyon
civilized	sivilize
clad	rekouvèr
claim	reklamasyon
claimant	reklamatè
clairvoyant	klèrvwayan
clam	klam
clambake	clambake
clammy	koupi
clamor	rimè
clamp	kranpon
clan	fanmi
clandestine	klandesten
clang	sonnen
clap	bat bravo
clapper	briyan
clapping	bat bravo
clarification	klarifikasyon
clarify	klarifye
clarinet	klarèt
clarion	klarion
clarity	klè
clash	konfli
clashing	eklatman
clasp	agraf
class	klas
classic	klasik
classic rock	wòch klasik
classical	klasik
classics	klasik
classification	klasifikasyon
classified	klase
classify	klasifye
classmate	kamarad klas
classroom	sal klas la
classy	élégance
clatter	clatter
clause	kloz
clauses	Paragraf
claustrophobia	klostrofobi
claustrophobic	klostrofob
clavicle	klavikul
claw	grif
claws	grif
clay	ajil
clean	netwaye
cleaner	cleaner
cleaning	netwaye
cleanliness	pwòpte
cleanly	netwaye
cleanse	Geri
cleanser	netwayaj
cleansing	netwayaj
cleanup	netwaye
clear	klè
clearance	clearance
clearing	netwaye
clearness	klète
cleat	klè
cleavage	klivaj
cleave	kole
cleaver	NO TRANSLATION
clef	klou
cleft	fann
clemency	pitye
clench	Fèmen
clergy	klèje
clergyman	klèje
cleric	Klerik
clerical	Biwo
clerk	grefye
clerkship	sekretè
clever	entelijan
cleverness	entelijan
click	klike sou
clicker	klakèt
client	kliyan
clientele	kliyantèl
cliff	falèz
climate	klima
climatology	klimatoloji
climax	Pi gwo pwen
climb	monte
climber	Kelenbe
clinch	malad
cling	rete kole
clingy	clingy
clinic	klinik
clinical	klinik
clink	klinke
clip	Clip
clipboard	clipboard
clipper	Clipper
clipping	taye
clique	NO TRANSLATION
clitoris	klitoris
cloak	rad
cloaking	krochi
cloakroom	twalèt
clobber	clobber
clock	revèy
clockwork	mekanik
clod	grod
clog	bouche
cloister	Kreolatè
clone	klon
cloning	klonaj
close	fèmen
closed	fèmen
closeness	pwòch
closet	klozèt
closure	fèmti
clot	kay
cloth	twal
clothe	abiye
clothes	rad
clothesline	rad sou liy
clothing	rad
cloud	nwaj
clouded	nwaj
cloudiness	klèness
clouds	nwaj
cloudy	twoub
clout	kou
clove	griye
clover	trèfl
cloves	dan
clown	kloun
clowns	Makakri
club	klib
clubhouse	Clubhouse
clubs	klib
cluck	glise
clue	siy
clueless	clueless
clump	kònen
clumsy	maladwa
clunk	kloun
cluster	grap
clutch	anbreyaj
clutches	anbreyaj
clutter	dezord
coach	antrenè
coachman	antrenè
coagulation	koagulasyon
coal	chabon
coalesce	koalesce
coalition	kowalisyon
coarse	koryas
coast	kòt
coastal	bò lanmè
coaster	coaster
coastline	litoral la
coat	rad
coating	kouch
coax	coax
cobalt	cobalt
cobble	chodyè
cobbler	kòdonye
cobra	cobra
cocaine	kokayin
cock	kòk chante
cockamamie	cockamamie
cockeyed	koke
cockpit	kabin
cockroach	ravèt
cocksucker	cocksucker
cocktail	bwason
cocky	kòk chante
cocoa	kakawo
coconut	kokoye
cocoon	kokon
cod	Kòd
code	Kòd
codeine	Codeine
codex	kodèk
codfish	kodfish
codification	kodifikasyon
codify	kodifye
coding	kodaj
coed	koud
coefficient	koefisyan
coerce	fè kòlè
coercion	presyon
coercive	coercive
coexist	coexist
coexistence	viv ansanm
coexisting	coexisting
coffee	kafe
coffee table	tab kafe
coffeehouse	kafe
coffeepot	coffeepot
coffin	sèkèy
cog	cog
cogent	cogent
cognac	konyak
cognate	cognate
cognition	koyisyon
cognitive	koyitif
cohabitation	koabitasyon
coherence	koerans
coherent	aderan
cohesion	Jwenti
cohesive	limenm
cohort	kòwòt
coil	bobin
coiled	woule
coin	pyès monnen
coinage	coinage
coincide	kowenside
coincidence	konyensidans
coincident	kokenn
coincidental	okazyonèl
coinciding	konyenside
coke	Coke
cola	kola
cold	frèt
coldly	frèt
coldness	fredi
coldsweat	NO TRANSLATION
coleslaw	coleslaw
colic	kolik
coliseum	kolye
collaborate	kolabore
collaboration	kolaborasyon
collaborator	kolaboratè
collage	kolaj
collagen	kolagen an
collapse	tonbe
collar	kolye
collarbone	klavarbone
collate	kolore
collateral	kolateral
collation	kolasyon
colleague	kolèg
collect	kolekte
collected	kolekte
collection	koleksyon
collective	kolektif
collectively	kolektivman
collector	pèseptè
college	kolèj
collegiate	kolèj
collide	kolizyon
collie	kolye
collision	kolizyon
collocation	kolokasyon
colloquial	kolok
collusion	konplisite
cologne	Kolòy
colon	kolon
colonel	kolonèl
colonial	kolonyal
colonic	koloni
colonoscopy	kolonoskopi
colony	koloni
colophon	kolofòn
color	koulè
coloration	kolorasyon
colored	koulè
colorful	kolore
coloring	koloran
colorless	san koulè
colors	koulè
colossal	kolosal
colt	jenn ti gason
columbine	kolumbin
column	kolòn
columnar	kolon
columnist	kroniker
com	NO TRANSLATION
coma	koma
comatose	komati
comb	peny
combat	konba
combatant	konbatan
combative	konbatif
combination	konbinezon
combinatorial	konbinatwar
combine	konbine
combined	konbine
combo	Combo
combustible	konbistib
combustion	konbisyon
come	vini
comeback	retounen
comedian	komedyen
comedy	komedyen
comet	komèt
comfort	konfò
comfortable	konfòtab
comforter	konsole
comforting	rekonfòte
comfy	konfòtab
comic	komik
comical	komik
comics	komik
coming	vini
comma	vigil
command	lòd
commandant	kòmandan
commandeer	Commandeer
commander	kòmandan
commanding	kòmandan
commandment	kòmandman
commando	komando
commemorate	komemore
commemoration	komemorasyon
commemorative	komemoratif
commence	kòmanse
commend	felisite
commendable	louanj
commendation	Felansasyon
commensurate	koresponn
comment	kòmantè
commentary	kòmantè
commentator	kòmantatè
commerce	komès
commercial	komèsyal
commie	commie
commissary	komisyonè
commission	komisyon
commissioner	komisyonè
commit	komèt
commitment	angajman
committal	komèt
committed	komèt
committee	komite
commodity	komodite
commodore	komodore
common	komen
commoner	jeneralman
commonly	souvan
commonplace	Choudrant
commons	komons
commonwealth	Commonwealth
commotion	ankourajman
communal	kominal
commune	komin
communicable	kominike
communicate	kominike
communication	kominikasyon
communicative	kominikasyon
communicator	kominikatè
communion	kominyon
communism	kominis
communist	kominis
community	kominote a
commutation	komitasyon
commutative	komutatif
commute	vwayaje
commuter	pasaje
comp	konp
compact	kontra enfòmèl ant
compaction	konpaksyon
compactness	konpaksyon
companion	konpayon
companionless	konpayon
companionship	konpayon
company	konpayi
comparable	konparab
comparative	konparatif
comparatively	comparativement
compare	konpare
comparison	konparezon
compartment	lòj
compass	konpa
compassion	konpasyon
compassionate	konpasyon
compatibility	konpatibilite
compatible	konpatib
compel	fòse
compelled	fòse
compelling	konvenkan
compendium	Compendium
compensate	konpanse
compensation	konpansasyon
compensatory	konpansasyon
compete	fè konpetisyon
competence	konpetans
competency	konpetans
competent	konpetan
competition	konpetisyon
competitive	konpetitif
competitor	konkiran
compilation	konpilasyon
compile	konpile
complacency	satisfaksyon
complacent	satisfè
complain	pote plent
complaint	plent
complement	konpleman
complementary	konplemantè
complete	ranpli
completed	konplete
completely	konplètman
completeness	konplè
completing	ranpli
completion	fini
complex	konplèks
complexed	konplèks
complexion	complexion
complexity	konpleksite
compliance	konfòmite
compliant	konfòme
complicate	konplike
complicated	konplike
complication	konplikasyon
complicity	konplisite
compliment	NO TRANSLATION
complimentary	konplemantè
comply	konfòme
complying	konfòme
compo	compo
component	eleman
compose	konpoze
composed	konpoze
composer	konpozitè
composite	konpoze
composition	konpozisyon
compost	konpòs
composure	sere
compound	konpoze
comprehend	konprann
comprehension	konpreyansyon
comprehensive	konplè
compress	konpresyon
compressed	konprese
compressible	konpresib
compression	konpresyon
compressor	COMPRESSOR
comprise	genyen
compromise	konpwomi
comptroller	Kontwolè
compulsion	fòse
compulsive	konpulsif
compulsory	obligatwa
computable	calculable
computation	kalkil
compute	kalkile
computer	òdinatè
computerized	enfòmatize
computing	informatique
comrade	kamarad
con	NO TRANSLATION
concatenation	akò
concave	konkav
conceal	kache
concealed	kache
concealment	kache
concede	akozde
conceit	konsèy
conceited	adolesan
conceivable	imajinab
conceive	vin ansent
concentrate	konsantre
concentration	konsantrasyon
concentric	konsantrik
concept	konsèp
conception	KONSEPSYON
concern	enkyetid
concerned	konsène
concert	konsè
concerto	konsè
concession	konsesyon
concessional	konsesyonèl
conch	konch
concierge	gardyen
conciliation	konsilyasyon
concise	kout
conclave	konklave
conclude	konkli
concluding	konklizyon
conclusion	konklizyon
conclusive	konklizyon
concoction	konkou
concomitant	akonpli
concord	konkòd
concordance	konsantrasyon
concours	NO TRANSLATION
concourse	konsantrasyon
concrete	konkrè
concubine	concubine
concur	dakò
concurrence	konklizyon
concurrent	konkouran
concurring	concurring
concussion	Chòk
condemn	kondane
condemnation	kondanasyon
condensation	kondansasyon
condensed	kondanse
condescending	konsyansman
condescension	Kondansasyon
condiment	kondiman
condition	kondisyon
conditional	kondisyonèl
conditionally	kondisyon
conditioned	kondisyone
conditioner	kondisyone
conditioning	kondisyone
conditions	kondisyon
condo	kondominyòm
condolence	Kondoleyans
condolences	Kondoleyans
condom	kapòt
condone	kondane
condor	kondor
conducive	fezab
conduct	konduit
conduction	kondiksyon
conductivity	konduktivite
conductor	kondiktè
conduit	kanal
cone	kòn
confederacy	Konfederasyon
confederate	konfederasyon
confederation	konfederasyon
confer	konfere
conference	konferans
confess	konfese
confession	konfesyon
confessional	konfesyonèl
confessions	konfesyon
confetti	confetti
confidant	konfidan
confide	konfye
confidence	konfyans
confident	konfyans
confidential	konfidansyèl
confidentiality	konfidansyalite
confidentially	NO TRANSLATION
configuration	konfigirasyon
confine	limenm
confined	fèmen
confinement	enkaserasyon
confines	limit
confirm	konfime
confirmation	konfimasyon
confirmatory	konfimasyon
confirmed	konfime
confiscate	konfiske
confiscation	konfiskasyon
conflagration	konfli
conflict	konfli
conflicting	konfli
confluence	Konfli
conform	konfòme
conformance	konfòmans
conformation	NO TRANSLATION
conformity	konfòmite
confound	konfonn
confounded	konfonn
confront	konfwonte
confrontation	konfwontasyon
confuse	konfonn
confused	konfonn
confusing	konfizyon
confusion	konfizyon
conga	konga
congenial	konjenn
congenital	konjenital
congestion	konjesyon
conglomerate	konglomera
conglomeration	konglomera
congrats	Kongrats
congratulate	felisite
congratulation	felisite
congratulations	Felisitasyon
congratulatory	felisitasyon
congregate	rasanble
congregation	kongregasyon
congress	Kongrè a
congressional	Kongrè a
congressman	Kongrèman
congruence	kongriyans
conic	konik
conical	konik
conjecture	konjekti
conjugal	konjigal
conjugate	konjige
conjugation	konjigezon
conjunction	konjonksyon
conjunctive	konjonktif
conjure	konjure
conjuring	konjele
conk	konk
connect	konekte
connected	konekte
connection	koneksyon
connective	konjonktif
connoisseur	konsyatè
conquer	konkeri
conquering	viktwa
conqueror	konkeran
conquest	konkèt
conscience	konsyans
conscientious	konsyans
conscious	konsyan
consciousness	konsyans
conscription	konskripsyon
consecrated	konsakre
consecration	konsekrasyon
consecutive	konsekitif
consensual	konsantman
consensus	konsansis
consent	konsantman
consenting	konsanti
consequence	konsekans
consequent	konsekan
conservation	konsèvasyon
conservatism	konsèvatis
conservative	konsèvatif
conservatory	konsèvatwa
conserve	konsève
consider	konsidere
considerable	konsiderab
considerate	konsiderab
consideration	konsiderasyon
consignee	konsesyonè
consignment	konsèy
consist	konpoze
consistency	konsistans
consistent	ki konsistan
consolation	konsolasyon
console	konsole
consoled	konsole
consolidate	konsolide
consolidated	konsolide
consolidation	konsolidasyon
consonant	konsòn
consort	konsò
conspicuous	evidan
conspiracy	konplo
conspirator	konspiratè
conspire	konspire
constable	konstwiksyon
constancy	konstans
constant	konstan
constantly	toujou ap
constellation	konstelasyon
consternation	konstèrnasyon
constipation	konstipasyon
constituency	sikonskwipsyon
constituent	konstitiyan
constituents	elektè
constitute	konstitye
constitution	konstitisyon an
constitutional	konstitisyonèl
constitutionality	konstitisyonalite
constrain	kontrent
constrained	contrainte
constraint	kontrent
construct	konstwi
construction	konstriksyon
constructive	konstriktif
construe	konstr
consul	konsil
consulate	konsila
consult	konsilte
consultant	konsiltan
consultation	konsiltasyon
consume	konsome
consumer	konsomatè
consuming	konsome
consummate	konsome
consummation	konsomasyon
consumption	konsomasyon
contact	kontak
contagion	kontajman
contagious	kontajye
contain	gen ladan
container	veso
containment	kontni
contaminate	kontamine
contaminated	kontamine
contamination	kontaminasyon
contemplate	kontanple
contemplation	Kontanplasyon
contemplative	konsepsyon
contemporaneous	contemporaneous
contemporary	kontanporen
contempt	meprize
contemptible	dezagreyab
contemptuous	meprize
contend	soutni
contender	contender
contending	k ap goumen
content	kontni
contented	kontante
contention	diskisyon
contentious	kontwovèsyal
contentment	kontantman
contents	sa
contest	konpetisyon
contestant	konpetitè
context	kontèks
contiguous	vwazen
continence	kontinyasyon
continent	kontinan
continental	kontinantal
contingency	enprevi
contingent	kontenjan
continual	kontinyèl
continually	toujou
continuance	kontinyasyon
continuation	kontinyasyon
continue	kontinye
continued	kontinye
continuing	kontinye
continuity	kontinwite
continuous	kontinyèl
continuously	kontinyèlman
continuum	kontinyòm
contour	kontou
contraband	kontrebann
contraception	kontrasepsyon
contract	kontra
contracted	kontra
contractile	kontraktil
contracting	kontra
contraction	kontraksyon
contractor	kontraktè
contradict	kontredi
contradiction	kontradiksyon
contradictory	kontradiktwa
contraption	kontrè
contrary	kontrè
contrast	kontras
contrasted	contrast
contravene	kontrè
contravention	kontravansyon
contribute	kontribye
contribution	kontribisyon
contributor	kontribitè
contrite	kontri
contrition	kontrisyon
contrived	konparèt
control	kontwòl
controller	kontwolè
controlling	kontwole
controversial	kontwovèsyal
controversy	konfli
contusion	kontinyasyon
conundrum	enigm
convalescent	konvèsan
convection	konveksyon
convene	konvoke
convenience	konvenyans
conveniences	konfor
convenient	pratik
convent	konvansyon
convention	konvansyon
conventional	konvansyonèl
converge	konvèje
convergence	dirèksyon
convergent	konverjan
conversant	konvèsan
conversation	konvèsasyon
conversational	konvèsasyon
conversationalist	konvèsasyonèl
converse	konvès
conversing	konvèsasyon
conversion	konvèsyon
convert	konvèti
converted	konvèti
convertible	dekapotab
convex	konvèks
convexity	konvèksite
convey	transmèt
conveyance	transpò
conveyancing	transmèt
convict	kondane
conviction	kondanasyon
convince	konvenk
convinced	konvenk
convincing	konvenk
convocation	Konvokasyon
convoluted	konplitché
convolution	konvolsyon
convoy	konvwa
coo	koo
cook	kwit manje
cookbook	kwit manje
cooker	cuisinier
cookery	kwit manje
cookie	bonbon
cookies	bonbon
cooking	kwit manje
cookout	kwit manje
cool	fre
coolant	awozaj
cooler	pi fre
cooling	refwadisman
coolness	kalm
coon	Coon
coop	poulaye
cooperate	kolabore
cooperating	kolaborasyon
cooperation	koperasyon
cooperative	koperativ
coordinate	kowòdone
coordination	kowòdinasyon
coordinator	koòdonatè
cop	jandam
copacetic	NO TRANSLATION
cope	fè fas
copier	copier
copilot	copilot
coping	siviv
copious	abondan
copper	kòb kwiv mete
copter	copter
copy	kopi
copycat	copycat
copying	kopye
copyright	copyright
coral	koray
coral snake	koray koulèv
cord	kòd
cordial	chalè
cordless	san fil
cordon	kòdon
corduroy	corduroy
core	nwayo
cork	cork
corkscrew	corkscrew
corn	mayi
cornball	cornball
cornbread	mayi
cornea	korn
corned	kwen
corner	kwen
cornerstone	poto
cornet	kornet
cornfield	mayi
cornflakes	NO TRANSLATION
cornice	kornich
cornstarch	mayi
corny	reyinyon
corollary	kowolè
corona	Corona
coronary	kowonè
coronation	koronasyon
coroner	koronè
corporal	kòporèl
corporate	antrepriz
corporation	sosyete
corporeal	kòporèl
corps	kò
corpse	kadav
corpsman	korpsman
corpus	kò
corral	koral
correct	kòrèk
correction	koreksyon
correctional	koreksyonèl
corrective	korektif
correctness	kòrèkteman
correlation	korelasyon
correlative	korelatif
correspond	koresponn
correspondence	korespondans
correspondent	Korespondan
corresponding	korespondan
corridor	koridò
corroborate	koresporasyon
corroboration	koroborasyon
corrosion	korozyon
corrosive	korozif
corrupt	koripsyon
corrupting	kòwonpi
corruption	koripsyon
corsage	korsaj
corse	NO TRANSLATION
corset	korse
cortex	cortical
cortical	kortik
cortisone	kortizon
corvette	korvèt
cosmetic	kosmetik
cosmetics	pwodui kosmetik
cosmic	Cosmic
cosmology	kosmolojik
cosmopolitan	kosmopolit
cosmos	Cosmos
cost	pri
costly	koute chè
costume	kostim
cosy	brikabrak
cot	kabann
cote	Cote
cottage	kaye
cotton	koton
couch	kanape
cougar	Cougar
cough	tous
council	konsèy
councilman	konsèy
counsel	konsèy
counseling	konsèy
counsellor	konseye
counselor	konseye
count	konte
countdown	dekont
countenance	figi
counter	kontwa
counteract	debat
counterattack	kontwole
counterbalance	counterbalance
counterclaim	kontrekare
counterfeit	kontrefè
counterpart	kontrepati
counterpoint	kontrepwa
countess	konte
countless	inonbrabl
country	peyi
countryman	countryman
countrymusic	NO TRANSLATION
countryside	peyi
counts	konte
county	konte
coup	koudeta
coupe	koup
couple	koup
coupled	makonnen
coupling	kouple
coupon	koupon
courage	kouraj
courageous	kouraj
courier	mesaje
courses	kou
coursing	coursing
court	tribinal
courteous	koutwazi
courtesy	koutwazi
courthouse	tribinal la
courtroom	sal tribinal la
courts	tribinal
courtship	koutwazi
courtside	tribinal
courtyard	lakou
cousin	kouzen
cousins	kouzen
cove	Cove
coven	alyans
covenant	kontra
cover	kouvri
coverage	pwoteksyon
covered	kouvri
covering	kouvri
covert	Covert
covet	konsèy
coveted	te sitèlman anvi
cow	bèf
coward	lach
cowardice	kowonpi
cowardly	lachte
cowboy	Cowboy
cowgirl	cowgirl
cowhand	cowhand
cowhide	kowid
cowl	chwèt
coworker	kòlèg travay
coy	koy
coyote	koyote
cozy	brikabrak
crab	Crab
crabby	crabby
crack	krak
cracked	fann
cracker	fou
crackerjack	krake
cracking	fann
crackle	krake
crackpot	krak
cradle	bèso
craft	navèt
crafts	atizana
craftsman	atizan
craftsmanship	atizana
crafty	rize
craig	fou
cram	cram
crammed	anpile
cramp	kranp
cramped	restrenn
cranberry	seriz
cranberry juice	ji seriz
crane	teknik
cranial	cranial
cranium	kranyom
crank	manivèl
cranky	fri
cranny	Cranny
crap	krap
crappy	mal
craps	krap
crash	aksidan
crass	zèb
crate	kès
crater	kratè
crave	anvi
craving	anvi
crawfish	Kraze
crawl	rale
crayon	kreyon
crayons	kreyon koulè
craze	Angoman
crazed	fou
craziness	fou
crazy	fou
creak	krake
creaking	krak
cream	krèm
creamed	krèm
creamer	krèm
creamy	krèm
crease	pli
create	kreye
creation	kreyasyon
creative	kreyatif
creativity	kreyativite
creator	kreyatè
creature	bèt
credence	kwayans
credential	kalifye
credentials	kalifikasyon
credibility	kredibilite
credible	kredib
credit	kredi
credit card	kat kredi
creditable	kredi
credited	kredite
crediting	kredi
creditor	kreyansye
creed	kwayans
creek	Creek
creep	ranpe
creeper	creeper
creeping	trennen sou vant
creepy	grenpe
cremation	krèmasyon
creole	kreol
crepe	krèt
crescendo	crescendo
crescent	Kwasan
crest	krèt
crestfallen	crestfallen
cretin	kretyen
cretins	krèt
crevice	fant
crew	ekipaj
crewman	ekipman
crib	bèso
cricket	krikèt
cried	t'ap rele byen fò
crime	krim
criminal	kriminèl
criminality	kriminalite
crimp	fwote
crimson	wouj
cringe	a
cripple	ale
crippled	enfim
crippling	krippling
crisis	kriz
crisp	sèk
crispy	kroustiyan
criterion	kritè
critic	kritik
critical	kritik
criticise	kritike
criticism	kritik
criticize	kritike
criticized	kritike
critique	kritike
critter	critter
croak	kroak
croc	kro
crock	crock
crockery	diven
crocodile	kwokodil
croft	croft
croissant	kroissant
crook	vòlè
crooked	kwochi
crop	rekòt
croquet	krokèt
cross	kwa
cross country	kwa peyi
crossbow	bonbe
crossed	janbe lòt
crossfire	feu
crossing	travèse
crossover	kwazman
crosswalk	crosswalk
crossword	kwaze
crotch	bò
crouch	Crouch
crouched	kouche
crouching	kouche
croupier	croupier
crow	Crow
crowbar	crowbar
crowd	foul moun
crowded	ki gen anpil moun
crowds	foul moun
crown	kouwòn
crowning	kourone
crucial	enpòtan
cruciate	kwaze
crucifix	kwa
crucifixion	krisifiksyon
crucify	kloure sou kwa
crud	crud
crude	brit
cruel	mechan
cruelly	mechan
cruelty	mechanste
cruise	kwazyè
cruise ship	kwazyè bato
cruiser	kwazyè
cruising	kwazyè
crumb	Tonbe
crumble	konfizyon
crumbling	Tonben
crummy	krèm
crunch	crunch
crunchy	kroustiyan
crusade	Kwazad
crusader	krwaze
crush	kraze
crushed	kraze
crusher	ékrazan
crushing	kraze
crust	kwout
crusty	kroustiyan
crutch	anbreyaj
crux	crux
cry	kriye
crybaby	rechiya
crying	kriye
crypt	kripte
cryptic	kripte
cryptography	kriptografik
crystal	kristal
crystalline	cristalline
crystallization	kristalizasyon
cub	jib
cubby	cubby
cube	kib
cubic	kib
cubicle	kabin
cuckold	cuckold
cuckoo	Kakawo
cucumber	konkonb
cuddle	karese
cuddled	kale
cuddles	kale
cuddling	cuddling
cue	Replik
cuff	manchèt
cuisine	cuisine
culinary	gastronomik
cull	kale
culminate	akimile
culmination	akimilasyon
culpability	kilpabilite
culpable	koupab
culprit	koupab
cult	kil
cultivate	kiltive
cultivated	kiltive
cultivation	kiltivasyon
cultural	kiltirèl
culture	kilti
cultured	kiltive
culvert	culvert
cumbersome	ankonbran
cumulus	cumulus
cunning	atizan konn fè
cunt	vajen
cup	tas
cupboard	kofr
cupcake	kupkèyk
cupping	koup
cur	koulye a
curable	maladi
curate	fèy
curative	guérison
curator	Konsèvate
curb	twotwa
curd	lètkaye
cure	geri
curfew	kouvrefe
curiosity	kiryozite
curious	kirye
curl	pli
curling	Curling
currency	lajan
current	aktyèl
curriculum	kourikoulòm lan
curry	Curry
curse	madichon
cursed	madichon
cursing	madichon
cursory	kourtwazi
curt	curt
curtail	lenmi
curtailment	restriksyon
curtain	rido
curtains	rido
curtsy	kurtsy
curvature	koub
curve	koub
curved	koube
curvilinear	curvilinear
cushion	kousen
cushy	kousen
cusp	kisa
cuss	kabrit
cussed	goumen
custard	flè
custodial	gad
custodian	gadyen
custody	gad
custom	koutim
customary	òdinè
customer	kliyan
customized	Customized
cut	koupe
cutaneous	kutane
cute	bèl
cuticle	kutikul
cutie	kuti
cutlass	kouto
cutlery	koule
cutoff	koupe
cutter	kouto
cutters	zouti pou koupe
cutthroat	cutthroat
cutting	koupe
cutting board	koupe tablo
cuttings	koupe
cwt	cwt
cyanide	Cyanide
cyberspace	cyberspace
cycle	sik
cyclical	konjesyon serebral
cyclist	siklis
cyclone	siklòn
cylinder	silenn
cylindrical	silendrik
cymbal	zanj
cynic	sinik
cynical	sinik
cynicism	sinism
cyst	sist
cystic	sistik
cytomegalovirus	Cytomegalovirus
cytoplasm	sitoplasm
czar	Czar
dab	dab
dabble	dabble
dabbling	dabbling
dad	papa
daddy	papa
dado	NO TRANSLATION
daemon	dyaman
daft	Daft
dagger	ponyèt
daily	chak jou
dainty	Nati
daiquiri	daiquiri
dairy	letye
daisy	Daisy
dak	NO TRANSLATION
dale	Dale
dam	baraj
damage	domaj
damaged	domaje
damages	domaj
dame	dame
damn	modi
damnation	kondanasyon
damned	dane
damp	mouye
dampened	febli
damper	bouchon
damsel	ti fi
dance	danse
dancer	dansè
dancing	danse
dandruff	pelikul
dandy	Dandy
danger	danje
dangerous	danjere
dangerously	danjerezman
dangit	NO TRANSLATION
dangle	balanse
dank	NO TRANSLATION
dapper	dapper
dare	oze
daredevil	dedevil
daresay	dizèl
daring	nana
dark	fè nwa
darken	fè nwa
darkened	fè nwa
darkly	fènwa
darkness	fènwa
darkroom	darkroom
darkside	kote sonb
darling	cheri
darn	reprize
dart	flèch
dash	priz
dashboard	tablodbò
dashed	tirè
dashing	superbly
dastardly	dastardly
data	done
database	baz done
date	dat
datenight	NO TRANSLATION
daughter	pitit fi
dawdle	dawdle
dawn	dimanch maten
dawned	dawned
day	jou
daybreak	jounal
daycare	gadri
daydream	rèy
daydreaming	daydreaming
daylight	lajounen
daymade	NO TRANSLATION
dayoff	NO TRANSLATION
daytime	lajounen
daze	labirent
dazed	dazed
dazzle	avegle je
dazzling	klere tou
deacon	dyak
deactivate	disoud
dead	mouri
deadbeat	mouribeat
deadline	dat limit
deadlines	dat limit
deadlock	enpas
deadly	ki ka touye moun
deaf	soud
deafening	asanblaj
deafness	soud
deal	kontra
dealer	machann
dealership	konsesyonè
dealing	fè fas
dealings	fè fas
dean	Dwayen
dear	mwen renmen anpil
dearest	mwen renmen anpil
dearth	grangou
death	lanmò
deathbed	lanmò
deathly	lanmò
debacle	debacle
debased	debased
debatable	kontwole
debate	deba
debauchery	debòch
debenture	debenture
debilitating	feblès
debit	debi
debrief	debrief
debriefing	debriefing
debris	debri
debt	dèt
debtor	debiteur
debut	premye
debutante	debutante
decade	deseni
decadence	dekadans
decadent	dekadans
decaf	dekaf
decanter	Dekantatè
decathlon	desatlon
decay	pouri
decayed	pouri
decaying	pouri
deceased	mouri
decedent	desedan
deceit	twonpe
deceitful	twonpe moun
deceive	twonpe
deceived	twonpe tèt nou
deceiving	twonpe
december	desanm
decency	desans
decent	desan
deception	desepsyon
deceptive	mansonjè
decide	deside
decidedly	deside
deciduous	kaduk
decimal	desimal
decimeter	desimèt
decipher	Decipher
decision	desizyon
decisive	desizif
deck	pil
declaration	deklarasyon
declaratory	deklarasyon
declare	deklare
declination	Deklarasyon
decline	n bès
declining	dekline
deco	deko
decode	dekode
decoder	dekodè
decompose	dekonpoze
decomposed	dekonpoze
decomposition	dekonpozisyon
decompress	dekonprese
decompression	depresyon
decontamination	dekontamasyon
decor	dekorasyon
decorate	dekore
decorating	dekorasyon
decoration	decoration
decorative	dekoratif
decorator	dekoratè
decorum	dekorasyon
decoy	dekouvèt
decrease	diminye
decreased	diminye
decreasing	diminye
decree	dekrè
decrement	rediksyon
decrepit	dekade
decry	Dekri
decryption	dekripsyon
dedicate	dedye
dedication	devouman
deduce	enferyè
deduct	dedwi
deductible	franchiz
deduction	dediksyon
deed	papye kay
deejay	deejay
deem	jije
deep	fon
deepen	apwofondi
deer	sèf
defamation	difamasyon
defamatory	difamatwa
default	default
defeat	defèt
defeated	bat
defeatist	defètist
defect	defo
defection	defèksyon
defective	defektye
defector	defèktè
defend	defann
defendant	akize
defended	defann
defender	defandè
defending	defann
defense	defans
defenseless	defans
defensible	defansab
defensive	defansiv
defer	ranvwaye
deference	Deferans
deferral	pwolongasyon
deferring	Deferring
defiance	defi
defiant	defiant
defibrillator	defibrilateur
deficiency	Defisi
deficient	defisyan
deficit	defisi
define	defini
defined	defini
definite	defini
definition	definisyon
definitive	definitif
deflate	deflate
deflation	deflasyon
deflect	detounen
deflection	defleksyon
defloration	deflorasyon
deform	deform
deformed	defòme
deformity	defo
defraud	defraud
defray	defèt
defrost	dekonjle
deft	ajil
defunct	defini
defuse	difize
defy	defi
degeneracy	dejeneresans
degenerate	dejenere
degeneration	koripsyon
degradation	degradasyon
degrade	degrade
degraded	degrade
degrading	degrade
degree	degre
dehydrated	dezidrate
dehydration	dezidratasyon
dejected	dejene
delay	reta
delayed	reta
delectable	délisyeu
delegate	delege
delegation	delegasyon
delete	efase
deleterious	negatif
deletion	efase li
deli	deli
deliberate	ekspre
deliberation	deliberasyon
deliberative	deliberatif
delicacy	délikatès
delicate	delika
delicatessen	Delika
delicious	bon gou
delight	plezi
delighted	kontan
delightful	délisyeu
delineate	delimiter
delineation	delimantasyon
delinquency	delenkans
delinquent	delenkan
delirious	delirious
delirium	delirium
deliver	delivre
deliverance	delivrans
delivery	livrezon
dell	dell
delta	delta
delude	deli
deluge	delij
delusion	delizyon
delusional	Deliram
deluxe	Deluxe
delve	fouye
demand	demann
demanding	mande
demeaned	demonte
demeaning	anpeche
demeanor	abitye
demented	demented
dementia	demansi
demise	kraze
demo	Demo
democracy	demokrasi
democrat	demokrat
democratic	demokratik
demographic	demografik
demolish	demoli
demolished	demoli
demolition	demolisyon
demon	move lespri
demonic	dyabolik
demonstrable	demontre
demonstrate	demontre
demonstrated	demontre
demonstrating	demontre
demonstration	demonstrasyon
demonstrative	demonstratif
demonstrator	manifestan
demoralized	demoralize
demos	Demo
demure	demann
den	NO TRANSLATION
deniability	deniability
denial	refi
denied	refize
denim	abako
denomination	denominasyon
denominational	denominasyon
denominator	denominatè
denote	endike
denounce	denonse
dense	dans
density	dansite
dent	dant
dental	dantè
dentist	dantis
dentistry	Dantis
dentists	dantis
denunciation	denonsyasyon
deny	refize
denying	refize
deodorant	deyodoran
depart	ale
departed	ale
department	depatman
departmental	depatmantal
departure	depa
depend	depann de
dependable	sérieux
dependant	depandan
dependence	depandans
dependency	depandans
dependent	depandan
depict	dekri
depicting	ki dekri
depletion	rediksyon
deplorable	dekale
deplore	deplore
deploy	deplwaye
deployment	deplwaman
deport	depòte
deportation	depòtasyon
depose	depoze
deposit	depo
depositary	depitè
deposition	depo
depository	depo
depot	depo
depraved	peche
depravity	koripsyon
depreciate	depresyasyon
depreciated	depresyasyon
depreciation	depresyasyon
depress	depresyon
depressed	deprime
depressing	dépressions
depression	depresyon
depressive	depresyon
depresson	NO TRANSLATION
deprivation	privasyon
deprive	anpeche
deprived	prive
depth	pwofondè
deputy	depite
derail	dérailler
deranged	deranje
derelict	derelict
derision	derision
derivation	derivasyon
derivative	derive
derive	dériver
dermal	dousman
dermatologist	dèrmatolog
dermatology	dèrmatoloji
derogation	derogasyon
derogatory	imilyan
descend	desann
descendant	desandan
descendent	NO TRANSLATION
descending	desann
descent	desandan
describe	dekri
description	deskripsyon
descriptive	deskriptif
desecrate	dezè
desecration	desecration
desert	dezè
deserted	dezè
deserter	deserter
desertion	dezòd
deserve	merite
deserved	merite
deserving	merite
design	konsepsyon
designate	deziyen
designated	deziyen
designation	deziyasyon
designed	fèt
designer	designer
designing	desine
desirability	desirabilite
desirable	dezirab
desire	dezi
desiring	vle
desirous	desirous
desist	desist
desk	biwo
desolate	dezolasyon
desolation	dezolasyon
despair	dezespwa
despairing	dezespwa
despatch	Devwa
desperado	dezespere
desperate	dezespere
desperation	dezespwa
despicable	embesil
despise	meprize
despondent	dekouraje
despotic	despotik
despotism	despotism
dessert	desè
destination	destinasyon
destined	destine
destiny	desten
destitute	endijan
destroy	detwi
destroyed	detwi
destroyer	touye
destroying	detwi
destruct	destriksyon
destruction	destriksyon
destructive	destriktif
detach	detache
detached	detache
detachment	detachman
detail	detay
detailed	detaye
details	detay
detain	kenbe
detainee	prizonye
detect	detekte
detectable	detekte
detection	deteksyon
detective	detektif
detector	detektè
detention	detansyon
deter	dekouraje
detergent	savon
deteriorate	deteryore
deteriorated	deteryore
deteriorating	deteryorasyon
deterioration	deteryorasyon
determinable	detèmine
determinate	detèmine
determination	detèminasyon
determine	detèmine
determined	detèmine
deterrent	prevantif
detest	detest
detestation	detestasyon
detonate	eklate
detonation	detonasyon
detonator	detonateur
detour	detou
detract	Detract
detriment	detriman
detrimental	prejidis
detritus	detritus
deuce	deuce
deutschmark	germanmark
devalued	devalorize
devastate	devaste
devastated	devaste
devastating	devastatè
devastation	devastasyon
develop	devlope
developer	pwomotè
developing	devlope
development	devlopman
deviant	devantman
deviate	devye
deviating	deviant
deviation	devyasyon
device	aparèy
devil	move lespri
deviled	deviled
devilish	devilish
devious	devious
devise	devise
devoid	dépourvu
devolution	devolisyon
devolve	devolve
devote	konsakre
devoted	konsakre
devotee	konseye
devotion	devosyon
devotional	devosyonèl
devour	devore
devout	devout
dew	lawouze
dexter	Dexter
dexterity	dèksterite
dextrose	Dextrose
diabetes	dyabèt
diabetic	dyabetik
diabolical	diabolik
diagnose	fè dyagnostik
diagnosis	dyagnostik
diagnostic	dyagnostik
diagnostics	dyagnostik
diagonal	dyagonal
diagram	dyagram
dial	rele
dialect	dyalèk
dialectic	dyalektik
dialogue	dyalòg
dialysis	dyaliz
diameter	dyamèt
diamond	dyaman
diamonds	Diamonds
diaper	kouchèt
diaphragm	dyafram
diarrhea	dyare
diarrhoea	dyare
diary	jounal pèsonèl
diatribe	diatribe
dib	NO TRANSLATION
dibs	dibs
dice	zo
dicey	dicey
dichotomous	dichotomous
dichotomy	dichotomi
dick	Dick
dickhead	Dickhead
dicks	dik
dictate	dikte
dictation	dikte
dictator	diktatè
dictatorial	diktatoryal
dictatorship	diktati
diction	diksyon
dictionary	diksyonè
dictum	NO TRANSLATION
didactic	pedagojik
diddle	Jwe sou entènèt
die	NO TRANSLATION
died	mouri
diesel	dyezèl
diet	rejim alimantè
dietary	dyetetik
differ	diferan
difference	diferans
differences	diferans
different	diferan
differential	diferans
differentiation	diferansyasyon
differently	diferan
differing	diferan
difficult	difisil
difficulties	difikilte
difficulty	difikilte
diffuse	difize
diffusion	difizyon
dig	NO TRANSLATION
digest	dijere
digestion	dijesyon
digestive	dijestif
digit	chif
digital	dijital
dignified	diyite
dignify	diyite
dignity	diyite
digress	dijere
digs	NO TRANSLATION
dike	Dike
dilapidated	Delambre
dilatation	dilatasyon
dilation	dilatasyon
dildo	godmiche
dilemma	dilèm
diligence	dilijans
diligent	dilijan
dill	Dill
diluent	dilijans
dilute	delye
diluted	dilye
dilution	dilution
dim	dim
dime	santim
dimension	dimansyon
dimensional	dimansyon
diminish	diminye
diminished	diminye
diminution	diminisyon
diminutive	diminutiv
dimwit	dimwit
din	NO TRANSLATION
dine	manje
diner	dineur
dinghy	dinghy
dingo	Dingo
dingy	dingy
dining	manje
dinky	dinky
dinner	dine
dinnertime	dine
dinosaur	dinozò
dint	dint
diocesan	dyosèz
diocese	dyosèz
diorama	diorama
dioxide	dyoksid
dip	tranpe
diploma	diplòm
diplomacy	diplomasi
diplomat	diplomat
diplomatic	diplomatik
dipper	gode
dippy	dippy
dipstick	plonje
dire	NO TRANSLATION
direct	dirèk
directed	dirije
direction	direksyon
directive	direktiv
directly	dirèkteman
director	direktè
directory	anyè
dirt	pousyè tè
dirty	sal
disability	andikap
disable	enfim
disabled	enfim
disadvantage	dezavantaj
disaffected	dezafwaf
disagree	pa dakò
disagreeable	dezagreyab
disagreeing	pa dakò
disagreement	dezakò
disallow	neglijans
disallowed	non
disapointment	NO TRANSLATION
disappear	disparèt
disappearance	disparisyon
disappearing	disparèt
disappoint	desevwa
disappointed	desi
disappointing	enèvan
disappointment	desepsyon
disapproval	disapproval
disapprove	pa dakò
disapproved	dezapwouve
disapproving	disapproving
disarm	dezame
disarray	enfimite
disaster	dezas
disastrous	dezas
disband	kraze
disbelief	enkredilite
disbelieve	disbelieve
disburse	retire li
disbursement	debousman
disc	disk
discard	jete
discarded	abandone
discards	dekad
discern	dekouvri
discernible	dekouvri
discerning	lespri
discernment	disènman
discharge	egzeyat
disciple	disip
disciplinary	disiplinè
discipline	disiplin
disciplined	disipline
disclaim	repete
disclaimer	Avètisman
disclose	divilge
disclosed	divilge
disclosure	divilgasyon
disco	disko
discoloration	dekolorasyon
discolored	dekolore
discomfort	malèz
disconcerted	dekonèt
disconcerting	dekouraje
disconnect	dekonekte
disconnected	dekonekte
disconnection	séparation
disconnects	dekonekte
discontent	mekontantman
discontinuance	diskontinuans
discontinue	sispann
discontinuity	diskontinwite
discontinuous	diskontinu
discord	dezòd
discount	rabè
discounted	rabè
discourage	dekouraje
discouraged	dekouraje
discouragement	dekourajman
discouraging	dekouraje
discourse	diskou
discover	dekouvri
discovery	dekouvèt
discredit	diskredite
discredited	diskredite
discreet	NO TRANSLATION
discrepancy	Diferans
discrete	disrè
discretion	diskresyon
discretionary	diskresyonè
discriminate	fè diskriminasyon
discriminating	diskriminasyon
discrimination	diskriminasyon
discus	diskisyon
discuss	diskite
discussion	diskisyon
disdain	deden
disdainful	disdainful
disease	maladi
diseased	malad
disembodied	disembodied
disengage	retire
disengagement	dejesyon
disfigured	defini
disgrace	wont
disgraced	wont
disgraceful	dezagreyab
disgruntled	disgruntled
disguise	degize
disguised	degize
disgust	degou
disgusted	degoutan
disgusting	degoutan
dish	plat
disheartened	dekouraje
disheartening	dekouraje
dishonest	malonèt
dishonesty	malonèt
dishonor	dezòd
dishonorable	dezamoni
dishwasher	dishwasher
disillusionment	desepsyon
disinclination	dezinonskripsyon
disincline	dezin
disinclined	dezin
disinfect	dezenfekte
disinfectant	dezenfektan
disinfection	dezenfeksyon
disinformation	dezenfòmasyon
disingenuous	detounman
disintegrate	dezentegre
disintegration	dezentegrasyon
disinterested	disinterested
disjoint	disjoint
disjointed	dezoryante
disjunctive	disjonktif
disk	disk
diskette	diskèt
dislike	grip
disliked	nèm
disliking	disliking
dislocated	deplase
dislocation	debwatman
dislodge	dislodge
disloyal	disloyal
disloyalty	enfidelite
dismal	patisipasyon
dismantle	kraze
dismay	pè
dismayed	pè
dismemberment	demantelman
dismiss	ranvwaye
dismissal	lekòl lage
dismissive	ranvwaye
dismount	detonasyon
disobedience	dezobeyisans
disobedient	dezobeyi
disobey	dezobeyi
disorder	maladi
disordered	dezord
disorderly	dezòdone
disorganized	dezorganize
disorientation	disorientasyon
disoriented	dezoryante
disown	abandone
disparage	disparage
disparaging	disparaging
disparate	disparate
disparity	disparite
dispassionate	dispassionate
dispatch	voye
dispatcher	dispatchè
dispel	disparèt
dispensary	dispansè
dispensation	dispansasyon
dispense	dispanse
dispenser	dispenser
dispersal	dispersal
disperse	dispèse
dispersed	dispèse
dispersion	dispèsyon
dispirited	dezespere
displace	deplase
displaced	deplase
displacement	deplasman
displacency	deplasans
display	ekspozisyon
displease	displease
displeased	fache
displeasure	dezagreman
disposable	jete
disposal	jete
dispose	jete
disposed	dispoze
disposition	dispozisyon
dispossessed	depoze
disprove	enfimite
dispute	diskisyon
disqualification	disqualification
disqualified	diskalifye
disqualify	disqualify
disquieted	tris
disregard	inegalite
disregarded	neglijans
disrelish	disèl
disreputable	danjere
disrepute	disrepute
disrespect	mank respè
disrespectful	derespektan
disrupt	deranje
disrupting	entewonp
disruption	dezòd
disruptive	deranje
dissatisfaction	mekontantman
dissatisfied	satisfè
dissect	ensèk
dissection	diseksyon
disseminate	distribiye
dissemination	difizyon
dissension	diskisyon
dissent	disip
dissenting	disiplin
dissertation	disètasyon
disservice	disservice
dissident	disidan
dissimilar	disparèt
dissipate	disparèt
dissipated	disip
dissociation	izolman
dissociative	disosyativ
dissolution	yap divòse
dissolve	fonn
dissonance	disonans
dissuade	disparèt
distal	distal
distance	distans
distant	byen lwen
distaste	distaste
distasteful	désagréable
distillate	distilye
distillation	distilasyon
distilled	distile
distinct	distenk
distinction	distenksyon
distinctive	diferan
distinguish	distenge
distinguishable	distenge
distinguished	distenge
distinguishing	distenge
distort	defòme
distorted	defòme
distortion	distòsyon
distract	distrè
distracted	distrè
distracting	distrè
distraction	distraksyon
distraught	detrès
distress	detrès
distressed	detrès
distressing	detrès
distribute	distribye
distribution	distribisyon
distributor	distribitè
district	distri
distrust	defye
disturb	deranje
disturbance	twoub
disturbed	detounen
disturbing	twoublan
disuse	dezòd
disused	dezòd
ditch	twou
ditto	sa a
ditty	ditty
diurnal	dyurnal
diva	diva
divan	NO TRANSLATION
dive	plonje
diver	dayiva
diverge	diverge
divergence	diferans
divergent	divèjan
diverging	divèti
divers	divès
diverse	divès
diversified	divèsifye
diversify	divèsifye
diversion	reyabilitasyon
diversionary	divèsifye
diversity	divèsite
divert	devye
diverting	devye
divest	divize
divested	divize
divestment	divèsman
divide	divize
divided	divize
dividend	dividann
divination	divinasyon
divine	diven
divinity	divinite
divisible	divizib
division	divizyon
divisor	divizè
divorce	divòs
divorcee	divòs
divulge	divilge
divvy	divwi
dizziness	vètij
dizzy	tèt vire
do	fè
doable	fè posib
doc	doc
docile	docile
dock	waf
docked	docked
docket	DOS
docking	Docking
doctor	doktè
doctorate	doktora
doctrinal	doktrinal
doctrine	doktrin
document	dokiman
documentary	dokimantè
documentation	dokiman
documents	dokiman yo
dodge	Dodge
dodger	eskive
dodging	eskive
dodgy	dodgy
dodo	dodo
doe	fè
doer	pratik
dog	chen
dogface	dogface
dogged	dogged
doggy	chyen
doghouse	chnil
dogma	dogmatik
dogmatic	dogmatik
dogsick	NO TRANSLATION
doings	fè
doit	NO TRANSLATION
dojo	Dojo
doldrums	Doldrums
dole	Dole
doll	poupe
dollar	dola
dollhouse	kay poupe
dolor	NO TRANSLATION
dolphin	Dolphin
domain	domèn
dome	bòl
domestic	domestik
domesticated	domestik
domestication	domestikasyon
domicile	domisil
domiciled	domisilye
dominance	dominasyon
dominant	dominan
dominate	domine
dominating	domine
domination	dominasyon
dominatrix	dominatrix
dominion	dominasyon
domino	domino
don	Don
donate	fè don
donation	don
donkey	bourik
donor	donatè
dontlikeyou	NO TRANSLATION
dontmess	NO TRANSLATION
dontmesswithme	dontmesswithme
dontpanic	dontpanic
dontunderstand	NO TRANSLATION
doodle	ti fi
doom	fayit
doomed	fini
doomsday	doomsday
door	pòt
doorbell	sonèt
doorknob	Doorknob
doorman	pòt
doormat	fèy
doornail	doornail
doorstep	pòt
doorway	pòt
dopamine	dopamine
dope	Dop
dopey	dopey
dork	dork
dorky	dorky
dorm	dòtwa
dormant	dormant
dormitory	dòtwa
dorsal	dorsal
dosage	dòz
dose	dòz
dossier	Dossier
dot	dot
doting	doting
dotted	pwent
dotty	dotty
double	doub
doubled	double
doublet	doublet
doubling	double
doubt	dout
doubtful	endesi
doubting	doute
doubtless	san dout
doubts	dout
douche	douche
douchebags	douchebags
dough	pat
doughboy	doughboy
doughnut	beye
dour	Dour
douse	douse
dove	pijon
down	desann
downcast	downcast
downer	Downer
downfall	tonbe
downfield	anba tè
downhearted	dousman
downhill	desann
download	download
downpour	lapli
downright	kareman
downriver	downriver
downside	enkonvenyans
downtime	D '
downward	anba
downy	malè
dowry	dòt
doze	doze
dozen	douzèn
drab	drab
draft	bouyon
drafty	bouyon
drag	trennen
dragon	dragon
dragonfly	dragonfly
drain	drenaj
drainage	drenaj
drained	vide
draining	vide
drainpipe	drenaj
drake	Drake
drama	dram
dramaqueen	NO TRANSLATION
dramatic	dramatik
drape	pliye
drapery	drapery
drastic	radikal
drat	NO TRANSLATION
draught	bouyon
draw	trase
drawback	dezavantaj
drawbridge	trase
drawer	tiwa
drawers	tiwa
drawing	desen
dread	pè
dreaded	redoutable
dreadful	grangou
dreadfully	dreadfully
dreading	dreading
dream	rèv
dreamboat	dreamboat
dreamer	rèv
dreaming	rèv
dreamland	rèv
dreams	rèv
dreamt	rèv
dreamy	rèv
dreary	tris
dredge	dredge
drenched	tranpe
dress	abiye
dresser	Dresser
dressmaker	dressmaker
dressy	abiye
dribble	NO TRANSLATION
dried	cheche
drier	pi sèk
drift	flote
drifted	drifted
drifter	drifter
driftwood	driftwood
drill	fè egzèsis
drink	bwè
drinker	tafyatè
drinking	bwè
drinks	bwason
drip	degoute
dripping	koule
drive	kondwi
drivel	drivel
driver	chofè
driveway	antre kay la
drizzle	fri
droll	wòl
drone	abèy
drones	dron
drool	drool
drooping	Tonben
droopy	droopy
drop	gout
droplet	gout
dropout	kite sa a
dropper	gout
drought	sechrès
drove	NO TRANSLATION
drown	nwaye
drowsiness	somnolans
drowsy	drowsy
drudgery	drudgery
drug	dwòg
drug dealing	dwòg fè fas
drugged	dwòg
druggist	drogist
drugs	dwòg
drugstore	famasi
druid	drwid
drum	tanbou
drummer	drummer
drumming	tanbou
drunk	bwè
drunk driving	bwè kondwi
drunkard	bwè
drunken	tafyatè
drunkenness	bwè
dry	sèk
dryer	seche rad
dryness	seche
dual	doub
dualism	dualism
duality	duality
dub	dub
dubious	ézitan
duchess	duchess
duck	kanna
ducking	Ducking
duckling	kanèt
ducky	ducky
duct	koule
ductile	duktil
dud	dud
dude	dude
duds	duds
due	akòz
duel	lut
dues	Kantite lajan
duet	duet
duffel	dofel
dugout	dugout
duh	duh
duke	chèf
dull	mat
dullard	dullard
dumb	bèbè
dumbasses	dumbasses
dumbbell	altèr
dumbbitch	NO TRANSLATION
dumfound	dumfound
dumfounder	NO TRANSLATION
dummy	egare
dump	pil fatra
dumpling	boulèt
dumps	depo yo
dumpster	pil fatra
dun	dun
dunce	dunce
dune	Dune
dung	NO TRANSLATION
dungeon	kacho
dunk	dunk
duo	Duo
dupe	jupe
duplex	duplex
duplicate	kopi
duplication	repete
duplicity	duplicity
durability	durability
durable	dirab
duration	dire
duress	duress
dusk	solèy kouche
dusky	dusky
dust	pousyè
duster	dust
dustpan	dustpan
dusty	pousyè
dutiful	obligatwa
duty	devwa
dwarf	tinen
dwarfed	dwarfed
dweeb	dweeb
dwell	rete
dweller	Dweller
dwelling	rete
dye	lank
dying	mouri
dyke	dyke
dynamic	dinamik
dynamical	dinamik
dynamics	dinamik
dynamite	dinamit
dynamo	dinamik
dynasty	dinasti
dysentery	disantri
dysfunction	malfonksyònman
dysfunctional	disfonksyonèl
dyspepsia	dyspepsia
eager	anvi
eagerness	anprèsman
eagle	malfini
ear	zòrèy
earful	zòrèy
earl	Earl
earlier	pi bonè
early	byen bonè
earn	touche
earnest	seryezman
earnestly	rèd
earnestness	seryezman
earnings	salè
earpiece	kask
earring	zanno
earrings	zanno
earshot	zòrèy
earth	latè
earthenware	fayans
earthling	earthling
earthly	sou latè
earthquake	tranbleman tè
earthy	tè
ease	fasilite
easel	chnil
easement	fasilite
easily	fasil
east	bò solèy leve
eastbound	bò solèy kouche
eastern	lès
easy	fasil
easygoing	kontwole
eat	manje
eater	Manjè
eating	manje
eatingdisorders	NO TRANSLATION
eavesdrop	eavesdrop
eavesdropping	ekout
ebb	ebb
ebony	Ebony
ebullient	ebullient
eccentric	inik
eccentricity	eksantrisite
ecclesiastical	eklezyastik
echelon	echelon
echinacea	echinase
echo	eko
eclectic	eklèktism
eclipse	eklips
ecliptic	ekliptik
ecological	ekolojik
economic	ekonomik
economical	ekonomik
economics	ekonomi
economy	ekonomi
ecosystem	ekosistèm
ecstasy	Ecstasy
ecstatic	vwèman emosyone
ecumenical	èkumenik
eddy	eddy
edema	èdèm
edge	kwen
edging	chan
edgy	nòb
edible	Manje
edict	lòd
edification	Edikasyon
edifice	edifis
edit	modifye
editing	koreksyon
edition	edisyon
editor	editè
editorial	editoryal
educate	edike
educated	edike
education	edikasyon
educational	edikasyon
educator	edikatè
eeeek	NO TRANSLATION
eeek	NO TRANSLATION
eek	eek
eel	eel
eerie	etranj
effect	efè
effective	efikas
effectiveness	efikasite
effects	efè
effectual	efikas
effectually	efikasman
effectuate	efektivman
effeminate	efemine
efficacious	efikas
efficacy	efikasite
efficiency	efikasite
efficient	efikas
effigy	efigy
effort	efò
effortless	fasil
effusion	eflu
effyou	NO TRANSLATION
egg	ze
egghead	ze
eggnog	eggnog
eggplant	berejenn
eggshell	eggshell
ego	ego
egomaniac	egomaniac
egotistical	egotistik
egregious	étranjé
egress	egress
eight	uit
eighteen	dizwit
eighth	wityèm lan
eighty	katreven
ejaculate	ejakulasyon
ejaculation	ejakulasyon
eject	retire li
ejection	ekspilsyon
elaborate	elabore
elaboration	elaborasyon
elan	NO TRANSLATION
elapse	pase
elapsed	pase
elastic	elastik
elasticity	Elastisite
elated	elated
elation	elasyon
elbow	koud bra
eld	eld
elder	ansyen
elderly	granmoun aje
elders	ansyen yo
eldest	pi gran
elect	chwazi
election	eleksyon an
elective	elektif
elector	elektè
electoral	elektoral
electorate	elektora
electric	elektrik
electric slide	glise elektrik
electrical	elektrik
electrician	elektrik
electricity	elektrisite
electrify	elèktrik
electrocute	elatriye
electrocution	elektwokisyon
electromagnetic	elektwomayetik
electron	elèktron
electronic	elektwonik
electronics	elektwonik
elegance	distenksyon
elegant	elegant
element	eleman
elemental	elemanèl
elementary	lekòl primè
elements	eleman
elephant	elefan
elevate	elve
elevated	ki wo
elevation	elevasyon
elevator	asansè
eleven	onz
eleventh	onzyèm
elf	èlf
elicit	egzekite
eligible	elijib
eliminate	elimine
elimination	eliminasyon
elite	elit
elitist	elit
elixir	elixir
elk	elk
ell	ell
ellipse	ellipse
ellipsis	elipsis
ellipsoid	elipsoid
elliptic	eliptik
elliptical	eliptik
elm	elm
elongate	long
elongation	elongasyon
elope	elope
eloquence	elokans
eloquent	pale fasil
elucidate	elizid
elucidation	elisidasyon
elude	elye
elusive	flotant
emaciated	mare
email	imèl
emanate	emanate
emancipation	emansipasyon
embankment	ke
embargo	NO TRANSLATION
embark	s'angajè
embarrass	anbarase
embarrassed	anbarase
embarrassing	anbarasan
embarrassment	anbarasman
embassy	anbasad
embattled	asosye
embed	Afiche
embellish	anbeli
embellishment	dekorasyon
embers	tibebe
embezzlement	detounman fon
embezzler	embezzler
emblem	anblèm
emblematic	anblèm
embodiment	reyalizasyon
embolism	anbilans
embossed	Relief
embrace	anbrase
embroidered	bwode
embroidery	brode
embroiled	anbrase
embryo	anbriyon
embryonic	anbriyonik
emcee	emcee
emerald	emwòd
emerge	pwezante
emergence	Aparisyon
emergency	ijans
emeritus	Emeritus
emery	Emery
emetophobia	emetofobi
emigrate	emigre
emigration	emigrasyon
eminence	eminan
eminent	eminan
eminently	eminan
emir	NO TRANSLATION
emissary	emissaire
emission	emisyon
emit	emèt
emo	emo
emotion	emosyon
emotional	emosyonèl
emotive	emotif
empathic	senpatik
empathize	empathize
empathy	senpati
emperor	anperè
emphasis	anfaz
emphasize	mete aksan sou
emphatic	imitasyon
emphysema	anfizèm
empire	anpi
empirical	anpirik
empiricism	anpirik
employ	anplwaye
employee	anplwaye
employer	anplwayè
employment	travay
emporium	emporium
empower	pèmèt
empress	empress
emptiness	vid
emption	pasyon
empty	vid
emu	emu
emulate	rivalize
emulsion	emulsyon
enable	pèmèt
enablement	aktivman
enact	adopte
enactment	adopsyon
enamel	emaye
encampment	kan
enchant	amoure
enchanted	anchanté
enchanting	mayifik
enchantment	anchantman
enchantress	anchantrès
enchilada	enchilada
encircle	antoure
encircling	ansèkle
enclave	anklav
enclose	fèmen
enclosure	patiraj
encode	encode
encomiastic	NO TRANSLATION
encomium	encomium
encompass	kouvri
encore	NO TRANSLATION
encounter	rankontre
encourage	ankouraje
encouraged	ankouraje
encouragement	ankourajman
encouraging	ankouraje
encroach	Porter
encroachment	anpyetman
encrypt	chifreman
encryption	chifreman
encumbrance	anbouteyaj
encyclopedia	ansiklopedi
end	fen
end table	fen tab la
endanger	mete an danje
endangered	an danje
endangerment	andanje
endearing	atachan
endeavor	fè jefò
ended	te fini
endemic	endemic
endgame	endgame
ending	fini
endless	kontinuèl
endocarditis	endokardit
endorse	andose
endorsement	andòsman
endow	endow
endowed	doue
endowment	dotasyon
endpapers	endepandan
endpoint	finisman
endurance	andirans
endure	pèsevere
enduring	pèsevere
enema	enema
enemy	lènmi
energetic	enèjik
energize	enèji
energy	enèji
enforce	aplike
enforcement	fè respekte
enforcer	anforse
engage	angaje yo
engaged	angaje
engagement	angajman
engaging	angaje
engender	angaje
engine	motè
engineer	enjenyè
engineering	jeni
engrave	grave
engraved	grave
engraver	graveur
engraving	engraving
engrossed	depase
engrossing	angrossing
engulf	vale
enhance	amelyore
enhancement	amelyorasyon
enigma	enigm
enigmatic	enigm
enjoin	enjoin
enjoy	jwi
enjoyable	agreyab
enjoying	jwi
enjoyment	plezi
enlarge	elaji
enlarged	elaji
enlargement	elajisman
enlighten	eklere
enlightened	eklere
enlightening	Enstriktif
enlightenment	Syèk Limyè
enlist	angaje
enliven	anim
enmity	enmi
ennui	ennui
enormity	enòmite
enormous	menmen
enormously	grandman
enraged	fache
enrich	anrichi
enroll	enskri
enrollment	enskripsyon
ensemble	Ansanm
ensign	ensign
enslave	esklav
enslaved	esklav
enslavement	esklavaj
ensue	aplike
ensure	asire
entail	egzije
entangled	entangled
entanglement	entanglement
enter	antre
enterprise	antrepriz
enterprising	inisyativ
entertain	amize
entertained	antretni
entertainer	Atis
entertaining	amizan
entertainment	amizman
enthralled	enthralled
enthusiasm	antouzyasm
enthusiast	antouzyast
enthusiastic	antouzyastik
entice	fè lasisiy
entire	tout
entirety	antye
entitle	dwa
entity	antite
entomology	entomoloji
entourage	lantouraj
entrails	entrails
entrance	antre
entrapment	pyèj
entreat	mande
entree	entree
entrepreneur	antreprenè
entrust	konfye
entry	antre
enumerate	enimere
enumeration	enimerasyon
envelope	anvlòp
envious	anvye
environ	NO TRANSLATION
environment	anviwònman
environmental	anviwònman
environs	ozanviron
envision	anvizaje
envoy	anvwaye
envy	jalouzi
enzyme	anzim
ephemeral	efemèr
ephemeris	efemèr
epic	sezon
epidemic	epidemi
epidermis	Epidèm
epidural	epidural
epilepsy	epilepsi
epileptic	epileptik
epilogue	Epilogue
epiphany	Epifani
episcopal	episkopal
episode	Episode
episodic	episodik
epistle	lèt
epitaph	epitaf
epithet	epitèt
epitome	epitome
epoch	epòk
equal	egal
equality	egalite
equalization	egalizasyon
equalize	balanse
equalizer	revolve
equally	egalman
equate	egal
equation	ekwasyon
equator	ekwatè
equatorial	ekwatè
equestrian	Equestrian
equidistant	ekidistan
equilibration	ekilibratasyon
equilibrium	ekilib
equip	ekipe
equipment	ekipman
equitable	ekitab
equity	ekite
equivalence	ekivalans
equivalent	ekivalan
equivocal	ekivalan
era	epòk
eradicate	detwi
eradication	eliminasyon
erase	efase li
eraser	gonm
erasure	efase li
ere	NO TRANSLATION
erect	drese
erectile	erectil
erection	batiman
ergo	NO TRANSLATION
erode	erode
erosion	ewozyon
erotic	erotik
erotica	erotica
err	lespri
errand	Komisyon
errant	devwaye
erratic	iregilye
erratum	erratum
erroneous	inègza
error	erè
erst	NO TRANSLATION
erudite	erudite
erupt	eklate
eruption	eripsyon
escalade	Eskalad
escalate	eskalade
escalating	eskalade
escalation	Eskalasyon
escalator	èskalator
escape	chape
escaped	chape
escarpment	eskapman
eschew	eschew
escort	eskòt
escrow	kondisyonèl
esophagus	èzofaj
esoteric	Esoterik
especial	NO TRANSLATION
espionage	espyon
espouse	espouse
espresso	espresso
esprit	esprit
esquire	esquire
essay	redaksyon
essayist	essayist
essence	sans
essential	esansyèl
essentially	esansyèlman
establish	etabli
established	etabli
establishment	etablisman
estate	nan byen imobilye
esteem	estime
esteemed	estime
esthetic	estetik
estimable	estime
estimate	estime
estimation	estimasyon
estoppel	estoppel
estranged	estranged
estrogen	estwojèn
estuary	estuary
etch	etch
etching	grave
eternal	p'ap janm fini an
eternity	letènite
ethanol	etanòl
ether	etè
ethereal	ethereal
ethic	etik
ethical	etik
ethics	etik
ethnic	etnik
ethnography	ètnografi
etiology	etyoloji
etiquette	etikèt
etymology	Etimoloji
eucalyptus	ekaliptis
euchre	euchre
eugenics	ejenik
eulogistic	eulogist
eulogium	eulogium
eulogize	eulogize
eulogy	eulogy
euphemism	euphemism
euphoria	gwo fèt
euphoric	euphoric
euro	euro
euthanasia	Etanasya
evacuate	evakye
evacuation	evakyasyon
evade	evade
evaluate	evalye
evaluation	evalyasyon
evanescence	evanesans
evangelical	evanjelik
evangelist	evanjelis
evangelistic	evanjelis
evaporate	evapore
evaporation	evaporasyon
evasion	levasyon
evasive	evite
eve	Ev
evening	aswè
evens	NO TRANSLATION
event	evènman
eventful	efikas
eventual	evantyèlman
eventuality	evantyalite
evergreen	Evergreen
everlasting	pou tout tan
evermore	tout tan tout tan
everyday	chak jou
everyman	toutman
evict	mete deyò
eviction	degèpisman
evidence	prèv
evident	evidan
evidentiary	evidansye
evil	sa ki mal
evoke	evoke
evolution	evolisyon
evolutionary	evolisyonè
evolve	evolye
ewe	ew
ex	ansyen
exacerbate	irite
exacerbation	vin pi grav
exact	egzat
exacting	egzijan
exaggerate	ekzajere
exaggerated	ekzajere
exaggeration	egzajerasyon
exalt	leve
exaltation	ekstasyon
exalted	leve
exam	egzamen an
examination	egzaminasyon
examine	egzamine
examiner	egzaminatè
example	egzanp
exasperated	exasperated
exasperation	ekzotasyon
excavate	fouye
excavation	ègzumasyon
excavator	Excavator
exceed	depase
exceeding	depase
excel	briye
excellence	ekselans
excellent	ekselan
excelsior	Excelsior
excepting	eksepte
exception	eksepsyon
exceptional	eksepsyonèl
excerpt	ekstrè
excess	depase
excessive	twòp
excessively	twòp
exchange	echanj
excise	endirèk
excision	ekskiz
excitability	eksitasyon
excitable	eksitab
excitation	eksitasyon
excite	eksite
excited	eksite
excitement	eksitasyon
exciting	enteresan
exclaim	rele
exclamation	esklamasyon
exclude	eskli
excluded	eskli
excluding	eksepte
exclusion	esklizyon
exclusive	san konte
excrement	ekstèsyon
excretion	eskresyon
excruciating	akselerasyon
excursion	levasyon
excuse	eskiz
exec	Egzekitif
execute	egzekite
execution	ekzekisyon
executioner	ekzekisyon
executive	egzekitif
executor	ègzekuteur
exegesis	ekstrè
exemplar	egzanplè
exemplary	egzanplè
exemplify	egzanp
exempt	egzante
exemption	egzanpsyon
exercise	fè egzèsis
exert	fè egzèsis
exertion	efò
exhale	rann kont
exhaust	echapman
exhausted	fin itilize
exhaustion	fatig
exhaustive	konplè
exhibit	egzibisyon
exhibition	egzibisyon
exhilarated	alèz
exhilarating	grizant
exhilaration	Egzèsis
exhort	egzòte
exhortation	egzòtasyon
exhumation	ekzomasyon
exhume	exhume
exigent	NO TRANSLATION
exile	ekzil
exist	egziste
existence	egzistans
existent	inexistant
existential	ekzistansyèl
existing	ki deja egziste
exit	sòti
exodus	egzòd
exonerate	ekiratè
exorbitant	ekorsan
exorcism	ègzorsizasyon
exorcist	ègzorsist
exotic	ekzotik
expand	elaji
expanded	elaji
expanse	vout
expansion	ekspansyon
expansive	gran
expatriate	ekspire
expect	espere
expectance	atann
expectancy	esperans
expectant	lespwa
expectation	tann
expected	espere
expecting	tann
expediency	vitès
expedient	pi rapid
expedite	akselere
expedition	ekspedisyon
expeditious	ekspedisyon
expel	ranvwaye
expendable	depansab
expenditure	depans
expense	depans
expenses	depans
expensive	chè
experience	eksperyans
experienced	ki gen eksperyans
experiences	eksperyans
experiment	eksperyans
experimental	eksperimantal
experimentation	eksperimantasyon
experimenter	eksperimantal
expert	ekspè
expertise	ekspètiz
expiration	ekspirasyon
expire	ekspire
expired	ekspire
expiry	ekspire
explain	eksplike
explanation	eksplikasyon
explanatory	eksplikasyon
expletive	eksplozif
explication	eksplikasyon
explicit	klè
explode	eksploze
exploit	esplwate
exploitation	eksplwatasyon
exploration	eksplorasyon
exploratory	eksplorasyon
explore	eksplore
explorer	eksploratè
explosion	eksplozyon
explosions	eksplozyon
explosive	eksplozif
expo	Ekspozisyon
exponent	ekspozan
exponential	eksponansyèl
export	ekspòtasyon
exportation	ekspòtasyon
expose	ekspoze
exposed	ekspoze
exposition	ekspozisyon
expository	ekspozisyon
exposure	ekspoze
expound	eksplike
express	eksprime
expression	ekspresyon
expressive	ekspresif
expressway	Expressway
expropriation	èkspropriyasyon
expulsion	ekspilsyon
exquisite	ekskiz
exquisitely	exquisitely
extant	ekstansyon
extend	pwolonje
extendable	pwolonje
extended	pwolonje
extension	ekstansyon
extensive	vaste
extent	limit
exterior	eksteryè
exterminate	ekstèminasyon
extermination	ekstèminasyon
exterminator	ekstèminatè
external	ekstèn
externally	deyò
extinct	disparèt
extinction	disparisyon
extinguish	s'étendre
extinguisher	aparèy pou etenn
extol	ekol
extort	efase li
extortion	ekstòsyon
extra	siplemantè
extract	ekstrè
extracting	èkstraksyon
extraction	ekstraksyon
extractor	ekstraktè
extracurricular	ekstra eskolè
extradition	ekstradisyon
extrajudicial	extrajudicial
extramural	èkstraksyon
extraneous	envalid
extraordinaire	ekstraòdinè
extraordinary	ekstraòdinè
extraterrestrial	èkstraterèstr
extravagance	ekstravagans
extravagant	maten
extravaganza	ekstrawòdinè
extreme	ekstrèm
extreme anticipation	ekstrèm antisipasyon
extreme disgust	ekstrèm degou
extreme surprise	ekstrèm sipriz
extreme trust	ekstrèm konfyans
extremely	trè
extremely negative	trè negatif
extremely positive	trè pozitif
extremity	ekstremite
extricate	ekstrèm
extrinsic	extrinsic
extrusion	ekstrisyon
exuberance	egzajans
exude	sòti
eye	je
eyeball	eyeball
eyebrow	sousi
eyeful	eyeful
eyeglass	linèt
eyeglasses	linèt
eyelash	klere
eyelet	eyelèt
eyeliner	ayline
eyepiece	okipan
eyes	je
eyesight	Visions
eyewitness	temwen
fab	fab
fable	fab
fabled	fabled
fabric	twal
fabricate	fabrike
fabricated	fabrike
fabrication	fabwikasyon
fabulous	fantastik
facade	fasad
face	fè fas a
faceless	anonim
facet	fasèt
facial	feminen
facile	NO TRANSLATION
facilitate	fasilite
facility	etablisman
facing	fè fas a
facsimile	faks
fact	reyalite
faction	faksyon
factor	faktè
factory	faktori
facts	enfòmasyon
factual	reyalite
faculties	kapasite
faculty	fakilte
fad	fad
fade	fennen
faded	ta vle chanje koulè
faeces	faeces
fag	fag
faggot	fagot
fail	fail
failing	fail
failure	echèk
fain	NO TRANSLATION
faint	bouke anpil
fainting	endispoze
fair	jis
fairly	jistis
fairness	jistis
fairway	chnal
fairy	fe
faith	lafwa
faithful	fidèl
faithfulness	fidèl
faithless	san lafwa
fake	fo
faker	faker
falafel	falafel
falcon	falcon
fall	tonbe
fallacious	imilye
fallacy	imilyasyon
fallback	tonbe
fallible	faible
falling	tonbe
fallopian	tonbe
fallout	fallout
fallow	tonbe
false	FO
falsehood	manti
falsely	manti
falsification	fo
falsified	falsifye
falsify	fo
falsity	falsite
falter	fayit
fame	t'ap nonmen non
famed	renome
familiar	abitye
familiarity	abitye
familiarize	familyarize
family	fanmi
familytime	fanmi
famine	grangou
famished	grangou
famous	pi popilè
famously	famezman
fan	fanatik
fanatic	fanatik
fanatical	fanatik
fanaticism	fanatik
fanciful	fanatik
fancy	anpenpan
fandango	pengwen
fanfare	fanfare
fang	NO TRANSLATION
fangs	Fang
fanning	fanning
fantasia	fantasy
fantasize	fantasme
fantastic	kokenn
fantasy	fantasy
faraway	lwen
farce	file
farcical	farcical
fare	pri tikè
farewell	Adye
farm	fèm
farmer	kiltivatè
farmhouse	Farmhouse
farming	agrikilti
farmland	tè agrikòl
faro	faro
fart	fart
farther	pi lwen
fascia	panyen
fascinate	kaptivan
fascinated	kaptive
fascinating	kaptivan
fascination	pasyon
fascism	fasyal
fascist	fachis
fashion	alamòd
fashionable	alamòd
fastball	fastball
fasten	tache
fastener	FASTENER
fastening	fikse
fasting	jèn
fat	grès
fatal	fatal
fatalism	fatalis
fatality	fatalite
fate	sò
fated	sere
fateful	dezagreyab
fathead	grès
father	papa
fatherhood	patènite
fatherland	papa
fatherly	papa
fathom	fathom
fatigue	fatig
fatigued	fatige
fatso	fatso
fatten	grate
fatty	gra
faucet	tiyo
fault	fòt
faultless	san fay
faulty	defèktueu
faun	faun
fauna	fauna
faux	faux
favor	favè
favorable	favorab
favorite	pi renmen
favoriteholiday	NO TRANSLATION
favoritism	favoritism
fawn	fawn
fax	faks
faze	NO TRANSLATION
fear	pè
feared	pè
fearful	pè
fearfully	pè
fearing	pè
fearless	Intrepid
fears	laperèz
fearsome	pè
feasibility	posibilite
feasible	posib
feast	fèt
feat	feat
feather	plim
feathered	plim
feature	karakteristik
features	karakteristik
febrile	febrile
fecal	fecal
feces	poupou
fecundity	fekondite
fed	manje
federal	federal
federation	federasyon
fedup	NO TRANSLATION
fee	frè
feeble	fèb
feed	manje
feedback	fidbak
feeder	feeder
feel	santi
feelgood	santi bon
feeling	santi
feelingdown	NO TRANSLATION
feelinggood	NO TRANSLATION
feet	pye
feign	feign
feigned	fiyanse
feisty	feisty
felicity	felisite
feline	felin
fell	tonbe
feller	fèl
fellow	parèy
fellowship	di Bondye mèsi
felon	kriminèl
felony	krim
felt	te santi
female	fi
feminine	Rezèv tanpon fanm
femininity	Féminines
feminism	feminis
feminist	feminis
femme	NO TRANSLATION
femoral	femoral
femur	femur
fen	NO TRANSLATION
fence	kloti
fenced	gwo ranpa
fencing	kloti
fend	Fann
fender	fender
fennel	fenouy
ferment	fèm
fermentation	fèmantasyon
fern	fou
ferocious	nan bwa
ferocity	foli
ferret	ferret
ferry	Ferry
ferryboat	NO TRANSLATION
fertile	fètil
fertility	fètilite
fertilize	fè fèt
fertilizer	angrè
fervent	fervent
fervor	fervor
fess	fess
fest	Fest
festival	festival
festive	fèstivite
fetal	fetis la
fetch	chache
fete	NO TRANSLATION
fetish	fetich
fetus	fetis
feud	fwod
feudal	feyodal
feudalism	feyodalis
fever	lafyèv
feverish	fyèvik
fiancee	NO TRANSLATION
fiasco	fyasko
fiat	fiat
fib	fib
fiber	fib
fiberglass	vèr
fibrosis	fibwoz
fibrous	fibrous
fickle	fickle
fiction	fiksyon
fictional	fiktiv
fictitious	FIKTIF
fiddle	Jwe pou sou entènèt gratis
fiddler	fiddler
fidelity	fidelite
fidgety	fidgety
fiduciary	fidisyèr
field	jaden
field hockey	jaden Hockey
fielder	fielder
fiend	fiend
fiendish	fiendish
fierce	feròs
fiery	dife
fiesta	fiesta
fiesty	NO TRANSLATION
fifteen	kenz
fifty	senkant
fig	fig frans
fight	goumen
fighter	avyon de gè
fighting	goumen
fights	batay
figment	figi
figurative	figire
figure	figi
figurine	Figurine
filament	filaman
filamentous	filaman
file	dosye
filet	filèt
filibuster	filibuster
filigree	filigran
filing	depoze
filings	anrejistreman
fill	ranpli
filler	filler
fillet	filet
filling	ranpli
filly	ranpli
film	fim
filmmaker	filmmaker
filmy	NO TRANSLATION
filter	filtre
filth	filt
filthy	sal
filtration	filtraj
fin	NO TRANSLATION
final	final la
finale	final
finalist	finalis
finality	finalite
finalize	finalize
finalized	finalize
finally	finalman
finance	finans
financial	finansye
financier	financier
finch	finch
find	jwenn
finder	Chèche
finding	jwenn
fine	amann
finery	finery
finesse	anfòm
finger	dwèt
fingernail	zong
fingerprint	anprent
fingerscrossed	NO TRANSLATION
finish	fini
finished	fini
finite	finite
fink	fink
fir	fè
fire	dife
firearm	zam afe
firearms	zam afe
fireball	fireball
firecracker	pasaje
firefight	Ponpye
firefighter	ponpye
firefly	koukouy
firehouse	dife kay
firelight	dife
fireman	ponpye
fireplace	chemine
firepower	firepower
fireproof	dife
fireside	dife
firestorm	dife
firewall	firewall
firewood	bwa dife
firework	fedatifis
fireworks	fedatifis
firing	tire
firm	fèm
firmament	firmament
firmly	byen fèm
firmness	fermeté
first	premye
firstborn	premye pitit
firstworldprobs	NO TRANSLATION
fiscal	fiskal
fish	pwason
fisherman	pechè
fishery	Fisher
fishing	lapèch
fishing boat	lapèch lapèch
fishy	pwason
fissile	fissile
fission	fisyon
fissure	fissure
fist	pwen
fistfight	Fistfight
fistful	fistif
fistula	fistula
fit	anfòm
fitness	Fòm
fits	adapte
fitted	ekipe
fitting	Fitting
fittings	Fittings
five	senk
fiver	fiver
fix	ranje
fixable	fixable
fixation	fikse
fixed	fiks
fixer	fiksè
fixture	aparèy
fixtures	fixtures
fizz	fizz
fjord	fyord
flabbergast	flabbergast
flabbergasted	flabbergasted
flabby	flask
flaccid	flaccid
flag	drapo
flagging	pasaj
flagpole	flagpole
flagrant	flagrant
flagship	bato
flagstaff	flagstaff
flair	Flair
flak	flak
flake	flokon
flaky	klè
flamboyant	flanbwayan
flame	flanm dife
flamethrower	flamethrower
flaming	flanm dife
flamingo	Flamingo
flammable	dife
flan	flan
flange	bride
flank	flank
flanked	flanked
flanking	flanking
flannel	flanèl
flap	Sabatani
flapping	flapping
flare	fize
flares	Fize
flaring	briyan
flash	flash
flashback	flachbak
flashing	flache
flashlight	flach
flashy	flachi
flask	flach
flat	plat
flatbed	plato
flatfoot	flatfoot
flatness	flatness
flatten	plati
flatter	flate
flattered	flate
flattering	flate
flattery	netwaye
flatulence	flatulans
flaunt	flaunt
flavor	gou
flaw	defo
flawed	defekte
flawless	andomaje
flea	avyon
fleabag	fleabag
fled	kouri met deyò
flee	kouri
fleece	moso
fleet	flòt
fleeting	pase
flesh	vyann
fleshy	charnèl
flex	flèks
flexibility	fleksibilite
flexible	fleksib
flexin	flexin
flexion	flexion
flick	flick
flicker	flicker
flickering	flickering
flier	Flier
flight	vòl
flighty	vòlè
flimsy	twotwa
flinch	flinch
fling	voye jete
flint	wòch
flip	baskile
flip flop	baskile flop
flipper	flipteur
flipping	ranvèrsan
flirt	ti jwèt
flirtation	flirtation
flirting	fleurit
flirty	afèktueu
float	flote
floater	floater
flock	bann mouton
flog	baton
flood	inondasyon
floor	etaj
flooring	planche
floozy	floozy
flop	flop
floppy	lèkter
flora	Flora
floral	floral
florist	Machann flè
floss	filtre
flotation	flotasyon
flounder	flounder
flour	farin
flourish	fleri
flow	koule
flower	flè
flowering	flè
flowers	flè
flowery	flè
flows	ap koule
flu	grip
fluctuate	varye
fluctuating	fluktue
fluctuation	fluctuation
flue	fwit
fluency	fasilite
fluent	pale
fluff	dole
fluffy	an gonfle
fluid	likid
fluidity	likidite
fluke	grip
flunk	flank
flunky	flunky
fluorescence	fluoresans
fluorescent	fliyoresan
flurries	flurries
flurry	flurry
flush	kole
flustered	gonfle
flute	Flit
fluted	chofe
flutter	flutter
fluvial	Fluvial
flux	flux
fly	vole
flyboy	flyboy
flyer	feyè
flying	vole
flywheel	volan
foal	fim
foam	kim
foaming	kimen
foamy	benyen
fob	fob
focal	fokal
focus	konsantre
fodder	fouraj
foe	lenmi
fog	bwouya
foggy	bwouya
foil	FOIL
foiled	efase
fold	pliye
folded	ki plwaye
folder	katab
foliage	feyaj
folio	folio
folk	popilè
folklore	tradisyon
follicle	pileu
follicular	follicular
follow	swiv
follower	disip
folly	foli
fond	fanatik
fondle	fondle
fondling	renmen
fondness	amoure
fondue	fondu
font	font
food	manje
foodie	manje
fool	moun fou
fooled	twonpe
foolhardy	twonpèt
fooling	defòme
foolish	tèt chaje
foolishness	foli
foolproof	enfayibl
foot	pye
foot stool	pye poupou
footage	pye
football	foutbòl
footbridge	pye bwa
foothold	pye
footing	pye
footlocker	kazye pye
footloose	pye
footpath	pye
footprint	anprint
footwear	soulye
footwork	footwork
fop	fop
forage	forage
foray	plon
forbearance	ekspresyon
forbid	padon
forbidding	entèdi
force	fòs
forced	fòse
forceful	fòs
forceps	forceps
forces	fòs
forcibly	lafòs
ford	ford
fore	fore
forearm	avanbra
foreboding	foreboding
forecast	prévision
forecaster	previzyon
foreclose	sezi
foreclosure	sezi
forefathers	zansèt
forefinger	dwèt
forefront	forefront
forego	pini
foregoing	Abandone
foregone	fè egzèsis
foreground	premye plan
forehead	fwon
foreign	etranje
foreigner	etranje
foreman	kontremèt
foremost	premye fwa
forensic	forensic
forensics	forensics
foreplay	foreplay
forerunner	prevwa
foresee	prevwa
foreseen	prevwa
foresight	prévisions
forest	forè
forestall	forè
forethought	prefere
foreveralone	foreveralone
forevermore	pou tout tan
forewarned	forewarned
foreword	Avètisman
forfeit	pèdi
forfeited	te pèdi
forfeiture	forfeiture
forge	fòje
forger	fòt
forgery	falsifikatè
forget	bliye
forgetful	bliye
forgetfulness	bliye
forgive	padone
forgiven	padonnen
forgiveness	padon
forgiving	padonnen
forgotten	bliye
fork	fouchèt
forked	forked
forking	forking
forklift	chariot
forlorn	forlorn
form	fòm
formal	fòmèl
formaldehyde	fòmaldeyid
formalism	fòmalism
formality	fòmalite
format	fòma
formation	fòmasyon
formative	fòmatif
formed	fòme
formidable	tèrib
forming	fòme
formless	fòmèl
formula	fòmil
formulary	fòmil
formulate	fòmile
fornicate	blese
fornication	fònikasyon
forsake	abandone
forsaken	abandone
forsooth	forsooth
fort	Fort
forte	NO TRANSLATION
forthcoming	prochaine
forthright	imedyatman
forthwith	imedyatman
fortification	fòtifikasyon
fortify	fòtifye
fortitude	Fortitid
fortnight	kenz
fortnightly	minit
fortress	fò
fortuitous	chòk
fortunate	chans
fortune	fòtin
fortunes	fòtin
forty	karant
forum	fowòm
forward	pou pi devan
forwarding	voye
fossil	fosil
fossils	fosil
foul	foul
found	yo te jwenn
foundation	fondasyon
founder	fondatè
founding	fondatè
foundry	FOUNDRY
fountain	sous dlo
four	kat
fourfold	kat fwa
foursome	kwatuor
fourteen	katòz
fourth	katriyèm
fowl	zwazo
fox	rena
foxhole	foxhole
foxtrot	foxtrot
foxy	foxy
foyer	Fwaye
fraction	fraksyon
fractional	fraksyon
fracture	ka zo kase
fragile	frajil
fragility	frajilite
fragment	fragman
fragmentary	fragman
fragrance	parfen
fragrant	santi bon
frail	frajil
frailty	feblès
frame	ankadreman
framework	fondasyon
franc	fran
franchise	franchiz
frank	Frank
frankenstorm	NO TRANSLATION
frankness	frankness
frantic	frantic
frantically	franchman
frat	frat
fraternal	fratènèl
fraternity	fratènite
fraud	fwod
fraudulent	fwod
fraught	plen
fray	fray
frayed	frayed
frazzled	frazzled
freak	freak
freaked	tranble
freakedout	NO TRANSLATION
freakingout	NO TRANSLATION
freakish	freakish
freakout	freakout
freaky	bizar
freckle	freckle
free	gratis
freebie	freebie
freedom	libète
freehold	freehold
freelance	endependan
freelancer	endependan
freely	lib
freeman	libète
freestyle	freèstil
freeway	otowout
freeze	friz
freezer	frizè
freezing	lè w konjele
freight	machandiz
freighter	avyon de gè
french horn	franse kòn
frenetic	frenetik
frenzied	frenzied
frenzy	foli
frequency	frekans
frequent	souvan
frequently	souvan
fresco	fresko
fresh	fre
freshair	NO TRANSLATION
freshen	freshen
freshener	freshener
freshman	nevyèm ane
freshness	fraîcheur
freshstart	Freshstart
freshwater	dlo dous
fret	frèt
fretful	fretful
friar	friar
fricking	frikin
friction	friksyon
friday	Vandredi
fridge	frijidè
fried	fri
friend	zanmi
friendless	zanmi
friendliness	amitye
friendly	zanmitay
friends	zanmi
friendship	amitye
frigate	frigate
friggen	NO TRANSLATION
fright	fright
frighten	pè
frightened	pè
frightening	pè
frightful	pè anpil
frigid	frigid
fringe	plizyer
fringed	briye
frisbee	frisbee
frisk	NO TRANSLATION
frisky	frisky
frivolous	frivol
frock	frock
frog	krapo
froggy	froggy
frolic	frolic
front	devan
frontage	fwontyè
frontal	devan
frontier	fontyè
fronting	devan
frontispiece	frontispiece
frost	jèl
frostbite	fredi
frosted	frosted
frosting	frosting
frosty	Frosty
froth	froth
frothy	fri
frown	frown
frowning	frowning
frozen	jele
frugal	frugal
fruit	fwi
fruit punch	fwi punch
fruitcake	fruitcake
fruitful	fwi
fruition	pwodiksyon
fruitless	san rezilta
fruits	fwi yo
fruity	frwiti
frustrate	fristrasyon
frustrated	fristre
frustrates	fwistre
frustrating	fwistre
frustration	fristrasyon
fry	fri
fryer	fryer
fuchsia	Fuchsia
fuck	Fuck
fuckedoff	foutu
fucker	Fucker
fucking	mèrdik
fuckoff	Fuckoff
fucksake	fucksake
fucktard	Fucktard
fuckyeah	Fuckyeah
fudge	fudge
fuel	gaz
fugitive	sove
fulcrum	Foutbòl
fulfill	satisfè
fulfilled	rive vre
fulfilling	akonpli
fulfillment	pwogrè
full	plen
fullback	plenback
fullness	konplè
fully	totalman
fulsome	fulsome
fumble	fumble
fume	fume
fumigation	fumigasyon
fumin	NO TRANSLATION
fuming	fumeur
fun	plezi
function	fonksyon
functional	fonksyonèl
fund	fon
fundamental	fondamantal
fundamentalist	fondamantalis
fundamentally	fondamantalman
funday	fon
funding	finansman
fundraiser	ranmase lajan
fundraising	pou ranmase lajan
funds	lajan
funeral	fineray
fungus	chanpiyon
funk	Funk
funky	Funky
funnel	antonwa
funny	komik
fur	fouri
furious	fache
furiously	fou
furlong	Fòmlong
furlough	furlough
furnace	gwo founo dife
furnish	founi
furnishings	mèb
furniture	mèb
furor	fou
furrow	gran
furry	pèl
furtherance	avansman
fury	kòlè
fuse	fuse
fuselage	fuselage
fusion	fizyon
fuss	momi
fussy	fussy
fustrated	NO TRANSLATION
futile	initil
futility	vo anyen
futon	futon
future	lavni
fuzz	fuzz
fuzzy	mou
gab	NO TRANSLATION
gaby	gaby
gad	gad
gadget	Gadgets
gaff	gaff
gag	gag
gaga	gaga
gage	Gage
gaggle	gaggle
gahhh	NO TRANSLATION
gaiety	lwanj
gain	benefis
gainful	benefisye
gaining	pran
gait	ale
gal	gal
gala	gala
galactic	galaktik
galaxy	galaksi
gale	Gale
gall	fyèl
gallant	gallant
gallantry	galantri
gallbladder	gallbladder
galled	galled
gallery	galeri
galley	galley
gallon	galon
gallop	galop
galloping	galop
gallows	jòn
galore	galeri
galvanic	galvanik
gamble	jwè
gambler	ganbadeur
gambling	jwèt aza
game	jwèt
gameday	gameday
gametime	gametime
gaming	Gaming
gamma	gama
gammon	gammon
gamut	gam
gander	anlèvman
gang	gang
gangland	gangland
gangrene	gangrene
gangster	Gangster
gangway	gangway
gaol	gòl
gap	espas
gape	gape
gaping	bayman
garage	garaj
garb	abiman
garbage	fatra
garbled	malad
garden	jaden
gardener	jaden
gardening	jadinaj
gardens	jaden
gargle	glase
gargoyle	gargoule
garish	garish
garlic	lay
garment	rad
garner	garner
garnet	ganèt
garnish	gani
garrison	Garrison
garter	Garter
gas	gaz
gaseous	gaz
gash	gach
gasification	gazifikasyon
gasket	gasket
gasoline	gazolin
gasp	gasp
gasping	gasping
gassy	gassy
gastric	gastrik
gastronomy	Gastronomie
gate	pòtay
gatekeeper	gadò yo
gateway	pòtay
gather	rasanble
gatherer	rasanbleman
gathering	rasanbleman
gator	gator
gatorade	Gatorade
gauche	NO TRANSLATION
gaudy	mouvman
gauge	kalib
gauging	mezi
gaunt	gang
gauntlet	gantle
gauze	gaz
gavel	gavel
gawk	gawk
gay	masisi
gaze	kontan
gazebo	Gazebo
gazelle	gazèl
gazette	gazèt
gazetteer	gazetteer
gazillion	gazillion
gazing	gade
gear	Kovèti pou
geek	geek
geeky	geeky
geez	geez
geezer	geezer
geisha	Geisha
gel	jèl
gelatin	jelatin
geld	NO TRANSLATION
gelding	gelding
gem	GEM
gemini	Gemini
gender	sèks
genealogy	rejis fanmi an
general	jeneral
generality	jeneralite
generalization	jeneralizasyon
generally	jeneralman
generate	jenere
generation	jenerasyon
generative	jeneratif
generator	dèlko
generic	jenerik
generosity	jenewozite
generous	jenere
genesis	Jenèz
genetic	jenetik
genetics	jenetik
genial	jenital
genie	jeni
genital	jenital
genitalia	jenital
genius	jeni
genocide	jenosid
genome	Genom
genre	genre
gent	Gent
genteel	genteel
gentile	Janti
gentle	dou
gentleman	Mesye
gentlemanly	gentlemanly
gentleness	jantiyès
gently	dousman
gentry	gentry
genuine	otantik
genus	genus
geographic	jewografik
geographical	jewografik
geography	jewografi
geological	jewolojik
geologist	jewolojis
geology	jeoloji
geometric	jewometrik
geometry	jeyometri
geranium	jeranyom
gerbil	gerbil
geriatric	geriatris
germ	jèm
german	german
germane	germane
germinate	jèmen
germination	jèminasyon
germs	mikwòb
gestation	jesyon
gesture	jès
get	jwenn
getaway	èskapad
getoverit	NO TRANSLATION
getoveryourself	NO TRANSLATION
getup	leve
getyourown	jwennyourown
ghastly	efreyan
ghetto	ghetto
ghost	fantom
ghostly	fantòmman
ghoul	ghoul
giant	jeyan
gibberish	gibberish
giddy	giddy
gift	kado
gifted	ki gen don
gifts	kado
gig	gig
gigantic	jigantèsk
giggle	griyen
giggles	giggles
giggling	giggling
gigolo	gigolo
gilded	dore
gill	Gill
gills	griye
gilt	gilt
gimmick	gad
gimp	gimp
gin	djin
ginger	jenjanm
gingerbread	Gingerbread
gingerly	Gingerly
ginseng	ginseng
giraffe	jiraf
girder	girder
girdle	sentiwon
girl	ti fi
girlfriend	mennaj
girlie	girlie
girlish	efemine
girly	girly
girth	zantray
gist	gist
give	bay
giveaway	bay kado
giver	NO TRANSLATION
giving	bay
gizmo	gizmo
gizzard	gizzard
glabrous	glabrous
glacial	glasyal
glacier	glasye
glad	kontan
glade	glade
gladiator	briyan
gladness	kontan
glamorous	selèb
glamour	ekla
glance	gade
gland	glann
glare	ekla
glaring	briyan
glass	vè
glasses	linèt
glassware	glason
glaucoma	glokòm
glaze	glase
glazed	lustres
gleam	klere
gleaming	briyan
glean	ranmase
glee	glee
gleeful	gleeful
glen	glen
glib	glib
glide	glise
glider	balans
glimmer	ekla
glimpse	aperçu
glint	glint
glisten	glisten
glitch	glitch
glitter	briye
glittering	entèselan
gloat	fè lwanj
global	mondyal
globe	glòb
globular	globular
gloom	tenèb
gloomy	lugubr
glorification	glorification
glorified	fè lwanj
glorify	glorifye
glorious	bèl pouvwa
glory	lwanj
gloss	Gloss
glossary	Glosè
glossy	briyan
glove	gan
gloves	gan
glow	lumière
glowing	lumineux
glucose	glikoz
glue	lakòl
glum	glum
glut	glut
gluten	gluten
glutton	gouman
gluttony	gouman
glycerin	gliserin
gnat	gnat
gnome	luten
go	ale
goal	objektif
goalie	gardyen
goals	objektif
goat	kabrit
goatee	gato
gob	gob
gobble	gobble
goblet	bòl
goblin	goblin
god	Bondye
godbless	NO TRANSLATION
goddamn	lapenn
goddamned	danjere
goddess	deyès
godfather	papa
godforsaken	kadav
godisgood	godisgood
godisgreat	NO TRANSLATION
godless	mechan
godlike	Bondye
godly	Bondye
godmother	Mèvèy
godsend	bondye
godson	godson
gofuckyourself	gofuckyourself
goggle	lunèt
goggles	linèt
gold	lò
golden	lò
goldfish	pwason wouj
golf	gòlf
golfer	gòlf
golfing	gòlf
gondola	gondèl
gone	ale
goner	gonè
gong	NO TRANSLATION
gonorrhea	gonore
goo	Goo
goober	vwazen
good	bon
goodbye	orevwa
goodday	Bonjou
goodfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
goodhealth	NO TRANSLATION
goodie	bon gou
goodies	bon kado
goodlife	goodlife
goodly	bon
goodmood	NO TRANSLATION
goodmorning	Bonjou
goodmusic	bon mizik
goodness	bonte
goodnews	bon nouvel
goods	machandiz
goodtimes	bontan
goodvibes	NO TRANSLATION
goodwill	bòn volonte
goody	bon gou
gooey	gooey
goof	goof
goofball	goofball
goofy	so
goon	kontinye
gooood	gooood
goop	goop
goose	zwa
gopher	gopher
gore	Gore
gorge	pasaj
gorgeous	supèrb
gorilla	goril
gory	Gory
gospel	levanjil la
gossip	tripotay
gothic	Gotik
gouge	goumen
goulash	goulash
gourd	goud
gourmet	goumè
gout	gout
govern	gouvène
governess	gouvènè
governing	gouvène
government	gouvènman an
governmental	gouvènmantal
governor	gouvènè
gown	ròb
grab	pwan
grace	favè
graceful	grasyeuz
gracias	NO TRANSLATION
gracious	pitye
graciously	jantiyès
grad	NO TRANSLATION
gradation	gradyasyon
grade	klas
graded	gradye
grader	klas
grades	klas
gradient	gradyan
gradschool	NO TRANSLATION
gradual	gradyèl
gradually	piti piti
graduate	gradye
graduation	gradyasyon
graffiti	grafiti
graft	grèf
grail	grail
grain	grenn
gram	gram
grammar	gramè
grand	Grand
grand theft auto	Grand vòl oto
grandchild	pitit pitit
grandchildren	pitit pitit
granddad	granddad
granddaddy	granddaddy
granddaughter	pitit fi
grandeur	grandeur
grandfather	granpapa
grandiose	grandè
grandma	grandma
grandmother	Grann
grandpa	papa
grandson	pitit pitit
grandstand	Grandstand
grange	grange
granite	granit
granny	granny
granola	granola
grant	sibvansyon
granted	yo akòde
grantee	grantee
grantor	sibvansyon
granular	granulaire
granule	granules
grape	rezen
grape juice	rezen ji
grapefruit	chadèk
grapes	rezen
grapevine	rezen
graph	graf
graphic	grafik
graphics	grafik
graphite	grafit
grapple	konpran
grappling	chape
grasp	atrab
grasping	sezisman
grass	zèb
grasshopper	sotrèl
grassy	grassy
grate	griyaj
grated	griye
grateful	rekonesan
gratification	satisfaksyon
gratified	satisfè
gratify	gratifyan
gratifying	satisfaksyon
grating	griyaj
gratis	NO TRANSLATION
gratitude	rekonesans
gratuitous	gratis
gratuity	gratui
grave	kavo
gravel	gravye
graver	NO TRANSLATION
graveyard	simetyèr
gravitate	gravite
gravitation	gravite
gravitational	gravitasyonèl
gravity	gravite
gravy	sòs
gray	gri
graze	Graze
grease	grès
greased	grese
greaser	greaser
greasy	gra
great	gwo
great anticipation	gwo antisipasyon
great aunt	gwo matant
great disgust	gwo degou
great grandfather	bon gran papa
great grandma	gwo granmè
great grandmother	gran grann
great grandpa	gran papa
great surprise	gwo sipriz
great trust	gwo konfyans
great uncle	gwo tonton
greatday	NO TRANSLATION
greater	pi gran
greatest	pi gran
greatfriends	NO TRANSLATION
greatful	NO TRANSLATION
greatly	anpil
greatly negative	anpil negatif
greatly positive	anpil pozitif
greatness	Grandè
greatnight	NO TRANSLATION
greed	Evaris
greedy	visye
green	vèt
green bean	vèt pwa
green pepper	vèt pwav
green snake	vèt koulèv
greenhouse	lakòz efè tèmik
greenish	koulè vèt
greenwood	Greenwood
greet	salye
greeted	akeyi
greeting	bonjou
gregarious	Gregory
grenade	grenad
grey	gri
greyhound	greyhound
grid	gri
gridiron	gridiron
grief	lapenn
grievance	plent
grieve	malè
grieved	lapenn
grieving	chagren
grievous	grav
griffin	griffin
grill	gri
grille	griyaj
grilled	griye
grim	grimas
grime	salte
grimy	grimy
grin	grin
grind	moulen
grinder	moulen
grinding	fanm k'ap pile
grindstone	moulen
gringo	gringo
grip	priz
gripe	gripe
grisly	grisly
grist	grist
grit	gravye
grits	grits
gritty	courageux
grizzly	grizzly
groan	plenn
grocer	grocer
groceries	Episri
grocery	makèt
groggy	groggy
groin	lenn
groom	Veterinè cheval
groove	Groove
groovy	groovy
grope	grope
gross	brit
grotesque	grotèsk
grotto	grot
grouch	grouch
grouchy	grouchy
ground	tè
grounded	chita
groundhog	groundhog
grounding	tè
groundless	oseyan
grounds	lakou
groundwork	fondasyon
group	gwoup
groupie	groupie
grouping	gwoupman
grouse	grouse
grout	mortise
grove	Grove
grovel	grovel
grow	grandi
growl	grandi
growling	grinpye
growls	grandi
grownup	grandi
growth	kwasans
growthefuckup	growthefuckup
grr	grr
grrr	grrr
grrrrr	grrrrr
grub	fouye
grubby	grubby
grudge	lapenn
grudging	plenyen
grudgingly	grudgingly
gruel	gruel
grueling	grueling
gruesome	gruesome
gruff	grof
grumble	bese
grump	grump
grumpy	mawon
grunt	grunt
grunting	grunting
guacamole	guacamole
guano	guano
guarantee	garanti
guaranty	guaranty
guard	gad
guarded	veye
guardhouse	gad
guardian	gadyen
guardianship	gadyen legal
guards	gad yo
gubernatorial	Gouvènè
guerilla	NO TRANSLATION
guerrilla	geriya
guess	devine
guesser	guesser
guesswork	devinèt
guest	envite
guesthouse	Guesthouse
guidance	konsèy
guide	gid
guidebook	Gid
guidelines	direktiv
guiding	k ap gide
guild	Guild
guile	lwanj
guillotine	guillotine
guilt	kilpabilite
guilty	koupab
guinea	Gine
guise	laparans
guitar	gita
guitarist	gitaris
gules	gòl
gulf	Gòlf
gull	Gull
gullet	gullet
gullible	gullible
gully	gully
gulp	gòl
gum	jansiv
gumbo	gumbo
gummy	gummy
gumption	jansiv
gun	zam
gunboat	balèn
gunfight	gunfight
gunfighter	gunfighter
gunfire	bal
gunk	gon
gunman	zam
gunmen	zam
gunner	sèrvan
gunnery	gnou
gunplay	zam
gunpoint	zam
gunpowder	poud poul
gunshot	bal
gunslinger	gunslinger
gurney	griye
guru	Guru
gush	gush
gusher	gusher
gusset	gusset
gust	gust
gusto	NO TRANSLATION
gusty	gusty
gut	zantray
gutless	gluan
guts	entesten
gutsy	byen
gutter	goutyè
guy	nèg
guzzler	guzzler
guzzling	guzzling
gym	jimnastik
gymnasium	jimnazyòm
gymnast	jimnastik
gymnastic	jimnastik
gymnastics	jimnastik
gynecologist	jinekolojist
gynecology	jinekoloji
gypsy	Gypsy
gyroscope	jiroskop
habit	abitid
habitat	abita
habitation	kay
habitual	abitid
habitually	abityèlman
hacienda	hacienda
hack	Hack
hacker	HACKER
hacksaw	hacksaw
hadenough	NO TRANSLATION
hag	hag
haggard	haggard
haggle	machande
haiku	haiku
hail	lagrèl
hair	cheve
hairball	cheve boul
hairbrush	cheve nan tèt
haircut	koup cheve
hairdo	kwafur
hairdresser	kwafè
hairdryer	bagay pou seche cheve
hairless	chalè
hairline	cheve
hairpin	anpenpan
hairspray	hairspray
hairstyle	kwafur
hairy	pwal sou tout kò
hale	hale
half	mwatye
half dollar	mwatye dola
halfback	mwatye
halftime	dezyèm mitan
halfway	mwatye
halibut	halibut
hall	sal la
hallelujah	Alelouya
hallmark	karakteristik
hallowed	mete apa pou Bondye
hallucination	alisinasyon
hallway	koulwa
halo	halo
halt	sispann
halter	mwatye
halting	kanpe
halve	halve
halving	halving
ham	janbon
hamburger	anmbègè
hamlet	ti vilaj
hammer	mato
hammerhead	mato
hammering	mato
hammock	Hammock
hamper	anpeche
hamster	amstè
hamstring	andikape
hand	men
handbag	valiz
handball	Handball
handbook	manyèl
handcuff	menote
handful	ti ponyen
handgun	lapèch
handheld	pòtatif
handicap	andikap
handicapped	andikape
handicraft	atizanal
handiwork	travayè
handkerchief	mouchwa
handle	okipe
handler	okipe
handmade	handmade
handout	feyè
handprint	handprint
handshake	negosyasyon
handsome	bèl
handwriting	ekriti
handy	sou la men
handyman	handyman
hang	pann
hangar	angar
hanger	hanger
hanging	pandye
hangman	bouro
hangout	Hangout
hangover	angove
hangry	hangry
hank	hank
hankering	anvi
hanky	Hanky
hap	NO TRANSLATION
haphazard	azar
hapless	maléré
happen	rive
happening	k ap pase
happier	pi kontan
happiest	Erezman
happily	Erezman
happiness	bonè
happy	kè kontan
happydance	happydance
happyday	kè kontan
happyheart	kè kontan
happyholidays	NO TRANSLATION
happynewyear	NO TRANSLATION
happyplace	NO TRANSLATION
happytweet	NO TRANSLATION
happyvalentinesday	NO TRANSLATION
harass	anmède
harassing	arasman
harassment	arasman
harbinger	prezidan
harbor	pò
hard	difisil
hardball	Hardball
hardcore	Hardcore
harden	kenbe
hardened	fè tèt di toujou
hardening	anpeche
hardheaded	hardheaded
hardness	dite
hardship	difikilte
hardware	pyès ki nan konpitè
hardwood	bwa
hardworking	travay di
hardy	difisil
hare	lapen
harebrained	arebre
harem	Harem
hark	tande
harlot	jennès
harm	mal
harmful	danjere
harmless	san danje
harmonica	Harmony
harmonics	Harmony
harmonious	Harmony
harmoniously	annamoni
harmonize	amonize
harmony	amoni
harness	ekipay
harp	gita
harper	Harper
harpoon	arpone
harpsichord	vlope
harrowing	atrosan
harry	harry
harsh	piman bouk
harshness	difisil
hart	difisil
harvest	rekòt
hash	eche
hashish	Hasich
hassle	konplikasyon
haste	prese
hasten	prese
hastily	prese
hasty	prese
hat	chapo
hatch	kale
hatchet	kale
hate	rayi
hateeee	NO TRANSLATION
hateeveryone	NO TRANSLATION
hateful	rayisab
hater	rayi
hateyou	NO TRANSLATION
hating	rayi
hatred	rayisman
haughty	òf
haul	bwote
haulage	transpòtasyon
haunt	ante
haunted	ante
have	genyen
haven	Haven
havoc	fè mal
haw	fè
hawk	malfini
hawking	hawking
hay	NO TRANSLATION
haye	haye
hayride	hayride
haystack	zèb
haywire	haywire
hazard	danje
hazardous	danjere
haze	brouyar
hazmat	Hazmat
hazy	vwale
head	tèt
headache	tèt fè mal
headaches	tèt fè mal
headband	bando
headdress	headdress
header	header
headgear	tèt
heading	tit
headland	headland
headless	tèt
headlight	limyè
headline	gran tit
headliner	Headliner
headlock	tèt
headlong	sou tèt
headmaster	direktè
headphones	kas ekoutè
headquarter	santral
headquarters	katye jeneral
headset	tèt
headstone	tèt
headstrong	tèt
headway	fèy
heady	hadi
heal	Geri
healer	swayeur
healing	geri
health	sante
healthcare	swen sante
healthful	sante
healthy	an sante
heap	pil
hear	tande
hearer	tande
hearing	odyans
hearsay	tande
hearse	tande
heart	kè
heart disease	maladi kè
heartache	chagren
heartattack	NO TRANSLATION
heartbeat	batman kè
heartbreak	kè sere
heartbreaker	heartbreaker
heartbreaking	kè
heartbroken	kè
heartburn	brûlures
hearted	kè
heartfelt	sensè
hearth	fwaye
heartily	kè
heartland	heartland
heartless	kè
hearts	kè
heartsick	kè
heartworm	kè
hearty	sezi
heat	chalè
heated	chofe
heater	aparèy chofaj
heath	Heath
heathen	nasyon
heather	Heather
heating	chofaj
heave	leve
heaven	syèl la
heavenly	nan syèl la
heavens	syèl la
heavily	lou
heaviness	lapenn
heaving	leve
heavy	lou
heavy metal	lou metal
heavyweight	pwa loud
heck	èk
hectares	ekta
hectic	ajitasyon
hedge	bè
hedgehog	Lerison
hedonism	Èdonis
hee	Hee
heed	fè atansyon
heel	talon pye
heels	pinga'w
heft	Heft
hefty	for
hegemonic	hegemonic
heheh	NO TRANSLATION
heifer	ti gazèl
height	wotè
heighten	entansifye
heightened	entansifye
heinous	heinous
heir	eritye
heiress	eritye
heirloom	héritage
heirs	resevwa eritaj Bondye
heist	ègzist
helical	elikoptè
helicopter	elikoptè
helipad	Helipad
heliport	Heliport
helium	elyòm
helix	helix
hell	lanfè
hellfire	lanfè
hellhole	lanfè
hellish	infernal
helm	Helm
helmet	kas
helmsman	eleman
help	èd
helper	ede
helpful	itil
helpless	dekouraje
helplessness	enpuisans
hem	NO TRANSLATION
hematite	ematit
hematoma	ematom
hemi	emi
hemisphere	emisfè
hemispheric	emisferik
hemlock	Hemlock
hemoglobin	emoglobin
hemorrhage	emoraji
hemorrhoids	emoroid
hemostat	emostat
hemp	chanv
hen	NO TRANSLATION
henceforth	depi koulye a
henhouse	henhouse
hepatitis	epatit
herald	anonse
heraldry	eraldik
herb	zèb
herbaceous	èrbeuz
herbal	èrbal
herbarium	èrbarium
herbs	remèd fèy
herd	bann
hereditary	ereditè
heredity	eredite
heresy	erezi
heretic	eretik
heretical	eretik
heretofore	anvan
hereunto	isit la
herewith	isit la
heritage	eritaj
hermaphrodite	hermaphrodite
hermeneutics	hermeneutics
hermit	hermit
hernia	èrni
hero	ewo
heroic	ewoyik
heroics	ewoyik
heroin	ewoyin
heroine	eroin
heroism	kouraj
herpes	èpès
herpesvirus	èpèsvirus
herring	aran
hertz	hertz
hesitant	ezite
hesitate	ezite
hesitating	ezite
hesitation	ezitasyon
hetero	Etero
heterogeneity	etewojènite
heterosexual	etewoseksyèl
hew	chew
hex	hex
hexagon	Egzagòn
heyday	gran jou
hiatus	lakou
hibernate	hibernate
hibernation	ibènasyon
hiccup	okipe
hick	hick
hickey	hickey
hickory	hickory
hidden	kache
hide	kache
hideaway	kache
hideous	efreyan
hideout	kachèt
hiding	kache
hierarchical	yerarchize
hierarchy	yerachi
hieroglyphics	yewoglifik
high	segondè
high heels	Talon wo
highball	Highball
higher	pi wo
highest	pi wo
highland	Highland
highlands	mòn
highlight	mete aksan sou
highness	ekselans
hight	hight
hightail	hightail
highway	gran wout
hijack	detounen
hijacker	kidnape avyon
hike	Vwayaje
hiker	hiker
hiking	randone
hiking boot	bòt randone
hilarious	hilarious
hilarity	hilarity
hill	mòn
hillside	ti mòn
hilltop	tèt mòn
hilly	aksidante
hilt	kòlè
hind	hind
hinder	anpeche
hindering	anpeche
hindrance	antrav
hindsight	retrospective
hinge	gon
hint	allusion
hinterland	andedan
hip	anch
hip hop	hip hop
hippie	ipi
hippo	Ipopotam
hippopotamus	ipopotam
hire	anboche
hirsute	orevwa
hiss	ous
hissing	lanse
histology	Istoloji
historian	istoryen
historic	istorik
historical	istorik
historiography	istoryografi
history	istwa
hit	frape
hitch	sekous
hitchhike	hitchhike
hitchhiker	hitchhiker
hitherto	juska
hitter	batè
hive	ruch
hives	itikè
hoard	HARD
hoarse	fèy
hoary	ankèt
hoax	fo
hob	kob
hobbit	hobbit
hobby	plezi
hobo	hobo
hock	chòk
hockey	Hockey
hoe	NO TRANSLATION
hog	kochon
hogwash	hogwash
hohoho	NO TRANSLATION
hoist	anvwaye
hokey	hokey
hold	kenbe
holder	detantè
holding	kenbe
holdup	kenbe
hole	twou
holiday	jou ferye
holidays	jou ferye
holidayseason	NO TRANSLATION
holiness	sentete
holistic	holistic
holler	holler
hollow	kre
holly	Holly
holocaust	holocaust
hologram	ologram
holographic	olografik
holster	pòch
holy	apa pou Bondye
holyspirit	NO TRANSLATION
homage	omaj
hombre	NO TRANSLATION
hombres	NO TRANSLATION
home	lakay
homeboy	homeboy
homecoming	rezidan
homeland	peyi natal
homeless	ki san kay
homely	kay
homemade	endijèn
homeopathic	omeopat
homeopathy	omeopatik
homeowner	pwopriyetè kay la
homeroom	Homeroom
homesick	kayick
homestead	homestead
homesweethome	lakay se lakay
hometown	peyi
homeward	homeward
homework	devwa
homey	lakay
homicidal	omisid
homicide	omisid
homily	homily
homing	kay
hominy	hominy
homo	homo
homogeneity	omojèn
homogeneous	omojèn
homologous	omolog
homologue	omolog
homology	homology
homophobic	omofob
homosexual	omoseksyèl
homosexuality	envèrsyon
honcho	Honcho
hone	hone
honest	onèt
honesty	onètete
honey	siwo myèl
honeycomb	siwo myèl
honeymoon	Lin de myèl
honeysuckle	chevrefeu
honk	honk
honky	honky
honor	onè
honorable	onorab
honorarium	onorriyom
honorary	onorè
honored	onore
hooch	Hooch
hood	Hood
hooded	kapuchon
hoodlum	baskètbòl
hoof	zèb
hook	zen
hooked	branche
hooker	HOOKER
hookup	akwoche
hooky	an
hooligan	vandal
hoop	baskètbòl
hoopla	hoopla
hooray	tèt
hoot	tiyo
hooter	kaptire
hop	hop
hope	espwa
hopeful	espwa
hopeless	san espwa
hopelessness	dezespwa
hopes	espere ke
hoping	espere
hopper	Hopper
horde	Horde
horizon	orizon
horizontal	orizontal
horizontally	orizontal
hormonal	ormon
hormone	òmòn
horn	kòn
horned	kònen
hornet	kònèy
horny	horny
horoscope	horoscope
horrendous	épouvantabl
horrible	terib
horribly	horribly
horrid	sezi
horrific	terib
horrified	laperèz
horrifying	enkyete
horror	laterè
horrors	laterè
horse	chwal
horseback	cheval
horseman	kavalye
horsepower	puisans
horseradish	refor
horseshit	kavalye
horseshoe	Horseshoe
horsey	horsey
horticultural	ortikultur
horticulture	Òtikilti
hosannah	NO TRANSLATION
hose	kawotchou
hosiery	chosèt
hospice	hospice
hospitable	akeyan
hospital	lopital
hospitality	Ospitalite
host	lame
hostage	an otaj
hostel	fwaye
hostess	otès
hostile	ostil
hostilities	ostilite
hostility	ostilite
hot	cho
hot sauce	cho sòs
hotbed	hotbed
hotdog	Sosis
hotel	otèl
hothead	òtograf
hotline	liy dirèk la
hotshot	piki cho
hotyoga	NO TRANSLATION
hound	hound
hour	èdtan
hourglass	sèr
hourly	èdtan
house	kay
houseboat	kay
houseboy	kay
housebroken	fèb
houseguest	kay
household	kay la
householder	mèt kay la
housekeeper	Housekeeper
housekeeping	kenbe
housewarming	housewarming
housewife	madanm marye
housework	travay nan kay la
housing	lojman
hovel	zanj
hover	hover
hovercraft	aerogliseur
howl	koule
howsoever	tou
hoy	NO TRANSLATION
hub	mwaye
hubby	hubby
huckleberry	huckleberry
huddle	huddle
hue	Hue
huff	huff
huffy	huffy
hug	anbrase
huge	gwo
hugger	hugger
huggy	huggy
hugs	akolad
hulk	hulk
hull	ekòs
hum	hum
human	imen
humane	imen
humanitarian	imanitè
humanities	imanite
humanity	imanite
humankind	limanite
humanoid	umanoid
humanrights	NO TRANSLATION
humble	enb
humbled	enb
humbly	imilyan
humbug	humbug
humdrum	jwèt
humid	imid
humidity	imidite
humiliate	imilye
humiliated	imilye
humiliating	imilyan
humiliation	imilyasyon
humility	imilite
hummer	hummer
hummingbird	Kolibri
humongous	humongous
humor	imè
humored	anime
humorist	imè
humorous	komik
hump	tèt
humpback	Humpback
hunch	pousyè
hunchback	hunchback
hundred	san
hundredth	santyèm
hunger	grangou
hungry	grangou
hunk	chen
hunks	chen
hunky	Hangky
hunt	lachas
hunter	chasè
hunting	lachas
huntress	lachas
hurdle	obstak
hurl	balanse
hurrah	hurray
hurricane	siklòn
hurricanes	Siklòn
hurried	prese
hurry	prese
hurryup	NO TRANSLATION
hurt	fè mal
hurtful	fè mal
hurting	fè mal
husband	mari
husbandry	jaden
hush	silans
hushed	koupe
husk	NO TRANSLATION
husky	Husky
hussy	hussy
hustle	ajitasyon
hustler	hustler
hut	joupa
hutch	hutch
hyacinth	jasent
hybrid	ibrid
hydra	idra
hydrant	idrant
hydrate	idrat
hydraulic	idwolik
hydraulics	idwolik
hydrocephalus	hydrocephalus
hydrodynamics	idrodinamik
hydrogen	idwojèn
hydrographic	idrograf
hydrology	idrolojik
hydrophobia	idrofobi
hydroponics	idroponik
hyena	hyena
hygiene	ijyèn
hygienic	ijyenik
hygienist	ijyenist
hymen	imen
hymn	kantik
hype	battage
hyped	hyped
hyper	hyper
hyperactive	hyperactive
hyperbole	Hyperbole
hyperspace	hyperspace
hypertension	tansyon wo
hypertrophy	ipertwofi
hyperventilate	hyperventilate
hyperventilating	hyperventilating
hyphen	tiyo
hypnosis	hypnosis
hypnotic	ipnoz
hypnotist	ipnotis
hypnotize	ipnotize
hypnotized	ipnotize
hypochondriac	ipokondriak
hypocrisy	ipokrizi
hypocrite	ipokrit
hypocritical	ipokrit
hypodermic	ipodèm
hypothalamus	hypothalamus
hypothermia	ipotèmi
hypothesis	ipotèz
hypothetical	ipotetik
hysterectomy	hysterectomy
hysteria	isterik
hysterical	isterik
ibuprofen	ibipwofèn
ice	glas
ice tea	glas te
iceberg	iceberg
icebox	icebox
icebreaker	icebreaker
iced	glase
icing	glas
icky	icky
icon	icon
iconic	Iconiţă
iconography	ikonografi
icy	glase
id	id
idea	lide
ideal	ideyal
idealism	idealism
idealist	idealist
idealistic	idealism
identical	idantik
identically	idantikman
identification	idantifikasyon
identify	idantifye
identity	idantite
ideology	ideoloji
idiocy	idiocy
idiom	idiom
idiomatic	idiomat
idiot	zidòl
idiotic	idiotik
idiots	idiots
idle	san fè anyen konsa
idleness	ochomaj
idler	idwolik
idol	zidòl
idolatry	idolatri
idolizing	idolizan
idyllic	idilik
iffy	iffy
ifonly	ifonly
igloo	igloo
igneous	igneous
ignite	pran dife
ignition	ignisyon
ignorance	inyorans
ignorant	inyoran
ignore	inyore
iguana	igwan
ihatespiders	NO TRANSLATION
ilk	NO TRANSLATION
ill	malad
illegal	ilegal
illegality	ilegalite
illegally	ilegalman
illegible	ilegal
illegitimate	ilejitim
illicit	ilegal
illiterate	analfabèt
illness	maladi
illogical	lojik
illuminate	grandi
illuminating	lumineux
illumination	lumières
illuminator	eklerateur
illusion	ilizyon
illustrate	ilistre
illustration	ilistrasyon
illustrative	ilistrasyon
illustrious	ilistrasyon
ilovechristmas	NO TRANSLATION
iloveher	NO TRANSLATION
image	imaj
imagery	simagri
imaginable	imajinab
imaginary	imajinè
imagination	imajinasyon
imaginative	imajinè
imagine	imajine
imagined	imajine
imaging	D '
imagining	imajine
imam	NO TRANSLATION
imbalance	move balans
imbecile	imbecile
imbedded	anrejistre
imissyou	NO TRANSLATION
imitate	imite
imitated	imite
imitation	imitasyon
immaculate	Immaculate
immaterial	immaterial
immature	imatur
immaturity	imatite
immeasurable	immeasurable
immeasurably	immeasurably
immediacy	imedyatman
immediate	imedyat
immediately	imedyatman
immemorial	imemoryal
immense	imans
immerse	plonje
immersion	imèsyon
immigrant	imigran
immigration	imigrasyon
imminent	iminan
immobile	immobilize
immoral	imoral
immorality	imoralite
immortal	imòtèl
immortality	imòtalite
immovable	immobilier
immune	iminitè
immunity	iminite
immunization	vaksinasyon
immutable	imuiabl
imp	imp
impact	enpak
impair	afè
impaired	pwoblèm
impairment	andikap
impart	pataje
impartial	san patipri
impartiality	enpasyalite
impassable	enfranchisabl
impassioned	anbete
impatience	enpasyans
impatient	enpasyan
impatiently	NO TRANSLATION
impeach	anpeche
impeachment	anpeche
impeccable	parfèt
impede	anpeche
impediment	entèdiksyon
impelled	enpilsyon
impending	pwolonje
impenetrable	inpénétrabl
imperative	enperatif
imperceptible	insansibl
imperfect	Enkonplè
imperfection	enpèfeksyon
imperfectly	enpafè
imperial	Imperial
imperialist	NO TRANSLATION
impermeable	Enpèmeyab
impermissible	enpotib
impersonal	impersonal
impersonate	imite
impersonation	Imèlasyon
impersonator	imigran
impertinence	enpitans
impertinent	enpitant
impervious	enpèmeyab
impetuous	non
impetus	tanpri
implacable	enfratab
implant	implant
implantation	enplantasyon
implanted	enplante
implement	aplike
implicate	enplike
implicated	enplike
implication	enplikasyon
implied	enplisit
implore	mande
implosion	emosyon
imply	vle di
impolite	enpilsyon
import	enpòte
importance	enpòtans
important	enpòtan
importation	enpòtasyon
impose	enpoze
imposing	enpoze
imposition	enpozisyon
impossibility	enposib
impossible	enposib
impostor	enpostè
impotence	enpotans
impotent	enpotan
impound	souf
impoverished	pòv
impracticable	inkonkrè
impractical	Inposibl
impregnable	inpénétrabl
impregnate	enpreye
impress	enpresyone
impressed	enpresyone
impression	enpresyon
impressionable	enpresyonab
impressive	enpresyonan
imprint	anprent
imprison	prizon
imprisoned	prizon
imprisonment	prizon
improbable	pwobab
impromptu	enprovize
improper	move
impropriety	enpwopriyete
improve	amelyore
improved	amelyore
improvement	amelyorasyon
improves	amelyore
improving	amelyore
improvisation	enpwovizasyon
improvise	enpresyone
improvised	elatriye
imprudent	enprudant
impudence	enpwisans
impudent	soupou
impulse	enpilsyon
impulsive	san reflechi
impunity	enpinite
impure	mal
impurity	anpati
imputation	enputasyon
imtryingtosleep	NO TRANSLATION
inability	enkapasite
inaccessible	inaksesibl
inaccurate	kòrèk
inaction	inaksyon
inactivate	inaktif
inactivation	inaktivasyon
inactive	inaktif
inactivity	inaktivite
inadequacy	enkapasite
inadequate	apwopriye
inadequateness	ensifizans
inadmissible	inadmissible
inadvertent	inadvèrtan
inadvertently	inadvèrtans
inaffable	NO TRANSLATION
inalienable	inalienable
inane	inane
inanimate	inanime
inapplicable	inapplikab
inappropriate	apwopriye
inattention	neglijans
inaudible	fèbl
inaugural	inogirasyon
inaugurate	inogire
inauguration	inogirasyon
inborn	enkoni
inbound	antre
inbred	anbrase
incalculable	incalculable
incandescent	enkandesan
incantation	ankourajman
incapable	enkapab
incapacity	enkapasite
incarceration	anprizònman
incarnate	senkan
incase	incase
incendiary	ensandyè
incense	lansan
incensed	fri
incentive	ankourajman
inception	kreyasyon
incessant	pèrpetuèl
incessantly	ensesaman
incest	ensès
incestuous	incestuous
inch	pous
incidence	ensidans
incident	ensidan
incidental	okazyonèl
incidentally	fortwit
incineration	ensinerasyon
incinerator	mekanis
incipient	k ap resevwa
incision	Ensizyon
incisive	incisive
incite	ankouraje
incitement	ankourajman
inclement	konklizyon
inclination	enklinezon
incline	Panche
inclined	enkline
include	enkli
included	enkli
including	ki gen ladan
inclusion	enklizyon
inclusive	enklizif
incognito	enkoyito
incoherent	incoherent
income	revni
incoming	fèk ap rantre
incomparable	enprenabl
incompatible	enkonpatib
incompetence	enkonpetans
incompetent	enkonpetan
incomplete	enkonplè
incompletely	enkonplètman
incompleteness	enkonplè
incomprehensible	enkonpreyansib
inconceivable	inconceivable
inconclusive	dezakò
incongruous	dezagreyab
inconsequential	enkonvenyan
inconsiderate	konsilte
inconsistency	enkonsistans
inconsistent	konsistan
inconspicuous	évité
incontinence	enkonvenyans
inconvenience	enkonvenyans
inconvenient	konvenyan
incorporate	enkòpore
incorporation	enkòporasyon
incorrect	kòrèk
incorrigible	enkorijib
increase	ogmante
increased	ogmante
incredible	enkwayab
incredulous	incredulous
increment	enkreman
incriminate	enkline
incriminating	enkline
incrimination	ensidan
incubation	enkubasyon
incubator	enkibatè
incubus	enkubus
incumbent	incombe
incur	antrene
incurable	iremedyabl
incursion	enkreman
indebted	dèt
indecency	endesans
indecent	endesan
indecision	indecision
indecisive	indecisive
indefensible	endefandab
indefinite	endefini
indelible	endelib
indemnification	eksepsyon
indemnify	defini
indemnity	endamnite
indent	indent
indentation	endependans
indenture	indenture
independence	endepandans
independent	endepandan
indescribable	entradwizibl
indestructible	endèstruktibl
indeterminate	endetèmine
index	endèks
indicate	endike
indicating	ki endike
indication	endikasyon
indicative	indicative
indicator	Endikatè
indice	NO TRANSLATION
indict	endike
indictment	akizasyon
indie	endepandan
indifference	endiferans
indifferent	endiferan
indigenous	endijèn
indigent	endiferan
indigestion	endijesyon
indignant	ezite
indignation	endiyasyon
indignity	endiyasyon
indigo	endijèn
indirect	endirèk
indiscreet	endiskri
indiscretion	endiskisyon
indispensable	endispansab
indisposed	endispoze
indistinct	endistin
indistinguishable	endiferib
individual	moun
individuality	endividyalite
indivisible	endivizib
indoctrination	andokrinasyon
indolent	endolan
indomitable	endiferab
indoor	andedan kay la
induce	pwovoke
induced	pwovoke
inducement	ankourajman
induction	endiksyon
indulge	apresye
indulgence	tolerans
indulgent	induljans
industrial	endistriyèl
industrialist	endistriyalis
industrious	travayè
industry	endistri
ineffable	inefabl
ineffective	efikas
ineffectual	ineffectual
inefficiency	inefficiency
inefficient	rezèvwa
inelastic	inelastik
ineligible	pa kalifye
inept	inept
ineptitude	ineptitid
inequality	inegalite
inequitable	inevitab
inert	inert
inertia	inèsi
inevitable	inevitab
inexact	inexact
inexcusable	inexcusable
inexhaustible	inépuizib
inexpensive	chè
inexperience	inèksperyans
inexperienced	san eksperyans
inexplicable	ineksplikab
inexpressible	inexpressible
infallibility	enfayibilite
infallible	reyon
infamous	trist
infamy	infamy
infancy	timoun
infant	tibebe
infanticide	enfantisid
infantile	enfantil
infantry	enfantri
infarct	enfakt
infatuated	infatuated
infatuation	avètisman
infeasible	enfasibl
infect	enfekte
infection	enfeksyon
infectious	enfektye
infer	enferyè
inference	enferans
inferential	enferansyèl
inferior	enferyè
inferiority	enferyorite
infernal	dyabolik
inferno	Inferno
infertile	infertile
infertility	lakòz
infestation	enfeksyon
infidel	enfidel
infidelity	enfidelite
infield	enfiltre
infiltrate	enfiltre
infiltration	enfiltrasyon
infinite	enfini
infinitely	enfiniman
infinitesimal	infinitesimal
infinity	Infinity
infirm	enfim
infirmary	enfimyè
infirmity	enfimite
inflammation	enflamasyon
inflammatory	enflamatwa
inflatable	enflatab
inflate	gonfle
inflated	gonfle
inflation	enflasyon
inflection	enfleksyon
inflict	blese
infliction	enfliksyon
inflorescence	florèzon
influence	enfliyans
influential	enfliyan
influenza	grip
influx	foul
info	info
infomercial	enfomasyonèl
inform	enfòme
informal	enfòmèl
informant	enfòmatè
information	enfòmasyon
informative	enfòmatif
informed	enfòme
informer	enfòmatè
infraction	enfraksyon
infrared	enfrawouj
infrastructure	enfrastrikti
infrequent	souvan
infrequently	souvan
infringement	kontravansyon
infuriate	fache
infuriated	fache
infuriates	infuriates
infuriating	fache
infuse	pénétrer
infused	infused
infuser	infuser
infusion	perfusion
ingenious	enjenyeu
ingenuity	entèlijans
ingest	ingest
ingestion	enjèstyon
ingot	ingot
ingrained	engredyan
ingrate	ingrate
ingredient	engredyan
ingress	engredyan
inhabit	viv
inhabitant	abitan
inhabited	rete
inhabiting	abite
inhalation	rale
inhale	respire
inhaler	inalè
inherent	nannan
inherit	eritye
inheritance	eritaj
inhibit	anpeche
inhibition	anpèchman
inhibitor	inhibitor
inhospitable	inospitalye
inhuman	imèn
inhumane	inhumane
inhumanity	imènite
inimaginable	NO TRANSLATION
inimical	inimik
inimitable	inimitabl
iniquity	mechanste
initial	premye
initiate	kòmanse
initiated	inisye
initiation	inisyasyon
initiative	inisyativ
inject	enjekte
injection	piki
injunction	enjonksyon
injure	blese
injured	blese
injuring	blese
injurious	blese
injury	blesi
injustice	enjistis
ink	lank
inkling	tou
inland	andedan
inlay	enkruste
inlet	inlet
inmate	prizonye
inn	lotel
innards	innards
innate	natirèl
inner	enteryè
innermost	entim
innerpeace	NO TRANSLATION
inning	gadyen
innings	inin
innkeeper	innkeeper
innocence	inosan
innocent	inosan
innocently	inosan
innocuous	anonim
innovate	inovasyon
innovation	inovasyon
innovative	inovatè
innuendo	innuendo
innumerable	anpil
inoculation	inokulasyon
inoperable	inoperable
inoperative	inoperative
inordinate	anòdone
inorganic	inòganik
input	D '
inquest	ankèt
inquire	mande
inquirer	rechèch
inquiring	mande
inquiry	ankèt
inquisitive	fouyanpòt
inquisitor	enkizitè
insane	fou
insanity	foli
insatiable	ensasyabl
inscription	inscription
inscrutable	inscrutable
insect	ensèk
insecticide	ensektisid
insecure	ensekirite
insecurity	ensekirite
insemination	fekondasyon
insensitive	sansibl
inseparable	inséparabl
insert	insert
inserted	eleman
insertion	ensèsyon
inside	andedan
insider	inisye
insidious	trètr
insight	insight
insightful	insightful
insignia	ensiy
insignificance	ensiyifyans
insignificant	ensiyifyan
insinuate	ensinye
insipid	ensipid
insist	ensiste
insistence	ensistans
insistent	ensiste
insists	ensiste
insolence	ensolans
insolent	ensolan
insoluble	ensolubl
insolvency	fayit
insolvent	ensolvant
insomnia	lensomni
insomniac	ensomniac
inspect	enspekte
inspection	enspeksyon
inspector	enspektè
inspiration	enspirasyon
inspirational	enspirasyon
inspire	enspire
inspired	enspire
instability	enstabilite
install	enstale
installation	enstalasyon
installment	enstalasyon
instance	egzanp
instant	enstantane
instantaneous	Enstantane
instantaneously	enstantane
instigate	enstije
instigation	enstigasyon
instill	enstwi
instinct	ensten
instinctive	enstenktif
institute	enstiti
institution	enstitisyon
instruct	enstriksyon
instructed	enstwi
instruction	enstriksyon
instructional	enstriksyonèl
instructions	enstriksyon yo
instructive	enstriktif
instructor	enstriktè
instrument	enstriman
instrumental	enstrimantal
instrumentalist	enstrimantalist
instrumentality	enstrimantalite
insubordination	ensibòdinasyon
insufferable	insuportabl
insufficiency	ensifizans
insufficient	ensifizan
insufficiently	ensufizant
insular	ensolè
insulate	izolasyon
insulated	izole
insulation	izolasyon
insulin	ensilin
insult	joure
insulting	ensiltan
insurance	asirans
insure	asire
insurgent	ensije
insurmountable	enfranchisabl
insurrection	revòlt
intact	entak
intake	konsomasyon
intangible	mèb
integer	nonb antye
integral	entegral
integrate	entegre
integration	entegrasyon
integrity	entegrite
intellect	intelijans
intellectual	entelektyèl
intelligence	entèlijans
intelligent	entèlijan
intelligibility	entèlijans
intelligible	konpreansibl
intend	gen entansyon
intended	fèt
intending	entansyon
intense	entans
intensely	intans
intensify	entansifye
intensity	entansite
intensive	entansif
intent	entansyon
intention	entansyon
intentional	entansyonèl
intentionally	entansyonèlman
inter	entè
interact	kominike
interaction	entèraksyon
interactive	entèaktif
intercede	lapriyè
intercept	entèseksyon
interception	entèsepsyon
intercession	lapriyè
interchange	echanj
interchangeable	ranplase
interchanged	chanje
intercom	entèrfon
intercourse	kouche
interdependence	entèdepandans
interdependent	entèdepandan
interdiction	entèdiksyon
interest	enterè
interested	enterese
interesting	enteresan
interface	koòdone
interfere	entèfere
interference	entèferans
interferometer	entèferomètr
intergalactic	entèrgalaktik
interim	pwovizwa
interior	enteryè
interject	entèprete
interlocutory	entèrlokuteur
interlude	interlude
intermediary	entèmedyè
intermediate	entèmedyè
interment	entè
interminable	endiferab
intermission	entèmedyè
intermittent	tanzantan
intern	entèn
internal	entèn
internally	entèn
international	entènasyonal
internet	entènèt
internship	estaj
interoffice	interoffice
interpolate	entè-poli
interpolation	entèpolasyon
interpret	entèprete
interpretation	entèpretasyon
interpreter	entèprèt
interpretive	entèprete
interrelated	relye
interrogate	enterogasyon
interrogation	entèwogasyon
interrupt	entèwonp
interrupted	entèwonp
interrupting	entewonp
interruption	entèripsyon
interrupts	entèwonp
intersect	entèsekte
intersection	entèseksyon
interstate	ant eta
interstellar	entèstelè
interstitial	entèrstitisyon
interval	entèval
intervene	entèvni
intervening	entèvni
intervention	entèvansyon
interview	entèvyou
interviewer	entèvyou
interworking	interworking
intestate	entestasyon
intestinal	entesten
intestine	trip
intestines	trip
intimacy	entimite
intimate	entim
intimately	intimately
intimation	entimasyon
intimidate	entimide
intimidated	entimide
intimidating	entimidasyon
intimidation	entimidasyon
intolerable	entolerab
intolerance	entolerans
intolerant	entolerans
intonation	entonasyon
intoxicated	entoksike
intoxicating	Entoksikasyon
intoxication	Entoksikasyon
intracranial	entrakran
intractable	entranzabl
intramural	entramural
intravenous	venn
intrepid	endiferan
intricate	konplike
intrigue	konplote
intriguing	entrigan
intrinsic	intrinsic
intrinsically	intrinsically
intro	Intro
introduce	prezante
introduction	entwodiksyon
introductory	entwodiksyon
introspection	entrospèksyon
introspective	entrospèktif
intrude	entru
intruder	entrigan
intrusion	entrizyon
intrusive	entriksyon
intubation	entibasyon
intuition	entwisyon
intuitive	entwisyon
intuitively	entwitif
inundation	inondasyon
invade	anvayi
invader	okipan
invalid	envalid
invalidate	envalid
invalidation	envalidasyon
invalidity	envalidite
invaluable	anpil valè
invariably	Toujou
invasion	envazyon
invasive	pwogrese
invent	envante
invention	envansyon
inventive	envante
inventor	envanteur
inventory	envantè
inverse	envès
inversely	envers
inversion	envèrsyon
invert	Envèse
inverted	Envèse
invest	envesti
investigate	mennen ankèt
investigation	ankèt
investigative	ankèt
investigator	anketè
investment	envestisman
investor	envestisè
invidious	envite
invigorate	revòlte
invincible	irézistibl
invisibility	envizibilite
invisible	envizib
invitation	envitasyon
invite	envite
inviting	envite
invocation	envokasyon
invoice	fakti
invoke	envoke
involuntary	envolontè
involution	envolisyon
involve	enplike
involvement	patisipasyon
invulnerable	envulnerabl
inwards	anndan
iodine	yòd
ion	ion
iota	iota
irate	irate
ire	NO TRANSLATION
iridescent	iridesan
iris	Iris
irked	irked
irks	irks
iron	fè
ironclad	fè
ironic	ironik
irons	irons
irony	ironi
irradiation	iradyasyon
irrational	irasyonèl
irrationality	irasyonèl
irreconcilable	inplakabl
irreducible	irediksyon
irrefutable	irevizib
irregular	iregilye
irregularity	iregilarite
irregularly	iregilyèman
irrelevant	petinan
irreparable	ireparabl
irreplaceable	iranplasabl
irrepressible	irézistibl
irresistible	irézistibl
irrespective	endepandans
irresponsible	irèsponsab
irreverent	ireverans
irreversible	irevokabl
irrevocable	irevokabl
irrigate	irige
irrigation	irigasyon
irritability	chimerik
irritable	chimerik
irritate	irite
irritated	irite
irritates	irite
irritating	enèvan
irritation	iritasyon
island	zile
isle	Isle
islet	islet
isolate	izole
isolated	izole
isolation	izolasyon
isomorphism	isomòfis
isothermal	isothermal
isotope	izotòp
issue	problèm
itch	seche
itching	gratèl
itchy	grate
item	atik
itemize	detèmine
items	atik
iterate	iterate
iteration	iterasyon
iterative	iteratif
itinerant	itineran
itinerary	chimen
ivory	kòn elefan
jab	jab
jabber	jabber
jack	Jack
jackal	jackal
jackass	jackass
jacket	jakèt
jackhammer	jackhammer
jackpot	jackpot
jackrabbit	Jackrabbit
jacks	jak
jade	Jade
jaded	jaded
jag	NO TRANSLATION
jagged	file
jaguar	jaguar
jail	prizon
jailbird	jailbird
jailbreak	jailbreak
jailer	jailer
jailhouse	jailhouse
jalopy	jalopy
jam	konfiti
jamboree	jamboree
jammed	bloke
jammer	jammer
janitor	Janitor
janitorial	janitorial
japan	Japon
jar	bokal
jargon	jagon
jarhead	mare
jarring	jayi
jasmine	Jasmine
jasper	jasp
jaundice	lajònis
jaunt	chape
java	java
javelin	frenn
jaw	machwè
jawbone	machwè
jaws	machwa
jay	jay
jazz	jazz
jazzy	jazzy
jealous	fè jalouzi
jealousy	jalouzi
jean	jean
jeans	Jeans
jeep	jeep
jeering	jeering
jelly	jele
jellybean	Jele Bean
jellyfish	fosilize yo
jenny	jenny
jeopardize	mete an danje
jeopardy	danje
jerk	embesil
jerks	jerks
jerky	kale
jersey	jersey
jest	NO TRANSLATION
jester	jèstè
jesus	Jezi
jet	avyon
jetty	jetty
jewel	bijou
jeweler	jounal
jewelry	bijou
jib	jib
jiff	NO TRANSLATION
jiffy	jifi
jig	Jig
jiggle	jiggle
jigsaw	tèt
jihad	jiad
jimmy	Jimmy
jingle	jingle
jinx	jinx
jitters	jitters
jittery	jittery
jive	jive
job	travay
jobinterview	NO TRANSLATION
jock	jock
jockey	joke
jockstrap	jockstrap
jog	jog
jogger	jogger
john	John
join	rantre nan
joined	ansanm
joining	rantre nan
joint	jwenti
jointly	ansanm
joke	blag
joker	jokè
joking	jwe li
jolly	Jolly
jolt	jè
jornada	NO TRANSLATION
jot	JOT
jour	NO TRANSLATION
journal	jounal
journalism	jounalis
journalist	jounalis
journalistic	jounalis
journey	vwayaj
journeyman	vwayajè
joust	joust
jovial	jovyal
joy	kè kontan
joyful	kè kontan
joyous	lajwa
joyride	joyride
joys	bonheur
jubilant	Jubilant
jubilee	Jubilee
judge	jij
judged	jije
judging	jije
judgment	jijman
judgmental	jijman
judicial	jidisyè
judiciary	jidisyè
judicious	jidisyè
judo	judo
jug	krich
juggle	Jungle
juggler	juggler
juggling	Jungle
jugular	jugular
juice	ji
juicer	jwise
juicy	jite
juju	NO TRANSLATION
juke	juke
jukebox	jukebox
jumble	melanje
jumbled	jumbled
jumbo	jambo
jump	sote
jump rope	sote kòd
jumper	kavalye
jumpsuit	sote
jumpy	sote
junction	junction
juncture	kou
jungle	forè
junior	jinyò
juniper	Juniper
junk	tenten
junket	junket
junkie	junkie
junky	junky
junkyard	junkyard
junta	junta
juridical	jiridik
jurisdiction	jiridiksyon
jurisprudence	jiridiksyon
jurist	legal
juror	jirò
jury	jiri
justice	jistis
justifiable	jistifyab
justification	jistifikasyon
justify	jistifye
juststop	NO TRANSLATION
justthebeginning	NO TRANSLATION
jute	jute
juvenile	jivenil
juxtaposition	juxtaposition
kaiser	kaiser
kale	chou frize
kaleidoscope	kalidoskop
kamikaze	kamikaz
kangaroo	kangouwou
kanji	kanji
kappa	kappa
kaput	NO TRANSLATION
karaoke	karaoke
karate	karate
karma	karma
karmic	karmik
kayak	kayak
kazoo	bwao
kebab	kebab
keel	keel
keen	pike
keep	kenbe
keeper	gadò
keeping	kenbe
keepsake	Souvenirs
keg	keg
kelp	kelp
ken	ken
kennel	nich
kerchief	kerchief
kern	kern
kernel	kernel
kerosene	kewozèn
ketchup	sòs tomat
kettle	Kettle
key	kle
keyboard	klavye
keyed	chaje
keyhole	keyhole
keynote	modèl
keypad	klavye
keystone	keystone
keyword	mo kle
khaki	kaki
khan	khan
kibble	kibble
kick	choute
kickboxing	kikboksin
kicker	kicker
kicking	kikin
kickoff	chofè
kid	jenn ti kabrit
kidder	kidder
kidding	kidding
kiddo	kiddo
kiddos	kiddos
kidnap	kidnape
kidnapped	kidnape
kidnapper	kidnapper
kidnapping	kidnape
kidney	ren
kids	timoun
kill	touye
killer	asasen
killing	touye
killjoy	Killjoy
kiln	fou
kilo	NO TRANSLATION
kilogram	kilogram
kilometer	kilomèt
kilt	kilt
kimono	kimono
kin	kin
kind	kalite
kindergarten	jadendanfan
kindling	limon
kindness	jantiyès
kindred	fanmi
kinematics	kinematik
kinesiology	kinesioloji
kinetic	sinetik
king	wa
king snake	wa koulèv
kingdom	wayòm
kingpin	Kingpin
kink	kwen
kinky	koken
kinship	fanmi
kiosk	kyòs
kirk	kirk
kiss	bo
kisser	kisser
kissy	kissy
kit	kit
kitchen	kwizin
kite	kite
kitten	kitten
kiwi	kiwi
klutz	klutz
knack	fè fas a
knapsack	makèt
knead	knead
knee	jenou
kneecap	kneecap
kneel	mete ajenou
kneeling	ajenou
knell	koup
knick	krake
knickers	knickers
knife	kouto
knight	Knight
knighthood	kavalye
knit	brode
knob	Knob
knock	frape
knockoff	knockoff
knockout	pentch
knoll	koup
knot	ne
knots	ne
knotted	ne
know	konnen
knowing	konnen
knowingly	konesans
knowledge	konesans
knowledgeable	konesans
knuckle	artikule
knucklehead	knucklehead
knuckles	jwenti
koala	koala
kook	NO TRANSLATION
kooky	kooky
kool-aid	Kool-èd
kos	kos
kosher	kosher
kraut	NO TRANSLATION
kris	kris
kryptonite	kryptonit
kudos	kudos
kumquat	kumquat
lab	laboratwa
label	etikèt
labor	travay
laboratory	laboratwa
labored	travay
laborer	travayè
laboring	travay
laborious	travayè
labyrinth	labirent
lac	lak
lace	dantèl
laceration	lazerasyon
lack	mank
lackey	mank
lacking	manke
lackluster	medyòk
lacquer	LACQUER
lacrosse	lacrosse
lactose	laktoz
lad	ti gason
ladder	nechèl
laddie	timoun yo
laden	Laden
lading	chajman
ladle	chou
lady	dam
lady bug	NO TRANSLATION
ladybug	koksinèl
ladylike	ladylike
ladyship	ladyship
lag	lag
lager	NO TRANSLATION
lagging	reta
lagoon	lagon
lair	lair
laity	laity
lake	lak
lama	NO TRANSLATION
lamb	ti mouton
lame	moun k'ap bwete
lament	plenn
lamenting	kriye
lamina	lamina
laminated	laminated
lamp	lanp
lamppost	lanp
lance	lans
lancer	Lancer
land	peyi
landed	te ateri
landfall	dezas
landfill	dechaj
landing	ateri
landlady	pwopriyetè
landlocked	anbake
landlord	mèt kay la
landmark	bòn tè
lands	peyi
landscape	jaden flè
landscaping	jaden
landslide	glisman teren
lane	liy
language	lang
languid	languid
languish	malad
languishing	langaj
lanky	lanky
lantern	antèn
lap	lap
lapdog	lapdog
lapel	lapel
lapse	erè
lapsed	pèdi
laptop	laptop
larceny	larenn
lard	kochon
larder	larder
large	gwo
larger	pi gwo
largo	NO TRANSLATION
lark	jape
larva	lav
laryngitis	Laryngit
larynx	larenks
lasagna	lazay
laser	lazè
lash	fatra
lass	kase
lasso	lasso
lastday	NO TRANSLATION
lasting	ki dire lontan
lastminute	dènye minit
latch	fèmen
late	an reta
lateness	vitès
latent	inaktif
lateral	lateral
laterally	pita
latex	kapòt an latèks
lathe	tour
lather	lather
latitude	latitid
latrine	latrin
latrines	latrin
latte	latè
lattice	lasi
laud	lou
laudable	louabl
laudation	Lidè
laudatory	laudatory
laugh	ri
laughable	rizib
laughing	ri
laughingstock	NO TRANSLATION
laughs	ri
laughter	ri
launch	lanse
launcher	lans
launches	lanse
launder	blanchi
laundering	blanchi
laundry	lesiv
laureate	loreya
laurel	Laurel
laurels	lorye
lava	lav
lavage	lavaj
lavatory	lavabo
lavender	lavand
lavish	rich
law	lwa
lawful	legal
lawless	mechan
lawlessness	anachi
lawman	lwa
lawn	gazon
lawnmower	gazon
lawsuit	pwosè
lawyer	avoka
lax	Laks
laxative	Laksatif
lay	kouche
layaway	lye
layer	kouch
layered	kouch
layman	pwofàn
layout	layout
layover	layover
laziness	parès
lazy	parese
lazyday	NO TRANSLATION
lea	lea
lead	plon
leaded	dirije
leader	lidè
leadership	lidèchip
leading	dirijan
leads	kondwi
leaf	fèy
leaflet	feyè
leafy	fèy
league	lig
leak	koule
leakage	flit
leaky	leaky
lean	mèg
leaned	apiye
leaning	apiye
leap	leap
learn	aprann
learned	aprann
learner	elèv
learning	aprann
lease	kontra-lwaye
leash	lès
leather	kwi
leathery	kwi
leave	kite
leavemealone	leavemealone
leaving	kite
lecherous	lecherous
lecture	konferans
lecturer	konferansye
ledge	ledge
ledger	Ledger
lee	lee
leech	sans
leeches	leeches
leer	NO TRANSLATION
leery	leery
lees	NO TRANSLATION
leeway	leeway
left	kite
leftout	NO TRANSLATION
leftover	rès la
leftovers	rès manje
lefty	lefty
leg	janm
legacy	eritaj
legal	legal
legality	legalite
legalize	legalize
legalized	legalize
legally	legalman
legend	lejand
legendary	lejand
legibility	lejibilite
legible	lizib
legion	Legion
legislate	lejislatif
legislation	lejislasyon
legislative	lejislatif
legislator	lejislatè
legislature	lejislati
legit	legi
legitimacy	lejitimite
legitimate	lejitim
lego	lego
legs	janm
legume	legim
legwork	legwork
leisure	lwazi
leisurely	lantèman
lemma	lemma
lemon	sitwon
lemonade	limonad
lend	prete
lender	kreditè
lending	prete
length	longè
lengthen	longè
lengthened	longè
lengthening	longè
lengthwise	longè
lengthy	long
leniency	dedomajman
lenient	sansib
lens	lantiy
leopard	leyopa
leotard	leotard
leper	leper
leprechaun	leprechaun
leprosy	Leprosy
lesbian	madivin
lesbianism	lesbianism
lesion	lezyon
less	mwens
lessee	lokatè
lessen	diminye
lessening	diminye
lesser	pi piti
lesson	leson
lessor	lokatè
let	kite
lethal	letal
lethargic	letarji
lethargy	letaji
letter	lèt
lettered	lèt
letterhead	papye
lettering	lètr
letters	lèt
lettuce	leti
leukemia	Leukemy
levee	leve
level	nivo
lever	levye
leverage	ogmante
levitate	Levite
levy	prelèvman
lewd	lewd
lexicon	lexicon
ley	NO TRANSLATION
liabilities	réskonsablité
liability	responsablite
liable	responsab
liaison	lyezon
liar	bay manti
libel	difamasyon
libelous	libelous
liberal	liberal
liberalism	liberalism
liberate	libere
liberated	libere
liberating	libere
liberation	liberasyon
liberty	libète
libido	libido
librarian	bibliyotekè
library	bibliyotèk
libretto	libreto
lice	pou
license	lisans
lichen	Lichen
lick	niche
licorice	reglis
lid	kouvèti
lie	manti
liege	manti
lien	lien
lieu	kote
lieutenant	lyetnan
life	lavi
lifeblood	lavi
lifeboat	lifeboat
lifeguard	sovtaj
lifeisgood	lifeisgood
lifeless	Mouri
lifelike	vivan
lifeline	Lavi
lifelong	dire tout lavi
lifer	lifer
lifesaver	lifesaver
lifestyle	fòm
lifesucks	lifesucks
lifetime	pou tout lavi
lift	leve
lifted	leve
liftoff	leve
ligament	ligaman
ligation	ligasyon
ligature	ligature
light	limyè
light year	limyè ane
lightbulb	anpoul
lighten	aleje
lightheaded	ti kras
lighthouse	Leighthouse
lighting	ekleraj
lightness	légèreté
lightning	zèklè
lights	limyè
lightweight	lejè
likable	likable
like	tankou
likelihood	chans
likely	gen anpil chans
likeness	resanblans
likewise	menm jan an tou
liking	senpati
lilac	lila
lily	Lily
limb	manm
limber	limber
limbo	limbo
lime	lacho
limelight	vizyon
limestone	kalkè
limey	limey
limit	limit
limitation	limit
limited	limite
limitless	illimité
limo	Limo
limousine	Limousine
limp	limp
lin	lin
line	liy
lineage	liyaj
lineal	liy
linear	lineyè
linebacker	linebacker
lined	aliyen
linen	twal fin blan
liner	revètman
lines	liy yo
lineup	alinye
linger	ankò
lingerie	lenjri
lingering	retou
lingo	lang
lingual	langaj
linguini	Linguini
linguist	lengwis
linguistic	lengwistik
linguistics	lengwistik
lining	pawa
link	lyen
linoleum	Replasman
lint	fèy
lion	lyon
lip	lèv
liposuction	liposuksyon
lipstick	Lipstick
liquefaction	likidèksyon
liquefied	likid
liqueur	likeur
liquid	likid
liquidate	likide
liquidation	likidasyon
liquidator	likidateur
liquidity	lajan likid sikile
liquor	likè
lira	NO TRANSLATION
lisp	lisp
list	lis
listen	koute
listener	koute
listenting	NO TRANSLATION
listing	lis
listless	san lis
listneing	NO TRANSLATION
litany	litany
liter	lit
literacy	alfabetizasyon
literal	literal
literally	literalman
literary	literè
literature	literati
lithe	lit
lithium	Lityòm
lithograph	lithograph
lithography	litografi
lithology	litoloji
lithosphere	litosfè
litigant	litijan
litigate	litij
litigation	litij
litigator	litigatè
litigious	litijyeu
litter	fatra
little	ti kras
littlethings	ti bagay
littoral	litoral
liturgy	Liturgy
live	viv
livelife	viv lavi
livelihood	mwayen poul viv
lively	vivan
liven	viv
liver	fwa
livery	livrezon
livestock	bèt
livid	klere
living	k ap viv
lizard	zandolit
llama	llama
lml	lml
load	chaj
loader	loader
loaf	pen
loafer	pen
loam	loam
loan	prè
loath	malè
loathe	fè mal
loathful	malè
loathing	malè
loathsome	dousman
lobby	gwoup
lobbyist	lobiist
lobe	lòb
lobotomy	lobotomi
lobster	woma
local	lokal yo
locale	lokal yo
locality	lokalite
localization	lokalizasyon
localize	lokalize
localized	lokalize
locate	lokalize
location	kote
locator	Lokalizatè
loch	jwèt
lock	fèmen
locker	kazye
locket	locket
locksmith	Locksmith
lockup	blokaj
loco	loco
locomotion	lokomosyon
locomotive	Locomotive
locust	krikèt
lode	NO TRANSLATION
lodge	lòj
lodger	lokatè
lodging	lojman
loft	galata
lofty	segondè
log	ale
logarithm	logaritm
logarithmic	logaritmik
logic	lojik
logical	lojik
logistics	lojistik
logo	logo
logotype	lojotip
loin	NO TRANSLATION
lollipop	lolipop
lone	Lone
loneliness	solitid
lonely	lonely
loner	lonè
lonesome	lonesome
long	lontan
longboat	longboat
longevity	lonjevite
longing	anvi wè
longitude	Lonjitid
longitudinal	longitudinal
longitudinally	longitudinal
longtime	depi lontan
loo	loo
look	gade
looker	gade
lookout	gade
loom	tise
looming	parèt
loon	Loon
loony	kouto
loop	riban
loophole	brèch
loopy	loopy
loose	ki lach
loosen	dekole
loosening	detachman
loot	vòlè
lop	lop
lopsided	lopere
lord	mèt
lords	chèf
lordship	dominasyon
lore	Fòlklorik lan
lorry	kamyon
lose	pèdi
loser	defisi
losing	pèdi
loss	pèt
lost	pèdi
lot	anpil
lotion	losyon
lots	anpil
lottery	lotri
lotto	Loto
lotus	lotus
loud	byen fò
loudly	byen fò
loudmouth	loudmouth
loudness	loudness
loudspeaker	loudspeaker
lounge	sal
lounging	lounging
louse	louse
lousy	degoutan
lovable	adorable
love	renmen
loved	renmen
lovee	renmen
loveee	renmenee
loveless	renmen
lovelife	NO TRANSLATION
loveliness	lanmou
lovelovelove	NO TRANSLATION
lovely	bèl
lovemaking	fe lanmou
lovemylife	NO TRANSLATION
lover	lover
lovesick	renmenick
lovethis	renmen sa
loving	renmen
lovinglife	renmen
lovinlife	lovinlife
low	ba
lowdown	abondance
lower	pi ba
lowering	bese
lowest	ki pi ba
lowlands	plenn
lowlife	Lowlife
lowly	lowly
lox	lox
loyal	rete fidèl
loyalty	lwayote
lsd	lsd
luau	luau
lube	lubrifyan
lubricant	librifyan
lubricate	lubrifi
lubrication	lubrification
lucid	lisid
luck	chans
luckiest	Luckiest
lucky	chans
luckygirl	Luckygirl
lucrative	likratif
ludicrous	ludikrous
lug	kale
luggage	bagaj
lukewarm	tyèd
lull	kalme
lullaby	lulaby
lumbar	lonbèr
lumber	bwa
lumbering	lumbering
lumberjack	brouyeur
luminescent	luminesant
luminous	lumineux
lump	fèt yon sèl kou
lumpy	defonse
lunacy	lunacy
lunar	linè
lunatic	lunatik
lunch	manje midi
lunchbox	bwat manje
luncheon	luncheon
lunchtime	ansanm ak tout moun
lung	poumon
lunge	kòlè
lungs	poumon
lurch	vas
lure	fè lasisiy
lurid	lurid
lurk	pèsiste
lurking	kachèt
luscious	Apetisan
lush	Fertile
lust	lanvi
luster	ekla
lustful	lustful
lustrous	briyan
lusty	lusty
lute	lute
luxuriant	adorasyon
luxurious	abondan
luxury	liksye
lycra	lycra
lye	lye
lying	kouche
lymph	lenfatik
lymphatic	lenfatik
lymphoma	lenfom
lynch	lynch
lynching	lynching
lynx	lynx
lyre	manti
lyric	lyric
lyrical	lirik
lyrics	lyrics
macadamia	macadamia
macarena	macarena
macaroni	makawoni
mace	mas
mach	Mach
machete	machete
machine	machin
machinery	machin
machinist	machinist
macho	macho
mackerel	makroel
macro	macro
mad	fou
madam	madam
madame	madame
madden	madden
madder	Mèt
mademoiselle	NO TRANSLATION
mademyday	mademyday
madhouse	madhouse
madman	fou
madness	Foli
maestro	maestro
mafia	mafya
magazine	magazin
mage	maj
magenta	magenta
maggot	maggot
magic	majik
magical	majik
magician	majisyen
magistrate	majistra
magma	magma
magna	gwo
magnate	gwo negosyan
magnesium	Manyezyòm
magnet	leman
magnetic	mayetik
magnetism	mayetis
magnetite	mayetit
magnification	mikwòb
magnificence	mayifisans
magnificent	bèl
magnifier	loup
magnify	magnify
magnifying	agrandisman
magnitude	mayitid
magnolia	Magnolia
magpie	maji
mahi mahi	NO TRANSLATION
mahjong	majong
mahogany	akajou
maid	sèvant
maiden	jenn fi
mail	lapòs
mailbox	bwat lèt
mailing	poste
mailman	mailman
maim	NO TRANSLATION
main	prensipal la
mainframe	mainframe
mainland	tè pwensipal
mainstay	Mainstay
mainstream	endikap
maintain	kenbe
maintenance	antretyen
majestic	Majestic
majesty	majesté
major	pi gwo
majority	majorite
make	fè
makeover	VPN
maker	Maker
makeshift	efò
makesmehappy	NO TRANSLATION
makesmemad	NO TRANSLATION
makeup	Makiyaj
makingdisciples	NO TRANSLATION
malady	malad
malaise	malèz
malaria	malarya
malarkey	malarkey
male	gason
malevolent	malfezan
malfeasance	malfezan
malformation	malformation
malfunction	malfonksyon
malice	NO TRANSLATION
malicious	move
malign	mali
malignancy	malignans
malignant	malfezan
maligned	maligned
mall	sant komèsyal
malleable	pèrmeabl
mallet	mallet
malnutrition	malnitrisyon
malpractice	malpractice
malt	malte
mama	mama
mambo	mambo
mamma	NO TRANSLATION
mammal	mamifè
mammoth	mamout
mammy	manman
man	nonm
manage	jere
manageable	jere
management	jesyon
manager	manadjè
managerial	manadjè
mandamus	mandamus
mandarin	mandarin
mandate	manda
mandatory	obligatwa
mandible	mandib
mandolin	Mandolin
mandrel	mawon
mane	NO TRANSLATION
maneuver	manevwe
maneuvering	maneuver
mange	NO TRANSLATION
manger	manger
mangle	mangle
mango	mango
mangosteen	mangosteen
mangy	mangy
manhole	twou egou
manhood	manhood
manhunt	manhunt
mania	mani
maniac	Maniac
maniacal	maniacal
manic	manyak
manicure	manukur
manicurist	manukur
manifest	manifeste
manifestation	manifestasyon
manifested	manifeste
manifestly	evidamman
manifesto	Manifès
manifold	manifoul
manipulate	manipile
manipulation	manipilasyon
manipulative	manipilatif
mankind	limanite
manly	manly
manna	laman
manned	lòm
mannequin	mannequin
manner	fason
mannered	abitye
manners	konpòtman
manor	manwa
manpower	manpower
mansion	chato
mansions	vila
manslaughter	asasina
mantel	manto
mantis	mantis
mantle	manto
mantra	maître
manual	manyèl
manufacture	fabrike
manufacturer	manifakti
manufacturing	fabrikasyon
manure	fimye
manuscript	maniskri
map	kat
maple	erab
mar	mar
marathon	maraton
marble	mab
marbled	marble
marbles	mab
march	mache
mare	NO TRANSLATION
margarine	magarin
margarita	margarita
margin	Marge
marginal	majinal
mariachi	mariachi
marijuana	marigwana
marinara	marinara
marine	maren
mariner	maren
marital	marital
maritime	maritim
mark	make
marked	make
marker	makè
market	mache
marketable	mache
marketing	maketing
marketplace	mache
marks	mak
marksman	makè
marksmanship	tirè
marl	marl
marmalade	Marmalad
maroon	maron
marooned	marooned
marquee	makèt
marquis	marquis
marred	blese
marriage	maryaj
married	marye
marrow	mwèl
marry	marye
marsh	marekaj
marshal	marshal
marshmallow	gimov
mart	Mart
martial	masyal
martingale	martengal
martini	martini
martyr	mati
martyrdom	martyrdom
marvel	sezi
marvellous	bèl bagay
marvelous	bèl bagay
marvelously	mèveye
marzipan	NO TRANSLATION
mascara	maskara
mascot	maskot
masculine	maskilen
masculinity	masculinity
mash	Mach
mashed	kraze
mask	mask
masked	maske
masks	mask
masochism	masochism
masochist	masochist
mason	mason
masquerade	Masquerade
mass	mas
massacre	Masak
massage	masaj
masses	mas
masseur	maseur
masseuse	maseuz
massive	masiv
mast	Mast
master	mèt
masterful	metriz
mastermind	mèt
masterpiece	chèf
mastery	metriz
masturbate	masturbate
masturbation	Masturbation
mat	Mat
matador	Matador
match	matche ak
matchbook	matchbook
matching	matche
matchmaker	matchmaker
mate	mate
material	materyèl
materialism	materyalis
materialist	materyalism
materialistic	materyalism
materiality	materyalite
materialize	konkretize
materially	materyèl
materials	materyèl
materiel	materyèl
maternal	matènèl
maternity	matènite
math	matematik
mathematical	matematik
mathematician	Matematik
mathematics	matematik
matinee	Matinee
mating	matin
matriculation	matrikulasyon
matrimony	maryaj
matrix	matris
matron	matron
matted	matla
matter	pwoblèm
matting	matla
mattress	matla
maturation	matirite
mature	matirite
maturity	matirite
maudlin	maudlin
mausoleum	mozole
mauve	mawon
maverick	Maverick
maxim	maksimòm
maximize	maksimize
maximum	maksimòm
may	pouvwa
mayday	Mayday
mayflower	mayflower
mayhem	destriksyon
mayonnaise	mayonèz
mayor	majistra
maze	labirent
mead	Mead
meadow	Meadow
meager	mèg
meal	manje
mean	vle di
meander	koule
meandering	koule
meanie	vle di
meaning	sa vle di
meaningful	sans
meaningless	san sans
meanness	bon
means	vle di
meantime	Antretan
measles	lawoujòl
measurable	mezirab
measure	mezi
measured	mezire
measurement	mezi
measuring	mezire
measuring cup	mezire tas
measuring tape	mezire kasèt
meat	vyann
meatball	boulèt
meathead	vyann
meatloaf	vyann
mechanic	mekanisyen
mechanical	mekanik
mechanics	mekanik
mechanism	mekanis
med	NO TRANSLATION
medal	meday
medallion	medayon
medallist	medayis
meddle	mele
meddling	mele
media	medya
medial	medya
median	medyàn
mediate	medyatè
mediation	medyasyon
mediator	medyatè
medic	medikaman
medical	medikal
medicate	medikaman
medication	medikaman
medicinal	medsin
medicine	medikaman
medieval	medyeval
mediocre	mediocre
mediocrity	medyòk
meditate	medite
meditating	medite
meditation	meditasyon
meditative	meditativ
mediterranean	Mediterane
medium	mwayen
medley	medley
meek	dou
meet	rankontre
meeting	reyinyon
mega	mega
meh	meh
melancholic	melancholik
melancholy	tristès
melee	mele
mellow	matyè
melodious	melodi
melodrama	melodrama
melodramatic	melodramatik
melody	melodi
melon	melon
melt	fonn
meltdown	meltdown
melting	k ap fonn
member	manm
membership	manm
membrane	manbràn
memento	souvni
memo	memo
memoir	Byografi
memorabilia	souvni
memorable	memorab
memorandum	memorandòm
memorial	memorial
memorials	memorials
memories	memwa
memoriesiwontforget	NO TRANSLATION
memorize	memorize
memory	memwa
menace	menas
menacing	menasan
menagerie	menagerie
mend	rapyese
mending	prete
menial	meni
meningitis	menenjit
meniscus	menisk
menopause	menopoz
menses	mans
menstrual	règ
mental	mantal
mentalhealth	NO TRANSLATION
mentality	mantalite
menthol	mentol
mention	mansyone
mentor	konseye
menu	meni
meow	Meow
mercantile	mercantil
mercenary	mèsenè
merchandise	machandiz
merchant	komèsan
merciful	mizèrikòd
merciless	inplakabl
mercurial	mèki
mercury	mèki
mercy	mizèrikòd
mere	sèlman
merengue	Merengue
merge	rantre
merger	fizyon
meridian	Meridian
meridional	meridyonèl
meringue	Mereng
merit	merit
meritorious	meriteuz
mermaid	sirèn
merriment	merriment
merry	kontan
merrychristmas	NO TRANSLATION
mesa	mesa
mescaline	Mescaline
mesh	may
meshes	may
mesmerized	fasinan
mess	dezòd
message	mesaj
messedup	NO TRANSLATION
messenger	mesaje
messiah	Mesi
messy	dezòdone
metabolic	metabolik
metabolism	metabolis
metal	metal
metallic	metallik
metallurgy	metaliji
metamorphosis	metamòfoz
metaphor	metafò
metaphorical	metafò
metaphysical	metafizik
metaphysics	metafizik
metastasis	metastaz
meteor	meteor
meteoric	meteyorik
meteorite	meteyorit
meteorological	meteyorolojik
meteorology	meteyoloji
meter	mèt
meth	met
methadone	metadòn
methane	metàn
methanol	metanol
method	metòd
methodical	metodik
methodology	metodoloji
meticulous	metikuleu
metime	metimize
metric	metrik
metrical	metrik
metrology	metroloji
metropolis	Metropolis
metropolitan	metwopoliten
mettle	Mèt
mew	mew
mezzanine	mezzanine
mica	mika
mick	mick
micro	mikwo
microbe	mikwòb
microbiology	mikrobyoloji
microchip	microchip
microcosm	mikrokosm
microfilm	mikrofilm
microgram	mikrogram
micrometer	mikromèt
micron	mikron
microphone	mikwofòn
microscope	mikwoskòp
microscopic	mikwoskopik
microscopically	mikwoskopik
microscopy	mikwoskopi
microwave	mikwo ond lan
mid	mitan
midair	midair
midday	midi
middle	mwayen
middleman	entèmedyè
middleweight	mwayenn
midget	midget
midland	Midland
midlife	midlife
midline	Midliyè
midnight	minwi
midshipman	midshipman
midst	mitan
midsummer	midsummer
midterm	midterm
midtown	Midtown
midway	Midway
midwife	fanm ansent
midwifery	Mwatye
mien	NO TRANSLATION
miffed	miffed
mighty	vanyan
mignon	mignon
migraine	migrèn
migrate	imigre
migration	migrasyon
migratory	migratè
mike	mike
mil	NO TRANSLATION
mild	modere
mildew	kanni
mildness	dousman
mile	mil
mileage	Kilometraj
milestone	etap enpòtan
militant	militan
militants	militan yo
military	militè
militia	milis
milk	lèt
milkman	lètman
milkshake	milkshake
milky	lakte
mill	moulen
millennium	milenè
milligram	miligram
millimeter	milimèt
million	milyon dola
millionaire	milyonèr
millionth	milyonè
millstone	moulen
mime	mime
mimic	imite
mimicking	mimicking
mimicry	mimikri
mince	filange
mincemeat	mincemeat
mind	lide
minded	èspri
mindful	lide
mindfulness	atansyon
mindless	lide
mine	m '
minefield	pyèj
miner	minè
mineral	mineral
mineralogy	mineralogie
mingle	melanje
mingled	melanje
mini	mini
miniature	miniature
minibus	Minibuss
minim	NO TRANSLATION
minimal	minimòm
minimize	minimize
minimized	minimize
minimum	minimòm
mining	min
minion	minion
minister	minis
ministerial	ministeryèl
ministry	ministè
minivan	minivan
mink	mink
minnow	minnow
minor	minè
minority	minorite
minstrel	minstrel
mint	mant
minty	minty
minuscule	minuscule
minute	minit
minutiae	minit
minx	minx
mir	NO TRANSLATION
miracle	mirak
miracles	mirak
miraculous	mirak
mirage	mirak
mire	NO TRANSLATION
mirror	glas
mirth	kontan
misappropriation	divèrtisman
misbehave	malèz
misbehavior	move konpòtman
miscalculation	miscalculation
miscarriage	foskouch
miscellaneous	divès
miscellany	miscellany
mischief	malè
mischievous	fè mal
misconception	miskonsepsyon
misconduct	movèz kondwit
misdemeanor	deli
misdirection	misdirection
miser	mizè
miserable	mizerab
miserably	mizerab
misery	mizè
misfire	misfire
misfit	misfit
misfortune	malè
misguided	NO TRANSLATION
mishap	move
misinformed	misinformed
misinterpretation	misinterpretasyon
mislead	twonpe
misleading	ki bay manti
misled	misle
mismanagement	movèz jesyon
mismatch	dezekilib
mismatched	mismatched
misnomer	misnomer
misplace	misplace
misplaced	deplase
misread	misread
misrepresent	misrepresent
misrepresentation	misrepresentation
misrepresented	misrepresented
miss	manke
missile	misil
missiles	misil yo
missing	manke
missingyou	NO TRANSLATION
mission	misyon
missionary	misyonè
misspell	mispèl
misstatement	reflechi
missy	missy
mist	vapè
mistake	erè
mistaken	fè erè
mister	Mèt
mistletoe	jete
mistreated	maltrete
mistress	metrès
mistrial	mistrial
mistrust	mefyans
misty	misty
misunderstand	mal konprann
misunderstanding	enkonpreyansyon
misunderstood	konpwann
misuse	move itilizasyon
mite	Mite
miter	miter
mitigate	bese
mitigating	modere
mitigation	Kontwol Dega
mitt	Mèt
mitten	NO TRANSLATION
mitzvah	mitzvah
mix	melanje
mixed	melanje
mixedemotions	mixemotions
mixer	mixer
mixture	melanj
mnemonic	mnemonic
moan	Moan
moat	twou
mob	foul
mobile	mobil
mobility	mobilite
mobilization	mobilizasyon
mobilize	mobilize
mobster	mobster
mocha	mocha
mock	mock
mocked	moke
mockery	Imitation
mocking	moke
mockingbird	mockingbird
mod	mod
modal	modal
modality	modalite
mode	mòd
model	modèl
modeler	modeler
modeling	modèl
modem	modèm
moderate	modere
moderate anticipation	modere antisipasyon
moderate disgust	modere degou
moderate negative	modere negatif
moderate positive	modere pozitif
moderate surprise	modere sipriz
moderate trust	modere konfyans
moderately	modera
moderating	modération
moderation	modération
moderator	moderatè
modern	modèn
modernism	modènism
modest	modès
modesty	modesti
modicum	mòd
modifiable	modifiable
modification	modifikasyon
modified	modifye
modify	modifye
modulate	modulation
modulation	modulation
module	modil
modulus	modil
mogul	mogul
moiety	moyete
moist	imid
moisture	imidite
moisturizer	idratan
molar	molè
molasses	melas
mold	mwazi
molded	modle
molding	bòdi
moldy	mwazi
mole	mol
molecular	molekilè
molecule	molekil
molest	manti
molestation	molèstasyon
molester	Mèt
molten	fonn
mom	manman
moment	moman
momentary	momantane
momentous	siyifikatif
momentum	momantòm
momma	manman
mommy	manman
monad	monad
monarch	monak
monarchy	monachi
monastery	monastè
monastic	monastic
monetary	monetè
money	lajan
mongoloid	mongoloid
mongoose	mongoose
mongrel	mongrel
monitor	pou kontwole
monk	mwàn
monkey	makak
mono	NO TRANSLATION
monochrome	monochrome
monogamous	monogam
monogamy	monogami
monogram	monogram
monogrammed	monogrammed
monograph	monograf
monolayer	monolayer
monolith	monolitik
monologue	monològ
monopolist	monopolist
monopoly	monopoli
monotonous	monotone
monotony	monotony
monoxide	monoksid
monsieur	monsieur
monsoon	mouason
monster	mons
monstrosity	monstrozite
monstrous	kolosal
montage	montaj
monte	monte
month	mwa
monthly	chak mwa
monument	moniman
monumental	moniman
moo	moo
mooch	Mooch
mood	atitid
moods	imè
moody	Moody
moon	lalin
moonbeam	moonbeam
moonlight	moonlight
moonlit	moonlit
moonshine	moonshine
moonstruck	moonstruck
moonwalk	moonwalk
moor	Moor
moored	mouye
mooring	poul
moorings	Moorings
moorland	Moorland
moose	Moose
moot	moot
mooted	mooted
mop	mop
mope	mope
moped	mopèd
moral	moral
morale	moral
morality	moralite
morals	moral
morass	malèz
moratorium	moratoryom
moray	moray
morbid	morbid
morbidity	morbidite
morbidness	morbidness
mores	mò
morgue	mòg
moribund	moribund
morn	morn
morning	maten
moron	moron
moronic	Moron
morose	morose
morph	mòf
morphine	morfin
morphism	morfism
morphology	mòfoloji
morrow	Denmen
morsel	moso
mortal	mòtèl
mortality	mòtalite
mortar	mòtye
mortgage	ipotèk
mortgagee	dèt ipotekè
mortgagor	anprenteur
mortician	mòtye
mortification	mortification
mortified	mortifye
mortuary	mòtyè
mosaic	mozayik
mosey	mosey
mosque	moske
mosquito	Moustik
moss	Moss
mossy	mossy
mote	NO TRANSLATION
motel	motèl
moth	vè
mother	manman
motherfucker	manman
motherfucking	manman
motherhood	matènite
motherland	manman
motherless	manman
motherly	manman
motif	motif
motion	mouvman
motionless	imobilité
motivate	motive
motivating	motivasyon
motivation	motivasyon
motivational	motivasyonèl
motive	motif
motley	motley
motor	motè
motorbike	motosiklèt
motorboat	motosiklèt
motorcade	Motorcade
motorcar	Motorcar
motorcycle	motosiklèt
motorist	otomobilis
motte	motte
mottled	mottled
motto	deviz
mould	mwazi
mound	mound
mount	mòn
mountain	montay
mountaineer	alpinism
mountainous	montay
mountains	mòn
mountaintop	mountaintop
mourn	lapenn
mournful	lapenn
mourning	lapenn
mouse	sourit
mousetrap	mousetrap
mousse	mousse
moustache	moustach
mousy	mousy
mouth	bouch
mouthful	gòj
mouthpiece	mikrofòn
mouthwash	mouthwash
movable	mobil
move	deplase
movement	mouvman
mover	Mover
movie	fim
movies	sinema
moving	k ap deplase
movingforward	NO TRANSLATION
movingon	deplase
mow	mow
mower	mower
moxie	Moxie
mozzarella	mozzarella
mri	mri
muchneeded	NO TRANSLATION
mucis	NO TRANSLATION
muck	fimye
mucked	mucked
mucous	mikez
mucus	mikis
mud	labou
muddle	mélanger
muddled	blese
muddy	labou
muff	mof
muffin	mòfin
muffled	muffled
muffler	mouflè
mug	tas
mugger	mugger
mulberry	mulberry
mulch	payèt
mule	milèt
mull	mull
mullet	mullet
multilateral	miltilateral
multimedia	miltimedya
multinational	miltinasyonal
multiple	miltip
multiple sclerosis	Sklewoz miltip
multiplex	miltiplex
multiplication	miltiplikasyon
multiplicity	miltiplikans
multiplied	miltipliye
multiplier	miltiplikatè
multiply	miltipliye
multitude	foul moun
mum	maman
mumble	mumble
mumbo	mumbo
mummy	momi
mumps	malmouton
munch	munch
munchies	munchies
munchkin	munchkin
mundane	mond lan
municipal	minisipal
municipality	minisipalite
mural	mural
murder	touye moun
murderer	ansasen
murderess	touye moun
murderous	touye moun
murky	tris
murmur	bougonnen
muscle	nan misk
muscular	miskilè
muse	mizik
muses	muz
museum	mize
mush	NO TRANSLATION
mushroom	djondjon
mushy	moustik
music	Mizik
musical	mizik
musician	mizisyen
musing	mizik
musk	muzk
musket	musket
musketeer	mouchèt
muskrat	muskrat
muslin	moulin
muss	NO TRANSLATION
must	dwe
mustang	mustang
mustard	moutad
muster	rèd
musty	mou
mutable	mityèl
mutant	mutant
mutate	mutation
mutation	mitasyon
mute	bèbè
muted	muet
mutilate	rache
mutilated	rache
mutilation	mutilasyon
mutiny	choute
mutt	Mutt
mutter	NO TRANSLATION
mutton	mouton
mutual	mityèl
mutually	mityèlman
muzzle	mizo
myfavorite	myfavorite
myopia	myopya
myopic	myopik
myriad	myriad
mysterious	misterye
mystery	mistè
mystic	Mystic
mystical	mistik
mysticism	mistik
mystified	mystified
mystique	mystique
myth	mit
mythic	mitik
mythical	mitik
mythological	mitoloji
mythology	mitoloji
nab	nab
nacho	Nacho
nada	NO TRANSLATION
nadir	nadir
nag	NO TRANSLATION
nail	klou
nail gun	zong zam
naive	nayif
naked	toutouni
nakedness	toutouni
namaste	NO TRANSLATION
name	non
named	yo te rele
nameless	nonmen
namesake	nonmen
naming	nonmen
nana	nana
nanny	jounou
nanometer	nanomètr
nap	ti kabrit
napalm	napalm
nape	nape
napkin	moso twal
napping	telechaje
nappy	move
narcissism	narsisism
narcissist	narcissist
narcissistic	narsisik
narcotic	nakotik
narrate	rakonte
narration	narasyon
narrative	naratif
narrator	konteur
narrow	etwat
narrowing	konble
nasal	nazal
nascent	nozan
nasty	degoutan
natal	natal
nation	nasyon
national	nasyonal
nationality	nasyonalite
nationwide	nan tout peyi
native	natif natal
nativity	nativite
natural	natirèl
natural gas	gaz natirèl
naturalist	naturalist
naturalization	natiralizasyon
naturalized	natiralize
naturally	natirèlman
nature	nati
naught	pa gen anyen
naughty	vakabon
nausea	kè plen
nauseate	nuzere
nauseating	nouri
nauseous	nouri
nautical	naval
nautilus	nautilus
naval	naval
nave	nèf
navel	lonbrik
navigable	navigab
navigate	navige
navigation	Navigasyon
navigational	navigasyonèl
navigator	navigatè
navy	marin
nay	NO TRANSLATION
nearsighted	près
neat	pwòp
neatly	nètman
nebula	nebula
nebulae	nebulae
nebulous	nebuleuz
necessarily	nesesèman
necessary	nesesè
necessitate	nesesite
necessities	nesesite
necessity	nesesite
neck	kou
necklace	kolye
necktie	krache
necromancer	nekromanyen
necrosis	nekrozi
nectar	Nectar
need	bezwen
needalife	NO TRANSLATION
needed	bezwen
needful	bezwen
needit	NO TRANSLATION
needle	zegwi
needlepoint	needlepoint
needles	zegwi
needless	initil
needtoknow	needtoknow
needtorelax	NO TRANSLATION
needy	malere
nefarious	nefarious
negation	negasyon
negative	negatif
negativity	negativite
neglect	neglijans
neglected	neglije
neglecting	neglije
negligee	negligee
negligence	neglijans
negligent	neglijan
negligently	NO TRANSLATION
negligible	neglijab
negotiable	negosyab
negotiate	negosye
negotiation	negosyasyon
negotiator	negosyatè
negro	negro
neigh	neigh
neighbor	frè parèy la
neighborhood	katye
neighboring	vwazen
nemesis	enmi
neon	Neyon
neonatal	neonatal
neophyte	neophyte
neoprene	neoprene
nephew	neve
nepotism	Nepotism
nerd	nèrd
nerdy	nerdy
nerve	nè
nerves	nè
nervous	nève
nervousness	sote
nervouswreck	NO TRANSLATION
nervy	NO TRANSLATION
ness	nès
nest	nich
nestle	nich
nestling	niche
net	nèt
nether	Nether
netting	konpansasyon
nettle	orti
network	rezo
networking	rezo
neural	neral
neuralgia	neuralgia
neurological	newolojik
neurologist	nerolog
neurology	neroloji
neurosis	neuroz
neurosurgeon	neurosurjyen
neurosurgery	nerosurgery
neurotic	nerotik
neuter	Nenpòt
neutral	net
neutrality	netralite
neutralize	netralize
neutron	netwon
new	nouvo
new age	nouvo laj
newbeginnings	NO TRANSLATION
newborn	tibebe ki fenk fèt
newcomer	Nouvo
newday	nouvo jou
newfound	newfound
newjob	NO TRANSLATION
newlife	newlife
newly	fèk
newlywed	newlywed
newme	newme
newness	newness
news	nouvèl
newscast	nouvèl
newscaster	newscaster
newsflash	newsflash
newsletter	bilten nouvèl
newsman	nouvèlman
newspaper	jounal
newspaperman	jounalman
newsreel	newsreel
newsroom	sal nouvèl
newsstand	kourikoulòm
newstart	Newstart
newt	newt
newyear	NO TRANSLATION
nexus	nexus
nib	nib
nibble	kriye
nice	bèl
niche	Tanporèman nich
nichts	NO TRANSLATION
nick	Nick
nickel	nikèl
nickname	tinon
nicotine	Nikotin
niece	nyès
nifty	debouya
nigger	nigger
nigh	tou pre
night	lannwit
nightcap	nightcap
nightclub	nayklib
nightfall	tan kap vini
nightgown	nuit
nightie	nightie
nightingale	nightingale
nightlife	nocturne
nightly	swadizan
nightmare	kochma
nightmares	kochma
nightstand	tachte
nightstick	nightstick
nighttime	lannwit
nihilism	nihilism
nil	nil
nimble	ajil
nimrod	nimrod
nincompoop	nincompoop
nine	nèf
nineteen	nèf san
ninety	katrevendis
ninja	NINJA
ninny	ninny
nintendo	nintendo
ninth	nevyèm
nip	nip
nipper	nip
nipple	pwent tete
nippy	nippy
nitrate	nitrat
nitro	nitro
nitrogen	azòt
nitrous	nitrize
nitwit	nitwit
nix	nix
no anticipation	pa gen okenn antisipasyon
no disgust	pa gen okenn degou
no emotion	pa gen okenn emosyon
no sentiment	pa gen okenn santiman
no surprise	pa gen sipriz
no trust	pa gen konfyans
nobility	noblès
noble	nòb
nobleman	nòb
nobodycares	NO TRANSLATION
nocomplaints	NO TRANSLATION
nocturnal	nocturne
nod	nod
nodding	non
node	node
nodular	nodul
nodule	nodil
noggin	noggin
nohope	NO TRANSLATION
noir	Noir
noise	bri
noisy	fè bwi
nomad	nomad
nomadic	nomad
nomenclature	nomenclature
nominal	nominal
nominate	nonmen
nomination	nominasyon
nominee	kandida
nonce	nonce
nonchalant	nonchalant
noncompliance	non konplè
nondescript	endesan
nonexistent	inègzistan
nonfat	nonfat
nonfiction	nonfiksyon
nonpayment	nonpayment
nonresident	nonresident
nonsense	istwa san sans
nonsensical	san sans
nonviolent	san vyolans
noob	noob
noodle	tèt
nook	kwen
noon	midi
noose	Nwa
nopoint	NO TRANSLATION
noregrets	NO TRANSLATION
norm	nòmal
normal	nòmal
normalcy	nòmal
normality	nòmalite
north	nò
northbound	nò
northeast	nòdès
northern	nò
northwest	Nodwes
northwestern	nòdwès
noschool	NO TRANSLATION
nose	nen
nosebleed	nosebleed
nosey	nosy
nosnow	nonnow
nostalgia	Nostalji
nostalgic	nostalgik
nostress	NO TRANSLATION
nostril	nostril
nosun	NO TRANSLATION
nosy	nosy
not negative	pa negatif
not positive	pa pozitif
notable	remakab
notables	notables
notably	miyò
notamorningperson	NO TRANSLATION
notary	notè
notation	notasyon
notch	dan
notched	non
note	Remak
notebook	kaye
noted	te note
noteworthy	Notables
nothappy	NO TRANSLATION
nothingbetter	NO TRANSLATION
nothingness	anyen
notice	avi
noticeable	aparan
notification	notifikasyon
notify	notifye
notion	nosyon
notional	notional
notoriety	notoryete
notorious	notwa
notready	pa bliye
notwithstanding	malgre
nought	pa gen anyen
noun	non
nourish	nouri
nourishment	nouriti
nouveau	NO TRANSLATION
novel	roman
novelist	novelist
novelty	kado
novice	inisyasyon
nowadays	Sèjousi
nowork	kounye a
noworries	noworries
noxious	enkyete
nozzle	bouch
nuance	nuans
nuances	nuans
nuclear	nikleyè
nucleus	nwayo
nude	toutouni
nudge	pouse
nudie	nudie
nudist	nudist
nudity	nudity
nugget	nugget
nuisance	nwuizans
nuke	nuke
nul	NO TRANSLATION
null	null
nullify	nullify
numb	bèbè
number	nimewo
numbering	nonmen
numbers	nimewo
numbness	pèt sansasyon
numbskull	numbskull
numeral	chif
numerator	nimeratè
numerical	nimerik
numerically	nimerik
numerous	anpil
nun	NO TRANSLATION
nunchucks	nunchucks
nunnery	nunnery
nuptials	nuptials
nurse	enfimyè
nursemaid	nursemaid
nursery	pepinyè
nursing	enfimyè
nurture	nouri
nut	nwa
nutcase	nwa
nutcracker	nourisan
nuthouse	Nuthouse
nutmeg	noutmèg
nutrition	nitrisyon
nutritional	nitrisyonèl
nutritious	nourisan
nutritive	nouriti
nuts	nwa
nutshell	Nutshell
nutty	Nutty
nylon	nilon
nylong	NO TRANSLATION
nylons	nilon
nymph	nenf
nymphomaniac	Nymphomaniac
oaf	oaf
oak	pye bwadchenn
oar	oar
oasis	oasis
oat	oat
oath	sèman
oatmeal	farin avwàn
obedience	obeyisans
obedient	obeyisan
obediently	obeyisan
obelisk	obelisk
obese	obèz
obesity	obezite
obey	obeyi
obi	obi
obit	obit
obituary	nekritri
object	objè
objection	objeksyon
objectionable	insuportabl
objective	objektif
objectivity	objektivite
obligation	obligasyon
obligatory	obligatwa
oblige	oblijra
obliged	obligasyon
obliging	obligasyon
obligor	obligatè
oblique	oblik
obliterate	obliterate
obliterated	efase
obliteration	obliteration
oblivion	oubli
oblivious	enkonsyan
oblong	Oblong
obnoxious	dezagreyab
oboe	oboe
obscene	obsèn
obscenity	obscenity
obscure	fènwa
obscured	kache
obscurity	obscures
observance	obsèvans
observant	vijilan
observation	obsèvasyon
observatory	obsèvatwa
observe	obsève
observer	obsèvatè
observing	obsève
obsess	obsession
obsessed	obsede
obsessing	obsession
obsession	mani
obsessive	obsession
obsolescence	obsolesans
obsolete	demode
obstacle	obstak
obstetrician	obstetrisyen
obstetrics	obstetrik
obstinate	obstiné
obstruct	anpeche
obstruction	blokis
obstructive	obstriktif
obtain	jwenn
obtainable	jwenn
obtuse	obtuse
obverse	fèy
obvious	evidan
ocarina	ocarina
occasion	okazyon
occasional	okazyonèl
occasionally	detanzantan
occipital	oksipital
occlusion	oklizyon
occult	okta
occupancy	lokatè
occupant	okipan
occupation	okipasyon
occupational	okipasyonèl
occupied	okipe
occupier	okipan
occupy	okipe
occupying	okipe
occur	rive
occurrence	ensidan
ocd	OCD
ocean	lanmè
oceanic	oseyanik
octagon	octagon
octave	octave
octopus	poulp
ocular	okulèr
odd	enpè
oddball	oddball
oddity	oddite
odds	chans
ode	chan
odious	odye
odometer	odomètr
odor	odè
odyssey	odyssey
oedipal	oedipal
oestrogen	estwojèn
oeuvre	NO TRANSLATION
offal	ofans
offence	ofans
offend	ofansif
offended	ofanse
offender	delenkan
offense	ofans
offensive	ofansif
offer	òf
offered	yo ofri
offering	ofrann
offhand	offhand
office	biwo
officer	ofisye
offices	biwo yo
official	ofisyèl
officiate	ofisye
offing	ofansif
offload	debake
offset	konpanse
offshoot	koupe tèt
offshore	lanmè
offside	offside
offspring	pitit
oft	souvan
oftentimes	souvan
ogre	ogre
ohdear	NO TRANSLATION
ohgod	NO TRANSLATION
ohno	ohno
ohshit	NO TRANSLATION
oil	lwil oliv
oils	lwil
oily	lwil
oink	oink
ointment	odè
okra	sou
old	fin vye granmoun
olden	olden
older	ki pi gran
oldie	oldie
oldies	fin vye granmoun
olfactory	olfactory
oligarchy	oligachi
olive	oliv
omega	omega
omelet	omlèt
omen	nonmen
omgomgomg	NO TRANSLATION
ominous	menasan
omission	omisyon
omit	kite
omitted	abandone
omnibus	tout
omnipotence	omnipotans
omnipotent	puisan
omnipresent	omniprezant
omniscient	omnisyan
onboard	bor
oncologist	onkolojist
oncology	nkoloji
oncoming	k ap vini
one	youn
oneday	NO TRANSLATION
onedge	onedge
onelove	yon sèl Lanmou
oneness	inite
onerous	pénible
oneself	tèt li
ongoing	kontinyèl
onion	zonyon
onset	Kòmanse
onslaught	ofansiv
onstage	sou sèn
ontology	ontoloji
onus	onus
onward	pati
onyx	oniks
oodles	odyo
oomph	oomph
ooze	ooze
oozing	oozing
op	op
opacity	stupidity
opal	opal
opaque	opak
ope	ope
open	louvri
opener	bwat
opening	ouvèti
openly	ouvètman
openness	ouvèti
opera	opera
operate	opere
operatic	operasyon
operation	operasyon
operational	operasyonèl
operations	operasyon
operative	operativ
operator	operatè
ophthalmic	Oftalmik
ophthalmologist	Oftalmolojist
opiate	opyate
opinion	opinyon
opinionated	opinyon
opium	opyòm
opponent	advèsè
opportune	opòtinite
opportunism	Opòtinite
opportunity	opòtinite
oppose	opoze
opposed	te opoze
opposing	opoze
opposite	kontrè
opposites	opoze
opposition	opozisyon
oppress	peze
oppressed	peche
oppression	opresyon
oppressive	opresif
oppressor	opresè
ops	ops
opt	chwazi
optic	optik
optical	optik
optics	optik
optimism	optimis
optimist	optimis
optimistic	optimis
optimum	pi gwo
option	opsyon
optional	opsyonèl
optionally	opsyonèlman
options	opsyon
optometrist	optometris
opulence	opulans
opulent	opulent
opus	opus
oracle	Oracle
oral	oral
orange	zoranj
orange juice	ji zoranj
orangutan	orangutan
oration	oration
orator	oratè
oratory	oratory
orb	orb
orbit	òbit
orbital	orbital
orbiting	Òbit
orbs	orb
orc	ork
orchard	vèje
orchestra	òkès
orchid	Orchid
ordained	òdone
ordeal	ajite
order	lòd
orderly	lòd
ordinance	òdonans
ordinary	òdinè
ordination	seremoni
ordnance	òdonans
ore	minrè
oregano	origan
organ	ògàn
organic	òganik
organism	òganis
organist	òganis
organization	òganizasyon
organize	òganize
organized	òganize
organizer	òganizatè
orgasm	orgasm
orgies	orji
orgy	debòch
orient	oryante
oriental	oriental
orientation	oryantasyon
orifice	orifice
origami	origami
origin	orijin
original	orijinal la
originality	orijinalite
originate	orijine
origination	orijinasyon
originator	kreyatè
ornament	orneman
ornamental	dekorasyon
ornamentation	orneman
ornamented	orneman
ornate	òneman
ornery	ornery
orphan	òfelen
orphanage	òfelina
orphaned	òfelen
orthodontist	ÒTODONTIS
orthodox	Otodòks
orthodoxy	Òtodoks
orthogonal	orthogonal
orthopedic	òtopedik
oscillate	osilye
oscillating	osilan
oscillation	osilasyon
oscillatory	osilateur
ostensible	prezante
ostensibly	ofisyèlman
ostentatious	egzat
ostracized	ostrakised
ostrich	otrich
other	lòt
otter	otè
otto	otto
ottoman	Otoman
ought	dwe
ounce	ons
oust	oust
outage	outage
outback	outback
outbid	ekoulman
outboard	deyò
outbreak	epidemi
outburst	eksplozyon
outcast	outcast
outcome	rezilta
outcry	eskandal
outdated	demode
outdo	deyò
outdoor	deyò
outdoors	deyò
outer	ekstèn
outfit	ekipe
outgoing	sortan
outgrow	outgrow
outgrowth	outgrowth
outhouse	outhouse
outing	soti
outlandish	etranj
outlast	outlast
outlaw	deyò
outlet	priz
outline	deskripsyon
outlines	deskripsyon
outlive	outlive
outlook	pespektiv
outlying	izole
outnumber	plis pase
outpatient	pou pasyan ekstèn
outpost	anvan
outpouring	outpouring
output	pwodiksyon
outrage	outraj
outraged	imilye
outrageous	ekzòbitan
outrank	outrank
outreach	kontak
outright	francheman
outrun	depase
outset	kòmanse
outsider	ekstremis
outskirts	katye
outsmart	outsmart
outspoken	èkstrèmeman
outstanding	eksepsyonel
outstretched	eksprime
outward	deyò
outwards	deyò
outweigh	depase
outwit	depase
oval	oval
ovary	ovè
ovate	ovate
ovation	ovasyon
oven	fou
overactive	onaktif
overall	an jeneral
overalls	an jeneral
overbearing	egzajere
overburden	twòp
overcast	sonje
overcharged	surcharged
overcoat	manto
overcome	simonte
overcoming	simonte
overcrowded	gen twòp elèv
overdo	twòp
overdose	anwozaj
overdrive	chaje
overdue	anreta
overestimate	ègzajere
overestimated	surèstimasyon
overflow	debòde
overflowing	debòde
overgrown	anvai
overgrowth	twòp
overhanging	souvni
overhaul	ekzamine
overhead	anlè
overhear	sote
overheated	surchof
overjoyed	kontan
overkill	overkill
overlaid	kouvri
overlap	sipèpoze
overlapping	sipèpoze
overlay	kouvri
overload	Surcharge
overlook	neglije
overlord	Siprèm
overlying	soulaing
overpaid	sipli
overpass	pasaj siperyè
overplayed	souke
overpower	pouvwa
overpowering	pouvwa
overpriced	ovèrprisèd
overprotective	overprotective
overrated	transfere
overreact	overreact
override	pase sou desizyon
overriding	eksepte
overrule	efase li
overrun	depase
oversee	sipèvize
overseer	siveyan
overshadow	kouvri
oversight	sipèvizyon
oversized	oversized
overslept	overslept
overstate	surevalue
overstock	anbrase
overt	soutyen
overtake	rapouswiv
overtaken	depase
overthemoon	NO TRANSLATION
overthinker	èkstranpye
overthinking	panse twop
overthrow	ranvèse
overtime	tan siplemantè
overtired	vanse
overture	ouvè
overturn	ranvèse
overview	BECA
overweight	ki twò gwo
overwhelm	chofe
overwhelmed	akable
overwhelming	akablan
overworked	twòp
overwrought	depase
overzealous	overzealous
owe	dwe
owing	en
owl	chwèt
owner	mèt kay la
ownership	an komen
ox	bèf
oxidation	oksidasyon
oxide	oksid
oxygen	oksijèn
oxymoron	oxymoron
oyster	oyster
ozone	ozòn
pace	vitès
pacemaker	pesmekè
pacific	pasyan
pacified	Paske
pacifier	sison
pacifist	pasifis
pacify	pazifye
pacing	Rasanbleman
pack	pake
package	pake
packaging	anbalaj
packer	pake
packet	pakèt
pact	Pak
pad	pad
padded	Matlasye
padding	padding
paddle	pagay
paddle boat	pagay bato
paddock	ankadreman
paddy	paddy
padlock	kadna
padre	NO TRANSLATION
paean	Paean
pagan	payen
paganism	paganism
page	paj
pageant	èspèktak
pager	pager
pagination	pagination
paging	paging
pagoda	pagoda
pail	pail
pain	doulè
pained	pèn
painful	fè mal
painfully	soufri
painkiller	painkiller
painless	san doulè
pains	doulè
painstaking	ralanti
paint	penti
paintball	penbol
paintbrush	penso
painted	pentire
painter	pent
painting	penti
pair	pè
paisley	paisley
pajama	pijama
pajamas	pijama
pal	pal
palace	palè
palatable	gou
palate	palè
pale	pale
paleontology	paleontoloji
palette	palèt
pall	pall
palladium	Paladyòm
pallet	palèt
palliative	palyatif
palm	palmis
palmer	palmer
palomino	palomino
palpable	palpable
palpitations	palpitasyon
palsy	parsyèl
paltry	misye
pamper	dòlote
pamphlet	ti liv
pan	chodyè
panacea	panacea
panache	panache
pancake	galèt
pancakes	krèp
pancreas	pankreyas
panda	panda
pandemic	pandemi
pandemonium	pandemonium
pane	fenèt
panel	panèl
pang	NO TRANSLATION
panhandle	panhandle
panic	panik
panicattack	NO TRANSLATION
panicked	panik
panicking	panik
panicky	panik
panier	NO TRANSLATION
panorama	panorama
panoramic	panoramic
pansy	pansy
pant	pant
pantheon	panteon
panther	pant
panties	kilòt
pantomime	mime
pantry	etajè
pants	pantalon
panty	kulot
pantyhose	kulot
pap	pap
papa	papa
papacy	papiyon
papal	NO TRANSLATION
papaya	papay
paper	papye
paperback	Paperback
paperboy	papye
paperweight	papye
paperwork	dokiman
paprika	Paprika
papyrus	papiris
par	NO TRANSLATION
parable	parabòl
parabola	parabòl
parabolic	parabolik
parachute	parachit
parade	parad
paradigm	paradigm
paradise	paradi
paradox	paradoks
paradoxical	paradoks
paraffin	parafin
paragon	paragon
paragraph	paragraf
parakeet	parakeet
paralegal	paralegal
parallax	parallaks
parallel	paralèl
parallelism	paralelism
paralysis	paralizi
paralyze	paralize
paralyzed	paralize
paramedic	paramedik
paramedics	paramedik
paramilitary	paramilitè
paramount	esansyèl
paranoia	Paranoya
paranoid	paranoya
paranormal	paranormal
parapet	parapet
paraphernalia	ekipman
paraphrase	Paraphrase
paraplegic	parapleik
parasite	parazit
parasitic	parazit
parasol	parazòl
parcel	pasèl
parcels	tè
parched	pèch
parchment	parchemin
pardon	padonnen
pare	NO TRANSLATION
parenchyma	Paranchyma
parent	paran
parentage	paran
parental	paran
parenthesis	NO TRANSLATION
parenthetical	paretetik
parenthood	paran
parenting	paran
pariah	parya
parietal	parietal
paring	paring
parish	pawas
parity	parite
park	pak
parka	pak
parking	pakin
parkinsons	parkinsons
parlance	parlance
parlay	reanplwaye
parliament	palman an
parliamentary	palmantè
parlor	salon
parmesan	parmesan
parody	parody
parole	libète
parquet	partez
parrot	jako
parry	Parry
parse	parse
parsimonious	parsimonious
parsimony	parsimony
parsley	pèsi
parson	Parson
part	pati
partake	patisipe
partial	pasyèl
partiality	pasyalite
partially	pasyèlman
participant	patisipan
participate	patisipe
participation	patisipasyon
particle	patikil
particular	an patikilye
particularity	patikilye
particulars	Pwopriyete
parting	separe
partisan	patizan
partisanship	patizan
partition	patisyon
partly	an pati
partner	patnè
partnership	patenarya
partridge	partridge
parts	pati
party	pati
pas	NO TRANSLATION
pass	pase
passable	travès
passage	pasaj
passageway	pasaj
passe	NO TRANSLATION
passenger	pasaje
passim	NO TRANSLATION
passing	pase
passion	pasyon
passionate	pasyone
passive	pasif
passivity	pasivite
passkey	passkey
passport	paspò
password	modpas
past	sot pase yo
pasta	pasta
paste	kole
pastel	Pestèl
pastime	al pran plezi
pastor	pastè
pastrami	pastrami
pastry	patisri
pasture	patiraj
pasty	patisri
pat	pat
patch	plak
patchwork	patchwork
pate	pate
patella	patella
patent	patant
patented	patante
paternal	patènèl
paternity	patènite
path	chemen
pathetic	patikilyèman
pathological	pathologie
pathologist	patolojis
pathology	patoloji
pathos	NO TRANSLATION
pathway	chemen
patience	pasyans
patient	pasyan
patio	patyo
patriarch	patriyach
patriarchal	patriyakal
patrimony	patrimwàn
patriot	patriyòt
patriotic	patriyotik
patriotism	patriyotis
patrol	patwouy
patrolman	patwouy
patron	patwon
patronage	patwonaj
patronising	patwonize
patronize	patronize
patronizing	patwonize
patter	patter
pattern	modèl
paucity	Pèdi
pauper	pè
pause	pran yon poz
pave	ale
pavement	pave
pavilion	Pavilion
paving	pavaj
paw	grif
pawn	plannen
pawnshop	pawnshop
pax	pax
pay	peye
payable	peyab
payback	récupération
paycheck	chèk
payday	peman
payer	moun ki peye
payload	chaj
payment	peman
payoff	règleman
payout	paiement
payphone	payphone
payroll	pewòl
pea	pwa
peace	lapè
peaceable	lapè
peaceful	lapè
peacefully	pasifikman
peacekeeper	lapè
peaceofmind	NO TRANSLATION
peacetime	Peacetime
peach	pèch
peachy	peachy
peacock	Peacock
peak	pik
peaked	pik
peanut	pistach
peanuts	pistach
pear	pwa
pearl	pèl
pearly	pearly
peas	pwa
peasant	peyizan
peat	sfèy
pebble	chodyè
pecan	pecan
peck	peck
pecker	pecker
peculiar	spesifik
peculiarities	sengularite
peculiarity	Singularité
peculiarly	spesifikman
pecuniary	kòb
pedal	pedal
pedantic	pedantik
peddle	peddle
peddler	peddler
pedestal	pedestal
pedestrian	pyeton
pediatric	pedyatrik
pediatrician	pedyat
pediatrics	Pedyatri
pedicure	pedikur
pedigree	jeneyalojik
pedometer	pedomètè
pedophile	pedofili
pee	Pee
peek	gade vit
peekaboo	peekaboo
peel	kale
peep	fè jouda
peeper	peeper
peephole	peephole
peer	kanmarad
peering	peering
peerless	peerless
peeved	peeved
peg	peg
pegs	pikèt
peice	NO TRANSLATION
pelagic	pelajik
pelican	pelikan
pellet	pelèt
pelvic	basen
pelvis	basen
pen	plim
penal	penal
penalty	penalite
penance	tounen vin jwenn Bondye
penchant	penche
pencil	kreyon
pendant	pendant
pendency	pandans
pendent	NO TRANSLATION
pending	annatandan
pendulum	pandil
penetrate	antre
penetrating	penetrasyon
penetration	pénétration
penguin	pengwen
penicillin	penisilin
penile	penal
peninsula	penensil
penis	penis
penitent	penitan
penitentiary	penitansye
penmanship	penisans
pennant	woulant
penniless	penniless
penny	pyès lajan
pension	pansyon
pensioner	invalid
pensive	pansyonè
pentagon	pentagon
pentagram	pentagram
penthouse	Penthouse
penultimate	penultyèm
people	moun
peopled	peopled
pep	pep
pepper	pwav
peppermint	mant
pepperoni	pepperoni
peppy	pepe
peptic	peptik
peptide	peptide
perceive	wè
percent	pousan
percentage	pousantaj
percentile	pousantaj
perceptible	pèseptab
perception	pèsepsyon
perceptive	pèsepsyon
perch	juchwar
perchance	pèchans
percolation	pèkolasyon
percussion	Pèkisyon
perdition	perdisyon
peremptory	peremptory
perennial	kontinuèl
perfect	pafè
perfection	pèfeksyon
perfectionist	pèfeksyon
perfecto	NO TRANSLATION
perforated	detache
perforation	pèforasyon
perforce	pèfòse
perform	fè
performance	pèfòmans
performer	sèn
perfume	odè
perfumed	parfumé
peri	peri
peridot	peridot
peril	danje
perilous	danjere
perimeter	perimèt
period	peryòd
periodic	peryodik
periodical	peryodik
periodically	detanzantan
periodicity	peryodisite
peripheral	periferik
periphery	periferik
periscope	periskop
perish	peri
perishable	pèriti
perished	peri
perishing	peri
perjury	fo temwayaj
perk	pèk
perky	perky
perm	Perm
permanence	pèmanans
permanent	pèmanan
permeable	pèmeyab
permeate	pénété
permeation	pénétration
permissible	akseptab
permission	pèmisyon
permissive	pèmi
permit	pèmi
permitted	pèmèt
permitting	pèmèt
permutation	pèmitasyon
pernicious	pervert
peroxide	oksijene
perpendicular	perpendicular
perpetrate	pretann
perpetrator	moun ki komèt krim lan
perpetual	tout tan
perpetually	pèmanan
perpetuate	perpétuer
perpetuation	perpetuasyon
perpetuity	pèpetuite
perplexed	anbarase
perplexing	pèrpliran
perplexity	pèfòmans
persecute	pèsekite
persecution	pèsekisyon
perseverance	pèseverans
persevere	pèsevere
persist	pèsiste
persistence	pèrsistans
persistent	pèsistan
persisting	pèsiste
person	moun
persona	NO TRANSLATION
personable	pratik
personage	pèsonaj
personal	pèsonèl
personality	pèsonalite
personification	pèrsonifikasyon
personnel	pèsonèl
persons	moun
perspective	pèspektiv
perspiration	swit
persuade	konvenk
persuasion	konvenk
persuasive	konvenkan
pert	pert
pertinent	enpòtan
perturbation	perturbation
pertussis	koklich
perusal	perusal
peruse	Pèdi
pervading	pase
perverse	move
perversion	pervertion
pervert	pervert
perverted	perverted
pesky	sal
pessimism	pesimis
pessimist	pesimis
pessimistic	pesimism
pest	ensèk nuizib
pester	enprime
pestilence	maladi
pestle	pesonn
pesto	pesto
pet	bèt kay
petal	petal
petite	Petite
petition	petisyon
petitioner	petisyon an
petloss	NO TRANSLATION
petpeeve	NO TRANSLATION
petrified	petrifye
petrify	petrify
petrol	gaz
petroleum	petwòl
petticoat	petticoat
petting	ploton
petty	ti kras
petulant	petulan
petunia	petunia
pew	boutèy
pewter	pewter
peyote	NO TRANSLATION
phalanx	falanx
phantom	Phantom
pharaoh	farawon an
pharmaceutical	pharmaceutique
pharmacist	famasyen
pharmacology	famasi
pharmacy	famasi
phase	faz
pheasant	fezan
phenomenal	fenomenn
phenomenon	fenomèn
pheromone	feromon
phew	Fou
phi	phi
philanthropic	filantwopik
philanthropist	filantwopis
philanthropy	filantropik
philistine	filistin
philosopher	filozòf
philosophic	filozofik
philosophical	filozofik
philosophy	filozofi
phlegm	flèm
pho	pho
phobia	fobi
phoenix	phoenix
phone	telefòn
phonetic	fonetik
phonetics	fonetik
phonics	fonik
phonograph	fonograf
phonology	fonoloji
phony	fon
phooey	phooey
phosphate	fosfat
phosphor	fosfò
phosphorus	fosfò
photo	foto
photogenic	fotogenyen
photograph	foto
photographer	fotograf
photographic	fotografi
photography	fotografi
photometry	fotometri
photon	foton
phrase	fraz
phraseology	frazoloji
phylogeny	phylogeny
physical	fizik
physical therapist	terapis fizik
physician	doktè
physicist	fizisyen
physics	fizik
physiological	fizyolojik
physiology	fizyoloji
physique	fizik
pi	pi
pianist	pyanis
piano	pyano
piazza	Piazza
piccolo	NO TRANSLATION
pick	chwazi
picked	chwazi
picker	piker
picket	grèv
picketing	pikrete
pickle	marinated
pickled	marinated
pickpocket	pickpocket
pickup	ranmase
picky	serye
picnic	piknik
pictorial	imaj
picture	foto
pictures	foto
picturesque	pitorèsk
pie	tat
piece	moso
piecemeal	pikotman
pieceofshit	pieceofshit
pied	pied
pier	waf
pierce	pèse
piety	pyete
pig	kochon
pigeon	pijon
piggy	pigi
piggyback	piggyback
pigheaded	pike
piglet	kochon
pigment	pigman
pigskin	Pigskin
pigsty	Pigsty
pike	Pike
pile	pil
piles	pil
pileup	anpile
pilgrim	Pilgrim
pilgrimage	Pelerinaj
pill	grenn
pillage	grenn
pillar	gwo poto
pillbox	plato
pillow	zòrye
pillowcase	pillowcase
pilot	pilòt
pimp	tchoul
pimple	bouton
pin	peny
pinball	pinball
pinch	zongle
pinching	pense
pine	Pine
pineapple	anana
ping	ping
pinhead	pinhead
pinhole	pinhole
pinion	ron
pink	woz
pinkie	pinki
pinnacle	pwent
pinot	pinot
pinpoint	pwen
pint	pent
pinto	pinto
pinup	pinup
pioneer	pyonye
pious	relijyeu
pip	pip
pipe	tiyo
piped	tiyo
pipeline	tiyo
piper	piper
pipette	pipèt
piping	kanalizasyon
pipsqueak	pipsqueak
pique	pike
piracy	piratage
piranha	piranha
pirate	bato
piscina	NO TRANSLATION
piss	piss
pissed	boure
pissedoff	pissedoff
pisser	NO TRANSLATION
pissesmeoff	pissesmeoff
pissingmeoff	pissingmeoff
pissoff	faché
pistachio	Pistache
pistol	pistolè
piston	Piston
pit	twou san fon
pita	pita
pitch	anplasman
pitcher	krich
pitchfork	fèy
pitfall	pyèj
pith	pita
pithy	pita
pitiful	mizè
pitted	pitted
pitter	pitter
pituitary	pitwit
pity	pitye
pivot	pivot
pivotal	pivotal
pix	pix
pixie	pixie
pizza	pitza
pizzazz	pizzazz
pizzeria	pitza
placard	placard
place	kote
placebo	plasebo
placement	plasman
placenta	placenta
placid	tris
placket	plake
plagiarism	plagiarism
plague	epidemi
plaid	plaid
plain	klè
plainclothes	klinik
plaintiff	pleyan
plaintive	plentif
plan	plan
plane	avyon
planes	avyon
planet	planèt
planetarium	planetarium
planetary	planetè
planets	planèt yo
plank	plank
plankton	plankton
planned	planifye
planner	planifikatè
planning	planifikasyon
plant	plant
plantation	plantasyon
planter	plantè
planting	plante
plaque	plak
plasma	plasma
plaster	n'a blanchi
plastic	plastik
plasticity	plastisit
plat	plat
plate	plak
plateau	plato
plated	plake
platform	platfòm
plating	plating
platinum	platinum
platonic	Platonik
platoon	ploton
platter	plato
plaudit	NO TRANSLATION
plausibility	plausibilite
plausible	plausible
play	jwe
playa	playa
playback	lèktur
playbook	playbook
playboy	playboy
player	jwè
playful	playful
playground	lakou rekreyasyon
playhouse	Playhouse
playmate	Playmate
playoff	faz eliminatwa
playpen	playpen
playroom	Playroom
plaything	jwe
playtime	Playtime
playwright	otè
plaza	plaza
plea	lapriyè
plead	plede
pleasant	bèl
pleased	kontan
pleasing	plezi
pleasurable	plezir
pleasure	plezi
pleasures	plezi
pleat	fwote
pleated	plante
pledge	angajman
pledged	pwomèt
plenary	plenyè
plentiful	abondan
plenty	anpil
plenum	plato
plethora	anpil
plexus	plexus
pliable	fyab
plication	plikasyon
pliers	pens
plight	konba
plinth	pedestal
plodding	plodding
plop	plou
plot	trase
plough	plough
ploughed	travay
plover	plover
plow	plough
plowed	travay
plowing	travayè
ploy	konplo
pluck	rache
plucky	pasyan
plug	ploge
plum	prin
plumage	plumage
plumb	plon
plumber	plonbye
plumbing	plonbri
plume	plume
plummet	plummet
plump	gra
plumper	plumper
plunder	pran tou sa
plunge	plonje
plunger	piston
plural	pliryèl
plurality	divès kalite
plush	Plush
plutonium	plitonyòm
ply	tandiske
plywood	plywood
pneumatic	pneumatik
pneumonia	nemoni
poacher	pwason
poachers	brak
poaching	poche
pocket	pòch
pocketbook	pòchbook
pocketful	pouse
pod	NO TRANSLATION
podium	Podium
poem	powèm
poems	powèm
poet	powèt
poetic	powetik
poetical	powetik
poetics	powetik
poetry	pwezi
pogo	pogo
poignant	enèji
point	pwen
pointedly	pwente
pointer	konsèy
pointless	initil
pointy	pwen
poise	pwan
poison	pwazon
poisoned	anpwazonnen
poisoning	anpwazònman
poisonous	pwazon
poke	pike
poker	pokè
pokes	pokes
polar	polè
polarity	polarite
pole	poto
polemic	polemik
police	lapolis
police officer	ofisye lapolis
policeman	polisye
policewoman	polisyeuz
policy	politik
polio	polyo
polish	Polonè
polished	poli
polite	politès
politeness	politès
politic	politik
political	politik
politician	politisyen
politics	politik
polity	polite
polka	polka
poll	biwo vòt
pollen	polèn
polling	biwo vòt
pollute	polye
pollution	polisyon
polo	polo
poltergeist	poltergeist
polyester	Polyester
polygamy	poligami
polygon	poligòn
polygonal	poligon
polygraph	polygraph
polymer	polymère
polymorphism	polimorfis
pomp	koton
pompous	ponpye
poncho	poncho
pond	letan
ponder	medite sou
ponderous	ponderous
pong	Pong
pontiff	pontif
pontificate	pontifye
pontoon	pontoon
pony	pone
ponytail	ponytail
pooch	pooch
poodle	poodle
poof	poof
pool	pisin
poop	pòp
poor	pòv
poorly	mal
pop	pòp
popcorn	pòpkòn
pope	Pap
popper	Popper
poppy	Poppy
poppycock	Poppycock
popsicle	popsicle
popular	popilè
popularity	popilarite
popularized	popilè
population	popilasyon an
populous	popilè
porcelain	pòslèn
porch	galri
porcupine	pikan
pore	pò
pork	vyann kochon
porker	porker
porky	porky
porn	pònografi
porno	pònografi
pornographic	pònografik
pornography	pònografi
porosity	porosite
porous	pore
porridge	labouyl
port	pò
portable	pòtab
portage	portage
portal	Portal
porter	Porter
porterhouse	porterhouse
portfolio	dosye
porthole	òneman
portico	pòt
portion	pòsyon
portrait	pòtrè
portraiture	pòtrè
portray	montre
pose	poze
poser	NO TRANSLATION
posh	chik
posited	poze
position	pozisyon
positioning	pwezante
positive	pozitif
positiveenergy	NO TRANSLATION
positively	pozitivman
positivity	pozitivite
posse	posse
possess	posede
possessed	posede
possessing	posede
possession	posesyon
possessive	posesif
possessor	posede
possibility	posibilite
possible	posib
possibly	petèt
possum	ou kapab
post	pòs
postage	lapòs
postal	lapòs
postcard	kat postal
poster	afich
posterior	dèyè
posterity	pitit
posthumous	posthumes
postman	faktè
postmortem	postmortem
postpone	ranvwaye
postponed	ranvwaye
postponement	ranvwa
postscript	postscript
postulate	postila
posture	pwèstans
pot	chodyè
potable	potab
potassium	potasyòm
potato	pòmdetè
potatoes	pòmdetè
potency	puisans
potent	pisan
potential	potansyèl
pothead	pothead
pothole	twou
potion	Petyon
potluck	potluck
potpourri	potpourri
potted	po
potter	Potter
pottery	potri
potty	Potty
pouch	sak
poultry	bèt volay
pounce	kouri
pound	liv
pounding	bate
pour	NO TRANSLATION
pout	pout
pouting	pouting
pouty	pouty
poverty	povrete
pow	Pouvwa
powder	poud
powdered	an poud
powdery	poud
power	pouvwa
powerful	pwisan
powerfully	pwisan
powerhouse	kay
powerless	san fòs
powwow	powwow
pox	pox
practicable	pratik
practical	pratik
practically	pratikman
practice	pratik
practiced	pratike
practise	pratik
practitioner	pratikan
pragmatic	pragmatik
prairie	preri
praise	fè lwanj
praised	fè lwanj
praisegod	NO TRANSLATION
praisejesus	NO TRANSLATION
praises	fè lwanj
praiseworthy	lwanj
praising	fè lwanj
prance	prans
prank	prank
prawn	pwason
praxis	pratik
pray	lapriyè
prayer	lapriyè
prayforme	priye pou mwen
praying	priye
praying mantis	priye mantis
preach	preche
preacher	pwoklamatè
preaching	preche
preamble	preamble
precarious	prekosye
precaution	prekosyon
precautionary	prekosyon
precede	Prepare
precedence	priyorite
precedent	presedan
preceding	anvan
precept	presèp
preceptor	presèpteur
precession	presesyon
precinct	biwo vòt la
precincts	biwo vòt yo
precious	presye
precipice	goumen
precipitate	presipite
precipitation	presipitasyon
precipitous	priz
precise	egzak
precisely	jisteman
precision	presizyon
preclude	anpeche
precocious	prekosye
precursor	précurseur
predator	predatè
predatory	predatè
predecessor	predesesè
predicament	sitiyasyon
predicate	Prensip
predict	predi
predictable	previzib
predicting	predi ke
prediction	prediksyon
predictive	prediksyon
predictor	prediktè
predilection	predilection
predispose	predispoz
predisposed	predispoze
predisposition	predispozisyon
predominance	preominans
predominant	dominan
predominate	prevni
preeminent	ekselan
preemption	prevansyon
preemptive	preemptif
preface	prefas
prefect	prefè
prefer	pito
preferable	preferab
preference	preferans
preferential	preferansyèl
prefix	prefiks
pregnancy	gwosès
pregnant	ansent
prehistoric	pre-istorik
prejudice	prejije
prejudiced	prejije
prejudicial	prejije
prelim	prelim
preliminary	preliminè
prelude	prelid
premarital	premarital
premature	twò bonè
prematurely	prematireman
premed	premed
premeditated	premedite
premier	premye minis
premiere	Premiere
premise	site
premises	lokal yo
premium	prim
premonition	Premonisyon
prenatal	prenatal
prenuptial	prenuptial
preoccupation	konsantrasyon
preoccupied	preyokipe
prep	preparasyon
preparation	preparasyon
preparatory	preparasyon
prepare	prepare
prepared	prepare
preparedness	preparasyon
preparer	preparatè
preparing	prepare
preponderance	preponderans
preposterous	prekosyonèl
preppy	preppy
prerequisite	avantou
prerogative	prezidansyèl
preschool	lekòl matènèl
prescient	presyan
prescribe	preskri
prescribed	preskri
prescription	preskripsyon
prescriptive	preskripsyon
presence	prezans
present	prezan
presentable	prezantab
presentation	prezantasyon
presenter	prezantatè
presentment	prezantasyon
presents	prezante
preservation	prezèvasyon
preservative	konsèvasyon
preserve	prezève
preserved	konsève
preserving	konsève
preside	prezide
presidency	prezidans
president	prezidan
presidential	prezidansyèl
press	laprès
pressing	peze
pressure	presyon
prestige	prestige
prestigious	prestijye
presto	presto
presume	pwopoze
presumption	sipozisyon
presumptive	pwovokan
presumptuous	pwovokan
presuppose	presuppose
pretend	pretann
pretended	pretann
pretender	pretandan
pretending	pretann
pretense	pretans
pretensions	pretansyon
pretentious	pretansyon
pretext	èkskuz
pretty	bèl
pretzel	pretzel
prevail	genyen
prevailing	dominan
prevalence	prévalence
prevalent	répandus
prevent	anpeche
preventative	prevantif
prevention	prevansyon
preventive	prevantif
preview	preview
previous	anvan
previously	te deja
prey	bèt
price	pri
priceless	présié
pricey	chèr
prick	pike
prickly	chapo
pride	fyète
priest	prèt
priestess	prèt
priesthood	prètriz
priestly	prèt
prig	prig
prim	prim
prima	NO TRANSLATION
primacy	primasi
primal	primal
primary	prensipal
primate	primate
primates	primates
prime	pwemye
primed	prime
primer	primè
primeval	primeval
priming	prime
primitive	primitif
primordial	primè
primrose	primrose
prince	chèf
princely	priyè
princess	Princess
principal	direktè lekòl la
principally	prensipalman
principle	prensip
principles	prensip yo
print	enprime
printer	printer
printing	enprime
printout	enprime
prior	anvan
prioritize	priyorite
priority	priyorite
priory	priyorite
prism	prism
prismatic	prismatik
prison	prizon
prisoner	prizonye
prissy	prissy
pristine	pristine
privacy	vi prive
private	prive
privately	an prive
privilege	privilèj
privileged	privilèj
privy	prive
prize	pwi
prized	prized
pro	pro
proactive	aktif
probability	pwobabilite
probable	pwobab
probate	pwobab
probation	pwobasyon
probationary	pwobasyon
probative	probative
probe	probe
probing	sonde
probity	pwoblem
problem	pwoblèm
problematic	pwoblèm
procedural	pwosedi
procedure	pwosedi
proceed	kontinye
proceeding	pwosedi
proceeds	lajan
process	pwosesis
processing	pwosesis
procession	pwosesyon
processor	processeur
proclaim	pwoklame
proclamation	pwoklamasyon
procrastinate	anvigè
procrastination	pwograstinasyon
procreate	pwokire
procreation	pwodiksyon
proctologist	proctologist
proctor	proctor
procure	pwokire
procurement	akizisyon
prod	prod
prodigal	prodigal
prodigious	prodijyeu
prodigy	prodigy
produce	pwodui
produced	pwodui
producer	pwodiktè
producing	pwodwi
product	pwodwi
production	pwodiksyon
productive	pwodiktif
productivity	pwodiktivite
profane	pwofàn
profanity	profanite
profess	adore
profession	pwofesyon
professional	pwofesyonèl
professionalism	pwofesyonalis
professor	pwofesè
professorship	pwofesè
proficiency	konpetans
proficient	konpetan
profile	pwofil
profiler	pwofilatè
profit	pwofi
profitable	pwofitab
profound	pwofon
profuse	profuse
profusion	profizyon
prog	pwog
progenitor	progenitor
progeny	pitit yo
prognosis	pwonostik
prognostic	prognostic
program	pwogram lan
programme	pwogram lan
programmer	pwogramè
programming	pwogramasyon
progress	pwogrè
progression	pwogresyon
progressive	pwogresif
prohibit	entèdi
prohibited	entèdi
prohibition	entèdiksyon
prohibitive	entèdi
project	pwojè
projectile	pwojektil
projectiles	projectile
projecting	pwojeksyon
projection	pwojeksyon
projector	pwojektè
proletarian	pwoletè
proletariat	proletariat
prolific	prolific
prologue	prolog
prolong	prolonje
prolongation	prolongation
prolonged	pwolonje
prom	prom
promenade	Promenade
prominence	importance
prominent	enpòtan
prominently	prominent
promiscuity	pwomosyon
promiscuous	pwomosyon
promise	pwomès
promising	pwomèt
promissory	pwomosyon
promo	promo
promontory	pwomotè
promote	ankouraje
promoter	pwomotè
promotion	pwomosyon
promotional	pwomosyonèl
prompt	rapid
prompting	pouse
promulgate	pibliye
promulgation	promulgasyon
prone	ki gen tandans
prong	prong
pronounce	pwononse
pronounced	pwononse
pronouncement	pwononsyasyon
pronto	NO TRANSLATION
pronunciation	pwononsyasyon
proof	prèv
prop	prop
propaganda	pwopagann
propagate	difize
propagation	pwopagasyon
propane	pwopàn
propel	pouse
propelled	lanse
propeller	propeller
propelling	pouse
propensity	propensity
proper	apwopriye
property	pwopriyete
prophecy	pwofesi
prophesy	pwofetize
prophet	pwofèt
prophetic	pwofetik
prophylactic	pwofilaktik
prophylaxis	pwofilaksi
proportion	pwopòsyon
proportional	pwopòsyonèl
proportionate	pwopòsyonèl
proportions	pwopòsyon
proposal	pwopozisyon
propose	pwopoze
proposition	pwopozisyon
proprietary	propriétaires
proprietor	propriyeter
proprietorship	propriétaires
propriety	propriété
propulsion	pwopilsyon
prose	pwose
prosecute	pwosekite
prosecution	pouswit jidisyè
prosecutor	pwosekitè
prospect	Prospect
prospection	pwospè
prospective	potansyèl
prospectively	prospektiv
prospector	pwospèktè
prospectus	prospectus
prosper	pwospere
prosperity	pwosperite
prosperous	pwospere
prostate	pwostat
prosthetic	prostetik
prostitute	fanm movèz vi
prostitution	pwostitisyon
prostrate	anpwazonnen
protagonist	protagonist
protect	pwoteje
protected	pwoteje
protecting	pwoteje
protection	pwoteksyon
protective	pwoteksyon
protector	pwoteksyon
protein	pwoteyin
protest	pwotestasyon
protestant	pwotestan
protocol	pwotokòl
proton	pwoton
prototype	pwototip
protozoa	protozoa
protracted	très
protrude	pwononse
protrusion	avwàn
proud	fyè
prove	pwouve
proven	pwouve
proverb	pwovèb
proverbial	pwovèb
provide	bay
provided	bay
providence	Prèv
provider	founisè
providing	bay
province	pwovens
provincial	pwovens
provision	pwovizyon
provisional	pwovizwa
provisionally	pwovizwaman
provisions	dispozisyon
proviso	pwovizyon
provocation	pwovokasyon
provocative	pwovokan
provoke	pwovoke
provoked	pwovoke
provoking	provok
provost	pwouve
prowess	gwo abilite
prowl	rode
prowler	prowler
proximal	proximal
proximate	pwoksimite
proximity	pwoksimite
proxy	prokurasyon
prude	prid
prudence	pridans
prudent	pridan
prune	pwason
pruning	koupe
pry	pry
prying	prying
psalm	sòm
psalms	sòm
pseudo	pseudo
pseudonym	psedonim
psi	psi
psoriasis	psoriasis
psych	pike
psyche	psyche
psychedelic	psikedelik
psychiatric	sikyatrik
psychiatrist	sikyat
psychiatry	sikyatri
psychic	Psychic
psychical	Psychic
psychics	psychics
psycho	psiko
psychoanalysis	Psikolojik
psychoanalyst	psikanalist
psychobabble	psychobabble
psychological	sikolojik
psychologist	sikològ
psychology	sikoloji
psychopath	psikopat
psychopathic	psikopatik
psychosis	sikoz
psychosomatic	psikosomatik
psychotherapy	sikoterapi
psychotic	psikoz
pterodactyl	pterodaktil
ptsd	PTSD
pub	PUB
puberty	fòmasyon
pubes	Pib
pubescent	pibesan
pubic	pibyen
public	piblik
publication	piblikasyon
publicist	piblikist
publicity	piblisite
publicly	piblikman
publicspeaking	NO TRANSLATION
publish	pibliye
published	pibliye
publisher	Piblikatè
publishing	pibliye
puck	rondèl
pucker	Pòch
pudding	pouding
puddle	ti mas glo dimansyon
pudgy	pudgy
puff	soufle
puffing	gonfle
puffy	gonfle
pug	pug
puke	puke
pull	rale
pulley	pouli
pullover	pantalon
pulmonary	poumon
pulp	kaka
pulpit	lestrad
pulsar	pulsar
pulsation	pulsasyon
pulse	batman kè
puma	puma
pump	ponp
pumped	ponpe
pumpkin	joumou
pun	NO TRANSLATION
punch	kout pyen
punched	trou
punching	pwensonaj
punchy	ponch
punctual	ponktyalite
punctuality	ponktyalite
punctually	ponktyèlman
punctuation	ponktiyasyon
puncture	pike
pundit	pundit
pungent	pike
punish	pini
punishable	pini
punished	pini
punishing	pini
punishment	pinisyon
punitive	pinitif
punk	punk
punt	punt
puny	pini
pup	pup
pupil	elèv
puppet	maryonèt
puppeteer	puppeteer
puppy	chyo
purchase	achte
purchaser	achtè
purchasing	achte
pure	pi
purebliss	NO TRANSLATION
puree	pure
purely	piman
purgatory	purgatwar
purge	efase li
purification	pirifikasyon
purify	pirifye
purist	purist
purity	pite
purple	violèt
purport	siyifikasyon
purpose	bi
purposely	fè espre
purr	pouse
purring	pouse
purse	valiz
pursuance	pouswiv
pursue	pouswiv
pursuing	chèche
pursuit	pouswit
purveyor	purveyor
purview	gade
pus	pi
push	pouse
pusher	dilè
pushing	pouse
pushover	pouse
pushy	pouse
puss	cha
pussy	Pussy
pussycat	pussycat
put	mete
putative	abitid
putrid	tris
puts	mete
putt	putt
putter	putter
putty	mastike
puzzle	devinèt
puzzled	krible
puzzling	mystérieu
pygmy	pygmy
pylon	pilon
pyramid	piramid
pyramidal	piramid
pyrotechnics	pyrotechnics
python	python
quack	tranblemanntè
quad	kwadwilatè
quadrangle	kwadrilatèr
quadrant	kadran
quadratic	kwadratik
quadrature	kwadratur
quadruple	kadav
quadrupole	kwadrupòl
quagmire	quagmire
quail	zòtolan
quaint	pitorèsk
quake	tranblemanntè
qualifications	kalifikasyon
qualified	kalifye
qualify	kalifye
qualifying	kalifye
qualities	kalite
quality	bon jan kalite
quandary	vandè
quantify	quantify
quantitative	quantitative
quantitatively	Kantitativman
quantity	kantite
quantum	pwopòsyon
quarantine	karantèn
quarrel	kont
quarry	karyè
quart	kwit
quarter	trimès
quarterback	kar la
quartered	kare
quarterly	chak trimès
quartermaster	quartermaster
quarters	trimès
quartet	Quartet
quartile	quartile
quarto	NO TRANSLATION
quartz	kwats
quash	fatra
quasi	kisa
quaternary	Quaternary
quay	NO TRANSLATION
queasiness	queasiness
queasy	queasy
queen	larenn
queer	queer
quell	tranble
quench	pasè
query	rechèch
quest	demand
question	kesyon
questionable	dout
questioning	kesyone
questionnaire	kesyonè
queue	keu
queues	ke moun kap kriye
quibble	tranble
quiche	Kiche
quick	rapid
quicken	vitès
quickie	quickie
quickly	byen vit
quickness	vitès
quicksand	quicksand
quicksilver	quicksilver
quid	quid
quiescent	quiescent
quiet	trankil
quietly	dousman
quill	tranbleman tè
quilt	kwent
quince	kwen
quinine	Chinin
quintet	kwentèt
quirk	quirk
quirky	orijinal
quit	kite fimen
quits	kite
quitter	NO TRANSLATION
quiver	tranbleman tè
quivering	tranble
quiz	egzamen
quorum	kowòm
quota	kota
quotation	sitasyon
quote	quote
quotes	quotes
quotient	kosyan
rabbi	Raben
rabbit	lapen
rabble	rabble
rabid	rabid
rabies	raj
raccoon	raccoon
race	ras
racehorse	racehorse
racer	racer
racetrack	kous
racial	rasyal
racism	rasis
racist	rasis
rack	etajè
racket	operasyon
racketeering	racketeering
racking	racking
racquetball	rakèkbòl
racy	racy
radar	rada
radial	radial
radiance	klere
radiant	radyan
radiate	gaye
radiation	radyasyon
radiator	radyatè
radical	radikal
radically	radikalman
radio	radyo
radioactive	radyoaktif
radioactivity	radyoaktivite
radiograph	radyografi
radiography	radyografi
radiologist	radyològ
radiology	radyoloji
radish	radi
radium	radium
radius	reyon
radon	radon
raffle	raffle
raft	kannòt
rag	ranyon
rage	raj
ragemode	rajmode
ragetweet	NO TRANSLATION
ragged	ragged
raggedy	rajan
raging	fache
rags	rad
ragtime	ragtime
raid	atak
raider	raider
rail	tren
railing	balistrad
railroad	ray tren
railway	tren
raiment	rad
rain	lapli
rainbow	lakansyèl
rainbow trout	lakansyèl trout
rainbows	rainbows
raincoat	lapli
raindrops	raindrops
rainfall	lapli
rainforest	forè
rainmaker	Rainmaker
rainstorm	lapli
rainy	lapli
rainyday	jou lapli
raise	leve
raised	leve soti vivan
raisin	rezen
raising	ogmante
rake	rato
rally	rasanbleman
ram	belye mouton
ramble	ramble
rambling	rambling
ramp	ranp
rampage	sakaje
rampant	rampant
rampart	kraze
ramrod	ramrod
ranch	ranch
rancher	rancher
rancid	rancid
random	o aza
randomly	owaza
randomness	o aza
randy	randy
range	ranje
ranger	Ranger
rank	ran
ranking	plase
ransom	ranson
rant	rant
ranting	ranting
rap	rap
rape	vyòl
rapid	rapid
rapidity	rapidite
rapids	Rapids
rapist	vyolan
rapper	rape
rapping	rapping
rapport	NO TRANSLATION
rapt	kouri
raptor	raptor
raptors	raptors
rapture	chache fidèl
rare	ra
rarely	raman
rarity	rar
rascal	koken
rash	gratèl
raspberries	franbwazye
raspberry	Franbwaz
rat	rat
ratchet	klike sou
rate	pousantaj
ratification	ratifikasyon
ratify	ratifye
rating	Rating
ratio	rapò
ration	rasyon
rational	rasyonèl
rationale	rezon
rationalism	rasyonalis
rationality	rasyonèl
rationalize	rasyonalize
rationing	rasyonèl
rattan	Rattan
rattle	rattle
rattled	rattled
rattler	rattler
rattlesnake	rattlesnake
ratty	ratty
raucous	rokous
ravage	ravaj
rave	devinèt
raven	kònèy
ravenous	devoran
ravine	ravin
raving	ravaj
ravioli	ravyol
ravishing	ravishing
raw	kri
rawhide	krihide
rawr	rawr
ray	ray
razor	razwa
reach	rive
react	reyaji
reaction	reyaksyon
reactionary	reyaksyonè
reactive	reyaktif
reactor	raktor
read	li
reader	lektè
readership	lektè
readily	fasilman
readiness	preparasyon
reading	lekti
readjustment	reyajisteman
readout	lekti
ready	pare
readytogo	Prè pou ale
reaffirm	reyafime
reagent	reyaktif
real	reyèl
realism	réalisme
realist	reyalis
realistic	reyalis
reality	reyalite
realization	realizasyon
realize	reyalize
realm	domèn
realtor	riltor
realty	Realty
ream	ream
reap	rekòlte
reaper	reaper
reappear	repran
rear	dèyè
rearrange	ordonne
rearrangement	reorganizasyon
reason	rezon
reasonable	rezonab
reasonableness	rezonab
reasoning	rezònman
reasons	rezon
reassemble	reasanble
reassign	reassign
reassignment	transfè
reassurance	rasirans
reassure	rasire
reassured	reyasire
reassuring	rasire
rebate	ranbousman
rebel	rebèl
rebellion	rebelyon
rebellious	rebèl
rebels	rebèl yo
rebirth	Renesans
reboot	rdemare
reborn	reborn
rebound	detant
rebuild	rebati
rebuke	rale zòrèy
rebut	rebit
rebuttal	refitasyon
recalcitrant	rekalsitrant
recall	sonje
recant	rekant
recap	raple
recapture	repwann
recast	repete
recede	bese
receding	rkwit
receipt	resi
receipts	resi
receive	resevwa
received	te resevwa
receiver	reseptè
receiving	k ap resevwa
recent	dènye
receptacle	plato
reception	resepsyon
receptionist	resepsyonis
receptive	reseptif
receptor	reseptè
recess	rekreyasyon
recesses	rekreyasyon
recession	resesyon
recharge	rechaje
recheck	verifye
recherche	NO TRANSLATION
recidivism	residivism
recipe	resèt
recipient	benefisyè
reciprocal	resipwòk
reciprocate	resipwòde
reciprocity	resipwosite
recital	resital
recitation	resitasyon
recite	resite
reckless	ensousyan
recklessness	enkyetid
reckon	fè regleman
reckoning	fè regleman
reclaim	reklame
reclamation	Kominte
recline	rle
reclining	chita bò tab la
recluse	adrese
recognition	rekonesans
recognizable	rekonèt
recognize	rekonèt
recognized	rekonèt
recoil	repiyans
recollect	sonje
recollection	rekoleksyon
recombinant	recombinant
recombination	rekombinasyon
recommend	rekòmande
recommendation	rekòmandasyon
recompense	recompense
recon	rekonsilye
reconcile	rekonsilye
reconciliation	rekonsilyasyon
reconfigure	rkonfigure
reconnaissance	rekonesans
reconnect	rekonekte
reconsider	rekonsidere
reconsideration	rekonsiderasyon
reconstitution	Rekonstitisyon
reconstruct	rekonstwi
reconstruction	rekonstriksyon an
reconstructive	rekonstriksyon
reconvene	rekomanse
record	dosye
recorder	achiv
recording	anrejistreman
recount	rekontaj
recoup	rekipere
recourse	REKOU
recover	refè
recoverable	refè
recovery	rekiperasyon
recreate	rkree
recreation	rekreyasyon
recreational	lwazi
recruit	rekrite
recruiter	rekritè
recruiting	rekritman
recruitment	rekritman
recruits	rekrite
rectal	rektal
rectangle	rektang
rectangular	rektangilè
rectification	rektifikasyon
rectify	korije
rector	Rector
rectory	resikle
rectum	rektòm
recumbent	Lide
recuperation	rekipere
recur	repete
recurrence	repetition
recurrent	frekan
recurring	repete
recursion	rkoursyon
recursive	repetitif
recursively	recursively
recycle	resikle
recycled	resikle
recycling	resiklaj
red	wouj
reddish	wouj
redecorate	redecorate
redeem	delivre
redeemed	rachte
redemption	Bondye vin delivre
redesign	Redesign
redhead	rou
redheaded	redheaded
redirect	redireksyon yo
redneck	redneck
redness	woujè
redo	refè
redress	reparasyon
reduce	diminye
reduced	redwi
reduction	rediksyon
redundancy	redondans
redundant	redondants
redwood	redwood
reed	pye wozo
reef	Reef
reefer	reefer
reefs	resif
reek	Reek
reel	bobine
reelection	reeleksyon
reeling	anroule
reenactment	reenactment
reentry	reantre
reestablish	restore
ref	ref
refer	refere
referee	abit la
reference	referans
referendum	referandòm
referral	referans
refill	pou replen
refine	rafine
refined	rafine
refinement	revizyon
refinery	rafineri
refining	raffinage
refit	refite
reflect	reflechi
reflecting	reflete
reflection	refleksyon
reflective	reflektif
reflector	reflektè
reflex	reflex
reflux	reflou
reform	refòm
reformation	Refòm
reformer	refòmatè
refraction	refraksyon
refractor	refrakteur
refractory	refraktwa
refrain	evite
refraining	refize
refresh	rafrechi
refreshed	rafrechi
refreshing	entérésan
refreshment	rafrechisman
refrigerate	refrijere
refrigeration	refrijerasyon
refrigerator	frijidè
refuel	met gaz
refuge	refij
refugee	refijye
refund	ranbousman
refurbish	rénovation
refusal	refi
refuse	refize
refused	refize
refusing	refize
refutation	refutation
refute	refite
regain	reprann
regal	regilyèman
regalia	rejis
regard	konsiderasyon
regatta	rejat
regency	Rejyon
regenerate	rejenere
regeneration	rejenerasyon
regent	regent
reggae	reggae
regime	rejim
regimen	rejim
regiment	rejiman
regimental	rejim
region	rejyon
regional	rejyonal yo
regionalism	rejyonalism
register	enskri
registrar	rejistrè
registration	enskripsyon an
registry	rejis
regress	regrese
regression	regression
regressive	regressif
regret	regrè
regretful	regretful
regrettable	regrèt
regretted	regrèt
regretting	regretting
regroup	regroup
regular	regilye
regularity	regilarite
regulars	régulière
regulate	kontwole
regulated	reglemante
regulation	règleman
regulator	regilatè
regulatory	regilasyon
regurgitation	regurgitation
rehab	reyabilitasyon
rehabilitate	reyabilite
rehabilitation	reyabilitasyon
rehash	rehash
rehearsal	repetisyon
rehearse	repete
reign	gouvènen
reigning	gouvène
reimburse	ranbouse
reimbursement	ranbousman
rein	rein
reincarnation	reyenkanasyon
reindeer	rèn
reinforce	ranfòse
reinforcement	ranfòsman
reinforcements	ranfòsman
reins	ren
reinstall	réinstaller
reinstate	retabli
reinstatement	retablisman
reinvest	re-envesti
reinvestment	re-envestisman
reiterate	repete
reject	rejte
rejected	rejte
rejection	rejè
rejects	rejte
rejoice	fè fèt
rejoicing	kontan
rejoin	retounen
rejuvenate	revitalize
rejuvenated	rajenisman
rekindle	rekindle
relapse	rplonje
relate	gen rapò
related	ki gen rapò
relation	relasyon
relationship	relasyon
relative	relatif
relativity	relativite
relax	rilaks
relaxant	detant
relaxation	detant
relaxed	rilaks
relaxing	ap detann
relay	relè
release	lage
released	lage
relegation	relegasyon
relentless	inplakabl
relevance	enpòtans
relevancy	konsantrasyon
relevant	enpòtan
reliability	Fyab
reliable	serye
reliance	reliance
relic	relic
relics	rlik
relief	sekou
relieve	soulaje
relieved	soulajman
relieving	soulaje
relight	ajisteman
religion	relijyon
religious	relijye
relinquish	abandone
relish	relish
relive	relive
reload	Reload
relocate	deplase
relocation	demenajman
reluctance	repiyans
reluctant	ezite
rely	konte
remain	rete
remainder	rès la
remaining	rete
remains	rete
remake	remake
remand	randevou
remark	Remak
remarkable	remakab
remarkably	konsiderableman
remarry	remarye
rematch	rematch
remedial	ratrapaj
remedy	remèd
remember	sonje
remembered	chonje
remembering	sonje
remembrance	chonje
remind	raple
reminder	rapèl
reminisce	reminisce
reminiscent	okoumansman
reminiscing	reminisans
remiss	remis
remission	remisyon
remit	remit
remittance	remèt
remnant	rès
remodel	remodel
remorse	remò
remorseful	remorseful
remote	aleka
remoteness	elwaye
removal	retire
remove	retire
remover	retire
remuneration	salè
renaissance	Renesans
renal	renal
rencontre	NO TRANSLATION
rend	NO TRANSLATION
render	rann
rendering	rann
rendezvous	Randevou
rendition	pwononse
renegade	renegade
renegotiate	renegosye
renew	renouvle
renewal	renouvèlman
renounce	renonse
renovate	renovasyon
renovated	renove
renovation	renovasyon
renown	nonmen
renowned	renome
rent	lwaye
rental	lokasyon
renter	lokatè
renunciation	renonsyasyon
reopen	reouvri
reorganization	reòganizasyon
reorganize	reòganize
rep	rep
repaint	repenn
repair	reparasyon
repairman	reparatè
reparation	reparasyon
repay	peye
repayment	ranbousman
repeal	anilasyon
repeat	repete
repeated	repete
repeatedly	repete
repeater	repete
repel	repouse
repellant	repantan
repellent	repouse
repelling	repouse
repent	repanti
repentance	repantans
repentant	repanti
repertoire	repètwa
repertory	repètwa
repetition	repetisyon
repetitive	repetitif
rephrase	rephrase
replace	ranplase
replacement	ranplasman
replay	replay
replenish	ranplir
replete	ranpli
replica	kopi
replicate	repete
replication	replikasyon
reply	repons
report	rapò
reported	rapòte
reporter	repòtè
repose	repoze
reposition	reposition
repository	repozitwa
repossess	repossess
reprehensible	repiblik
represent	reprezante
representation	reprezantasyon
representative	reprezantan
represented	reprezante
representing	reprezante
repress	reprimande
repressed	reprime
repression	represyon
reprieve	reprimande
reprimand	reprimann
reprint	reprimande
reprisal	repriz
reprise	reprise
reproach	wont
reproduce	repwodui
reproduction	repwodiksyon
reproductive	repwodiksyon
reprogram	rprograme
reptile	reptil
republic	Repiblik
republican	repibliken
repudiation	refi
repugnance	repiyans
repugnant	repiyan
repulsion	repouse
repulsive	repouse
repurchase	re-acha
reputable	repitasyon
reputation	repitasyon
repute	repote
reputed	repote
request	demann
requiem	requiem
require	mande
required	egzije
requirement	egzijans
requisite	nesesè
requisition	rekizisyon
reread	relye
reroute	delege
rerun	aprann
reschedule	règleman
rescind	delivre
rescission	retounen
rescue	sekou
research	rechèch
researcher	chèchè
resection	resection
resemblance	resanblè
resemble	sanble ak
resembling	fè l sanble souvan
resent	rayi
resentful	resantful
resentment	resantiman
reservation	rezèvasyon
reserve	rezève
reserved	rezève
reserves	rezèv
reservoir	rezèvwa
reset	Reyajiste
reside	viv
residence	rezidans
residences	kay
residency	rezidans
resident	rezidan
residential	rezidansyèl
residual	rezidyèl
residue	rezidi
resign	bay demisyon
resignation	demisyon
resigned	demisyon
resilience	detèminasyon
resilient	rezistan
resin	résine
resist	reziste
resistance	rezistans
resistant	rezistan
resisting	reziste kont
resistive	reziste
resolute	rezoud
resolutely	detèmine
resolution	rezolisyon
resolve	rezoud
resolved	rezoud
resonance	sonorite
resonant	sonan
resonate	sonje
resonator	resonator
resort	resort
resounding	reyaji
resource	resous
resourceful	resous
resources	resous yo
respect	respè
respectability	respekabilite
respectable	respektab
respected	respekte
respectful	respekte
respecting	respekte
respective	respektif
respects	respekte
respiration	respirasyon
respirator	respiratè
respiratory	respiratwa
respite	relite
resplendent	resplendent
respond	reponn
respondent	repondan
response	repons
responsibility	responsablite
responsible	responsab
responsive	reponn
rest	repo
restart	rekòmanse
restaurant	restoran
rested	repoze
restful	trankil
restitution	restitisyon
restless	M'enerve
restlessness	ajitasyon
restock	restock
restoration	restorasyon
restorative	restorative
restore	retabli
restored	retabli
restoring	retabli
restrain	kenbe
restrained	sispann
restraining	tretman
restraint	kontrent
restrict	limite
restricted	limite
restriction	restriksyon
restrictive	restriksyon
restroom	twalèt
result	rezilta
resultant	rezilta
resume	rezime
resumption	reouvè
resurrect	resisite
resurrection	rezirèksyon
resuscitate	resisite
resuscitation	reanimasyon
retail	detay
retailer	magazen
retain	kenbe
retainer	koupè
retaining	kenbe
retake	retake
retaliate	Vanjans
retaliation	Vanjans
retaliatory	Vanjans
retard	retade
retardation	reta
retarded	retade
retards	retade
retention	retansyon
retentive	retentif
rethink	repanse
reticent	retisan
retina	retin
retinal	retin
retire	retire li
retired	retrete
retirement	retrèt
retiring	retiran
retold	retold
retort	retòt
retrace	retrè
retract	rantre
retraction	retraksyon
retractor	retraktor
retreat	retrè
retrenchment	retrenchman
retrial	retrè
retribution	pinisyon
retrieval	Rekipere
retrieve	rekipere
retriever	retriever
retro	retro
retroactive	retwoaktif
retrograde	retrograde
retrospect	retrospective
retrospective	retrospektiv
retrospectively	retrospective
return	retounen
reunion	reunion
reunite	reyini
reunited	reyini
rev	rev
reveal	revele
revel	revel
revelation	revelasyon
revelations	revelasyon
revels	revels
revenge	revanj
revenue	revni
reverberation	reverberasyon
revere	revere
reverence	reverans
reverend	Reveran
reverent	reveran
reverie	Reverie
reversal	anilasyon
reverse	ranvèse
reversion	Reversion
revert	retounen
reverting	retounen
review	revizyon
reviewer	revizyon
revise	revize
revision	revizyon
revisit	revize
revival	renesans
revive	reviv
revocation	revokasyon
revoke	revoke
revolt	revòlt
revolting	revòlt
revolution	revolisyon
revolutionary	revolisyonè
revolutionize	revolusyone
revolve	revolve
revolver	revòlvè
revolving	revolvè
revue	revue
revulsion	revòlt
revving	revving
reward	rekonpans
rewarding	rekonpanse
rewind	retounen
rewire	rewire
rewrite	reyekri
rhapsody	rapsody
rhetoric	diskou
rhetorical	diskou
rheumatism	rimatism
rhinestone	pyerri
rhino	rhino
rhinoceros	Rinoseròs
rhubarb	Rubarb
rhyme	rime
rhyming	rime
rhythm	ritm
rhythmic	ritmik
rhythmical	ritmik
rib	kib
ribbed	riban
ribbon	riban
rice	diri
rich	rich
riches	richès
richness	richès
rick	rick
rickety	rickety
rickshaw	rickshaw
ricochet	rikoch
rid	debarase m
riddance	riddance
riddle	kont
riddled	riddled
ride	woulib
rider	kavalye
ridge	Ridge
ridicule	betiz
ridiculed	ridikil
ridiculous	ridikil
riding	monte
rife	ri
riff	Reef
riffraff	rifraff
rifle	fizi
rifleman	rifleman
rifles	fizi
rift	rift
rig	mare
rigged	truke
rigging	manipilasyon
right	dwa
righteous	mache dwat devan Bondye
righteousness	dwat devan Bondye
rightful	lejitim
rightly	rezon
righty	dwat
rigid	rijid
rigidity	frigidité
rigor	difikilte
rigorous	solid
rim	rim
rind	kriye
ring	bag
ringer	sonwa
ringing	sonnen
ringleader	lidè
ringmaster	Ringmaster
ringside	Ranje
rink	pist
rinse	rense
riot	revòlt
rioting	revòlt
riotous	ri
riots	revòlt
rip	rip
riparian	Materyèl
ripe	mi
ripen	moulen
ripening	matrité
ripper	riper
ripple	tranch
rippling	kavalye
rise	monte
rising	k ap monte
risk	risk
risky	ki riske
risotto	Risotto
rite	rite
ritual	seremoni
ritualistic	ritualist
rival	rival li
rivalry	rivalite
river	rivyè
riverbank	Riverbank
riverbed	rivyè
riverboat	rivyè
rivet	rivet
riveted	riveted
riveting	fiks
roach	roach
road	wout
roadblock	wout
roadhouse	chofè
roadie	roadie
roadrage	NO TRANSLATION
roadrunner	Roadrunner
roads	wout yo
roadside	bò wout la
roadster	Roadster
roadtrip	wout
roadway	wout
roadworks	wout
roam	Roaming
roar	gwonde
roaring	Roaring
roast	boukannen
roasted	griye
rob	volè
robber	vòlè
robbery	vòlè
robe	rad
robin	robin
robot	robo
robotic	Robotics
robotics	robotics
robust	gaya
roc	rok
rock	wòch
rocker	rokeur
rocket	fize
rocks	wòch
rod	baton
rodent	rat
rodeo	rodeo
roe	kabrit
rogue	vakabon
role	wòl
roll	woule
roller	roulo
rollercoaster	rus
rollers	woulèt
rollicking	woule
rolling	woule
roman	roman
romance	romans
romantic	amoure
romanticism	romantizm
romp	fatra
roof	do-kay
rooftop	twa
rook	rook
rookie	rookie
room	chanm
roomful	sal
roommate	kolokasyon
rooms	chanm
roomy	gran
roost	kòk
rooster	kòk
root	rasin
root beer	byè rasin
rooted	rasin
rope	kòd
ropes	kòd
rosary	kolye
rose	woz
rosemary	Rosemary
rosette	rozèt
roster	lis
rosy	rosy
rot	pouri
rota	rota
rotary	Rotary
rotate	Thorne
rotation	wotasyon
rote	red
rotor	rotor
rotten	pouri
rotting	pouri
rotunda	rotunda
rouge	rouj
rough	ki graj
roughly	apeprè
roughneck	tranblemanntè
roughness	brutality
roulette	kazino
round	wonn
roundabout	wotasyon
rounded	awondi
roundup	Rasanbleman
rouse	rouse
rouser	rouser
rousing	vibran
rout	wout
route	wout
routine	woutin
rove	rove
rover	rover
roving	roving
row	ranje
rowboat	koulwa
rowdy	vwayou
rowing	rowing
royal	wayal
royalty	wayote
rub	fwote
rubber	kawotchou
rubbers	kawotchou
rubbing	fwote
rubbish	fatra
rubble	debri
rubdown	rubdown
rubric	ribrik
ruby	Ruby
ruckus	Ruckus
rudder	rudder
ruddy	ruddy
rude	grosye
rudeness	malonnèt
rudimentary	rudimentaire
rudiments	konsèy
rue	rue
rueful	wont
ruff	ruff
ruffian	Ruffian
ruffle	rofl
rug	tapi
rugby	Rugbi
rugged	rezistan
ruin	ruine
ruination	rwin
ruined	pèdi tou
ruinous	kraze
ruins	kraze
rule	règ
ruler	chèf
ruling	desizyon
rum	wonm
rumba	rumba
rumble	rumble
rummage	rummage
rumor	rimè
rumored	rimè
rump	fann
rumpus	rumpus
run	kouri
runaround	runaround
runaway	sove
rundown	fatige
runes	kouri
rung	kouri
runner	kourè
running	kouri
running shoes	kouri soulye
runny	koule
runt	NO TRANSLATION
runway	pist
rupture	kraze
rural	riral
ruse	NO TRANSLATION
rush	prese
rushing	bri
rust	rouye
rusted	rusted
rustic	Rustic
rustle	woule
rustler	rustler
rusty	wouye
rut	rut
ruth	Rit
ruthless	san pitye
rye	Rye
sabbatical	sabbatical
saber	NO TRANSLATION
sable	sable
sabotage	sabotaj
saboteur	saboteur
sac	sak
sack	sak
sacrament	Sentsèn
sacred	sakre
sacrifice	sakrifis
sacrifices	sakrifis
sacrificial	sakrifis
sacrilege	sakrifye
sacrilegious	sakrilye
sad	tris
sadday	NO TRANSLATION
saddens	saddens
saddle	aparèy
sadist	sadist
sadistic	sadik
sadly	Malerezman
sadness	tristès
safari	safari
safe	san danje
safeguard	pwoteje
safekeeping	konsève
safety	sekirite
saffron	safran
sag	Sag
saga	lejand
sage	maj
saggy	saggy
sail	vwal
sailboat	vwalye
sailing	navige
sailor	maren
saint	saint
sainted	sainted
saintly	saintly
sake	poutèt
salad	sòs salad
salamander	salamann
salami	salami
salary	salè
sale	vann
salesgirl	lavant
salesman	vandè
salient	siyifikatif
saline	saline
saliva	krache
sally	sally
salmon	somon
salmonella	salmonella
salon	salon
saloon	saloon
salsa	salsa
salt	sèl
salted	salted
saltwater	dlo sale
salty	sal
salutary	salè
salutation	bonjou
salute	salye
salvage	sovtaj
salvation	delivre
salve	salve
samba	samba
sameness	konjenans
sample	echantiyon
samurai	samurai
sanatorium	enfirmri
sanctification	sanktifikasyon
sanctified	sanktifye
sanctify	sanktifye
sanctimonious	atmosfè
sanction	sanksyon
sanctioned	sanksyone
sanctity	sakre
sanctuary	Tanp lan
sanctum	sanktyè
sand	sab
sandal	sapat
sandbox	sandboks
sander	sander
sandman	Sandman
sandpaper	papye
sands	sab
sandstorm	tanpèt
sandwich	sandwich
sandy	Sandy
sane	sekrè
sanguine	sanguine
sanitarium	sanitèr
sanitary	sanitè
sanitation	sanitasyon
sanity	sanitasyon
sans	NO TRANSLATION
santa	santa
sap	sap
sapiens	sapiens
sapphire	safi
sappy	benyen
sarcasm	sarcastic
sarcastic	sarcastic
sarcoma	sarcoma
sarcophagus	sarkofaj
sardine	sardine
sardonic	sardonic
sarsaparilla	sarsaparilla
sash	sentiwon
sashimi	sashimi
sassafras	sasafra
sassy	sasi
satanic	satanik
satchel	sak
sate	NO TRANSLATION
satellite	satelit
satin	saten
satire	satir
satirical	satirik
satisfaction	satisfaksyon
satisfactorily	satisfaksyon
satisfactory	satisfaksyon
satisfied	satisfè
satisfy	satisfè
satisfying	satisfè
saturate	boure
saturated	satire
saturation	saturation
satyr	satir
sauce	sòs
saucepan	marmite
saucer	sokoup
saucy	saucy
sauerkraut	choukrout
sauna	sona
sausage	sosis
savage	sovaj
savagery	savon
savanna	savanna
savannah	savannah
savant	savan
save	sove
saver	ekonomizeur
saving	ekonomize
savings	ekonomi
savior	Sovè
savor	gou
savory	bon plat
savvy	konprandr
saw	wè
sawdust	syur
sawmill	sifas
sax	sax
saxophone	saksofòn
say	di
sayonara	NO TRANSLATION
scab	fwotman
scabbard	fènwa
scaffold	echafodaj
scaffolding	echafodaj
scalding	scalding
scale	echèl
scales	balans
scallop	kranpon
scalp	po tèt
scalpel	scalpel
scaly	chalè
scam	tronpe
scamp	eskive
scampi	eskive
scan	eskanè
scandal	eskandal
scandalous	scandales
scanner	scanner
scanty	modestes
scape	scape
scapegoat	ekapegoat
scar	mak
scarab	scarab
scarce	ra
scarcely	fèk ditou
scarcity	rate
scare	fè pè
scarecrow	epouvantay
scared	pè
scares	kriz
scarf	echap
scarier	scarier
scariest	efreyan
scarlet	wouj
scary	pè
scat	sèk
scatter	gaye
scattered	gaye
scattering	epapiye
scavenger	scavenger
scenario	senaryo
scene	sèn
scenery	peyizaj
scenic	Scenic
scent	sant
scented	parfumé
scepter	baton
sceptical	ensèten
scepticism	dout
schadenfreude	fèb
schedule	orè
schematic	schematic
scheme	konplo
schilling	schilling
schism	schism
schizophrenia	eskizofreni
schizophrenic	eskizofrenik
schlep	glise
schmuck	NO TRANSLATION
schnapps	vitès
schnitzel	Schnitzel
scholar	elèv
scholarly	etidyan
scholarship	bousdetid
scholastic	lekòl
school	lekòl
schoolboy	schoolboy
schoolgirl	etudyant
schoolhouse	lekòl
schooling	lekòl
schoolmaster	lekòl la
schoolteacher	NO TRANSLATION
schoolwork	travay lekol
schoolyard	lekòl la
schooner	fè
sciatica	syatik
science	Syans
scientific	syantifik
scientist	syantis
scifi	scifi
scintilla	NO TRANSLATION
scintillating	scintillating
scintillation	scintillation
scintillator	scintillator
scion	Syon
scissors	sizo
scoff	scoff
scold	reprimande
scolding	reprimand
scone	scone
scoop	efè
scoot	scoot
scooter	scooter
scope	dimansyon
scorch	boule
scorching	boule
score	nòt
scoreboard	Skorbord
scorer	marqueur
scores	nòt
scorn	epineux
scorned	meprize
scornful	eskandal
scorpion	eskòpyon
scotch	scotch
scoundrel	tronpe
scour	rev
scourge	bat
scout	Scout
scowl	gode
scrabble	scrabble
scram	scram
scramble	Goumen
scrambled	grenpe moute
scrambler	Goumen
scrambling	eskalade
scrap	bouyon
scrapbook	Scrapbook
scrape	grate
scrapie	scrapie
scraping	grate
scrappy	grate
scratch	grate
scratchy	grate
scrawny	grate
scream	rèl
screamer	screamer
screaming	kriyan
screech	kriye
screen	ekran
screening	tès depistaj
screenplay	scenplay
screenwriter	senarist
screw	vis
screwball	visye
screwdriver	tournevis
screwed	vise
screwy	visye
screwyou	NO TRANSLATION
scribble	skribble
scribe	sekretè
scrimmage	grenpe
scrip	scrip
script	script
scriptural	ekriti
scripture	ekriti
scroll	woulo liv
scrotum	mawon
scrounge	scrounge
scrounger	scrounger
scrub	fwote
scruffy	grate
scrumptious	scrumptious
scrupulous	règleman
scrutinize	egzamine
scrutiny	egzaminen
scuba	eba
scuff	scuff
scuffle	defèt
scullery	scullery
sculptor	sculpteur
sculpture	eskilti
sculptured	eskilti
scum	scum
scumbag	scumbag
scurry	Scurry
scurvy	skourvy
scuttle	scuttle
sea	lanmè
seaboard	lanmè
seafood	fwidmè
seagull	mwèt
seal	sele
seals	sele
seam	koud
seaman	Seaman
seamless	san pwoblèm
seamstress	koudr
seaport	pò maritim
sear	mare
search	rechèch
searching	chache
searchlight	recherche
seared	seared
seashore	bò lanmè
seasick	Seasick
seaside	lanmè
season	sezon
seasonal	sezon
seasoned	sezonman
seasoning	séchage
seat	chèz
seatbelt	senti sekirite
seating	chita
seawater	lanmè
seaweed	alg
sec	sec
secession	seksyon
secluded	solitèr
seclusion	entimidasyon
second	dezyèm
second cousin	dezyèm kouzen
secondary	segondè
secondhand	dezyèm men
secrecy	sekrè
secret	sekrè
secretariat	Sekretarya
secretary	sekretè
secrete	sekrete
secretion	sekresyon
secretive	sekrè
secretly	an kachèt
sect	sèk
sectarian	relijyeu
section	seksyon
sectional	seksyonèl
sector	sektè
secular	eksklizyon
secularism	sekularis
secure	sekirite
securities	sekirite
security	sekirite
sedan	NO TRANSLATION
sedate	sedate
sedation	sedasyon
sedative	sedatif
sedentary	sedantèr
sedge	sedge
sediment	sediman
sedimentary	sedimantè
sedition	sedisyon
seduce	sedui
seducer	seducer
seducing	sedwi
seduction	séduire
seductive	séduizant
see	wè
seed	pitit pitit
seedling	plantules
seeds	grenn
seedy	tranble
seek	chache
seeker	moun k ap chèche
seem	sanble
seemingly	w pèdi
seer	vwayan
seesaw	wè
seething	bouyon
segment	segman
segregate	segregasyon
segregated	segregasyon
segregation	segregasyon
seismic	sismik
seize	arete
seizure	kriz malkadi
seldom	raman
select	chwazi
selection	seleksyon
selective	selektif
selectman	selman
selenium	selenyòm
self	pwòp tèt ou
selfharm	NO TRANSLATION
selfish	egoyis
selfishness	egoyis
selfless	volontè
selflove	NO TRANSLATION
selfworth	NO TRANSLATION
sell	vann
seller	vandè
sellout	fin vann nèt
seltzer	seltzer
semantics	semantik
semaphore	semafò
semblance	semblance
semen	espèm oswa dechaj
semester	semès
semi	semi
semiautomatic	NO TRANSLATION
semicolon	semicolon
seminal	fondasyon
seminar	seminè
seminary	seminè
semiotics	semyo
senate	Sena a
senator	senatè
send	voye
sender	kounyè
senescence	senesans
senile	senile
senior	ansyen
seniority	ansyènte
senor	senor
senorita	senorita
sensation	sansasyon
sensational	sansasyonalis
sense	sans
senseless	dezagreyab
senses	sans
sensibility	sansibilite
sensible	sansib
sensibly	sansiblite
sensitive	sansib
sensitivity	sansiblite
sensor	Capteur
sensory	sansoryèl
sensual	sensual
sensuality	sensuel
sensuous	sansibl
sentence	fraz
sentencing	kondanasyon
sentient	santiman
sentiment	santiman
sentimental	santimantal
sentimentality	Sentimantalite
sentinel	Sentinel
sentry	sentri
separable	separab
separate	separe
separately	separeman
separation	separasyon
separatist	separatis
sepia	Sepia
sepsis	sepsis
sept	sept
septic	septik
septum	entèrorikulèr
sequel	fen
sequence	sekans
sequent	sekans
sequestered	sezi
sequestration	sezi
serenade	serenade
serendipity	serendipity
serene	trankilite
serenity	serenite
sergeant	sèjan
serial	seri
serialize	serialize
series	seri
serif	serif
serious	serye
seriousness	gravite
sermon	prèch
serpent	sèpan
serpentine	serpentine
serrated	krante
serum	serom
servant	sèvitè
serve	sèvi
server	sèvè
service	sèvis
serviceable	sèvis
servile	servile
servitude	esklavaj
sesame	wowoli
sess	NO TRANSLATION
session	sesyon
sessions	sesyon
set	mete
setback	ensekirite
sett	NO TRANSLATION
setter	setter
settle	rezoud
settled	rete
settlement	règleman
settler	kolon
settlor	rete
setup	konfigirasyon
seven	sèt
seventeen	disèt
seventh	setyèm
seventy	swasanndis
sever	sever
severable	sevè
severally	nèt
severance	detounman
severe	grav
severely	anpil
severity	gravite
sew	koud
sewage	dlo egou
sewer	egou
sewerage	egou yo
sewing	koud
sex	fè sèks
sexist	sexist
sexual	seksyèl
sexuality	Seksyalite
sexy	sexy
shabby	ranyon
shack	shack
shackle	bat
shade	lonbraj
shades	tout koulè
shading	lonbraj
shadow	lonbraj
shadowy	lonbraj
shady	lonbraj
shaft	arbr
shag	chag
shaggy	Shaggy
shake	souke
shakedown	ri
shaken	souke
shaker	Shaker
shaking	souke
shaky	enkyete
shall	va
shallow	fon
shallows	flè
sham	tranble
shaman	chaman
shambles	shambles
shame	wont
shamed	wont
shameful	wont
shameless	sinik
shampoo	chanpou
shanghai	Shanghai
shank	shank
shanty	shanty
shape	fòm
shapely	bèl
shard	taye
share	pataje
shareholder	aksyonè
sharing	pataje
shark	reken
sharp	byen file
sharpen	egwize
sharpened	file
sharpener	pwent
sharpness	précision
sharpshooter	Buteur
shatter	kraze
shattered	kraze
shattering	kraze
shave	koupe tout cheve nan tèt
shaver	raze
shaving	bab
shawl	chal
sheaf	Sheaf
shear	taye
shears	sizayman
sheath	mou
sheathing	mou
shed	koule
sheen	Sheen
sheep	mouton
sheepdog	bèf
sheepish	mouton
sheer	absoli
sheet	fèy
sheik	sheik
shelf	etajè
shell	koki
shellfish	kristase
shelling	bonm
shelter	abri
sheltered	sheltered
shelters	abri
shelved	aranje
shepherd	gadò mouton
sherbet	sherbet
sheriff	cherif la
sherry	Sherry
shield	pwoteje
shift	chanjman
shifting	chanje
shifty	sere
shilling	shilling
shimmer	blende
shimmering	zonyon
shimmy	shimmy
shin	shin
shindig	Shindig
shine	klere
shiner	Shiner
shingle	briye
shining	klere byen bèl
shiny	klere
ship	bato
shipment	chajman
shipping	anbake
shipshape	bato
shipwreck	batiman koule
shipyard	SHIPYARD
shire	shire
shirt	chemiz
shit	kaka
shitday	NO TRANSLATION
shitfaced	shitfaced
shithead	kochon
shitless	kèlkonk
shitload	shitload
shittest	NO TRANSLATION
shitty	èkstrèmeman
shiver	tranble
shivering	tranble
shoals	shoals
shock	chòk
shocked	choke
shocker	chokan
shocking	chokan
shockingly	chokan
shoddy	chod
shoe	soulye
shoelace	shoelace
shoemaker	chodyè
shoes	soulye
shoeshine	shoeshine
shook	t'ap tranble anba pye
shoot	tire
shooter	tirè
shooting	tire
shootout	fiziyad
shop	magazen
shopkeeper	magazen
shoplifter	shoplifter
shoplifting	shoplifting
shopper	achtè
shopping	fè makèt
shore	rivaj
shoreline	lanmè
shorn	chire
short	kout
short story	kout istwa
shortage	mank
shortcake	ti kras
shortcoming	ensifizans
shortcut	chemen kout
shorten	diminye
shortening	mantèg
shorthand	kout wòch
shortly	yon ti tan
shortness	kout
shorts	bout pantalon
shortstop	kout kouto
shortwave	koutwave
shot	piki
shotgun	fizi
shoulder	zepòl
shout	rele
shove	bouskile
shovel	pèl
shoveling	pèl
show	montre
showbiz	showbiz
showboat	montreboat
showcase	montre
showdown	konfwontasyon
shower	douch
showgirl	montregirl
showing	montre
showoff	montre
showroom	choroum
showy	éklatan
shrapnel	shrapnel
shred	ti kras
shrew	mare
shrewd	malen
shriek	rèl
shrill	tranble
shrimp	kribich
shrine	chapèl
shrink	retresi
shrinking	réduction
shrivel	ranmase
shroud	dra
shrub	ti pyebwa
shrubbery	ti pyebwa
shrug	osman
shrunk	reta
shrunken	réduite
shudder	tranble
shuddering	bouche
shuffle	chefeul
shuffleboard	Shuffleboard
shuffling	mélanger
shun	koupe
shunned	shunned
shunt	chantye
shut	fèmen
shutdown	fèmen
shuteye	NO TRANSLATION
shutit	NO TRANSLATION
shutter	vole
shuttle	navèt
shutup	NO TRANSLATION
shy	timid
shyness	timidite
shyster	Shyster
sib	NO TRANSLATION
sibling	frè ak sè
sic	sic
sick	malad
sickbay	malad
sicken	sèk
sickening	danjere
sickle	brouyar
sickly	malad
sickness	maladi
side	bò
sidearm	sidearm
sidebar	Sidebar
sideboard	sideboard
sideburns	sideburns
sidecar	Sidecar
sidekick	sidekick
sideline	sideline
sideshow	fèy
sidestep	eskwadwon
sidewalk	twotwa
sideways	sou kote
sidewinder	sidewinder
siege	sènen toupatou
siesta	sòsya
sieve	Van
sift	Sift
sifting	tamize
sigh	soupi
sight	je
sighting	wè
sightseeing	fè touris
sigma	sigma
sign	siyen
signal	siyal
signature	siyati
significance	siyifikasyon
significant	siyifikatif
signification	siyifikasyon
signify	siyifye
signpost	siy
silence	silans
silencer	silansye
silent	silans
silently	an silans
silhouette	silwèt
silicon	Silisyòm
silicone	silikone
silk	swa
silken	silken
silky	swa
sill	rebò
silliness	silliness
silly	komik
silo	silo
silt	silt
silver	ajan
silverware	ajan
silvery	ajan
similar	menm jan an
similarity	resanblans
simile	NO TRANSLATION
simmer	mitone
simmering	Fremisman
simple	senp
simples	NO TRANSLATION
simpleton	senplèt
simplicity	senplisite
simplify	senplifye
simplistic	senplist
simply	Senpleman
simulate	simulation
simulated	simulation
simulating	similye
simulation	simulation
simulator	similatè
simultaneous	similtane
simultaneously	ansanm
sin	NO TRANSLATION
sincere	sensè
sincerity	senserite
sinful	peche
sing	chante
singer	chantè
singing	chante
single	sèl
singly	singly
singular	sengilye
singularity	singularité
singularly	endividyèlman
sinister	dezas
sink	koule
sinker	Zenk
sinking	l ap desann
sinner	pechè
sinning	fè peche
sinus	sinis
sip	sote
siphon	siphon
sipping	sipping
sir	mesye
sire	sire
siren	sirèn
sirloin	sirloin
sissy	sissy
sister	sè
sisterhood	sèhoodhood
sit	chita
sitcom	sitcom
site	sit
sith	sith
sitter	sitter
sitting	chita
situate	kote
situated	sitiye
situation	sitiyasyon
six	sis
sixpence	sisans
sixteen	sèz
sixth	sizyèm
sixty	swasant
sizable	sizable
size	gwosè
sizzle	sizzle
ska	NO TRANSLATION
skate	monte paten
skateboard	skateboard
skater	skèyte
skating	artistik
skedaddle	skedaddle
skeet	skeet
skein	krache
skeletal	skelèt
skeleton	skelèt
skeptic	dout
skeptical	ensèten
skepticism	dout
sketch	trase
sketching	eskiz
sketchy	eskiz
skewed	fwote
skewer	bwason
ski	ski
skid	glise
skier	skye
skiff	skiff
skiing	ski
skijump	NO TRANSLATION
skill	konpetans
skilled	kalifye
skillet	sote
skillful	abil
skim	gade
skimpy	chape
skin	po
skinny	mens
skip	sote
skipper	skipper
skirmish	akrochaj
skirt	jip
skirting	longan
skirts	jip
skit	koule
skittish	skittish
skull	zo bwa tèt
skunk	skunk
sky	syèl
skylight	lenn
skyline	skyline
skyscraper	gratsyèl
slab	slab
slack	kanson
slag	salop
slam	slam
slammer	slammer
slander	kalomnye
slanderous	kondane
slang	jagon
slant	pant
slap	kalòt
slash	koupe
slashes	bar
slate	adwaz
slates	kouch
slaughter	touye
slaughterhouse	labatwa
slaughtering	touye
slave	esklav
slavery	esklavaj
slay	touye
slayer	touye
sleaze	Sleaze
sleazy	sleazy
sled	NO TRANSLATION
sledding	treno
sledge	treno
sledgehammer	sledgehammer
sleek	dous
sleep	dòmi
sleeper	Travelers
sleeping	dòmi
sleepless	dòmi
sleeplessness	blesi
sleepover	sleepover
sleepy	dòmi
sleepyhead	dòmi
sleet	zèb
sleeve	manch
sleeveless	manch
sleigh	karyol
sleight	sleight
slender	Mens
sleuth	sleuth
slice	tranch
slick	Slick
slicker	Slicker
slide	glise
slider	kurseur
sliding	glise
slight	ti tay
slight anticipation	ti antisipasyon
slight disgust	ti degout
slight surprise	ti sipriz
slight trust	ti fè konfyans
slightly	yon ti kras
slightly negative	yon ti kras negatif
slightly positive	yon ti kras pozitif
slim	mens
slime	limon
slimy	mens
sling	fistibal
slingshot	fistibal
slink	koule
slinky	slinky
slip	glise
slipper	soulye
slippers	pantouf
slippery	glise
slit	déchirure
sliver	tranbleman
slob	slob
slobber	Slobber
slogan	eslogan
sloop	sloop
slop	NO TRANSLATION
slope	pant
sloppy	sloppy
slot	plas
sloth	paresseux
slouch	slouch
slough	ti kras
slow	ralanti
slowly	tou dousman
slowness	lamè
sludge	depo
slug	paresseux
slugger	slugger
sluggish	paresseux
sluice	sluice
slum	bidonvil
slumber	dòmi
slump	glisman
slur	Slur
slurp	kriye
slush	glase
slut	souyon
slutty	slutty
sly	sounwa
smack	santi'w
small	ti
smaller	pi piti
smallest	pi piti
smallpox	ti piti
smart	entelijan
smartass	smartass
smarten	souri
smarty	smarty
smash	kraze
smashed	kraze
smattering	kraze
smear	tès
smell	pran sant
smelling	pran sant
smelly	sere
smelt	melanje
smidgen	smidgen
smile	souri
smiled	souri
smiles	souri
smiley	Smiley
smiling	souri
smirk	smirk
smite	frape
smith	smith
smithereens	smithereens
smitten	frape
smock	tranble
smog	smog
smoke	lafimen
smoker	fimè
smokey	fimen
smoking	fimen
smoky	fume
smoldering	bri
smooch	smooch
smooth	lis
smoothie	smoothie
smoothly	san pwoblèm
smoothness	Glouton
smother	pran tranble
smudge	bèbè
smug	kontwole
smuggle	kontwole
smuggler	kontrebann
smuggling	kontrebann
smut	konba
snack	goute
snacks	ti goute
snafu	snafu
snag	chape
snags	koulèv
snail	kalmason
snake	koulèv
snakes	koulèv
snakeskin	snakeskin
snap	menen
snapper	pwograme
snappy	rapid
snapshot	snapshot
snare	pèlen
snarl	snarl
snarling	snarling
snatch	rache
snatcher	Snatcher
snazzy	snazzy
sneak	fofile
sneaker	sniker
sneakers	tenis
sneaking	fofile
sneaky	sournwa
sneer	sèpan
sneeze	estènye
sneezing	etènye
snicker	snicker
snide	kriye
sniff	pran plezi
snip	baskile
snipe	kritike
sniper	tirè pwofesyonèl
snippet	bri
snippy	snippy
snitch	pike
snob	snob
snoop	snoop
snoopy	snoopy
snooty	snooty
snooze	repete
snore	rayi
snorkel	snorkel
snort	snort
snot	snot
snotty	moustik
snout	koulèv
snow	nèj
snowball	Snowball
snowboard	planch
snowboarder	snobord
snowday	nèj
snowfall	Lanèj ki Tonbe an
snowflake	Snowflake
snowing	nèj
snowmageddon	Snowmageddon
snowman	bonom
snowplow	Snowplow
snowstorm	tanpèt nèj
snowy	lanèj
snub	snub
snubbed	snubbed
snuff	mourrir
snug	konjwen
snuggle	mele
snuggled	snuggled
snuggles	nèg
snuggling	nouri
soak	tranpe
soaked	tranpe
soaking	tranpe
soangry	NO TRANSLATION
soannoyed	NO TRANSLATION
soap	savon
soapbox	savon
soapy	savon
soar	transande
soaring	soaring
sob	NO TRANSLATION
sober	Kenbe modere
soblessed	NO TRANSLATION
sobriety	zanmitay
soc	soc
soccer	foutbòl
sociable	sosyabl
social	sosyal
socialanxiety	NO TRANSLATION
socialism	sosyalis
socialist	sosyalis
socialite	sosyalite
socialize	sosyalize
society	sosyete a
sociology	sosyoloji
sociopath	sosyopat
sock	chosèt
socket	priz
sod	Gazon
soda	soda
soda/pop	soda / pòp
sodding	sodding
sodium	sodyòm
sofa	sofa
soft	mou
softball	softball
soften	adousi
softener	adousisan
softening	ralantisman
softly	dousman
softness	mou
software	lojisyèl
soggy	mou
sohappy	sohappy
soil	tè
soiled	sal
soiree	Soteire
sojourn	viv
solace	solace
solar	solèy
solarium	solaryom
solder	soude
soldering	soude
soldier	sòlda
sole	sèl
solemn	solanèl
solicit	mande
solicitation	solisyon
solicitor	jurist
solid	solid
solidarity	solidarite
solidification	solidifikasyon
solidified	solidifye
solidify	solidifye
solidity	solidite
solitaire	solitèr
solitary	klè
solitude	solitid
solo	solo
solubility	solubility
soluble	idrosolubl
solucky	solucky
solution	solisyon
solve	rezoud
solvency	solvabilite
solvent	sòlvan
somad	NO TRANSLATION
somatic	somatik
somber	dousman
some anticipation	kèk antisipasyon
some disgust	kèk degout
some surprise	kèk sipriz
some trust	Gen kèk konfyans
somersault	somersault
somethingigetalot	NO TRANSLATION
somewhat negative	yon ti jan negatif
somewhat positive	yon ti jan pozitif
somuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
son	pitit gason
sonar	sonar
sonata	sonata
sonervous	NO TRANSLATION
song	chante
songwriter	konpoziteur
sonic	sonic
sonice	NO TRANSLATION
sonnet	sonèt
sonorous	sonorous
soot	swi
soothe	kalme
soothing	kalme
sophisticated	sofistike
sophistication	sofistike
sophomore	sophomore
sopissed	NO TRANSLATION
soppy	Sopot
soprano	soprano
sorcerer	majisyen
sorcery	sorselri
sordid	sordid
sore	fè mal
soready	soready
sorely	gravman
soreness	doulè
sorghum	sorgo
sorority	Sorority
sorrow	lapenn
sorrowful	lapenn
sorry	regrèt
sort	sòt
sorter	NO TRANSLATION
sortie	NO TRANSLATION
sorting	klasman
sos	NO TRANSLATION
soscared	sòsya
soscary	sosyal
soslow	sòs
sostressed	NO TRANSLATION
sosweet	sosweet
sothankful	NO TRANSLATION
sou	NO TRANSLATION
soul	nanm
soulful	soulful
soulless	initil
soulmate	soulmate
sound	son
sounding	kònen klewon
soundness	sonite
soundproof	ensonorize
soundtrack	Soundtrack
soup	soup
sour	tounen
source	sous
sourpuss	sourpuss
south	sid
southbound	sid direksyon
southeast	sidès
southern	sid
southpaw	sidpaw
southwest	sidwès
souvenir	souvni
sovereign	souveren
sovereignty	souverènte
soviet	Sovyetik
sow	plante
soy	soya
soy sauce	sòs soya
soybean	soya
spa	spa
space	espas
spacecraft	lespas
spaceman	Spaceman
spaceship	veso
spacing	espas
spacious	Spacious
spade	Spade
spaghetti	Espageti
spam	Spam
spammers	spame
span	NO TRANSLATION
spandex	spandèks
spaniel	spaniel
spank	pè
spanking	fese
spar	Spar
spare	rezèv
spareribs	spareribs
sparingly	ti kras
spark	pwovoke
sparkle	c klere
sparkling	briyan
sparkly	sparkly
sparring	bòks
sparrow	ti zwazo
sparse	ti kras
spasm	spasm
spastic	spastik
spat	krache
spatial	espasyal
spatter	lase
spatula	spatul
spawn	anjandre
spaz	spaz
speak	pale
speakeasy	speakeasy
speaker	oratè
speakerphone	oratè
speaking	pale
spear	frenn
spec	espèk
special	espesyal
specialist	espesyalis
speciality	espesyalite
specialize	NO TRANSLATION
specially	espesyalman
specialty	espesyalite
specie	NO TRANSLATION
species	espès
specific	espesifik
specification	spesifikasyon
specify	presize
specimen	echantiyon
speck	pwa
speckled	moustik
specs	karakteristik
spectacle	spektak
spectacles	spectacle
spectacular	espektakilè
spectator	spektatè
specter	espektatè
spectral	espektal
spectrometer	spectrometer
spectrophotometer	espektwopotomètr
spectroscopy	espektroskopi
spectrum	spectre
speculate	espekile
speculation	espekilasyon
speculative	spéculatif
speculum	espekil
speech	diskou
speechless	sans
speed	vitès
speedboat	speedboat
speedily	rapidman
speeding	vitès
speedometer	vitèsomètr
speedway	vitès
speedy	rapid
spell	eple
spellbound	epouvantay
spelling	òtograf
spencer	Spencer
spend	pase
spender	pandye
spending	depans
spent	te pase
sperm	espèm
spew	Spew
sphere	esfè
spherical	esferik
sphincter	soutyen
sphinx	sfenks
spic	spic
spice	epis
spicy	pikant
spider	arenyen
spiders	areye
spiffy	spiffy
spigot	eponj
spike	Spike
spiked	spiked
spiky	spiky
spill	devèsman
spillin	NO TRANSLATION
spin	vire
spinach	epina
spinal	epinyè
spindle	koton
spine	kolòn vètebral
spineless	epin
spinner	lawoulèt
spinning	k ap vire
spinster	spinster
spiny	epineux
spiral	espiral
spire	Spire
spirit	Lespri Bondye
spirited	Move lespri
spirits	move lespri
spiritual	espirityèl
spirituality	espirityalite
spit	krache
spite	malgre
spiteful	malgre
spitfire	spitfire
spittoon	spittoon
splash	Splash
splat	splat
splatter	Splatter
spleen	larat
splendid	bèl
splendor	bèl
splice	Splice
spline	spline
splint	sote
splinter	Splinter
split	fann
splitting	divize
splurge	tris
spoil	gate
spoiler	Spòtif
spoiling	gate
spoils	gate
spoke	pale
spoken	pale
spokesman	pòtpawòl
spokesperson	pòtpawòl
sponge	eponge
spongy	eponj
sponsor	patwone
sponsorship	parennaj
spontaneity	espontane
spontaneous	espontane
spoof	parody
spook	Spook
spooky	Spooky
spool	bobin
spoon	kiyè
spoonful	kwiyèr
sporadic	esporadik
spore	espò
sport	espò
sporting	espòtif
sports	espò
sports car	espò machin
sportsman	espòtif
sportsmanship	espò
sportswriter	Espektatè
sporty	espòtif
spot	plas
spotless	tach
spotlight	dokiman Pwen Enpòtan
spotted	tach
spotter	spotter
spotty	tach
spousal	mari oswa madanm
spouse	mari oswa madanm
spout	pwent
sprain	lukse
sprawl	epapiye
spray	espre
spread	gaye
spreader	epè
spree	Spree
spring	prentan
springtime	prentan
sprinkle	voye
sprinkler	awozwa
sprinkling	soup
sprint	Sprint
sprite	Sprite
sprout	boujonnen
spruce	Spruce
spud	Spud
spunk	benyen
spunky	spunky
spur	SPUR
spurious	espirityèl
spurred	te mande
spurt	Spurt
spy	espyon
squabble	squabble
squad	eskwadwon
squadron	eskwadwon
squall	squall
squamous	squamous
squander	gaspiye
square	kare
squash	kalbas
squat	koupi byen
squatter	squatter
squaw	squaw
squawk	squawk
squeak	krak
squeaky	sekrè
squeal	squeal
squealer	squealer
squeamish	prese
squeeze	peze
squeezing	peze
squelch	squelch
squid	kalma
squint	krache
squire	squire
squirm	squirm
squirrel	ekirèy
squirt	enjekte
squish	squish
squishy	squishy
stab	koud
stabbed	kout kouto
stability	estabilite
stabilize	estabilize
stabilizer	estabilizasyon
stable	ki estab
staccato	stakkat
stack	chemine
stadium	estad
staff	anplwaye
stag	malad
stage	etap
stagecoach	stagecoach
stagehand	sèn
stagger	repati
staggering	épouvantabl
stagnant	kowonpi
stagnation	stagnation
staid	kanpe
stain	tach
stained	tache
stainless	Nerjaveèi
stair	eskalye
staircase	eskalye
stairs	mach eskalye
stairway	eskalye
stairwell	eskalye
stake	poto
stakeout	stakeout
stale	rasi
stalemate	anfle
stalk	pye ble
stalker	arseleur
stall	nòmal
stallion	stallion
stalls	depa
stalwart	stalwart
stamina	andirans
stamp	koupon pou achte
stampede	defèt
stance	pozisyon
stand	kanpe
standard	estanda
standardize	estanda
standardized	estanda
standby	sibstiti
standing	kanpe
standoff	kanpe
standpoint	pwendvi
standstill	panno
standup	kanpe
stanza	stanza
staph	staph
staple	diskontinye
stapler	anbouteyaj
star	zetwal
star fruit	zetwal fwi
starboard	starboard
starch	lanmidon
stardom	vedèt
stardust	stardust
stare	gade
starfish	Starfish
stargazing	Stargazing
staring	fikse
stark	fò
starlet	starlet
starlight	zetwal
starling	Starling
starry	etwal
stars	zetwal
starship	veso
start	kòmanse
starter	starter
startle	sote
startled	sezi
startling	sezisman
starvation	grangou
starve	grangou
starved	grangou
starving	mouri grangou
stash	kachèt
stat	stat
state	leta
stately	etwa
statement	deklarasyon
stateroom	kabinè
stateside	Stateside
statesman	Statesman
static	estatik
staticky	NO TRANSLATION
statics	estatik
station	estasyon
stationary	estasyonè
stationery	papye
statistic	estatistik
statistical	estatistik
statistician	estatistik
stator	stator
statuary	estati
statue	estati
statuette	statuette
stature	wo
status	estati
statute	lwa
statutory	legal
staunch	kanpe
stave	Défendu
stay	rete
stayaway	NO TRANSLATION
stayed	rete
stays	rete
stead	kanpe
steadfast	fèm
steady	fiks
steak	tranch
steakhouse	Steakhouse
steal	vòlè
stealing	vòlè
stealth	enfiltrasyon
stealthily	lou
stealthy	enfiltrasyon
steam	vapè
steamboat	veyikil
steamer	vapeur
steaming	vapeur
steamroller	steamroller
steamship	dantèl
steamy	vapè
steel	asye
steep	apik
steeple	steeple
steer	trennen
steering	volan
stellar	gwan distribisyon
stem	tij
stench	fetidite
stencil	pentire
stenographer	stenographer
step	etap
stepdaughter	bèf
stepfather	bòpè
stepmother	bèlmè
steppe	stepik
steps	etap
stepson	pye bwa
stereo	stereo
stereoscopic	stereoskopik
stereotype	stereotip
stereotyped	stereotype
sterile	esteril
sterility	esterilite
sterilize	esterilize
sterling	Sterling
stern	vout
sternum	sternum
steroid	esteroyid
stethoscope	Stethoscope
stew	bouyon
steward	responsab
stewardess	stewardess
stewardship	responsablite
stfu	stfu
stick	baton
sticker	fich
sticking	rete soude
stickler	stickler
stickup	ranmasaj
sticky	kolye
stiff	rèd
stiffen	rèd
stiffness	rèd
stifle	étoufé
stifled	étoufé
stifling	vif
stigma	stigma
stile	NO TRANSLATION
stiletto	etaj
stillbirth	mòtèl
stillborn	fiyanse
stillness	silans
stillwaiting	NO TRANSLATION
stilts	Stilts
stimulant	estimilan
stimulate	ankouraje
stimulating	enteresan
stimulation	eksitasyon
stimulus	estimilis
sting	pike
stinger	stenje
stinging	pike
stingy	chaje
stink	Stink
stinker	Stinker
stinking	santi bon
stinky	stinky
stint	misyonè
stipend	Rémunération
stipulate	presize
stipulation	estipilasyon
stir	brase
stirring	vibran
stitch	Stitch
stitching	asanblaj
stock	stock
stockade	stockade
stockbroker	stockbroker
stockholder	aksyonè
stocking	chosèt
stockings	kostim
stockpile	estoke
stockroom	chanm
stocks	aksyon
stoic	stoik
stole	te vòlè
stolen	yo vòlè
stomach	vant
stomachache	vant fè mal
stomp	stomp
stomped	stomped
stone	wòch
stoned	kout wòch
stonewall	stonewall
stoneware	tij
stony	wòch
stooge	stooge
stool	poupou
stools	ban
stoop	planch
stoopid	stoopid
stop	sispann
stopover	stopover
stoppage	sispann
stopper	bouchon
stopping	kanpe
stopwatch	kronomètra
storage	depo
store	magazen
storefront	devan boutik
storehouse	depo
storeroom	depo
storing	estoke
storm	tanpèt
storming	tanpèt
stormy	tanpèt
story	istwa
storybook	istwa liv
storyteller	Istwa
storytelling	rakonte istwa
stound	tan
stout	byen
stove	fou
stow	stow
stowaway	stowaway
straddle	chire
straight	dwat
straighten	dwat
straightforward	dwat
straightway	tou dwat
strain	souch
strained	egzajere
strait	etwat
straitjacket	straitjacket
straits	tyè
strand	strand
stranded	bloke
strange	etranj
stranger	moun lòt nasyon
strangle	trangle
strangulation	strangulasyon
strap	braslè
strapless	bretèl
strapping	èkstrèmeman
strata	kouch
strategic	estratejik
strategist	stratèj
strategy	estrateji
stratification	stratifikasyon
stratosphere	stratosfè
stratum	stratom
stratus	strat
straw	pay
strawberry	frèz
stray	pèdi
streak	tras
streaked	rèd
stream	kouran
streamer	radyo
streaming	difizyon
streamline	rasyonalize
street	lari
streetcar	lari
streetlight	lari limyè
strength	fòs
strengthen	ranfòse
strengthening	ranfòse
strenuous	konsiderab
strep	Strep
stress	estrès
stressed	ensiste
stresses	ensiste
stressfree	NO TRANSLATION
stressful	estrès
stressin	NO TRANSLATION
stressing	ensistans
stressrelief	NO TRANSLATION
stretch	detire
stretcher	tren an
stricken	antre
strict	strik
stride	stride
strife	kont
strike	grèv
strikeout	strikeout
striker	atakan
striking	frape
strikingly	frape
string	fisèl
strings	strings
stringy	krache
strip	teren
stripe	foule
striped	trase
stripped	dezabiye
stripper	dezabiye
striptease	stritiz
strive	fè efò
strobe	Strobe
stroke	konjesyon serebral
stroll	toune
stroller	pousèt
strolling	balanse
strong	fò
stronghold	gwo fò
strongly	fòtman
structural	estriktirèl
structure	estrikti
strudel	strudèl
struggle	lit
strut	tij
stub	souch
stubbed	anbrase
stubble	boule
stubborn	fè tèt di
stubbornness	tètchaje
stubby	fèb
stucco	boudine
stuck	kole
stuckup	NO TRANSLATION
stud	stud
studded	kloure
student	elèv
studied	etidye
studio	estidyo
study	etid
stuff	bagay
stuffed animal	boure bèt
stuffing	fars
stuffy	bouche
stumble	bite
stump	kòd lonbrik
stumped	stumped
stun	Tounen
stunned	etoudi
stunner	stunner
stunning	sansasyonèl
stunt	Cascade
stunted	rachitik
stuntman	kaskadeur
stupefaction	stupefaction
stupefy	stupefy
stupendous	estipid
stupid	estipid
stupidity	sòt
stupidpeople	NO TRANSLATION
stupidrain	NO TRANSLATION
stupor	stupor
sturdy	solid
sturgeon	vyolan
stutter	anbete
sty	sty
style	style
styling	manier
stylish	élégance
stylist	Stylist
suave	suave
sub	sub
subatomic	Souatomik
subcommittee	soukomite
subconscious	enkonsyan
subcutaneous	sous
subdivide	soudivide
subdivision	Sou-divizyon
subduction	sibduksyon
subdue	anba men
subdued	soumèt li
subdural	anba seksyonèl
subito	NO TRANSLATION
subject	sijè
subjected	sibi
subjection	soumèt li
subjective	subjectif
subjugation	Soumisyon
sublet	sublet
sublevel	sublevel
sublimation	sublimasyon
sublime	Sublime
subliminal	Subliminal
submarine	soumaren
submerge	submerge
submerged	submerged
submersible	submersible
submission	soumèt
submissive	soumisyon
submit	soumèt
submitting	soumèt
subordinate	sibòdone
subordination	soumission
subplot	subplot
subpoena	Konpozisyon
subscribe	abònman
subscriber	abònen
subscription	abònman
subsequence	sipleman
subsequent	apre
subsequently	imedyatman
subservient	Subservient
subset	subset
subside	diminye
subsidence	estabilizasyon
subsidiary	oksilyè
subsidize	sibvansyone
subsidy	sibvansyon
subsist	Sèvi
subsistence	sibsistans
subsoil	onè
subspace	subspace
substance	sibstans
substandard	medyòk
substantial	sibstansyèl
substantially	anpil
substantiate	pwouve
substantive	solid
substation	poste
substitute	ranplase
substituted	ranplase
substitution	sibstitisyon
substructure	soustrikti
subterranean	souterèn
subtext	subtext
subtitle	subtitles
subtle	sibtil
subtlety	sibtilite
subtract	soustraksyon
subtraction	soustraksyon
subtype	subtip
suburb	katye rich
suburban	banlye
suburbia	suburbia
suburbs	tout savann pou bèt yo
subversion	sibvansyon
subversive	sibvèsif
subvert	sibvansyon
subway	tren
succeed	reyisi
succeeding	siksede
success	siksè
successful	siksè
succession	siksesyon
successive	siksesif
successor	siksesè
succinct	ti kras
succubus	sèk
succulent	Siksilan
succumb	mourir
suck	souse
sucker	Pistons
sucking	souse
suckling	tete
sucks	absorb
suction	aspirasyon
sudden	toudenkou
suddenly	toudenkou
suds	suds
sue	fè rele
suede	syèd
suffer	soufri
sufferer	soufri
suffering	soufrans
suffice	sifi
sufficiency	Sifizans
sufficient	ase
sufficiently	ase
suffix	sifiks
suffocate	étoufé
suffocating	étoufan
suffocation	asosiyasyon
sugar	sik
suggest	sijere
suggestion	sijesyon
suggestive	sijestif
suicidal	swisid
suicide	swisid
suicidebombing	NO TRANSLATION
suit	kostim
suitable	apwopriye
suitcase	valiz
suite	suite
suitor	swaf dlo
sulfate	silfat
sulfur	souf
sulk	sulk
sullen	zonbi
sully	sully
sulphur	souf
sultan	sultan
sultry	soufri
sum	sòm
summarily	Summary
summarize	rezoud
summary	rezime
summation	somasyon
summer	ete
summerhouse	ete kay
summertime	pandan ete
summit	somè
summon	konvoke
summons	konklizyon
sumo	sumo
sump	Soti
sumptuous	bon
sun	solèy
sunbeam	sunbeam
sunburn	sunburn
sundae	sundae
sunday	Dimanch
sundial	sundial
sundown	solèy kouche
sundry	divès kalite
sunflower	tounsòl
sunglass	linèt solèy
sunglasses	linèt solèy
sunk	koule
sunken	koule
sunless	sunless
sunlight	limyè solèy
sunny	Sunny
sunrise	solèy leve
sunroof	sunroof
sunscreen	solèy
sunset	solèy kouche
sunshine	solèy
suntan	suntan
sunup	sunup
sup	Sip
super	super
superannuation	Sipèentandan
superb	sipèb
superficial	sipèfisyèl
superfluous	initil
superhero	superhero
superhuman	superhuman
superimposed	supèrpoz
superintendent	sipèentandan
superior	siperyè
superiority	siperyorite
superlative	Sipli
superman	devni selèb
supermarket	makèt
supermodel	supermodel
supernatant	Supernatant
supernatural	Supernatural
supernova	supèrnova
superposition	superposition
superpower	gwo pwisans
supersede	supersede
superstar	sipèsta
superstition	supèrstisyon
superstitious	sipèstisye
superstore	superstore
supervise	sipèvize
supervision	sipèvizyon
supervisor	sipèvizè
supper	manje
suppertime	Sipòtè
supplant	ranbousman
supple	dòmi
supplement	sipleman
supplemental	siplemantè
supplementary	siplemantè
supplication	siplikasyon
supplier	founisè
supplies	founiti
supply	ekipman pou
support	sipò
supported	sipòte
supporter	sipòtè
supporters	sipòtè yo
supporting	sipòte
supportive	sipò
suppose	sipoze
supposed	sipoze
supposing	Ann sipoze
supposition	sipozisyon
suppress	siprime
suppression	repwesyon
supremacy	Sipremasi
supreme	sipwèm
supremely	Siprèmman
surcharge	surcharge
sure	asire w
surety	Sekirite
surf	navige
surface	sifas
surfboard	surfboard
surfer	surfe
surge	vag
surgeon	Chirijyen
surgery	operasyon
surgical	chirijikal
surly	mal
surmise	surmise
surname	ti non
surpassing	depase
surplus	sipli
surprise	sipriz
surprised	etone
surprises	supriz
surprising	etone
surprisingly	etonan
surreal	sureèl
surrender	al rann tèt
surrendering	rann tèt
surrogate	ranplasan
surround	antoure
surrounding	ki antoure
surroundings	anviwònman
surveillance	siveyans
survey	sondaj la
surveying	fè sondaj sou
surveyor	Surveyor
survival	siviv
survive	siviv
surviving	siviv
survivor	sivivan
susceptibility	sansiblite
susceptible	sansib
sushi	susi
suspect	sispèk
suspected	sispèk
suspend	sispann
suspended	sispann
suspenders	chanday
suspense	sispansyon
suspension	sispansyon
suspicion	sispek
suspicions	sispèk yo
suspicious	sispèk
sustain	soutni
sustained	soutni
sustenance	aliman
suture	suture
suv	suv
sux	NO TRANSLATION
swab	prelèvman
swag	swag
swagger	swagger
swallow	vale
swami	swami
swamp	marekaj
swamped	mare
swampy	swampy
swan	Swan
swank	swank
swap	swap
swarm	swarm
swarming	swarming
swastika	swastika
swat	swat
sway	choute
swear	fè sèman
swearing	fè sèman
sweat	swe
sweater	chanday
sweating	swe
sweatshirt	sweatshirt
sweatshop	sweatshop
sweaty	pike
sweep	bale
sweeper	baleyèt
sweeping	bale
sweet	dous
sweeten	sikre
sweetened	sikre
sweetener	sik
sweetest	Sweetest
sweetheart	amoure
sweetie	Sweetie
sweetness	dous
sweets	bagay dous
swell	anfle
swelling	anfle
sweltering	sweltering
swerve	sere
swift	rapid
swiftly	rapidman
swig	swig
swill	swill
swim	naje
swimmer	mouye
swimming	naje
swimsuit	chòtdeben
swindle	èskrokri
swindler	pirat
swine	kochon
swing	balanse
swinger	swinger
swinging	balanse
swipe	glise
swirl	toubiyon
swish	swish
switch	chanje
switchblade	switchblade
switchboard	switchboard
swivel	Swivel
swollen	anfle
swoon	swoon
swoop	plongée
sword	nepe
swordfish	nepe
swordplay	Swadizan
swordsman	epe
sycamore	sikomò
syllable	silab
syllabus	silab
symbiotic	senbyotik
symbol	senbòl
symbolic	senbolik
symbolically	senbolik
symbolism	Symbolism
symbolize	senbolize
symmetric	simetrik
symmetrical	simetrik
symmetry	simetri
sympathetic	senpatik
sympathize	senpatize
sympathy	senpati
symphonic	senfoni
symphony	Symphony
symposium	senpozyòm
symptom	sentòm
symptomatic	sentòm
synagogue	sinagòg
synapse	synapse
synaptic	synaptik
sync	senkronize
synchronize	senkroniz
synchronous	synchrone
syncope	senkop
syndicate	Syndicate
syndrome	sendwòm
synergistic	Synergist
synergy	sinèrji
synod	synod
synonym	sinonim
synonymous	synonym
synopsis	Rezime
synoptic	synoptik
syntax	Sentaks
synthesis	sentèz
synthesizer	sentèz
synthetic	sentetik
syphilis	sifilis
syringe	sereng
syrup	siwo
system	sistèm
systematic	sistematik
systematically	sistematik
t-shirt	Mayo
tab	tab
tabasco	tabasko
tabby	tabby
tabernacle	kay la
table	tab
tableau	NO TRANSLATION
tablecloth	nap
tablespoon	gwo kiyè
tablet	grenn
tableware	tabliye
tabloid	tablo
taboo	tabou
tabular	tabilè
tabulate	tabli
tabulation	tabulasyon
tachometer	Tachomèt
tacit	elatriye
tack	tack
tackle	atake
tackled	tackled
tackling	abòde
tacky	tacky
taco	tako
tact	kontakte
tactful	taktik
tactic	taktik
tactical	taktik
tactics	taktik
tactile	taktil
tad	NO TRANSLATION
tadpole	tadpole
taffeta	taffeta
taffy	taffy
tag	tag
tail	ke
tailed	tailed
tailgate	taygat
tailings	deche
taillight	limyè
tailor	tayè
tailoring	adapte
tailpipe	tiyo
taint	taint
take	pran
takeoff	dekole
takeout	ekout
takeover	kontwòl
taker	taker
talcum	pale
tale	istwa
talent	talan
talented	talan
talisman	talisman
talk	pale
talkative	bavar
talker	paleur
tall	wotè
tallies	talli
tallow	wotè
tally	tally
talon	talon
talons	NO TRANSLATION
tambourine	tanbou
tame	NO TRANSLATION
tamer	tirè
taming	konte
tamper	malad
tampon	Tampon
tan	tan
tandem	tandem
tang	tang
tangent	tanjant
tangerine	Tangerine
tangible	tanjib
tangle	mele
tangled	anmele
tango	tango
tank	tank
tank top	tank tèt
tanker	tanker
tanned	ate
tantalizing	tantalizing
tantamount	tantamount
tantrum	kòlè
taoism	mizilman
tap	tiyo
tape	kasèt
tape measure	kasèt mezi
taper	taper
tapering	diminye
tapestry	Tapisri
tapeworm	tapi
tapioca	tapioca
taps	wobinè
tar	goudwon
tarantula	tarantula
tardiness	reta
tardy	reta
target	sib
targeted	vize
targeting	vize
tariff	tarif yo
tarmac	tarmac
tarnish	tanpri
tarot	tarot
tarp	NO TRANSLATION
tarry	rete tann
tart	brak
tartan	tartan
tartar	tartar
task	travay
tassel	pèl
taste	gou
tasteful	gou
tasteless	san gou
tasting	gou
tasty	bon gou
tat	tat
tattler	tattler
tattletale	tattletale
tattoo	tatoo
taught	anseye
taunt	fawouche
taupe	taupe
taut	taut
tavern	tavèrn
tawdry	tawdry
tawny	tawny
tax	taks
taxed	papye ekri
taxi	taksi
taxicab	taxicab
taxonomy	taksonomi
taxpayer	kontribyab
tea	te
teach	anseye
teacher	pwofesè
teaching	anseye
teacup	teacup
teahouse	teahouse
teal	teal
team	ekip
teamjesus	NO TRANSLATION
teammate	koekipyèr
teamwork	travay ann ekip
teapot	teyèr
tear	dechire
tearful	chajeuz
tearsofjoy	NO TRANSLATION
teary	teary
tease	toumante
teaser	teaser
teasing	Anmède
teaspoon	ti kiyè
teat	teat
teatime	teatime
tech	teknoloji
technical	teknik
technicality	Teknikite
technician	teknisyen
technique	teknik
techno	teknolojik
technological	teknolojik
technology	teknoloji
ted	ted
teddy bear	Teddy lous
tedious	fatigan
tedium	tedyom
tee	te
teeming	teeming
teen	jèn timoun
teenage	jèn
teenager	tinedjè
teens	jèn
teensy	jèn timoun
teeny	jèn
teeth	dan
teething	dantisyon
teflon	teflon
telegram	telegram
telegraph	telegraph
telekinesis	telekinesis
telemetry	telemetri
telepathic	telepatik
telepathy	telepati
telephone	telefòn
telescope	teleskòp
telescopic	teleskopik
telethon	telethon
teletype	teletip
televised	televize
television	televizyon
tell	di
teller	Teller
telling	di
telltale	tèl
temp	temp
temper	tanperaman
tempera	tanpera
temperament	tanperaman
temperamental	tanperaman
temperance	tanperans
temperate	tanpere
temperature	tanperati
tempered	tanperaman
tempest	tanpèt
template	modèl
temple	tanp
tempo	NO TRANSLATION
temporal	tanporèl
temporarily	tanporèman
temporary	tanporè
tempt	tante
temptation	tantasyon
tempting	tante
temptress	temptè
ten	dis
tenable	non
tenacious	obstak
tenacity	Tenacity
tenancy	lokasyon
tenant	lokatè
tend	gen tandans
tendency	tandans
tender	sansib
tenderfoot	sansib
tenderness	tandrès
tending	okipe
tendon	tandon
tenement	lokasyon
tenet	prensip
tenets	prensip
tenfold	Dix
tennis	tenis
tenor	tenor
tense	tansyon
tensile	tansyon
tension	tansyon
tent	tant
tentacle	Tantakèl
tentative	Tantativ
tenth	dizyèm
tenths	dizyèm
tenuous	mal
tenure	latè
tepee	tepee
tepid	tepid
tequila	tequila
teriyaki	teriyaki
term	tèm
terminal	tèminal
terminate	mete fen nan
termination	revokasyon
terminator	Terminator
terminology	tèminoloji
terminus	tèminal
termite	termite
terms	tèm
tern	tern
ternary	ternary
terrace	teras
terrain	tèren
terrestrial	terrestres
terrible	terib
terribly	fò anpil
terrier	terrier
terrific	formidable
terrified	pè anpil
terrifies	terib
terrify	pè
terrifying	tèt chaje
territorial	teritoryal
territory	teritwa
terror	pè
terrorism	teworis
terrorist	teworis
terrorists	teroris
terrorize	teworize
terse	terse
tertiary	Tètyè
test	tès
testament	kontra Bondye
testicle	tèstikul
testicular	testikul
testify	temwaye
testimonial	temwayaj
testimony	temwayaj
testosterone	testostewòn
testy	NO TRANSLATION
tetanus	tetanòs
tether	arèt
tethered	antere
tetrahedral	tetrahedral
text	tèks
textbook	liv
textile	twal
textural	tèkstural
texture	teksti
tgif	tgif
thank	Mèsi
thankful	rekonesan
thankgod	mèsi Bondye
thanking	remèsye
thankless	engredyan
thanks	mèsi
thanksalot	NO TRANSLATION
thanksgiving	di Bondye mèsi
thankyougod	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoujesus	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoulord	NO TRANSLATION
thatch	kouch
thatmoment	NO TRANSLATION
thaumaturgy	thaumaturgy
thaw	Dejèl
theater	teyat
theatrical	teyat
theatrics	teyat
thebest	pi bon an
theft	vòl
theism	teyism
theistic	teyat
thelife	thelife
thelittlethings	NO TRANSLATION
theme	tèm
theocracy	teyokrasi
theocratic	teyokratik
theologian	teyolojyen
theological	teolojik
theology	teyoloji
theorem	teyorèm
theoretical	teyorik
theory	teyori
therapeutic	terapetik
therapeutics	terapetik
therapist	terapis
therapy	terapi
thereabouts	isit la
thereof	ladan l '
therewith	Se poutèt sa
thermal	tèmik
thermocouple	tèrmokòl
thermodynamics	tèmodinamik
thermometer	tèmomèt
thermos	tèrm
thermostat	tèmostat
thesaurus	tesaurus
thesis	tèz
thick	pwès
thicken	epesè
thickening	epesman
thicket	epè
thickness	epesè
thief	vòlè
thigh	kwis pye
thimble	bag
thin	mens
thing	bagay
things	bagay yo
thingy	bagay
think	panse
thinker	panse
thinking	panse
third	twazyèm
thirds	tyè
thirst	swaf dlo
thirsty	swaf dlo
thirteen	trèz
thirteenth	trèzyèm
thirty	trant
thistle	pikan
thither	isit la
thong	thong
thorn	pikan
thorny	litijyeu
thorough	bonjan
thoroughbred	soutyen
thoroughfare	wout
thought	te panse
thoughtful	reflechi
thoughtfulness	konsiderasyon
thoughtless	panse
thoughts	panse
thousand	mil
thrash	Thrash
thread	fil
threat	menas
threaten	menase
threatened	menase
threatening	menase
three	twa
threefold	triplet
threesome	triyo
thresh	twou
threshold	papòt
thrice	twa fwa
thrift	Eseye
thrifty	ékonomik
thrill	frison
thrilled	frisonen
thriller	komdi
thrilling	sezisman
thrive	boujonnen
thriving	pwospere
throat	gòj
throb	pouse
throbbing	vibran
throes	tris
throne	twòn
throng	foul
throttle	gaz
throw	voye jete
throwback	throwback
thrower	lans
thrown	jete
thrush	grangou
thrust	vyolans
thruster	tronpe
thud	thud
thug	thug
thumb	gwo pous
thumbprint	thumbprint
thump	fwèt
thumper	tòmè
thumping	eponj
thunder	loraj
thunderbolt	loraj
thunderclap	loraj
thundering	loraj
thunderstorm	tanpèt loraj
thunderstruck	thunderstruck
thwart	blese
thx	mèsi
thyme	tim
thyroid	tiwoyid
tiara	tiara
tibia	tibya
tic	tik
tick	tik
ticked	koche
ticker	revèy
ticket	tikè
tickle	satisfe
tickled	chen
ticklish	ticklish
tidal	mare
tidal wave	vag mare
tidbit	tidbit
tide	mare
tidings	nouvèl
tidy	pwòp
tie	mare
tier	niveau
tiff	tif
tiger	tig
tighten	sere boulon
tightness	sere
tightrope	tightrope
tights	kolan
tilde	ale
tile	mozayik
tiling	mozayik
till	NO TRANSLATION
tillage	kolye
tiller	tiller
tilt	enklinezon
tilting	baskile
timber	bwa
timberland	Timberland
timbre	timbre
time	tan
timeless	timeless
timeliness	tanporè
timely	alè
timeout	Timeout
timepiece	tanp
timer	revèy
times	fwa
timetable	orè
timewasters	NO TRANSLATION
timid	timid
timidity	timidite
timing	distribisyon
tin	NO TRANSLATION
tincture	Texture
tine	NO TRANSLATION
tinfoil	tinfoil
tinge	tinge
tingle	kouple
tingling	pikotman
tinker	Tinker
tinkering	brikolaj
tinkle	NO TRANSLATION
tinkling	tinkling
tinnitus	tinnitus
tinsel	lenn
tint	tente
tiny	ti
tip	pwent
tipper	tipper
tipster	pwent
tipsy	pwent
tiptoe	tiptoe
tirade	tirade
tire	kawotchou
tired	fatige
tiredness	fatigasyon
tiredofit	NO TRANSLATION
tireless	san rete
tiresome	kouran
tiring	fatigan
tissue	tisi
tistheseason	NO TRANSLATION
tit	tit
titan	Titàn
titanic	Titik
titanium	Titàn
tithe	dis
title	Tit
titled	ki gen tit
titty	titi
titular	NO TRANSLATION
toad	krapo
toast	pen griye
toaster	toaster
toasty	toasty
tobacco	tabak
toby	Tab
tod	lanmò
today	jodi a
toddler	timoun piti
toe	zòtèy
toenail	toenail
toffee	toffee
tofu	tofou
toga	NO TRANSLATION
together	ansanm
togetherness	ansanm
toil	travay
toilet	twalèt
toils	travay
token	siy
tolerable	tolere
tolerance	tolerans
tolerant	toleran
tolerate	tolere
toleration	tolerans
toll	peyaj
tomahawk	tomahawk
tomato	tomat
tomatoes	tomat
tomb	kavo
tombstone	tonb
tomcat	tomcat
tome	pou mwen
tomorrow	demen
ton	NO TRANSLATION
tone	ton
toner	toner
tong	NO TRANSLATION
tongs	zong
tongue	lang
tonic	Tonik
tonnage	tonnage
tonsils	amidal
toocold	NO TRANSLATION
tool	zouti
toolbox	bwat zouti
tooling	zouti
toomuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
toot	toot
tooth	dan
toothache	malad
toothbrush	bwòs dan
toothed	dantle
toothless	zantray
toothpaste	dantifris
toothpick	toothpick
toots	toots
top	tèt
topaz	topaz
topic	sijè
topical	aktyèl
topless	topless
topographic	topografik
topographical	topografik
topography	relijyon
topple	topple
topside	tèt
tor	Tor
torch	flanbo
torment	touman
tormented	soufri
torn	chire
tornado	tònad
torpedo	Tòpiyè
torque	koupl
torrent	torrent
torrid	torrid
torsion	Torsion
torso	torso
tort	tòt
tortious	tòti
tortoise	Tòti
tortuous	tortuous
torture	tòti
tortured	tòtire
toss	voye
tot	NO TRANSLATION
total	total
totality	totalite
totally	totalman
tote	Tote
totem	totèm
touch	manyen
touchdown	Aterisaj
touched	manyen
touching	manyen
touchy	manyen
tough	difisil
toughen	sere
toughness	andirans
toupee	toupee
tour	vwayaj
tourism	touris
tourist	touris
tourmaline	tourmalin
tournament	tounwa
tourniquet	tourniquet
tout	NO TRANSLATION
tow	tow
towel	sèvyèt
tower	gwo kay won
towering	imans
town	vil
townhouse	Homes
township	vil
townspeople	sitaden
toxic	toksik
toxicity	toksisite
toxicology	toksikolojik
toxin	toksin
toy	jwèt
toymaker	Toymaker
trace	trase
traceable	traceable
tracer	traser
traces	tras
trachea	trachea
tracing	trase
track	tras
tracker	tracker
tract	aparèy
tractable	aparèy
traction	traction
tractor	traktè
trade	komès
trademark	trademark
trader	machann vann
tradesman	komèsan
trading	komès
tradition	tradisyon
traditional	tradisyonèl
traffic	trafik
traffic light	limyè trafik
trafficking	trafik
tragedies	trajedi yo
tragedy	trajedi
tragic	trajik
trail	santye
trailer	trelè
train	tren
train set	tren mete
trained	ki antrene
trainee	trainee
trainer	antrenè
training	fòmasyon
trait	karakteristik
traitor	trayi
traitorous	trètr
trajectory	trajectoire
tram	bèn
tramp	vagabon
trample	trample
trampoline	tranpolin
tramway	Tramway
trance	vizyon
tranquil	trankil
tranquility	trankilite
tranquilizer	tranquilizer
transact	tranzaksyon
transaction	tranzaksyon
transatlantic	transatlantik
transceiver	transceiver
transcend	transandan
transcendence	transandans
transcendent	transandan
transcendental	transandantal
transcribe	transkri
transcriber	transcriber
transcript	transkripsyon
transcription	transcription
transfer	transfè
transference	transfè
transferred	transfere
transfixed	transfiks
transform	transfòme
transformation	Transfòmasyon
transformer	transfòmatè
transfusion	transfizyon
transgression	transgresyon
transient	transient
transistor	transistor
transit	transpò piblik
transition	tranzisyon
transitional	tranzisyonèl
transitive	transitif
transitory	transitory
translate	tradwi
translation	tradiksyon
translator	tradiktè
translocation	transfòmasyon
translucent	transluzan
transmission	transmisyon
transmit	transmèt
transmitter	transmetè
transmutation	transmisyon
transom	transom
transparency	transparans
transparent	transparan
transplant	transplantasyon
transplantation	transplantasyon
transponder	transponder
transport	transpò
transportation	transpò
transporter	transporteur
transpose	transpose
transposition	transpozisyon
transsexual	transsèksuèl
transverse	transverse
transvestite	transvestite
trap	pèlen
trapdoor	trapdoor
trapeze	trapeze
trapped	bloke
trapper	trapper
trapping	pyèj
trappings	pyèj
traps	pyèj
trash	fatra
trashy	trashy
trauma	chòk
traumatic	twomatik
travail	NO TRANSLATION
travel	vwayaj
traveler	vwayajè
traveling	vwayaje
traverse	Traverse
travesty	travesti
trawl	trawl
trawler	Trawler
tray	plato
treacherous	trèt
treachery	treachery
tread	kraze
treadmill	tapi
treason	trayizon
treasure	trezò
treasured	trezò
treasurer	trezorye
treasures	trezò
treasury	trezò
treat	trete
treatable	tretman
treatise	trete
treatment	tretman
treaty	trete
treble	treble
tree	pyebwa
trees	pyebwa
trek	charyo
trellis	treyi
tremble	tranble
trembling	tranble kou fèy bwa
tremendous	fòmidab
tremendously	anpil
tremor	tranbleman
trench	tranche
trend	tandans
trending	tandans
trendy	grandyoz e dènye modèl
trepidation	trepidasyon
trespass	enfimite
triad	triyad
triage	triyaj
trial	jijman
triangle	triyang
triangular	triyangilè
triangulate	triyangul
triathlon	triyatlon
tribal	tribal
tribe	branch fanmi an
tribulation	tribilasyon
tribunal	tribinal la
tribune	tribin
tributary	tributary
tribute	peye lajan taks
trick	Trick
trickery	tris
trickle	rantre
trickster	Trickster
tricky	difisil
tricycle	twotwa
trident	tridan
trifle	gaspiye
trifling	trifling
trig	Trig
trigger	deklanche
trigonometry	trigonometri
trillion	billions
trilogy	Trilogie
trim	taye
trimester	trimès
trimmer	régler
trimming	rediksyon
trine	Trine
trinity	Trinite
trinket	Bannann
trio	Trio
trip	vwayaj
tripartite	tripartit
tripe	tripe
triple	trip
triplet	triplèt
triplicate	triplicate
tripod	Vrtilni
tripping	tripping
trite	trite
tritium	tritium
triumph	triyonf
triumphant	triyonfan
trivia	Trivia
trivial	trivial
troll	trol
trolley	Trolley
trombone	tronbòn
troop	twoup
trooper	trooper
troops	twoup yo
trophy	twofe
tropic	twopik
tropical	twopikal
tropics	twopik
trot	trot
trouble	pwoblèm
troubled	boulvèse
troublemaker	troublemaker
troubles	pwoblèm
troublesome	anbarasman
trough	depresyon
troupe	troup
trousers	pantalon
trout	trout
trowel	gach
truce	Trèv
truck	kamyon
trucker	kamyoneur
truckload	kamyon
truculent	trikulan
true	Vrè
truelove	Vrè lanmou
truffle	trufyèr
truism	relijyon
trump	Trump
trumpet	twonpèt
trumpeter	Trumpeter
truncate	tronke
truncated	tronkonke
trundle	tranch
trunk	kòf
truss	ranfòse
trust	konfyans
trustee	administratè yo
trusting	mete konfyans
trustworthy	konfyans
trusty	konfyans
truth	verite
truthful	verite
truthfulness	verite
try	eseye
tryout	eseye
tryouts	eseye
tsunami	tsounami
tub	basen
tuba	tuba
tubby	tubby
tube	tib
tuberculosis	tibèkiloz
tubing	tib
tubular	Echafodaj
tubule	tibòl
tuck	Tuck
tucker	tucker
tuesday	madi
tufted	tufted
tug	Tug
tugboat	tugboat
tuition	ekolaj
tulip	tulip
tumble	tumble
tumbler	NO TRANSLATION
tumbleweed	tumbweed
tummy	vant
tumor	timè
tumour	timè
tumult	tumult
tumultuous	tumultuous
tun	NO TRANSLATION
tuna	ton
tunable	tunable
tune	melodi
tunic	tunic
tuning	akor
tunnel	tinèl
turban	benyen
turbidity	turbidik
turbine	turbin
turbo	turbo
turbulence	tourbiyon
turbulent	ajite
turd	turd
turf	tèritwa
turkey	kodenn
turmeric	turmeric
turmoil	toumant
turn	vire
turnaround	rotation
turned	vire
turning	vire
turnip	Navèt
turnkey	En
turnoff	NO TRANSLATION
turnout	asanble
turnover	woulman
turnpike	Turnpike
turntable	planche
turpentine	terebantin
turquoise	turkwaz
turret	tourèl
turtle	tòti
turtleneck	turtleneck
tussle	tussle
tutelage	tutèl
tutor	tutor
tutoring	leson patikilye
tutu	tutu
tux	tux
tuxedo	Tuxedo
tv	televizyon
twain	twain
twat	konba
twats	twats
tweak	tweak
tweed	tweed
tweet	tweet
tweezers	Pensèt
twelfth	douzyèm
twelve	douz
twentieth	ventyèm
twenty	ven
twerp	tèt
twig	jimo
twilight	solèy kouche
twill	tise
twin	jimo
twine	tiyo
twinge	goumen
twinkle	twinkle
twins	jimo
twirl	twirl
twist	tòde
twisted	trese
twister	twiste
twit	konbine
twitch	kontraksyon
twitching	twitching
twitchy	twitchy
two	de
two step	de etap
twofaced	NO TRANSLATION
twofold	twofold
twosome	twosome
tycoon	tycoon
tyke	tyke
type	kalite
typewriter	typewriter
typhoid	tifoyid
typhoon	typhoon
typical	tipik
typically	tipikman
typist	tipist
typo	tipo
typography	tipografi
tyrannical	tirannik
tyranny	tirani
tyrant	tiran
tyre	kawotchou
ubiquitous	omniprésente
ubiquity	omniprésente
ugliness	lestomak
ugly	lèd
uhoh	NO TRANSLATION
ukulele	ukulele
ulcer	ilsè
ulterior	otèl
ultimate	ultim
ultimately	finalman
ultimatum	iltimatòm
ultimo	NO TRANSLATION
ultrasound	ultrasound
ultraviolet	iltravyolè
umbilical	lonbran
umbra	umbra
umbrella	parapli
umpire	abitrè
umpteen	umpteen
unabashed	unabashed
unabated	non
unable	kapab
unacceptable	akseptab
unaccompanied	san konpayon
unaccountable	inaktif
unaccounted	poko peye
unacknowledged	unacknowledged
unadulterated	unadulterated
unaffected	afekte
unafraid	unafraid
unaided	unaided
unaltered	inaltere
unambiguous	ékivok
unanimity	inanimite
unanimous	alawonnbadè
unanimously	unaniment
unannounced	anonse
unanswered	san repons
unanticipated	unanticipated
unappreciated	pa gen rekonesans
unapproved	pa apwouve
unarmed	san zam
unassisted	unassisted
unassuming	dezagreyab
unattached	pa jwenn
unattainable	irealizabl
unattended	poukont li
unattractive	désagréable
unauthorized	san otorizasyon
unavailable	disponib
unavoidable	inevitab
unaware	pa konnen
unbalanced	dezekilib
unbearable	ensipòtab
unbeatable	inegalabl
unbeaten	unbeaten
unbecoming	san rete
unbelief	enkredilite
unbelievable	enkwayab
unbiased	san patipri
unborn	ki poko fèt
unbound	san konte
unbounded	san limit
unbreakable	unbreakable
unbridled	unbridled
unbroken	bien
unbutton	unbutton
uncalled	uncalled
uncanny	komik
uncaring	enkarnasyon
uncensured	NO TRANSLATION
uncertain	ensèten
uncertainty	ensèten
unchallenged	rèd
unchangeable	imuiabl
unchanged	chanje
uncharted	make
uncherished	NO TRANSLATION
uncivilized	civilized
unclaimed	reklame
uncle	tonton
unclean	malad
unclear	klè
uncomfortable	alèz
uncommon	estraòdinè
uncommonly	estraòdinè
uncomplicated	senp
uncompromising	konpwomi
unconcerned	san konsyans
unconditional	enkondisyonèl
unconfirmed	konfirme
unconnected	ki pa konekte
unconscionable	konseye
unconscious	san konesans
unconsciousness	san konesans
unconstitutional	konstitisyonèl
unconstrained	san konsyans
uncontested	kontwole
uncontrollable	enkontwolab
uncontrolled	san kontwòl
unconventional	orijinal
unconvinced	konvenki
unconvincing	konvenkan
uncooked	kwit
uncooperative	enkooperativ
uncorrelated	san koripsyon
uncouth	enkwayab
uncover	dekouvwi
uncritical	kritik
uncut	non
undead	ondèd
undecided	deside
undefeated	undefeated
undefined	endefini
undeniable	ka nye
underage	minè
underbelly	anbabelly
undercover	sivil
undercurrent	anba sikilasyon
underdog	pèrdan
underestimate	underestimate
undergo	sibi
undergraduate	bakaloreya
underground	anba tè
underhanded	sont
underlay	underlay
underlie	soulaje
underline	souliye
underlying	kache
undermine	mine
undermined	febli
underneath	anba
underpaid	peye
underpants	bè
underprivileged	enteresan
underrated	mele
underscore	souliye
undersea	maren
undersecretary	akersekretè
undersized	andersized
understaffed	enbesil
understand	konprann
understandable	konprann
understanding	konpreyansyon
understatement	egzateman
understood	konprann
understudy	konprann
undertake	antreprann
undertaker	antreprann
undertaking	antreprann
undertow	antreprann
underwear	Souvètman
underwood	anba tè
underworld	millieu
underwrite	souskri
underwriter	souswriter
undeserved	san danje
undesirable	endezirab
undesired	endepandan
undetectable	detektab
undetected	detèkte
undetermined	Etetermined
undeveloped	endepandan
undignified	endirèkteman
undirected	andire
undisclosed	andisclosed
undiscovered	enkoni
undisputed	enkonpetan
undisturbed	trankil
undivided	divize
undo	retire li
undoing	dezòd
undoubted	san dout
undress	dezabiye
undressed	dezabiye
undue	souke
undying	onè
unearned	unearned
unearth	non
uneasiness	enkyetid
uneasy	alèz
uneducated	enkult
unemployed	pap travay
unemployment	chomaj
unencumbered	unencumbered
unending	unending
unequal	inegal
unequalled	inegal
unequivocal	inekivok
unequivocally	kèlkonk
unethical	imoral
uneven	inegal
uneventful	san mank
unexpected	inatandi
unexpectedly	san atann
unexplainable	inèksplikabl
unexplained	san rezon
unexplored	enkonu
unfailing	unfailing
unfair	enjis
unfairness	enjistis
unfaithful	enfidèl
unfamiliar	abitye
unfavorable	favorab
unfeeling	enkonu
unfettered	enfini
unfinished	fini
unfit	enkonpetan
unflinching	enflinching
unfold	s'étandr
unfollow	unfollow
unforeseen	enprevi
unforgettable	inoubliyab
unforgivable	enpardab
unforgiving	enpitwayabl
unfortunate	malere
unfortunately	malerezman
unfounded	enjustifye
unfreeze	déblotché
unfriendly	frwa
unfulfilled	unfulfilled
unfurnished	meble
unglued	unlued
ungodly	mechan
ungrateful	enkwayab
unguarded	ensousyan
unhand	NO TRANSLATION
unhappiness	malè
unhappy	kontan
unharmed	blese
unhealthy	malsen
unheard	etranj
unhelpful	pa fasil
unhindered	san kontrent
unholy	pwofàn
unhook	unhook
unicorn	likorn
unidentified	idantifye
unification	inifikasyon
unified	inifye
uniform	inifòm
uniformed	inifòm
uniformity	inifòmite
uniformly	inifòm
unimaginable	inimajinabl
unimpeachable	inevitable
unimpeached	unimpeached
unimportant	ki pa enpòtan
unimpressed	enpresyone
unimproved	unimproved
uninfected	enfim
uninformed	Uninformed
uninhabited	dezole
uninitiated	san mank
uninspired	san enspire
unintelligible	enkonpreansibl
unintended	entansyonel
unintentional	envolontè
unintentionally	envolontèman
uninterested	san enterè
uninteresting	entérésan
uninterrupted	san enteripsyon
uninvited	Uninvited
union	sendika
unique	inik
unisex	UNISEX
unison	UNISON
unit	inite
unitary	inite
unite	ini
united	ini
unity	inite
universal	inivèsèl
universality	inivèsalite
universe	linivè
university	inivèsite
unjust	enjis
unjustifiable	enjistifyab
unjustified	enjistifyab
unkind	mal
unknowable	enkonsyan
unknown	enkoni
unlawful	ilegal
unleash	debouche
unlicensed	unlicensed
unlike	kontrèman
unlikely	fasil
unlimited	san limit
unlisted	non
unload	dechaje
unloaded	desele
unlock	déblotché
unlucky	malè
unmanageable	dificil
unmanned	sans
unmarked	non
unmarried	marye
unmask	demann
unmatched	depaman
unmistakable	ékokè
unmitigated	unmitigated
unmoved	unmoved
unnamed	nonmen non
unnatural	anòmal
unnecessary	nesesè
unneeded	inneded
unnoticed	inapèsi
unnumbered	unnumbered
unobserved	Unobserved
unobstructed	dezobeyi
unobtrusive	negosyasyon
unoccupied	san rete
unofficial	ofisyèl
unopened	san rete
unopposed	san rete
unordered	unordered
unorganised	òganize
unorganized	òganize
unorthodox	Òtodòks
unpack	anpile
unpaid	san peye
unparalleled	unik
unpleasant	dezagreyab
unpleasantness	dezagreyab
unplug	deploge
unplugged	unplugged
unpopular	popilè
unprecedented	san parèy
unpredictable	enprevi
unprepared	prepare
unpretentious	modestes
unproductive	enproduktiv
unprofessional	amateur
unprofitable	rantabilite
unprotected	san pwoteksyon
unproven	enproven
unprovoked	unprovoked
unpublished	pibliye
unpunished	pini
unqualified	kalifye
unquestionable	endepandab
unquestionably	endepandan
unquestioned	san konte
unquote	non
unravel	débouyé
unreachable	inegalabl
unread	non
unreal	reyèl
unrealistic	ireyèl
unreasonable	san rezon
unrecorded	unrecorded
unregistered	anrejistre
unregulated	reglemante
unrelated	ki gen rapò
unrelenting	inplakabl
unreliable	enfidèl
unremarkable	unremarkable
unrepentant	pa repanti
unrequited	unrequited
unresolved	ki pako rezoud
unresponsive	san respè
unrest	ajitasyon
unrestrained	éfréné
unrestricted	san restriksyon
unromantic	unromantic
unruly	dezòd
unsafe	an sekirite
unsanitary	sanitè
unsatisfactory	satisfezan
unsatisfied	satisfè
unsavory	pa fasil
unscathed	eparye
unscheduled	inprévu
unscientific	unscientific
unscrew	eskive
unscrupulous	ki malonèt
unseat	Unseat
unseen	invizibl
unselfish	endepandan
unsettled	enstab
unsightly	disgrasyeu
unsolicited	espontaneman
unsolved	suspann
unsophisticated	ranfòse
unsound	ensolan
unspeakable	endèskriptibl
unspecified	non espesifye
unspoken	Unspoken
unstable	enstab
unsteady	san rete
unstoppable	irézistibl
unsuccessful	san siksè
unsuitable	inoporten
unsung	òneman
unsupervised	san sipèvizyon
unsupported	pa sipòte
unsure	san danje
unsurpassed	surpase
unsuspecting	mefyan
unsustainable	durabl
unsweetened	san sik
unsympathetic	inisyativ
untamed	untamed
untenable	kontinyèl
untested	konteste
unthinkable	inkonu
untidy	dezòd
untie	ale
untimely	premature
untitled	Untitled
untold	inonbrabl
untouchable	inkonu
untouched	intact
untoward	untoward
untraceable	untraceable
untrained	untrained
untranslated	untranslated
untroubled	endispoze
untrue	non
untrustworthy	danjere
unturned	briye
unused	rès
unusual	etranj
unusually	trè
unutterable	unutterable
unveil	revele
unveiling	inogirasyon
unverified	verifye
unwanted	vle
unwarranted	enjistifyab
unwary	pa vle
unwashed	wouj
unwavering	enkondisyonèl
unwed	unwed
unwelcome	unwelcome
unwell	souke
unwilling	pa vle
unwillingly	pa vle
unwillingness	réticence
unwind	detant
unwise	saj
unwitting	envolontè
unwittingly	envolontèman
unworthy	danjere
unwrap	anvlope
unwritten	ekri
unyielding	unyielding
unzip	ouvèti
upbeat	upbeat
upbringing	levasyon
upcoming	k ap vini
update	aktyalizasyon
upgrade	ajou
upheaval	chanjman
uphill	difisil
uphold	kenbe
upholstery	amebleman
upkeep	antretyen
upland	upland
uplands	uplands
uplift	monte
uplifting	relèvman
uplink	uplink
upload	Upload
upper	anwo
uppercut	uppercut
uppity	uppity
upright	dwat
uprising	soulèvman
uproar	dezòd
upscale	pwolongasyon
upset	fache
upshot	upshot
upstairs	anwo kay la
upstanding	upstanding
upstart	upstart
uptight	uptight
upward	anwo
upwards	egal
uranium	Iranyòm
urban	iben
urchin	Lerison
urge	ankouraje
urgency	ijans
urgent	ijan
urinal	urinal
urinalysis	urinalysis
urinate	pipi
urination	pipi
urine	pipi
urn	urn
usable	itilizasyon
usage	l '
use	itilize
used	itilize
useful	itil
usefully	itil
usefulness	itilite
useless	initil
user	itilizatè
usher	Usher
usual	abityèl
usurp	usurp
usurped	usurped
usury	enterè
utensil	utensil
uterus	matris
utilitarian	itilitè
utility	sèvis piblik
utilization	itilizasyon
utilize	itilize
utmost	pli ekstrèmman
utopian	Utopi
utter	pale
utterance	pale
utterly	nèt
vacancy	pòs vid
vacant	vid
vacate	vakans
vacation	vakans
vaccination	vaksinasyon
vaccine	vaksen
vacuolar	vakans
vacuole	vaksen
vacuous	vid
vacuum	vakyòm
vagabond	vagabond
vagina	vajen
vaginal	vajinal
vagrancy	vagrancy
vagrant	vagrant
vague	vag
vagueness	vagueness
vainly	vainly
valance	valans
vale	vale
valedictorian	valedictorian
valentine	valentine
valet	Valè
valiant	vanyan
valid	valab
validate	valide
validation	validation
validity	validite
valium	valium
valley	fon
valor	NO TRANSLATION
valuable	valè
valuables	valè
valuation	evaliasyon pwopriete
value	valè
valve	tiyo
vamoose	NO TRANSLATION
vamp	vamp
vampire	vanpir
van	NO TRANSLATION
vandal	vandal
vandalism	vandalism
vane	vane
vanguard	vanguard
vanilla	vaniy
vanish	disparèt
vanished	disparèt
vanishing	disparèt
vanity	vo anyen
vanquish	venk
vanquished	viktwa
vanquishing	viktim
vantage	vantaj
vapor	vapè
vara	NO TRANSLATION
variable	varyab
variance	divèjans
variation	varyasyon
variations	varyasyon
varicella	varicella
varicose	varis
varied	varye
variegated	variegated
variety	varyete
various	divès kalite
varmint	varmint
varnish	vèni
varsity	varsity
vary	varye
varying	varye
vascular	vaskilè
vase	vaz
vasectomy	vazèktomi
vassal	vazal
vast	vas
vat	baton
vaudeville	vaudeville
vault	vout
vaulted	vwale
vaulting	vout
veal	bèf
vector	vektè
veer	veer
vega	vega
vegan	vegan
vegetable	legim
vegetarian	vejetaryen
vegetarianism	vejetaryen
vegetation	vejetasyon
vegetative	vejetatif
veggie	veggie
vehement	vrèman
vehicle	machin
veil	vwal
veiled	klè
vein	venn
veined	vinn
vellum	vul
velocity	vitès
velour	velours
velvet	velours
velvety	velours
vena	vena
vendetta	vendetta
vending	lavant
vendor	machann
veneer	laparans
venerable	venere
veneration	venerasyon
venereal	venereal
venetian	Venetian
vengeance	tire revanj
vengeful	vengeful
venison	zwazo
venom	venn
venomous	danjere
venous	venn
vent	vantilasyon
ventilation	vantilasyon
ventilator	vantilasyon
venting	vantilasyon
ventricle	twonpèt
ventricular	ventriculèr
ventriloquist	ventriloquist
venture	antrepriz
venue	pidevan
veracity	veras
veranda	veranda
verb	vèb
verbal	vèbal
verbatim	vèbal
verbiage	vèrbyaj
verbose	entèpretasyon
verbosity	entosiyasyon
verdant	verdant
verdict	vèdik
verge	wout
verification	verifikasyon
verified	verifye
verify	verifye
verily	an verite
veritable	veritab
vermin	vèmin
vermouth	vèrmout
vernacular	tradisyonèl
vernal	vernal
veronica	veronica
versatile	versatile
versatility	adaptabilite
verse	vèsè
version	vèsyon
versus	kont
vert	vèt
vertebra	vèrtèbr
vertebral	vertebral
vertex	vertex
vertical	vètikal
vertically	vètikal
vertigo	vètij
verve	verve
very negative	trè negatif
very positive	trè pozitif
veryangry	NO TRANSLATION
vesicle	vesicle
vesicular	vesikulèr
vessel	veso
vest	vès
vested	anrejistre
vestibule	vestibule
vestige	vestige
vet	vet
veteran	veteran
veterinarian	veterinè
veterinary	veterinè
veto	mete veto sou
vexed	vekse
viability	viabilité
viable	solid
viaduct	Vyadik
vial	vial
vibe	vyolans
vibes	vib
vibrant	vibran
vibrate	vibre
vibration	Vibration
vibrator	vibrer
vibratory	vibratory
vicar	vicar
vicarious	okipe
vice	vis
viceroy	viceroy
vicinity	vwazinaj
vicious	visye
victim	viktim
victimized	viktim
victor	viktor
victoria	viktwa
victorious	viktorye
victory	viktwa
video	videyo
video game	videyo jwèt
videotape	videyo
vie	NO TRANSLATION
view	gade
viewer	viewer
viewing	gade
viewpoint	opinyon
vigil	viji
vigilance	vijilans
vigilant	vijilan
vigilante	vijilan
vignette	viyèt
vigor	vigueur
vigorous	wòdpòte
viking	viking
vile	vye
villa	Villa
village	vilaj la
villager	vilajè
villain	mechan
villainous	mechan
vinaigrette	vinaigrette
vindicate	vindicate
vindicated	jistifye
vindication	vanjans
vindictive	vanjans
vine	pye rezen
vinegar	vinèg
vineyard	jaden rezen
vintage	ansyen
vinyl	vinil
viola	viola
violate	vyole
violation	vyolasyon
violence	vyolans
violent	vyolan
violently	vyolans
violet	vyolèt
violin	violon
violinist	Violonis
viper	viper
viral	viral
virgin	jenn fi
virginal	virginal
virginity	tifi
virility	virilité
virology	viroloji
virtual	vityèl
virtually	nòmalman
virtue	vèti
virtuoso	virtuozite
virtuous	vètye
virulence	virulans
virus	viris
visa	viza
visage	NO TRANSLATION
viscosity	viskozite
viscous	gluan
vise	NO TRANSLATION
visibility	vizibilite
visible	vizib
visibly	wè
vision	vizyon
visionary	vizyonè
visit	vizite
visitation	vizit
visiting	vizite
visitor	vizitè
visor	vizyèr
vista	vista
visual	vizyèl
visualize	visualized
vital	vital
vitality	vitalite
vitals	vitès
vitamin	vitamin
vitreous	vitreuz
viva	viva
vivacious	vivan
vivid	rete vivan
vixen	vixen
vocabulary	vokabilè
vocal	vokal
vocalist	vocalist
vocation	vokasyon
vodka	vodka
vogue	lamòd
voice	vwa
voiceless	vwa
voicemail	Voicemail
void	anile
volatile	temèt
volatility	volatilité
volcanic	vòlkanik
volcano	vòlkan
volition	volisyon
volley	volebòl
volleyball	volebòl
voltage	vòltaj
voltmeter	voltmeter
volume	volim
volumes	komèsan
voluminous	volumineuz
voluntarily	volontèman
voluntary	volontè
volunteer	volontè
volunteering	volontè
volunteers	volontè
voluptuous	voluptuous
vomit	vomi
vomiting	vomisman
voodoo	vodou
voracious	avid
vortex	vortex
vote	vote
voter	elektè
voting	vote
votive	votif
vouch	vouch
voucher	bon
vow	ve
vowel	Vwayèl
voyage	vwayaj
voyager	voyager
voyeur	voyeur
vulgar	vilgè
vulgarity	vulgarite
vulnerability	vilnerabilite
vulnerable	vilnerab
vulture	votour
wacko	wacko
wacky	wacky
wad	Wad
waddle	Waddle
wade	pase
wafer	wafer
waffle	vlou
wag	Wag
wage	salè
wager	parye
wages	salè
wagon	kabwèt
wail	plenn
waist	ren
waistcoat	Woulèt
waistline	reno
wait	rete tann
waiter	gason
waiting	ap tann
waitinggame	NO TRANSLATION
waitress	sèvez nan restoran
waive	renonse
waiver	egzansyon
wake	reveye
walk	mache
walker	mache
walking	mache
walkout	levasyon
wall	miray
wallaby	wallaby
wallet	bous
wallflower	flè flè
wallop	dòmi
wallow	ranje
wallpaper	D '
walnut	zanmann
walrus	mawon
waltz	waltz
wan	NO TRANSLATION
wand	ralonj
wander	moute desann
wanderer	vwayajeur
wandering	pèdi
wane	wane
waning	diminye
wanker	wanker
wannabe	wannabe
wannasleep	NO TRANSLATION
want	vle
wanting	vle
wanton	vle
war	lagè
warbler	warbler
warcrimes	NO TRANSLATION
ward	pawas
warden	Warden
wardrobe	pandri
ware	Ware
warehouse	depo
warfare	lagè
warhead	tèt
warlike	lagè
warlock	warlock
warlord	lagè
warm	cho
warming	planèt la
warms	chofe
warmth	chalè
warn	avèti
warned	te avèti
warning	avètisman
warp	chèn
warpath	warpath
warped	chofe
warrant	manda
warranted	jistifye
warrants	manda yo
warranty	garanti
warren	lagè
warrior	vanyan sòlda
warship	lagè
wart	Wart
wartime	lagè
wary	pridan
wash	lave
washed	lave
washer	machin pou lave
washing	lave
washout	lave
washroom	twalèt
wasp	vèt
waste	dechè
wastebasket	fatra
wasted	gaspiye
wasteful	inutil
wasteland	dezè
wasting	gaspiye
watch	gade
watchdog	gadyen
watcher	gade
watchful	Veye
watchman	NO TRANSLATION
watchout	atansyon
watchtower	Gouvènè a
water	dlo
water polo	dlo polo
waterbed	dlo
watercourse	dlo
watered	wouze
waterfall	kaskad
waterfront	lamè
watering can	awozwa
watermelon	melon
waterproof	ki enpèmeyab
waterworks	waterworks
watery	dlo
wave	onn
wavelength	longèdonn
waver	vag
wavering	wavering
waves	vag
wavy	tranble
wax	sir
waxed	waxed
waxy	sir
way	fason
ways	fason
wayward	fason
weak	fèb
weaken	febli
weakened	febli
weakling	fèb
weakly	fèb
weakness	feblès
wealth	richès
wealthy	rich
weapon	zam
weaponry	zam
wear	mete
wearer	itilizatè
wearily	tris
weariness	doulè
wearing	mete
weary	bouke
weasel	vwazèl
weather	tan
weathered	transfòme
weatherman	weatherman
weatherproof	enpèrmeabilize
weave	mare
web	entènèt
website	sit entènèt
wed	marye
wedded	marye
wedding	maryaj
wedge	kwen
wedlock	maryaj
wee	Wee
weed	raje
weeding	sarkle
weeds	move zèb
weedy	weedy
weeeee	NO TRANSLATION
week	semèn
weekday	jou lasemèn
weekend	fen semèn nan
weekly	chak semèn
weenie	weenie
weep	kriye
weeping	kriye
weeping willow	kriye Willow
weepy	kriye
weigh	peze
weighing	peze
weight	pwa
weightless	pètèt
weightloss	NO TRANSLATION
weights	pwa
weighty	lou
weir	weir
weird	etranj
weirdness	etranj
weirdo	weirdo
welcome	akeyi
welcomed	akeyi
welcoming	akeyi
weld	Weld
welder	Welder
welding	soude
welfare	byennèt
wellhead	byen
wellness	byennèt
welsh	vyolans
welt	NO TRANSLATION
wen	NO TRANSLATION
wench	ap viv
werewolf	lougarou
west	lwès
westbound	direksyon lwès
western	lwès
wet	mouye
wetback	wetback
whack	koupe
whale	balèn
whaling	balèn
wham	kriye
whammy	whammy
wharf	waf
whatdoido	NO TRANSLATION
whatif	whatif
whatmakesmesmile	NO TRANSLATION
whatnot	Ki sa ki pa
whatsoever	tou sa
whatsthepoint	NO TRANSLATION
wheat	ble
wheel	wou
wheel barrow	NO TRANSLATION
wheelbarrow	brouèt
wheelchair	chèz woulant
wheels	wou
wheeze	wouze
whelp	ti gason
whereabouts	kote
wherefore	Se poutèt sa
wherewith	kèlkeswa sa
wherewithal	kèlkeswa sa
whet	whet
whiff	vyole
whilst	tou
whim	kapris
whimper	lou
whimsical	kaprisyeuz
whimsy	kaprisyeuz
whine	bri
whiny	whiny
whip	fwe
whiplash	whiplash
whipped	vide
whirl	toubiyon
whirlpool	toubiyon
whirlwind	toubiyon
whisk	fwe
whisker	whisker
whiskers	moustik
whiskey	wiski
whisky	wiski
whisper	chuichui
whispered	orèy
whistle	siflèt
whit	blan
white	blan
whitefish	whitefish
whiteness	blanchi
whitewash	blanchir
whitish	blanchi
whittle	brital
whiz	sifleman
whole	tout antye
wholesale	wholesale
wholesome	bon
wholly	nèt
whoo	kiyès
whoop	ki moun ki
whopper	whopper
whopping	kolasyon
whore	jennès
whorehouse	jennès
wick	Wick
wicked	mechan
wickedness	mechanste
wicker	Wicker
wicket	Wicket
wide	lajè
widely	lajman
widen	elaji
widespread	toupatou
widow	vèv
widowed	vèf
widower	vèv
width	lajè
wield	ègzaminè
wiener	Wiener
wienie	NO TRANSLATION
wife	madanm
wig	peruk
wiggle	wiggle
wight	Wight
wiki	wiki
wild	sovaj
wildcat	sovaj
wildebeest	sovaj
wilderness	dezè
wildfire	dife
wildlife	bèt sovaj
will	ap
willful	volontè
willies	volonte
willing	vle
willingly	vle
willingness	volonte
willow	Willow
willpower	volontè
wilt	vle
wilted	vle
wily	Wily
wimp	wimp
wimpy	Wimpy
win	genyen
wince	wince
winch	wintch
wind	van
windbag	van
windfall	tonbe
winding	likidasyon
windmill	moulen van
window	fenèt
windowsill	NO TRANSLATION
windpipe	van
windshield	vitamin
windy	van
wine	diven
wine cooler	diven pi fre
wing	zèl
winged	zèl
winger	elye
wingman	wingman
wink	wink
winner	gayan
winning	genyen
winnings	gaye
wino	NO TRANSLATION
winter	sezon fredi
winterbreak	NO TRANSLATION
wintertime	sezon ivè
wintery	sezon fredi
wintry	wintry
wipe	siye
wiper	torchon
wire	fil
wired	branche
wireless	san fil
wiretap	wiretap
wiring	fil elektrik
wis	sèten
wisdom	bon konprann
wise	ki gen bon konprann
wish	vle
wishbone	swanyon
wishful	dézireu
wishing	vle
wishmeluck	swete m bòn chans
wisp	wisp
wistful	wistful
wit	konprann
witch	sòsyè
witchcraft	maji
withal	akò
withdraw	retire li
withdrawal	retrè
withdrawals	retrè
withdrawn	retire
wither	fennen
withered	cheche
withering	cheche
withhold	kenbe
withholding	retni
withstand	kenbe tèt avè l '
witless	san konprann
witness	temwen
wits	san
witty	éspirituèl
wiz	Wiz
wizard	sòsye
wobble	tranble
wobbly	wobbly
woe	malè
woeful	dezagreyab
woefully	tèrib
wok	wok
wokemeup	NO TRANSLATION
wolf	bèt nan bwa
wolverine	glouton
woman	fanm
womanhood	fanmiy
womanizer	womanizer
womanly	fi
womb	matris
wonder	sezi
wonderful	bèl bagay
wonderfully	bèl
wonderment	sezi
wondrous	bèl
wont	NO TRANSLATION
woo	woo
wood	bwa
woodcut	bwa
wooden	an bwa
woodland	Woodland
woodlands	forè
woodpecker	pivèr
woods	Woods
woodshed	bwa
woodsman	Woodsman
woodwork	chapant
woody	Woody
woof	mouye
woohoo	woohoo
wooing	wooing
wool	lenn
woolen	lenn
woolly	woolly
woot	bwote
woozy	woozy
wop	wop
word	mo
wording	Libellés
words	mo
wordy	pawòl
work	travay
workaholic	workaholic
workbook	liv
worker	travayè
working	k ap travay
workings	fonksyon
workload	kantite travay
workman	travayè
workmanship	atizan konn fè
workout	antrennman
workplace	espas travay
works	travay
workshop	atelye
workup	travayè
world	mond
worldly	monn lan
worldwide	atravè lemond
worm	vè k'ap manje kadav
wormhole	wormhole
wormwood	anmè kou fièl
worn	chire
worried	enkyete
worries	enkyetid
worry	enkyete
worrying	mangonmen
worse	vin pi mal
worsening	vin pi grav
worship	adore
worshipful	adore
worstfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
worth	vo
worthless	san valè
worthwhile	entérésan
worthy	merite
wot	wot
would	ta
wound	blese
wounded	blese
wounding	blese
wounds	blesi
wracking	wracking
wrangler	wrangler
wrangling	ensandi
wrap	vlope
wrapper	pakè
wrapping	anbalaj
wrath	kòlè
wrathful	kòlè
wreak	wreak
wreath	kouwòn
wreck	nofwaj
wreckage	tranblemanntè
wrecked	kraze
wrecker	vrèman
wrench	kle
wrenching	wrenching
wrest	pini
wrestle	lite
wrestler	wrèstle
wrestling	lit
wretch	dezòd
wretched	terib
wriggle	fiyanse
wright	wright
wring	tòde
wringer	ekriven
wrinkle	rid
wrinkled	ri
wrist	ponyèt
wristband	braslè
wristwatch	braslè
writ	verite
write	ekri
writer	ekriven
writing	ekri
written	ekri
wrong	mal
wrongdoing	mal
wrongful	negatif
wrongly	mal
wrought	fòse
wry	wry
xanax	xanax
xenophobia	Ksenofobi
xerox	xerox
xmas	ksma
xoxo	xoxo
yaaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaay	NO TRANSLATION
yacht	yatch
yachting	yatching
yahoo	yahoo
yak	Yak
yam	yam
yank	yank
yap	NO TRANSLATION
yard	lakou
yarn	fil
yaw	yaw
yawn	baye
yawning	voye
yay	yay
yayy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyyy	NO TRANSLATION
yea	wi
yeahhh	yeahhh
yeahhhh	NO TRANSLATION
year	ane
yearbook	anebook
yearling	chak ane
yearly	chak ane
yearn	vle
yearning	dezi
years	ane
yeast	ledven
yehey	NO TRANSLATION
yell	rele
yeller	Yeller
yelling	rele
yellow	jòn
yellows	jòn
yelp	Yelp
yen	Yen
yeoman	Yeoman
yesss	yesss
yessss	yessss
yesterday	yè
yesteryear	ankò
yew	yew
yey	NO TRANSLATION
yield	sede
yielding	soumission
yo-yo	NO TRANSLATION
yodel	yodèl
yoga	yoga
yogi	yogi
yogurt	yogout
yoke	jouk bèf
yolk	jòn
yon	NO TRANSLATION
yonder	ale
young	jèn
younger	pi piti
youngster	jèn
yousuck	yousuck
youth	jèn
youthful	jèn
yucky	yucky
yuletide	yuletid
yummy	Apetisan
yuppie	yuppie
zany	zany
zap	zap
zeal	zèl
zealot	zèlot
zealous	zele
zebra	zèb
zen	zen
zenith	zenith
zephyr	zephyr
zeppelin	zeppelin
zest	zès
zesty	zesty
zeta	zeta
zigzag	zigzag
zilch	zile
zillion	zillion
zinc	zenk
zing	NO TRANSLATION
zip	zip
zipper	zip
zippy	zip
zit	NO TRANSLATION
zodiac	zodiac
zombie	zonbi
zone	zòn
zoning	zonaj
zoo	zoo
zoological	Zoological
zoology	zoologie
zoom	rale
zucchini	zikini
