Word	jw
aaaaaaah	aaaaaaah
aaaah	NO TRANSLATION
aardvark	aardvark
aback	aback
abacus	abacus
abalone	abalone
abandon	nglirwaaken
abandoned	ditinggal
abandonment	abandonment
abashed	abashed
abate	abate
abatement	abatement
abba	abba
abbey	biara
abbot	NO TRANSLATION
abbreviate	ringkes
abbreviation	singkatan
abdomen	abdomen
abdominal	weteng
abduct	abduct
abduction	penculikan
aberrant	aberrant
aberration	aberration
abeyance	abeyance
abhor	nesu
abhorrence	nesu
abhorrent	abhorrent
abide	manggon
abiding	manggon
ability	kemampuan
abject	abject
ablation	ablation
ablaze	nylametake
able	bisa
abnormal	ora normal
abnormality	abnormality
aboard	ing prau
abode	abode
abolish	mungkasi
abolition	penghancuran
abominable	abominable
abominate	abominate
abomination	nistha
aboriginal	aborigin
abort	mbatalake
abortion	aborsi
abortive	abortive
abound	tambah akeh
abovementioned	seng kasebut ning ndhuwur
abracadabra	abracadabra
abrasion	abrasion
abrasive	abrasive
abreast	nggoleki
abroad	ing luar negeri
abrogate	abrogate
abrupt	abrupt
abruptly	sacara tiba-tiba
abscess	abscess
absence	ora ana
absent	ora ana
absentee	absen
absenteeism	absen
absinthe	absinthe
absolute	mutlak
absolution	absolution
absolve	absolve
absorb	nyerep
absorbed	diserep
absorbent	absorbent
absorbing	nyerep
absorption	panyerepan
abstain	nyegah
abstention	nolak
abstinence	pantangan
abstract	abstrak
abstraction	abstraksi
absurd	absurd
absurdity	absurdity
abundance	kelimpahan
abundant	akeh banget
abuse	penyalahgunaan
abused	dilecehke
abusive	penyalah gunaan
abutment	abutment
aby	NO TRANSLATION
abysmal	abysmal
abyss	abyss
academic	akademik
academy	akademi
accede	ngakoni
accelerant	accelerant
accelerate	akselerasi
accelerated	cepet
acceleration	percepatan
accelerator	akselerator
accent	aksen
accentuate	accentuate
accept	nampa
acceptable	ditrima
acceptance	acceptance
acceptances	nampa
access	akses
accessible	bisa diakses
accession	aksesi
accessory	aksesoris
accident	kecelakaan
accidental	sengaja
accidentally	sengaja
acclaim	panjaluk
accolade	pinunjul
accommodate	nyepakake
accommodation	akomodasi
accompaniment	accompaniment
accompany	ngancani
accompanying	gawan
accomplice	nglampahi
accomplish	ngrampungake
accomplished	wis rampung
accomplishment	prestasi
accord	kasepakatan
accordance	miturut
accordion	akordion
account	akun
accountability	tanggung jawab
accountable	tanggung jawab
accountant	akuntan
accounting	akuntansi
accounts	akun
accredited	akreditasi
accretion	accretion
accrue	diakoni
accueil	NO TRANSLATION
accumulate	nglumpukake
accumulation	akumulasi
accuracy	akurasi
accurate	akurat
accursed	kacilakan
accusation	accusation
accusative	accusative
accuse	nyalahake
accused	dipuntudhuh
accuser	accuser
accusing	nyalahake
accustomed	rakulinan
ace	ace
acetic	acetic
acetylene	asetilena
ache	nyenyet
achieve	entuk
achieved	ngrambah
achievement	prestasi
aching	aching
achy	sakit
acid	asam
acidity	acidity
acknowledge	ngakoni
acknowledged	ngakoni
acknowledgement	ngakoni
acknowledgment	ngakoni
acme	acme
acne	kukul
acorn	acorn
acoustic	akustik
acoustics	akustik
acquaint	acquaint
acquaintance	acquaintance
acquainted	acquainted
acquiescence	acquiescence
acquire	ndarbeni
acquiring	éntuk
acquisition	akehe
acquisitions	Akuisisi
acquit	mbebasake
acquittal	mbebasake
acre	hektar
acreage	acreage
acres	hektar
acrobat	acrobat
acrylic	akrilik
act	tumindak
acting	tumindak
action	tumindak
action figure	tokoh aksi
actionable	actionable
activate	aktifake
activation	aktifitas
active	aktif
activist	aktivis
activity	kegiatan
actor	aktor
actress	aktris
actual	nyata
actuality	tumindak
actuary	actuary
acuity	acuity
acumen	acumen
acupuncture	Akupunktur
acute	akut
acutely	acutely
ad	iklan
adage	adage
adamant	adamant
adapt	adaptasi
adaptable	adaptable
adaptation	adaptasi
add	nambah
added	ditambahake
addendum	tambahan
adder	adder
addict	pecandu
addicted	ketagihan
addiction	kecanduan
addictive	ketagihan
addition	Kajaba iku
additional	tambahan
additive	aditif
address	alamat
addressee	addressee
addresses	alamat
adept	adept
adequacy	kecukupan
adequate	cukup
adhere	adhere
adherence	kepeksa
adherent	adherent
adhering	adhering
adhesion	adhesion
adhesive	adhine
adieu	adieu
adipose	adipose
adjacency	jejer
adjacent	jejer
adjective	adjective
adjoining	adjoining
adjourn	adjourn
adjournment	adjournment
adjudicate	adjudicate
adjudication	adjudication
adjunct	adjunct
adjust	nyetel
adjuster	adjuster
adjustment	imbuhan
adjuvant	adjuvant
admin	admin
administer	ngurus
administration	administrasi
administrative	administratif
administrator	administrator
admirable	admirable
admiral	admiral
admiralty	admiralty
admiration	kekarepan
admire	ngujo
admired	admired
admirer	admirer
admiring	admiring
admissibility	admissibility
admissible	bisa ditampa
admission	diakoni
admit	ngakoni
admittance	admittance
admitted	ngakoni
admitting	ngakoni
admixture	admixture
admonition	admonition
ado	ado
adobe	adobe
adolescence	remaja
adolescent	remaja
adopt	diadopsi
adoption	adopsi
adoptive	adoptive
adorable	adorable
adoration	adorasi
adore	adore
adoring	adoring
adorn	adorn
adornment	adornment
adrenalin	adrenalin
adrenaline	adrenaline
adrift	adrift
adult	diwasa
adulterated	adulterated
adulterer	adulterer
adultery	jinahe
adulthood	diwasa
advance	advance
advanced	majeng
advancement	advancement
advancing	maju
advantage	kauntungan
advantageous	mupangati
advent	kedadeyan
adventure	ngulandara
adventurer	petualang
adventures	petualangan
adventurous	petualang
adversary	musuh
adverse	adverse
adversity	adversity
advertise	iklan
advertisement	iklan
advertising	iklan
adverts	iklan
advice	saran
advisable	dianjurake
advise	maringi pitutur
advised	menehi saran
advisement	saran
adviser	penasehat
advisor	penasehat
advisory	nasehat
advocacy	advokasi
advocate	pengacara
aegis	aegis
aeration	aerasi
aerial	aerial
aerobics	aerobik
aerodrome	aerodrome
aerodynamic	aerodinamis
aerodynamics	aerodinamika
aeronautics	aeronautika
aeroplane	pesawat
aerospace	aerospace
aesthetic	estetis
aesthetics	estetika
aetiology	anetiologi
afar	minggat
affable	affable
affair	Urip
affect	nggayuh
affecting	nggowo pengaruh
affection	tresna
affectionate	tresna
affections	pengaruh
affiche	NO TRANSLATION
affidavit	affidavit
affiliated	afiliasi
affiliation	afiliasi
affinity	afinitas
affirm	tegese
affirmation	penegasan
affirmative	nyatakake
affirmatively	affirmatively
affix	affix
afflict	nandhang kasusahan
afflicted	sangsara
affliction	kasangsaran
affluence	gedhe banget
affluent	affluent
afford	saged
affordable	terjangkau
affront	affront
affronted	affronted
afield	afield
afire	nyengir
afloat	ngapusi
afore	banget
aforementioned	sing kasebut
aforesaid	aforesaid
afraid	wedi
afresh	maneh
african	african
aft	aft
afterlife	akhirat
aftermath	sawise
afternoon	sore
aftershave	aftershave
aftertaste	aftertaste
afterthought	afterthought
aga	NO TRANSLATION
agape	agape
agate	agate
age	umur
aged	umur
agency	agensi
agenda	agenda
agent	agen
agglomeration	agglomeration
aggravate	aggravate
aggravated	aggravated
aggravates	aggravates
aggravating	nyengsemaken
aggravation	aggravation
aggregate	agregat
aggregation	pengumpulan
aggresive	NO TRANSLATION
aggression	agresi
aggressive	agresif
aggressively	agresif
aggressiveness	agresif
aggressor	aggressor
agh	agh
aghast	aghast
aghhh	NO TRANSLATION
agile	Agile
agility	ketangkasan
aging	tuwa
agitate	agitate
agitated	agitated
agitation	agitation
aglow	aglow
agnostic	agnostik
ago	kepungkur
agonizing	agonizing
agony	sangsara
agoraphobia	agoraphobia
agree	setuju
agreeable	agreeable
agreed	sarujuk
agreeing	setuju
agreement	persetujuan
agressive	NO TRANSLATION
agricultural	tetanèn
agriculture	pertanian
aground	aground
agua	NO TRANSLATION
ahead	ahead
ahhh	ahhh
ahhhhhhhh	NO TRANSLATION
ahoy	ahoy
aid	sepindah
aide	aide
aiding	aiding
aids	bantuan
ail	ail
ailing	ailing
ailment	ailment
aim	tumuju
aimless	tanpa tujuan
air	udara
airbag	airbag
airborne	airborne
aircraft	pesawat
aircraft carrier	operator pesawat
airfield	airfield
airhead	airhead
airlift	airlift
airline	maskapai
airliner	airliner
airlock	airlock
airman	airman
airplane	pesawat
airport	bandara
airs	airs
airship	airship
airspace	airspace
airspeed	airspeed
airstrip	airstrip
airtight	airtight
airway	airway
aisle	dalan
ait	NO TRANSLATION
ajar	NO TRANSLATION
aka	aka
akin	akin
alabaster	alabaster
alarm	weker
alarm clock	jam weker
alarmed	kaget
alarming	ngganggu
alas	alas
alb	NO TRANSLATION
albatross	albatross
albino	albino
album	album
alchemy	alchemy
alcohol	alkohol
alcoholic	nyandu alkohol
alcoholism	alkoholisme
alcove	alcove
alderman	alderman
ale	NO TRANSLATION
alert	tandha
alertness	kewaspadaan
alerts	tandha
alfalfa	alfalfa
algebra	aljabar
algebraic	aljabar
algorithm	algoritma
alias	alias
alibi	alibi
alien	asing
alienate	alienate
alienated	alienated
alienation	alienation
alight	alight
align	align
aligned	didadekake siji
alignment	alignment
alike	alike
alimentation	NO TRANSLATION
alimony	alimony
aliquot	aliquot
alive	urip
alkali	alkali
alkaloids	alkaloid
allay	allay
allegation	songko
allege	allege
alleged	diduga
allegiance	allegiance
allegorical	allegorical
allegory	allegory
allegro	allegro
allergic	alergi
allergy	alergi
alleviate	ngurangi
alleviation	ngurangi
alley	gang
alleyway	alleyway
alliance	aliansi
allied	sekutu
alligator	Boyo
allocate	nyetujoni
allocation	alokasi
allot	allot
allotment	allotment
allow	ngidini
allowable	ngidini
allowance	tunjangan
allowed	diijini
alloy	campuran
allsmiles	NO TRANSLATION
allure	nyenengake
alluring	alluring
allusion	allusion
alluvial	alluvial
ally	sekutu
almanac	almanak
almighty	Maha Kuwasa
almond	kacang almond
aloft	aloft
aloha	aloha
alone	piyambakipun
alongside	kajaba
aloof	aloof
aloud	banter
alpha	alpha
alphabet	alfabet
alphabetical	alfabetis
alpine	alpine
alreadyyyyy	wisyyyy
altar	altar
altar boy	altar boy
alter	ngowahi
alteration	owahan
altercation	altercation
altered	diowahi
alternate	alternatif
alternating	gantian
alternative	alternatif
altimeter	altimeter
altitude	ketinggian
alto	alto
altogether	kabeh
aluminum	aluminium
alumnus	alumnus
alveolar	alveolar
alzheimers	NO TRANSLATION
amalgam	amalgam
amalgamation	amalgamation
amaretto	amaretto
amass	amass
amateur	amatir
amaze	amaze
amazed	kaget
amazedness	NO TRANSLATION
amazement	kaget
amazing	apik tenan
amazingly	pancen
ambassador	duta
amber	amber
ambience	ambience
ambient	sekitar
ambiguity	mbingungake
ambiguous	ambigu
ambit	ambite
ambition	ambisi
ambitious	kekarepan
ambivalent	ambivalent
ambrosia	ambrosia
ambulance	ambulans
ambush	ambush
ameliorate	ameliorate
amen	Amin
amenable	amenable
amend	amandemen
amendment	amandemen
amends	amends
amenity	amenity
amethyst	amethyst
amiable	amiable
amicable	amicable
amid	amid
amidst	amidst
amino	amino
ammo	peluru
ammonia	amonia
ammonium	amonium
ammunition	amunisi
amnesia	amnesia
amnesty	amnesty
amorous	amorous
amorphous	amorfus
amortization	amortisasi
amount	jumlah
amour	NO TRANSLATION
amp	amp
ampersand	ampersand
amphetamines	amphetamines
amphibian	amfibi
amphibious	amphibious
amphitheater	amfitheater
ample	akeh
amplification	amplifikasi
amplify	amplify
amplitude	amplitudo
amply	amply
amputate	amputate
amputation	amputasi
amuck	amuck
amulet	amulet
amuse	nyenengake
amused	gumun
amusement	hiburan
amusing	nyenengake
ana	NO TRANSLATION
anaconda	anaconda
anaesthesia	anestesi
anaesthetic	anestesi
anagram	anagram
anal	anal
analgesic	analgesik
analogous	analog
analogue	analog
analogy	analogi
analysis	analisis
analyst	Analis
analytic	analisa
analytical	analitis
analyze	analisa
analyzer	analyzer
anaphylactic	anaphylactic
anarchism	anarkisme
anarchist	anarkis
anarchy	anarki
anastomosis	anastomosis
anathema	anathema
anatomic	anatomis
anatomy	anatomi
ancestor	leluhur
ancestral	leluhur
ancestry	leluhur
anchor	jangkar
anchorage	pelabuhan
ancient	kuno
ancillary	ancillary
androgen	androgen
android	Android
anecdote	anekdot
anemia	anemia
anemic	anemik
anemone	anemone
anesthesia	anestesi
anesthesiologist	anesthesiologist
anesthetic	anestesi
aneurysm	aneurysm
anew	maneh
angel	angel
angelic	angelic
anger	nesu
angered	angered
angermanagement	NO TRANSLATION
angina	angina
angiogram	angiogram
angiography	angiography
angle	amba
angling	angling
angora	angora
angriest	angriest
angry	duka
angrytweet	NO TRANSLATION
angst	angst
anguish	sengsara
anguished	anget
angular	sudut
anhydrous	anhydrous
animal	kewan
animate	animate
animated	animasi
animation	animasi
animosity	kepenak
animus	animus
ankle	ankle
anklet	anklet
annals	sejarah
annex	lampiran
annexation	annexation
annexe	NO TRANSLATION
annihilate	ngrusak
annihilated	annihilated
annihilation	annihilation
anniversary	ulang taun
annotate	annotate
annotation	anotasi
announce	ngumumake
announcement	pengumuman
announcer	penyiar
annoy	ngganggu
annoyance	gangguan
annoyed	ngganggu
annoyin	NO TRANSLATION
annoying	ngganggu
annoys	ngganggu
annual	taunan
annuity	annuity
annul	mbatalake
annular	annular
annulment	pambatalan
annulus	annulus
anointed	anointed
anointing	anointing
anomalous	anomali
anomaly	anomali
anon	anon
anonymity	anonimitas
anonymous	anonim
anorexic	anorexic
answer	njawab
answerable	jawabane
answering	njawab
ant	ant
antagonism	antagonism
antagonist	antagonis
antagonistic	antagonistic
antagonize	antagonize
ante	NO TRANSLATION
antecedent	antecedent
antelope	antelope
antenna	antena
anterior	anterior
anthem	anthem
anthill	anthill
anthology	antologi
anthrax	anthrax
anthropological	antropologi
anthropologist	antropolog
anthropology	antropologi
anti	anti
antiaircraft	antiaircraft
antibiotic	antibiotik
antibiotics	antibiotik
antichrist	antikristus
anticipate	antisipasi
anticipation	antisipasi
anticipatory	anticipatory
antics	antik
antidote	antidote
antifungal	antifungal
antigravity	antigravity
antimony	antimoni
antipathy	antipati
antiquarian	antiquarian
antiquated	antiquated
antique	antik
antiques	barang antik
antiquity	antiquity
antiseptic	antiseptik
antisocial	antisocial
antithesis	antithesis
antithetical	antithetical
antiviral	antiviral
antler	antler
antsy	antsy
anus	anus
anvil	anvil
anxiety	kuatir
anxietyattack	NO TRANSLATION
anxious	cemas
anxiousness	penasaran
anytime	kapan wae
aorta	aorta
aortic	aortic
apace	apace
apache	apache
apartment	apartemen
apartments	apartemen
apathetic	kurang ajar
apathy	apathy
ape	ape
aperture	aperture
apex	puncak
aphid	aphid
aphrodisiac	aphrodisiac
apiece	siji
aplomb	aplomb
apocalypse	apocalypse
apocalyptic	apokaliptik
apologetic	apologetic
apologist	apologist
apologize	nyuwun pangapunten
apology	ngapuro
apostasy	murtad
apostate	murtat
apostle	rasul
apostolic	apostolik
apostrophe	apostrophe
apothecary	apothecary
appalled	nyenengake
appalling	ngguyu
apparatus	apparatus
apparel	rasukan
apparent	katon
apparently	ketoke
apparition	apparition
appeal	mréntahaké
appear	katon
appearance	katon
appease	nyenengake
appellant	b
append	nambah
appendage	appendage
appendectomy	appendectomy
appendicitis	appendicitis
appendix	lampiran
appetite	napsu
appetizer	appetizer
appetizing	appetising
applaud	ngguyu
applause	keplok
apple	apel
apple juice	jus apel
applejack	applejack
applesauce	applesauce
appliance	piranti
appliances	peralatan
applicability	penerapan
applicable	ditrapake
applicant	pelamar
application	aplikasi
apply	aplikasi
appoint	milih
appointment	janjian
appointments	janjian
apportion	apportion
apportionment	apportionment
appraisal	kaweruh
appraise	nyantolake
appreciable	apik banget
appreciate	appreciate
appreciated	dihargai
appreciates	appreciate
appreciation	apresiasi
appreciative	appreciate
apprehend	ngerti
apprehension	kekuwatan
apprehensive	kuwatir
apprentice	apprentice
apprenticeship	apprenticeship
approach	pendekatan
approaching	nyedhaki
approbate	NO TRANSLATION
approbation	approbation
appropriate	cocok
appropriation	appropriation
approval	persetujuan
approve	nyetujoni
approved	disetujoni
approvement	sarujuk
approving	nyetujoni
approximate	kira-kira
approximately	kurang luwih
approximating	approximating
approximation	perkiraan
appurtenances	aplikasi
apricot	apricot
apron	apron
apt	apt
aptitude	aptitude
aqua	banyu
aquamarine	aquamarine
aquarium	aquarium
aquatic	banyu
aqueduct	aqueduct
aqueous	banyu
arable	arable
arbiter	arbiter
arbitrary	kasepakatan
arbitrate	arbitrate
arbitration	arbitrase
arbitrator	arbitrator
arbor	arbor
arc	arc
arcade	arcade
arcane	arcane
arch	lengkungan
archaeological	arkeologi
archaeologist	archaeologist
archaeology	arkeologi
archaic	archaic
archangel	Archangel
archbishop	Uskup Agung
archdiocese	archdiocese
archduke	archduke
arched	arched
archer	pemanah
archery	memanah
archetype	archetype
archipelago	Nusantara
architect	arsitek
architectural	arsitektur
architecture	arsitektur
archive	arsip
arctic	Arktik
ardent	ardent
ardor	ardor
arduous	arang banget
area	wilayah
arena	arena
areola	areola
areyoukidding	NO TRANSLATION
areyoukiddingme	NO TRANSLATION
argent	NO TRANSLATION
argh	argh
arghh	NO TRANSLATION
arghhhh	NO TRANSLATION
argue	argue
argument	argumentasi
argumentation	argumentasi
argumentative	argumentatif
arguments	argumentasi
arid	garing
arise	tangi
aristocracy	aristokrasi
aristocrat	aristocrat
aristocratic	bangsawan
arithmetic	aritmetika
ark	prau
arm	lengen
armada	armada
armament	armament
armaments	armamen
armature	sarung tangan
armchair	armchair
armed	bersenjata
armor	waja
armored	lapis baja
armory	pabrik senjata
armpit	keti
arms	penyelundupan
army	tentara
aroma	aroma
aromatherapy	aromatherapy
arousal	arousal
arouse	arouse
aroused	aroused
arraignment	arraignment
arrange	ngatur
arranged	disusun
arrangement	pengaturan
array	array
arrears	tunggakan
arrest	penahanan
arrhythmia	arrhythmia
arrival	rawuh
arrive	teka
arrogance	arrogance
arrogant	arrogant
arrow	panah
arsehole	arsehole
arseholes	arseholes
arsenal	Arsenal
arsenic	arsenik
arson	kebakaran
arsonist	arsonist
art	seni
arterial	arteri
artery	arteri
artful	artine
arthritis	arthritis
arthropod	arthropod
artichoke	artichoke
article	artikel
articles	artikel
articulate	articulate
articulation	artikulasi
artifact	artefak
artifice	artine
artificial	manufaktur
artillery	artillery
artisan	artisan
artist	artis
artiste	NO TRANSLATION
artistic	seni
artistry	artistry
artists	seniman
artwork	karya seni
arty	arty
asap	asap
asbestos	asbes
ascend	munggah
ascendancy	dhuwit
ascendant	ascendant
ascending	munggah
ascension	Munggah
ascent	ascent
ascertain	dipriksa
ascertained	dipastèkaké
ascetic	ascetic
ash	awu
ashamed	mamang
ashes	awu
ashtray	ashtray
asinine	asinine
ask	takon
asleeep	NO TRANSLATION
asleep	turu
asp	asp
asparagus	asparagus
aspartame	aspartame
aspect	rasio
aspects	aspek
aspen	Aspen
asphalt	aspal
asphyxia	asphyxia
asphyxiation	asphyxiation
aspiration	aspirasi
aspire	ngarahake
aspirin	aspirin
aspiring	aspiring
ass	pantat
assail	nyalahake
assailant	assailant
assassin	assassin
assassinate	mateni
assassination	pembunuhan
assault	nyerang
assay	assay
assemblage	assemblage
assemble	ngumpulake
assembled	dipasang
assembly	Déwan
assemblyman	wakil rakyat
assent	assent
assert	tegese
asserting	nyatakake
assertion	tegese
assertive	tegas
assess	netepake
assessment	Assessment
assessor	Assessor
asset	aset
assets	aset
asshole	asshole
assign	ngaturake
assignee	assignee
assignment	tugas
assimilate	assimilate
assimilation	asimilasi
assist	ngewangi
assistance	pitulungan
assistant	asisten
associate	asosiasi
association	asosiasi
assorted	macem-macem
assortment	assortment
assuage	nyenyet
assume	nganggep
assumed	ngarani
assuming	assuming
assumption	anggepan
assurance	jaminan
assure	njamin
assured	njamin
assuredly	assuredly
asterisk	asterisk
asteroid	asteroid
asteroids	asteroid
asthma	asma
asthmatic	asma
astigmatism	astigmatism
astonish	astonish
astonished	nggumun
astonishing	nggumun
astonishingly	NO TRANSLATION
astonishment	astonishment
astound	astound
astral	astral
astray	kesasar
astringent	astringent
astrologer	astrologer
astrology	astrologi
astronaut	astronot
astronomer	astronom
astronomical	astronomi
astronomy	astronomi
astute	astute
asunder	asunder
asylum	asylum
asymmetric	asimetris
asymmetry	asimetri
asymptotic	asymptotic
atelier	atelier
atheism	atheism
atheist	atheis
atheistic	atheistic
atherosclerosis	atherosclerosis
athlete	atlet
athletic	atletik
athleticism	athleticism
athletics	atletik
atlas	atlas
atmosphere	atmosfer
atmospheric	atmosfer
atoll	atoll
atom	atom
atomic	atom
atone	atone
atonement	atonement
atpeace	atine
atrium	atrium
atrocious	atrocious
atrocity	atrocity
atrophy	atrophy
attach	masang
attached	ditempelake
attachment	lampiran
attack	anggempur
attacker	nyerang
attacking	nyerang
attain	ngrampungake
attainable	bisa diolehake
attainment	antuk
attempt	nyoba
attempted	nyoba
attend	rawuh
attendance	rame
attendant	pramugari
attention	manungsa waé
attentionseeker	NO TRANSLATION
attentionseekers	NO TRANSLATION
attentive	attentive
attenuate	attenuate
attenuated	dilemokake
attenuation	ngilangi
attest	mbuktèkaké
attestation	pengadilan
attic	loteng
attire	pakaian
attitude	sikap
attorney	pengacara
attract	narik
attraction	atraksi
attractive	apik banget
attractiveness	daya tarik
attributable	gumantung
attribute	atribut
attribution	atribusi
attrition	attrisi
auburn	auburn
auction	lelang
auctioneer	auctioneer
audacious	kepenak
audacity	audacity
audible	bisa diarani
audience	pamirsa
audio	audio
audit	audit
audition	audisi
auditions	audisi
auditor	auditor
auditorium	auditorium
auditory	pendengaran
aught	a
augment	augment
augmentation	augmentation
august	august
aunt	bibi
auntie	auntie
aura	aura
aurora	aurora
auspices	auspices
auspicious	auspicious
austere	austere
austerity	austerity
authentic	asli
authenticate	authenticate
authentication	otentikasi
authenticity	keaslian
author	penulis
authoritative	sah
authority	wewenang
authorization	wewenang
authorize	ngidini
authorized	sah
authorship	penulis
autism	autisme
autistic	autistic
auto	otomatis
autobiographical	autobiografis
autobiography	otobiografi
autocorrect	autocorrect
autocratic	otokratis
autograph	autograph
autographed	autographed
automated	otomatis
automatic	otomatis
automobile	mobil
automotive	automotive
autonomy	otonomi
autopilot	autopilot
autopsy	otopsi
autumn	musim gugur
auxiliary	tambahan
avail	duwe manfaat
availability	kasedhiya
available	kasedhiya
avalanche	avalanche
avarice	avarice
avatar	avatar
avenge	Mbales
avenger	Pengawal
avenging	avenging
avenue	avenue
aver	NO TRANSLATION
average	rata-rata
aversation	NO TRANSLATION
averse	nyegah
averseness	averseness
aversion	kebencian
avert	avert
aviary	aviary
aviation	aviation
aviator	aviator
avid	seneng banget
avocado	avocado
avoid	eling
avoidance	nyegah
avoiding	ngindari
await	nunggu
awake	awake
awaken	awaken
awakening	awakening
award	penghargaan
awards	penghargaan
aware	weruh
awareness	kesadaran
awe	NO TRANSLATION
awed	awed
awesome	apik
awesomeness	awesomeness
awestruck	awestruck
awful	awake dhewe
awkward	awkward
awkwardness	awkwardness
awning	awning
awry	awry
axe	kapak
axial	aksial
axiom	axiom
axiomatic	axiomatic
axis	sumbu
axle	axle
ay	ay
aye	aye
azimuth	azimuth
azure	azure
babble	babble
babbling	babbling
babe	babe
baboon	babon
baby	bayi
babysit	babysit
babysitter	babysitter
baccalaureate	baccalaureate
baccarat	baccarat
bachelor	sarjana
bachelorette	bachelorette
back	bali
backboard	backboard
backbone	backbone
backdoor	backdoor
backdrop	latar mburi
backer	backer
backfire	backfire
backgammon	backgammon
background	latar mburi
backhand	backhand
backhoe	backhoe
backoff	Mundur
backpack	tas ransel
backpacker	backpacker
backroom	backroom
backseat	mburi ngarep
backside	mburi
backtrack	backtrack
backup	serep
backward	mundur
backwardness	mundur
backwards	mundur
backwater	backwater
backwoods	backwoods
backyard	latar mburi
bacon	daging babi
bacteria	bakteri
bacterial	bakteri
bacterium	bakteri
bad	ala
badass	badass
badday	NO TRANSLATION
badfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
badge	badge
badger	badger
badhabit	NO TRANSLATION
badly	banget
badness	badhan
baffle	baffle
baffled	bingung
bag	tas
bagel	bagel
baggage	bagasi
baggie	baggie
baggy	baggy
bagman	bagman
bagpipes	bagpipes
bail	tanggungan
bailiff	bailiff
bait	umpan
bake	panggang
bakery	bakery
baking	baking
bal	NO TRANSLATION
balance	keseimbangan
balanced	seimbang
balcony	balkon
bald	botak
balding	balding
baldy	baldy
bale	bale
balk	balk
ball	bal
ballad	balada
ballast	ballast
ballerina	ballerina
ballet	ballet
ballgame	ballgame
ballistic	ballistic
ballistics	ballistics
balloon	balon
ballot	suara
ballpark	ballpark
ballplayer	ballplayer
ballpoint	ballpoint
ballroom	ballroom
ballsy	ballsy
balm	balm
balmy	balmy
balsam	balsam
balsamic	balsamic
bam	bam
bamboo	pring
ban	NO TRANSLATION
banana	banana
band	band
bandage	bandage
bandanna	NO TRANSLATION
bandit	bandit
bandstand	bandstand
bandwagon	bandwagon
bandwidth	bandwidth
bane	bane
bang	bang
banger	banger
banish	ngilangi
banished	dibuwang
banishment	banishment
banister	banister
banjo	banjo
bank	bank
banker	banker
banking	banking
bankroll	bankroll
bankrupt	bangkrut
bankruptcy	bangkrut
banner	banner
banquet	pesta
banshee	banshee
banter	banter
banzai	NO TRANSLATION
baptism	baptis
baptismal	baptis
baptize	mbaptis
bar	bar
barb	barb
barbarian	barbarian
barbaric	barbaric
barbarism	barbarism
barbecue	barbecue
barbed	barbed
barber	tukang cukur
barbershop	barbershop
barbie doll	barbie doll
bard	bard
bare	bare
bareback	bareback
barefoot	tanpa alas
barely	ora mung
barf	barf
bargain	ngenyang
bargaining	rembugan
barge	barge
baritone	baritone
barium	barium
bark	babakan
barkeep	barkeep
barks	barks
barley	gandum
barmaid	Barmaid
barman	barman
barn	lumbung
barnacle	barnacle
barney	barney
barnyard	barnyard
barometer	barometer
baron	baron
baroness	baroness
baroque	baroque
barrack	barrack
barracuda	barracuda
barrage	barrage
barred	dilarang
barrel	tong sampah
barren	barren
barricade	barricade
barrier	barrier
barring	ngalangi
barrister	barrister
barroom	barroom
barrow	barrow
bartender	bartender
barter	barter
base	basa
baseball	baseball
baseball bat	baseball bat
baseboard	baseboard
baseless	baseless
baseline	baseline
baseman	baseman
basement	basement
bases	dhasar
bash	bash
bashful	bashful
basic	dhasar
basics	dasar
basil	basil
basilica	basilica
basin	cekungan
basis	basis
bask	bask
basket	basket
basketball	basket
bass	bass
bass guitar	gitar bas
basso	NO TRANSLATION
bassoon	bassoon
bastard	bastard
bastarding	bastarding
bastards	bastards
bastion	bastion
bat	bat
batch	kumpulan
batching	batching
bate	NO TRANSLATION
bath	bathi
bathe	siram
bathhouse	bathhouse
bathing	siram
bathrobe	bathrobe
bathroom	kamar mandi
bathtub	bathtub
bathymetry	bathymetry
baton	Baton
battalion	battalion
batter	adonan
battered	battered
battering	battering
battery	baterei
battle	perang
battled	battled
battlefield	perang
battleground	battleground
battlements	battlements
battleship	battleship
batty	batty
bauble	bauble
bawdy	bawdy
bawl	bawl
bay	teluk
bayonet	bayonet
bayou	bayou
bazaar	bazaar
bazooka	bazooka
bday	bday
be	dadi
beach	pantai
beaches	pantai
beacon	beacon
bead	manik
beading	beading
beads	manik
beady	beady
beagle	beagle
beak	beak
beaker	beaker
beam	Beam
beaming	beaming
bean	kacang
beanbag	beanbag
beanie	beanie
bear	bear
bearable	ditanggung
beard	jenggot
bearded	bearded
bearer	bearer
bearing	bearing
bearings	bantalan
bearish	bearish
bearskin	bearskin
beast	kéwan
beastly	beastly
beat	ngalahake
beaten	dikalahake
beater	beater
beating	ngalahake
beatnik	beatnik
beau	beau
beautification	beautification
beautiful	ayu
beautify	beautify
beauty	kaendahan
beaver	singing
bebop	bebop
beck	beck
beckon	beckon
become	dadi
bed	amben
bedding	sprei
bedpan	bedpan
bedrock	bedrock
bedroom	kamar turu
bedside	amben
bedspread	bedspread
bedtime	bedtime
bee	tawon
beef	daging sapi
beefsteak	beefsteak
beehive	beehive
beep	bip
beeper	beeper
beer	bir
bees	lebah
beeswax	beeswax
beetle	kumbang
befall	befall
befitting	befitting
befriend	kekancan
befuddled	nggoleki
beg	beg
beggar	beggar
begging	ngemis
begin	miwiti
beginner	pamula
beginning	diwiwiti
beginnings	wiwitan
begrudge	begrudge
begun	wiwit
behappy	NO TRANSLATION
behave	nindakake
behavior	prilaku
behavioral	prilaku
behemoth	behemoth
behest	behest
behold	lah
beholden	Delengen!
beholder	deleng
beige	beige
belated	belated
belay	belay
belch	belok
belief	yakin
believable	bisa dipercaya
believe	pracaya
believed	pracaya
believer	pitados
believing	pracaya
belittle	belittle
belittled	dikalahake
bell	lonceng
bellboy	kenthang
bellhop	kampungan
belligerent	mungsuh
bellman	bellman
bellow	nang ngisor
bellows	bunder
belly	weteng
bellybutton	bellybutton
bellyful	ngombe
belong	kagungane
belongings	bandhane
beloved	ingkang dipun tresnani
belt	sabuk
beluga	beluga
bemused	banget
bench	bangku
bend	bend
bender	bender
bending	mlengkung
beneath	ing ngisor iki
benedictory	benedictory
benefactor	wong sing mberkahi
beneficial	migunani
beneficiary	ahli waris
benefit	entuk manfaat
benevolence	benevolence
benevolent	apik banget
benign	entheng
bent	mbengkongaken
benzene	benzene
bequeath	bequeath
bequest	bequest
bereaved	ngalah
bereavement	bereavement
bereft	ditinggalake
beret	beret
bergamot	bergamot
berlin	berlin
berserk	nyerat
berth	berth
beryllium	beryllium
beseech	nyuwun tulung
beset	sedhela
bestdayever	bestdayever
bestfeeling	bestfeeling
bestfriends	bestfriends
bestial	bestial
besties	besties
bestow	bestow
bestseller	paling apik
bet	nang
beta	beta
betray	ngelanggar
betrayal	betrayal
betrayed	betrayed
betrothed	dipeksa
betterment	luwih apik
betting	taruhan
betty	betty
bevel	bevel
beverage	wedang
bevy	bevy
beware	ati-ati
bewilder	bewilder
bewildered	bingung
bewilderment	bingung
bias	bias
biased	bias
bib	b
bible	Kitab Suci
biblical	Alkitab
bibliography	bibliografi
bicarbonate	bicarbonate
bicentennial	bicentennial
biceps	biceps
bicker	bicker
bickering	bickering
bicolor	bicolor
bicycle	Sepeda
bid	tawaran
bidder	bidder
bidding	Penawaran
bide	NO TRANSLATION
biennial	biennial
bier	NO TRANSLATION
bifurcation	bifurcation
big	gedhe
bigamy	bigamy
bigday	bigday
biggestfear	NO TRANSLATION
biggie	biggie
bighorn	bighorn
bigmouth	bigmouth
bigot	bigot
bigoted	bigoted
bigotry	bigotry
bike	bike
biker	biker
bikini	bikini
bilateral	bilateral
bilayer	bilayer
bile	bile
bilge	bilge
bilingual	bilingual
bill	Bill
billboard	papan iklan
billet	billet
billiard	biliar
billiards	biliar
billing	tagihan
billion	milyar
billionaire	Milyuner
billy	Billy
bimbo	bimbo
bimonthly	bimonthly
bin	bin
binary	binar
bind	ikatan
binder	binder
bindery	bindery
binding	naleni
bing	bing
binge	binge
bingo	bingo
binocular	binocular
binoculars	teropong
binomial	binomial
bio	bio
biochemical	biokimia
biochemist	biokimia
biochemistry	biokimia
biogenesis	biogenesis
biographer	biographer
biography	Babad
biological	biologi
biologist	biologist
biology	biologi
bionic	bionic
biopsy	biopsi
biosphere	biosphere
bipartite	bipartite
bipolar	bipolar
birch	birch
bird	manuk
birdcage	birdcage
birdie	birdie
birdman	birdman
birth	lair
birthday	ulang tahun
birthing	nggoleki
birthmark	birthmark
birthplace	birthplace
birthright	katentreman
bis	NO TRANSLATION
biscuit	biskuit
bisexual	biseksual
bishop	uskup
bison	bison
bisque	bis
bistro	bistro
bit	dicokot
bitch	asu
bitchy	bitchy
bite	cokot
biter	NO TRANSLATION
bitsy	beksan
bitter	pait
bitterly	kepenak
bitterness	keprungu
bittersweet	bittersweet
bitty	bitty
bitumen	bitumen
biweekly	biweekly
biz	Biz
bizarre	aneh
blab	blab
blabbermouth	blabbermouth
black	ireng
black snake	ula ula
blackberry	BlackBerry
blackbird	blackbird
blackboard	papan tulis
blacken	ireng
blackface	blackface
blackjack	blackjack
blacklist	blacklist
blackmail	ngemut
blackmailer	blackmailer
blackness	ireng
blackout	mandheg
blacksmith	blacksmith
bladder	kandung kemih
blade	piso
blame	nyalahke
blameless	tanpa blameless
bland	bland
blank	ra ono isine
blanket	selimut
blare	blare
blase	NO TRANSLATION
blasphemous	blasphemous
blasphemy	pitenah
blast	blast
blaster	blaster
blastoff	blastoff
blatant	blatant
blather	blenggu
blaze	blaze
blazer	blazer
blazing	murub
bleach	pemutih
bleak	surem
bleed	nggoleki
bleeder	nyengsemaken
bleeding	pendarahan
bleep	gumun
blemish	cacad
blemished	blemished
blend	campuran
blender	blender
blending	campuran
bless	rahayu
blessed	rahayu
blessing	berkah
blessings	berkah
bleu	bleu
blight	blight
blighted	blighted
blimp	blimp
blind	wuta
blinded	wuta
blindfold	nutupi tutuk
blindfolded	ditutupi
blinding	blinding
blindly	kanthi wuta
blindness	wuta
blink	kedhip
blip	blip
bliss	bliss
blissful	blissful
blister	blister
blistering	blistering
blitz	blitz
blizzard	blizzard
bloat	ngombe
bloated	kembung
blob	blob
block	pamblokiran
blockade	mblokir
blockage	blockage
blockbuster	blockbuster
blockhead	blumbang
blog	blog
bloke	bloke
blond	pirang
blonde	pirang
blood	getih
bloodbath	getihing
bloodhound	bloodhound
bloodless	tanpa getih
bloodline	garis getih
bloodshed	nyebabake getih
bloodshot	getih putih
bloodstream	aliran getih
bloodthirsty	bloodthirsty
bloody	getih
bloom	mekar
bloomers	bloomers
blooming	blooming
blossom	mekar
blot	blot
blotched	blotched
blotter	blotter
blouse	blus
blow	nyebul
blower	nyenyet
blowfish	blowfish
blowing	ndamu
blowjob	Nggawe Nesu Anggur
blown	diunekake
blowout	blowout
blowtorch	blowtorch
blubber	blubber
bluddy	bluddy
blue	biru
blue spruce	minterake biru
blueberry	blueberry
bluebird	bluebird
bluegrass	bluegrass
bluejay	bluejay
blueprint	cithak biru
blues	blues
bluff	bluff
bluish	bluish
blunder	luput
blunt	blunt
blur	blur
blurred	kabur
blurry	kabur
blurt	blurt
blush	isin
blushing	blushing
boa	NO TRANSLATION
boa constrictor	NO TRANSLATION
boar	babi
board	Papan
board game	Papan game
boarder	NO TRANSLATION
boarding	kembange
boardroom	ruang tamu
boards	papan
boardwalk	papan singgahan
boast	gumunggung
boastful	apik banget
boasting	boasting
boat	kapal
boathouse	boathouse
boating	prahu
boatload	boatload
boatman	boatman
bobbin	bobbin
bobcat	bobcat
bobsled	bobsled
bode	bode
bodega	bodega
bodice	bodice
bodily	awak
body	awak
bodyguard	pengawal
bog	bog
bogey	bogey
bogeyman	bogeyman
bogus	palsu
bohemian	bohemian
boil	godhok
boiler	ketel
boilerplate	boilerplate
boiling	nggodhok
boisterous	boisterous
bold	kandel
boldness	wani
bollocks	bollocks
bolster	bolster
bolt	bolt
bolus	bolus
bomb	bom
bombard	nyerang
bombardier	bombardier
bombardment	pengeboran
bombed	dibom
bomber	pengebom
bombers	pengebom
bombing	bom
bombshell	bombshell
bonanza	bonanza
bonbon	NO TRANSLATION
bond	jaminan
bondage	budak
bonding	ikatan
bonds	obligasi
bondsman	bondsman
bone	balung
bonehead	bonehead
boner	boner
bones	balung
bonfire	bonfire
bong	bong
bonkers	bonkers
bonne	NO TRANSLATION
bonnet	bonnet
bonny	bonny
bonsai	bonsai
bonus	bonus
bony	bony
boo	boo
boob	ngguyu
booby	bojo
booger	booger
boogeyman	boogeyman
boogie	boogie
book	buku
bookcase	rak buku
bookie	bookie
booking	pesenan
bookish	bookish
bookkeeper	tukang buku
bookkeeping	bookkeeping
booklet	buklet
bookmaker	bookmaker
bookmark	tetenger
books	buku
bookseller	bukueller
bookshop	toko buku
bookstore	toko buku
bookworm	bookworm
boom	boom
boomer	boomer
boomerang	boomerang
booming	booming
boon	boon
boooo	NO TRANSLATION
boost	ngedongkrak
booster	nyurung
boot	boot
booth	booth
bootleg	nggoleki
bootlegger	bootlegger
boots	boots
booty	booty
booze	booze
bop	bop
bopper	bopper
border	wates
bordering	wewatesan
borderline	borderline
bore	nglairake
boreal	boreal
bored	bosen
boredom	bosen
borer	borer
boring	mboseni
born	lair
boron	boron
borough	borough
borrow	utang
borrower	panyuwun
bosom	dadine
boss	boss
bossy	bossy
boston	boston
botanical	botani
botanist	botanist
botany	botani
bother	ngganggu
bothering	ngganggu
bottle	botol
bottleneck	bottleneck
bottling	bottling
bottom	ngisor
bottomless	bottomless
botulism	botulism
boulder	watu gedhe
bounce	mumbul
bouncer	bouncer
bouncy	bouncy
bound	bound
boundary	wates
boundless	ora ana
bounds	wates
bountiful	bountiful
bounty	hadiah
bouquet	buket
bourbon	bourbon
bourgeois	borjuis
bourgeoisie	bourgeoisie
bourse	bourse
bout	babak
boutique	boutique
bouttime	bouttime
bovine	sapi
bow	gandhewek
bowed	sujud
bowel	bowel
bowels	bowels
bowl	mangkuk
bowler	bowler
bowling	bowling
bowls	mangkuk
box	kothak
boxcar	boxcar
boxer	boxer
boxers	boxers
boxing	tinju
boy	bocah lanang
boycott	boikot
boyfriend	pacar
boyhood	bocah cilik
boyish	boyish
boysenberry	boysenberry
bozo	bozo
bra	bra
brace	nyangga
bracelet	gelang
braces	penyonggo
brachial	brachial
bracket	krenjang
brackets	kurung
brackish	puyuh
brad	brad
brag	brag
braid	braid
brain	otak
brainless	brainless
brains	otak
brainstorm	brainstorm
brainwash	brainwash
brainy	brainy
brake	rem
bran	bran
branch	cabang
branching	ngepang
brand	merek
brandy	Brandy
brash	brash
brass	kuningan
brass knuckle	brass knuckle
brassiere	brassiere
brat	brat
bratwurst	bratwurst
bravado	bravado
brave	wani
bravery	keberanian
brawl	brawl
brawn	brawn
brazen	brazen
breach	nerak
bread	roti
breadth	ombone
break	break
breakable	apik banget
breakaway	breakaway
breakdown	rusak
breaker	breaker
breakers	breakers
breakfast	sarapan
breaking and entering	breaking lan ngetik
breakingnews	breakingnews
breakneck	breakneck
breakthrough	terobosan
breakup	breakup
breast	payudara
breath	ambegan
breathe	ambegan
breather	nyenyet
breathless	ambegan
breathtaking	narik ati
breech	breech
breeches	breeches
breed	jenis
breeder	breeder
breeding	breeding
breeze	angin
breezy	breezy
brethren	sedulur
breve	NO TRANSLATION
brevity	brevity
brew	masakan
brewery	pabrik
brewing	bir
briar	briar
bribe	sogokan
bribery	sogokan
brick	bata
bridal	pengantin
bride	putri
bridegroom	pangantèn lanang
bridesmaid	pengiring pengantin
bridge	jembatan
bridle	bridle
brief	singkat
briefcase	tas
briefing	briefing
briefly	sedhela
brig	brig
brigade	brigade
bright	padhang
brighten	Padhangake
brightens	padhang
brighter	luwih cerah
brightness	padhang
brilliance	brilian
brilliant	sarwa
brim	brim
brimming	brimming
brimstone	brimstone
brine	brine
bring	nggawa
brink	brink
brisk	luwih cepet
brisket	brisket
bristle	bristle
brittle	brittle
bro	bro
broach	broach
broad	amba
broadcast	siaran
broadcasting	nyebarake
broaden	ngembangake
broadside	broadside
broadsword	broadsword
brocade	brokat
broccoli	brokoli
brochure	brosur
broil	broil
broke	nyuwil
broken	rusak
brokenheart	NO TRANSLATION
brokenhearted	brokenhearted
broker	broker
brokerage	perantara
bromide	bromide
bronco	bronco
bronze	tembaga
brooch	bros
brood	brood
brooding	brooding
brook	kali
broom	sapu
broomstick	broomstick
broth	duduh kaldu
brothel	brothel
brother	sedulur
brotherhood	kakang-adhi
brotherly	sadulur
brow	pucuk
brown	coklat
brownstone	brownstone
browse	nggoleki
brrr	brrr
bruise	bruise
bruising	bruising
brunch	brunch
brunette	brunette
brunt	brunt
brush	sikat
brutal	brutal
brutality	brutal
brute	brute
brutish	brutish
bubble	gelembung
bubbling	bubbling
bubbly	bubbly
bubonic	bubonic
buck	buck
buckaroo	buckaroo
bucket	ember
buckle	gesang
buckled	buckled
bucko	bucko
buckshot	buckshot
buckwheat	buckwheat
bud	bud
buddha	buddha
buddhism	buddhism
buddhist	buddhist
budding	budding
buddy	budha
budge	budge
budget	anggaran
buff	buff
buffalo	kebo
buffer	buffer
buffering	buffering
buffet	prasmanan
buffoon	buffoon
bug	bug
bugaboo	ngguyu
bugged	bingung
bugger	bugger
buggy	buggy
bugle	bugle
bugler	bugler
build	mbangun
builder	tukang bangunan
building	bangunan
buildings	bangunan
buildup	ngedegake
bulb	bohlam
bulbous	bulbous
bulge	bulge
bulimic	bulimic
bulk	akeh
bulkhead	bulkhead
bulky	gedhe banget
bull	banteng
bulldog	bulldog
bulldozer	bulldozer
bullet	peluru
bulletin	bulletin
bulletproof	kalajengking
bullfighter	bullfighter
bullfrog	bullfrog
bullheaded	bullheaded
bullhorn	bullhorn
bullion	bullion
bullock	bullock
bullpen	bullpen
bullshit	omong kosong
bully	nelangsa
bulwark	bulwark
bum	ngguyu
bumblebee	bumblebee
bummed	bummed
bummer	bummer
bump	bump
bumper	bumper
bumpy	bumpy
bun	NO TRANSLATION
bunch	bunch
bundle	mbendel
bungalow	bungalow
bungee	bungee
bunghole	bunghole
bunion	bunion
bunk	bunk
bunker	bunker
bunkhouse	bunkhouse
bunny	bunny
bunt	bunt
buoy	buoy
buoyancy	buoyancy
buoyant	buoyant
bur	bur
burden	beban
burdened	burdened
burdensome	burdensome
bureau	Biro
bureaucracy	birokrasi
bureaucrat	birokrat
bureaucratic	birokrasi
burger	burger
burglar	burglar
burglary	burglary
burial	burial
buried	kekubur, kependhem
burke	burke
burlap	burlap
burlesque	burlesque
burly	burly
burn	mbakar
burned	diobong
burner	burner
burning	kobong
burnished	burnished
burnout	Kobongan
burnt	obaran
burp	burp
burr	burr
burrito	burrito
burro	NO TRANSLATION
burrow	burrow
bursary	bursary
burst	burst
bury	ngubur
bus	bus
busboy	busboy
bush	grumbulan
bushel	bushel
bushy	bushy
business	bisnis
business man	NO TRANSLATION
businessman	pengusaha
businesswoman	Pebisnis wedok
busload	busload
buss	buss
bust	dhadha
busted	dirampas
buster	buster
bustle	bustle
bustling	bustling
busy	sibuk
busybody	sibuk
butane	butane
butcher	tukang daging
butler	Butler
butt	pantat
butter	butter
buttercup	buttercup
butterfly	kupu kupu
buttermilk	buttermilk
butterscotch	butterscotch
buttery	buttery
buttock	pantat
buttocks	buttocks
button	tombol
buttress	buttress
buxom	buxom
buy	tuku
buyer	panuku
buying	tuku
buzz	Buzz
buzzard	Buzzard
buzzed	buzzed
buzzer	buzzer
buzzing	buzzing
bye	dening
bygone	lunga
bylaw	bylaw
byline	byline
bypass	liwati
bystander	bystander
byte	byte
byzantine	byzantine
cab	taksi
cabal	cabal
cabana	cabana
cabaret	kabaret
cabbage	Gobis
cabbie	cabbie
cabernet	cabernet
cabin	kabin
cabinet	kabinet
cable	kabel
caboodle	caboodle
caboose	caboose
cabriolet	cabriolet
cache	cache
cacophony	cacophony
cactus	kaktus
cad	cad
cadaver	cadaver
caddie	NO TRANSLATION
caddy	caddy
cadence	irah-irahan
cadet	kadet
cafe	cafe
cafeteria	cafeteria
caffeine	kafein
cage	sangkar
cagey	cagey
cahoots	cahoots
cairn	cairn
cake	cake
cakewalk	cakewalk
calamari	cumi
calamitous	calamitous
calamity	calamity
calcareous	calcareous
calcium	kalsium
calculate	ngetung
calculated	diwilang
calculating	ngitung
calculation	pitungan
calculator	kalkulator
calculus	kalkulus
calendar	tanggalan
calender	NO TRANSLATION
calf	pedhet
caliber	kaliber
calibrate	kalibrasi
calico	calico
calipers	calipers
calisthenics	calisthenics
call	nelpon
callback	callback
caller	panelpon
calligraphy	kaligrafi
calling	nelpon
callous	callous
calls	telpon
calm	tenang
calming	nyenyet
calmness	kalem
caloric	caloric
calorie	kalori
calorimeter	calorimeter
cam	cam
camaraderie	camaraderie
camber	camber
camcorder	camcorder
camel	unta
cameo	cameo
camera	kamera
cameraman	cameraman
camisole	camisole
camouflage	camouflage
camouflaged	NO TRANSLATION
camp	kamp
campaign	kampanye
campaigner	campaigner
campaigning	kampanye
camper	camper
campfire	campfire
camping	camping
campsite	camping
campus	kampus
can	saget
can opener	bisa mbukak
canal	kanal
canary	canary
cancel	mbatalake
canceling	canceling
cancellation	pambatalan
cancer	kanker
candid	jujur
candidacy	pencalonan
candidate	calon
candied	candied
candle	lilin
candlelight	lilin
candles	lilin
candlestick	candlestick
candor	candor
candy	Candy
cane	tebu
canine	canine
canister	canister
canker	canker
cannabis	ganja
canned	kaleng
cannibal	cannibal
cannibalism	cannibalism
canning	canning
cannon	meriam
cannonball	cannonball
canoe	kano
canon	canon
canonical	canonical
canons	canons
canopy	canopy
cantaloupe	cantaloupe
cantbreathe	NO TRANSLATION
canteen	kantin
canterbury	kantore
canthandleit	NO TRANSLATION
cantilever	cantilever
cantina	cantina
canto	NO TRANSLATION
canton	kanton
cantstandit	NO TRANSLATION
cantwin	cantwin
canvas	kanvas
canvass	NO TRANSLATION
canyon	canyon
cap	tutup
capability	kemampuan
capable	saged
capacity	kapasitas
cape	cape
caper	caper
capillary	kapiler
capital	ibukutha
capitalism	kapitalisme
capitalist	kapitalis
capitalize	capitalize
capitals	ibukutha
capitation	kapitelane
capitol	capitol
capitulation	capitulasi
cappuccino	cappuccino
caprice	caprice
capricious	capricious
caps	tutupe
capslock	kapten
capsule	kapsul
captain	kapten
caption	caption
captivate	captivate
captivating	kepenak
captive	tawanan
captivity	penangkapan
captor	captor
capture	dijupuk
car	mobil
caramel	caramel
carat	carat
caravan	kafilah
carbon	karbon
carburetor	karburator
carcass	carcass
carcinoma	karsinoma
card	kertu
cardboard	karton
cardiac	jantung
cardigan	kardigan
cardinal	kardinal
cardiologist	kardiologis
cardiology	kardiologi
cardiomyopathy	kardiomiopati
cards	kertu
care	care
career	karir
carefree	seneng
careful	ati-ati
carefully	kasebut kanthi teliti
careless	careless
carelessness	carelessness
caress	caress
caret	caret
caretaker	pangurus
cargo	cargo
caribou	caribou
caricature	karikatur
caries	caries
caring	ngrawat
carjack	carjack
carnage	nyerang
carnal	kadagingan
carnation	carnation
carnival	karnaval
carnivorous	karnivora
carol	carol
carols	carols
carousel	carousel
carp	carp
carpal	carpal
carpenter	tukang kayu
carpentry	carpentry
carpet	karpet
carpeting	karpet
carpool	carpool
carriage	carriage
carried	nggowo
carrier	operator
carrot	wortel
carry	nindakake
carrying	mbeta
carsick	carsick
cart	Wadhah
carte	NO TRANSLATION
cartel	cartel
carter	carter
cartilage	kartilage
cartographic	kartografi
cartography	kartografi
carton	karton
cartoon	kartun
cartouche	NO TRANSLATION
cartridge	kartrij
carve	ngukir
carver	carver
carving	ngukir
cascade	kaskade
case	kasus
casein	kasein
cash	awis
cashier	kasir
cashmere	cashmere
casing	casing
casino	kasino
cask	cask
casket	peti mati
casserole	casserole
cassette	kaset
cast	cast
castaway	kepiye?
caste	kasta
caster	caster
castle	kastil
castor	castor
castrate	castrate
castration	pengorbanan
casual	santai
casually	casually
casualty	korban
cat	kucing
catabolism	katabolisme
catalog	Katalog
catalogue	Katalog
catalysis	katalis
catalyst	katalis
catalytic	katalitik
catamaran	catamaran
catapult	catapult
cataract	cataract
catastrophe	musibah
catastrophic	catastrophic
catatonic	catatonic
catch	nyekel
catcher	catcher
catching	keno
catchphrase	catchphrase
catchy	catchy
catechism	catechism
categorical	categorical
category	babagan
cater	cater
caterer	katering
caterpillar	Uler
cates	cates
catfish	lele
cathartic	cathartic
cathedral	katedral
catheter	kateter
catholic	Katolik
cathouse	cathouse
catnip	catnip
cattle	sapi
catwalk	catwalk
caucus	caucus
caudal	caudal
cauldron	cauldron
cauliflower	cauliflower
caulk	caulk
causal	nyebabake
causality	kausal
causation	akibat
cause	sabab
caused	nyebabake
causeway	causeway
caution	ati-ati
cautionary	cautionary
cautious	cautious
cautiously	cautiously
cavalier	cavalier
cavalry	kavaleri
cave	gua
caveat	caveat
caveman	caveman
cavern	cavern
cavernous	cavernous
caviar	caviar
caving	caving
cavity	rongga
cayenne	cayenne
cease	mandheg
ceasefire	gencatan senjata
ceaseless	ceaseless
cedar	cedar
cede	cede
ceiling	langit
celebrant	selebritis
celebrate	ngrayakake
celebrated	ngrayakake
celebrating	ngrayakake
celebration	prayaan
celebrations	hajat
celebratory	celebratory
celebrity	selebritis
celery	celery
celestial	langit
celibacy	celibacy
celibate	celibate
cell	sel
cellar	cellar
cellblock	cellblock
cellist	cellist
cellmate	cellmate
cello	cello
cellophane	cellophane
cellular	seluler
cellulite	selulit
celluloid	seluloid
cement	semen
cemented	cemented
cemetery	kuburan
censor	censor
censorship	censorship
censure	censure
census	sensus
cent	sen
centenary	centenary
centennial	centennial
center	tengah
centerfold	centerfold
centerpiece	centerpiece
centimeter	centimeter
centipede	lipan
central	tengah
centrality	centrality
centralization	sentralisasi
centralize	centralize
centrally	tengah
centrifugal	sentrifugal
centrifuge	centrifuge
centurion	centurion
century	abad
ceramic	keramik
ceramics	keramik
cereal	sereal
cereals	sereal
cerebral	cerebral
ceremonial	ceremonial
ceremony	upacara
certain	mesthi
certainty	kepenak
certifiable	certifiable
certificate	sertifikat
certified	certified
certify	nandhakake
cervical	cervical
cervix	cervix
cess	cess
cessation	cessation
cesspool	cesspool
cha cha	NO TRANSLATION
chaff	chaff
chafing	chafing
chagrin	bingung
chagrined	chagrined
chai	chai
chain	chain
chainsaw	chainsaw
chair	dhingklik
chairman	ketua
chairperson	ketua
chairwoman	ketua
chaise	chaise
chalet	chalet
chalice	chalice
chalk	kapur
challenge	tantangan
challenger	Challenger
chamber	kamar
chambermaid	chambermaid
chambers	kamar
chameleon	bungah
champ	juara
champagne	sampanye
champion	juara
championship	juara
chance	kasempatan
chancellor	Kanselir
chandelier	lampu gantung
chandler	chandler
change	ganti
changeable	ngganti
changed	diganti
changer	Changer
changing	ganti
channel	saluran
chant	sambat
chaos	kekacauan
chaotic	kacau
chap	chap
chapel	kapel
chaperon	chaperon
chaplain	chaplain
chapman	chapman
chaps	chaps
chapter	bab
char	char
character	karakter
characteristic	karakteristik
characterize	menehi ciri
charade	nyuwun pangapunten
charcoal	areng
chardonnay	chardonnay
charge	ngisi
chargeable	bisa diisi
charger	pangisi daya
chariot	kreta
charisma	karisma
charismatic	karismatik
charitable	amal
charity	amal
charlatan	charlatan
charm	Pesona
charmed	nengsemake
charmer	charmer
charming	nengsemake
charred	charred
chart	grafik
charter	charter
chartered	chartered
chase	mburu
chased	diudani
chaser	chaser
chasm	jurang
chassis	sasis
chaste	suci
chastened	chastened
chastisement	chastisement
chastity	chastity
chat	ngobrol
chateau	chateau
chatter	ngobrol
chatterbox	chatterbox
chattering	ngobrol
chatty	chatty
chauffeur	sopir
chauvinist	chauvinist
cheap	mirah
cheapened	cheapened
cheapskate	cheapskate
cheat	ngapusi
cheater	ngapusi
check	mrikso
checkbook	cek buku
checker	checker
checkered	kothak
checkers	checkers
checklist	priksa
checkmate	nggoleki
checkout	deloken
checkpoint	checkpoint
checkup	mriksa
cheek	pipi
cheeks	pipi
cheeky	cheeky
cheep	cheep
cheer	seneng
cheered	cheered
cheerful	nyenengake
cheerfulness	nyenengake
cheering	nyenengake
cheerleader	tukang nyoraki
cheerleading	cheerleading
cheerless	apik banget
cheers	seneng banget
cheery	nyenengake
cheese	keju
cheeseburger	cheeseburger
cheesecake	cheesecake
cheesy	cheesy
cheetah	cheetah
chef	kok
chemical	Kimia
chemise	NO TRANSLATION
chemist	chemist
chemistry	kimia
chemo	chemo
chemotherapy	kemoterapi
cheque	mrikso
cherish	ngurmati
cherishing	cherishing
cherry	Cherry
cherub	kerub
chess	catur
chest	dodo
chestnut	Chestnut
chevron	chevron
chew	nyuwek
chewy	nyenengake
chic	paling apik
chicane	chicane
chick	cah ayu
chicken	pitik
chicken pox	pitik pox
chickenpox	cacar banyu
chief	wong kang mimpin
chiefly	utamane
chieftain	pemimpin
chiffon	chiffon
child	bocah
childbirth	babaran
childhood	bocah cilik
childish	bocah
childless	ora duwe anak
childlike	kaya bocah
childloss	NO TRANSLATION
children	bocah
chili	chili
chill	hawa dingin
chilled	chilled
chilling	nyenengake
chilly	chilly
chime	nyenengake
chimera	chimera
chimes	chimes
chimney	cerobong asep
chimp	chimp
chimpanzee	simpanse
chin	dagu
china	china
chinchilla	chinchilla
chine	NO TRANSLATION
chinook	chinook
chip	chip
chipmunk	tingkah
chipper	chipper
chipping	chipping
chiropractor	chiropractor
chirp	chirp
chirping	chirping
chisel	chisel
chiseler	chiseler
chit	nyuwun pangapunten
chitchat	omong omong
chivalry	chivalry
chloride	klorida
chlorine	klorin
chloroform	kloroform
chocolate	coklat
choice	pilihan
choir	koor
choke	keselak
cholera	cholera
cholesterol	kolesterol
choose	milih
choosing	milih
choosy	choosy
chop	chop
chopper	helikopter
choppers	choppers
chopping	cacah
chops	chops
choral	choral
chord	penghubung
chords	kord
chore	tugas
choreographer	koreografer
choreography	koreografi
chorus	paduan suara
chosen	milih
chow	chow
chowder	chowder
christ	Kristus
christen	NO TRANSLATION
christening	baptis
christian	Kristen
christmas	natal
christmasbreak	NO TRANSLATION
christmaseve	NO TRANSLATION
christmasspirit	NO TRANSLATION
christmassy	liyana
christmastime	christmastime
chromatic	kromatik
chromatography	kromatografi
chrome	chrome
chromium	krom
chromosome	kromosom
chronic	kronis
chronicle	babad
chronograph	chronograph
chronological	kronologis
chubby	lemu
chuck	chuck
chuckle	chuckle
chug	chug
chum	chum
chummy	chummy
chump	chump
chunk	cedhak
chunky	chunky
church	gereja
churchyard	griya sakit
churn	churn
chute	pelindhung
chutney	chutney
ciao	ciao
cider	cider
cigar	cerutu
cigarette	rokok
cilantro	cilantro
cinch	cinch
cinder	cinder
cinema	wayang
cinematic	cinematic
cinematographer	cinematographer
cinematography	sinematografi
cinnamon	kayu manis
cipher	cipher
circle	bunder
circling	circling
circuit	sirkuit
circuitry	sirkuit
circular	bunder
circulate	ngedol
circulation	sirkulasi
circulatory	sirkulasi
circumcision	sunat
circumference	circumference
circumferential	circumferential
circumscribed	cedhak
circumstance	kahanan
circumstances	kahanan
circumstantial	circumstantial
circumvent	nglindhungi
circumvention	pengirangan
circus	sirkus
cirque	cirque
cirrhosis	Cirrhosis
cirrus	cirrus
cistern	cistern
citadel	citadel
citation	Kutipan
cite	cite
citizen	warga
citizenship	kewarganegaraan
citrine	Citrine
citrus	sitrus
city	kutha
citywide	ing kutha
civic	civic
civics	sipil
civil	sipil
civilian	sipil
civilians	sipil
civility	civility
civilization	peradaban
civilized	civilized
clad	klambi
claim	pratelan
claimant	ngakoni
clairvoyant	clairvoyant
clam	clam
clambake	clambake
clammy	clammy
clamor	clamor
clamp	clamp
clan	klan
clandestine	clandestine
clang	clang
clap	clap
clapper	clapper
clapping	clapping
clarification	klarifikasi
clarify	njlentrehake
clarinet	klarinet
clarion	clarion
clarity	kajelasan
clash	gelut
clashing	clashing
clasp	clasp
class	kelas
classic	klasik
classic rock	klasik rock
classical	klasik
classics	klasik
classification	klasifikasi
classified	diklasifikasikaké
classify	ngelas
classmate	classmate
classroom	kelas
classy	gaya
clatter	clatter
clause	klausa
clauses	klausa
claustrophobia	claustrophobia
claustrophobic	claustrophobic
clavicle	clavicle
claw	cakar
claws	claws
clay	lempung
clean	resik
cleaner	resik
cleaning	cleaning
cleanliness	kebersihan
cleanly	cleanly
cleanse	gawe resik
cleanser	cleanser
cleansing	reresik
cleanup	ngresiki
clear	jelas
clearance	reresik
clearing	ngresiki
clearness	cetha
cleat	cleat
cleavage	pamindhahan
cleave	ngalahake
cleaver	NO TRANSLATION
clef	clef
cleft	cleft
clemency	clemency
clench	clench
clergy	pendhita
clergyman	clergyman
cleric	cleric
clerical	clerical
clerk	clerk
clerkship	clerkship
clever	pinter
cleverness	pinter
click	klik
clicker	klik
client	klien
clientele	langganan
cliff	jurang
climate	iklim
climatology	klimatologi
climax	climax
climb	climb
climber	climber
clinch	clinch
cling	cling
clingy	clingy
clinic	klinik
clinical	klinik
clink	clink
clip	klip
clipboard	clipboard
clipper	clipper
clipping	clipping
clique	NO TRANSLATION
clitoris	clitoris
cloak	jubah
cloaking	cloaking
cloakroom	cloakroom
clobber	clobber
clock	jam
clockwork	jam
clod	clod
clog	clog
cloister	cloister
clone	Klone
cloning	kloning
close	cedhak
closed	ditutup
closeness	closeness
closet	lemari
closure	penutupan
clot	clot
cloth	kain
clothe	sandhangan
clothes	klambi
clothesline	clothesline
clothing	sandhangan
cloud	maya
clouded	mendhung
cloudiness	awan
clouds	awan
cloudy	Mendung
clout	clout
clove	cengkeh
clover	semanggi
cloves	cengkeh
clown	badut
clowns	clowns
club	klub
clubhouse	kluwarga
clubs	klub
cluck	cluck
clue	pitakon
clueless	clueless
clump	clump
clumsy	clumsy
clunk	clunk
cluster	cluster
clutch	clutch
clutches	clutches
clutter	keruwetan
coach	pelatih
coachman	pelatih
coagulation	koagulasi
coal	batu bara
coalesce	coalesce
coalition	koalisi
coarse	coarse
coast	pantai
coastal	pesisir
coaster	coaster
coastline	pantai
coat	jas
coating	lapisan
coax	coax
cobalt	kobalt
cobble	cobble
cobbler	cobbler
cobra	cobra
cocaine	kokain
cock	pitik jago
cockamamie	cockamamie
cockeyed	cockeyed
cockpit	kokpit
cockroach	kecoa
cocksucker	cocksucker
cocktail	koktail
cocky	cocky
cocoa	coklat
coconut	klapa
cocoon	kepompong
cod	cod
code	kode
codeine	kodeine
codex	codex
codfish	codfish
codification	codification
codify	codify
coding	coding
coed	coed
coefficient	koefisien
coerce	maksa
coercion	kepeksa
coercive	coercive
coexist	coexist
coexistence	urip bebarengan
coexisting	coexisting
coffee	warung
coffee table	meja kopi
coffeehouse	coffeehouse
coffeepot	coffeepot
coffin	peti mati
cog	cog
cogent	cogent
cognac	cognac
cognate	cognate
cognition	kognisi
cognitive	kognitif
cohabitation	cohabitation
coherence	koheren
coherent	koheren
cohesion	kohesi
cohesive	cohesive
cohort	kelompok
coil	koil
coiled	nyawiji
coin	koin
coinage	koin
coincide	ketepakan
coincidence	kebetulan
coincident	coincident
coincidental	coincidental
coinciding	coinciding
coke	coke
cola	cola
cold	kadhemen
coldly	kadhemen
coldness	coldness
coldsweat	NO TRANSLATION
coleslaw	coleslaw
colic	colic
coliseum	coliseum
collaborate	kolaborasi
collaboration	kolaborasi
collaborator	kolaborator
collage	kolase
collagen	kolagen
collapse	ambruk
collar	kerah
collarbone	kranjang
collate	kolase
collateral	jaminan
collation	collation
colleague	colleague
collect	ngumpulake
collected	diklumpukake
collection	koleksi
collective	bebarengan
collectively	bebarengan
collector	kolektor
college	College
collegiate	collegiate
collide	tabrakan
collie	collie
collision	tabrakan
collocation	collocation
colloquial	coro
collusion	kolusi
cologne	cologne
colon	titik
colonel	Kolonel
colonial	kolonial
colonic	colonic
colonoscopy	kolonoskopi
colony	koloni
colophon	colophon
color	werna
coloration	warna
colored	colored
colorful	warni
coloring	mewarna
colorless	ora ana werna
colors	werna
colossal	colossal
colt	colt
columbine	columbine
column	kolom
columnar	columnar
columnist	pawarta
com	NO TRANSLATION
coma	koma
comatose	komatose
comb	sisir
combat	pertempuran
combatant	pejuang
combative	combative
combination	kombinasi
combinatorial	kombinatorial
combine	gabungke
combined	digabungake
combo	kumpulan
combustible	gampang diobong
combustion	pembakaran
come	teka
comeback	mbaleni
comedian	pelawak
comedy	komedi
comet	komet
comfort	comfort
comfortable	nyaman
comforter	penghibur
comforting	nyenengake
comfy	nyenengake
comic	komik
comical	lucu
comics	komik
coming	teka
comma	koma
command	dhawuhe
commandant	komandhan
commandeer	commandeer
commander	Panglima
commanding	pangandikane
commandment	angger-angger
commando	commando
commemorate	mengeti
commemoration	pengetan
commemorative	peringatan
commence	miwiti
commend	muji
commendable	pinujia
commendation	pamuji
commensurate	cocok
comment	Komentar
commentary	katrangan
commentator	pengarang
commerce	commerce
commercial	komersial
commie	commie
commissary	komisaris
commission	Komisi
commissioner	Komisioner
commit	tumindak
commitment	prasetya
committal	committal
committed	tumindak
committee	panitia
commodity	komoditas
commodore	komodore
common	umum
commoner	commoner
commonly	umum
commonplace	biasa wae
commons	commons
commonwealth	persemakmuran
commotion	geger
communal	komunal
commune	komune
communicable	communicable
communicate	komunikasi
communication	komunikasi
communicative	komunikasi
communicator	communicator
communion	komuni
communism	komunisme
communist	komunis
community	masyarakat
commutation	commutation
commutative	komutatif
commute	ngalih
commuter	komuter
comp	komp
compact	kompak
compaction	kompak
compactness	kompak
companion	kanca
companionless	companionless
companionship	companionship
company	perusahaan
comparable	sing bisa ditrapake
comparative	komparatif
comparatively	kanthi rélatif
compare	mbandhingaké
comparison	perbandingan
compartment	kompartemen
compass	kompas
compassion	karep
compassionate	welas asih
compatibility	kompatibilitas
compatible	kompatibel
compel	ngguyu
compelled	dipeksa
compelling	nyemangati
compendium	compendium
compensate	ngisi
compensation	ganti rugi
compensatory	compensatory
compete	saingan
competence	kompetensi
competency	kompetensi
competent	cekap
competition	kompetisi
competitive	competitive
competitor	pesaing
compilation	kompilasi
compile	kompilasi
complacency	puas
complacent	kepenak
complain	sambat
complaint	keluhan
complement	ngompliti
complementary	komplementer
complete	lengkap
completed	rampung
completely	rampung
completeness	completeness
completing	ngrampungake
completion	rampung
complex	Komplek
complexed	kompleks
complexion	pola
complexity	kerumitan
compliance	selaras
compliant	cecek
complicate	rumit
complicated	rumit
complication	komplikasi
complicity	complicity
compliment	NO TRANSLATION
complimentary	tambahan
comply	tundhuk
complying	complying
compo	compo
component	komponen
compose	nyipta
composed	dumadi
composer	komposer
composite	komposit
composition	komposisi
compost	kompos
composure	ketenangan
compound	senyawa
comprehend	paham
comprehension	pangerten
comprehensive	lengkap
compress	kompres
compressed	dikompresi
compressible	kompresibel
compression	kompresi
compressor	kompresor
comprise	ngemot
compromise	kompromi
comptroller	comptroller
compulsion	pamrih
compulsive	kompulsif
compulsory	wajib
computable	bisa dipirsani
computation	komputasi
compute	ngitung
computer	komputer
computerized	komputerisasi
computing	komputasi
comrade	kanca
con	NO TRANSLATION
concatenation	concatenation
concave	cekak
conceal	ndhelikake
concealed	ndhelik
concealment	ndhelikake
concede	setuju
conceit	seneng banget
conceited	sedhih banget
conceivable	kepikiran
conceive	ngandhut
concentrate	konsentrasi
concentration	konsentrasi
concentric	konsisten
concept	konsep
conception	konsepsi
concern	badhan
concerned	mrihatinake
concert	konser
concerto	konser
concession	konsesi
concessional	concessional
conch	conch
concierge	concierge
conciliation	konsiliasi
concise	ringkes
conclave	conclave
conclude	nyimpulake
concluding	concluding
conclusion	kesimpulan
conclusive	conclusive
concoction	concoction
concomitant	concomitant
concord	concord
concordance	concordance
concours	NO TRANSLATION
concourse	concourse
concrete	konkrit
concubine	selir
concur	setuju
concurrence	kasepakatan
concurrent	bebarengan
concurring	setuju
concussion	geger
condemn	ngukum
condemnation	paukuman
condensation	kondensasi
condensed	kental
condescending	condescending
condescension	condescension
condiment	condiment
condition	kondisi
conditional	kondisional
conditionally	kondhisi
conditioned	kahanan
conditioner	kondhisi
conditioning	kahanan
conditions	kahanan
condo	condo
condolence	condolence
condolences	belasungkawa
condom	kondom
condone	condone
condor	condor
conducive	kondusif
conduct	tumindak
conduction	konduksi
conductivity	konduktivitas
conductor	konduktor
conduit	conduit
cone	kerucut
confederacy	konfederasi
confederate	confederate
confederation	konfederasi
confer	confer
conference	Konferensi
confess	ngakeni
confession	pratelan
confessional	pengakuan
confessions	pangakon
confetti	confetti
confidant	confidant
confide	ngandel
confidence	kapercayan
confident	mantep
confidential	rahasia
confidentiality	rahasia
confidentially	NO TRANSLATION
configuration	konfigurasi
confine	ngurung
confined	Dibuwang
confinement	confinement
confines	watesan
confirm	konfirmasi
confirmation	konfirmasi
confirmatory	confirmatory
confirmed	dikonfirmasi
confiscate	ngrampog
confiscation	kompensasi
conflagration	kebakaran
conflict	konflik
conflicting	konflik
confluence	confluence
conform	salaras
conformance	konformansi
conformation	NO TRANSLATION
conformity	aturan
confound	bingung
confounded	bingung
confront	ngadhepi
confrontation	konfrontasi
confuse	bingung
confused	bingung
confusing	bingung
confusion	kebingungan
conga	conga
congenial	congenial
congenital	kongenital
congestion	kemacetan
conglomerate	konglomerat
conglomeration	konglomerasi
congrats	congrats
congratulate	congratulate
congratulation	salam sejahtera
congratulations	Sugeng
congratulatory	congratulatory
congregate	ngumpul
congregation	jemaah
congress	kongres
congressional	Kongres
congressman	kongres
congruence	congruence
conic	conic
conical	conical
conjecture	konjektur
conjugal	conjugal
conjugate	conjugate
conjugation	conjugation
conjunction	klebu
conjunctive	conjunctive
conjure	nyemangati
conjuring	conjuring
conk	conk
connect	nyambungake
connected	disambungake
connection	sambungan
connective	nyambungake
connoisseur	pancake
conquer	digdaya
conquering	ngalahake
conqueror	penakluk
conquest	penaklukan
conscience	kalbu
conscientious	konsisten
conscious	sadar
consciousness	eling
conscription	conscription
consecrated	disucekake
consecration	consecration
consecutive	consecutive
consensual	konsensual
consensus	konsensus
consent	setuju
consenting	setuju
consequence	akibat
consequent	akibat
conservation	konservasi
conservatism	konservatisme
conservative	konservatif
conservatory	konservasi
conserve	ngreksa
consider	nimbang
considerable	Gedhe
considerate	konsisten
consideration	pertimbangan
consignee	consignee
consignment	konsinyasi
consist	kalebu
consistency	konsistensi
consistent	konsisten
consolation	panglipur
console	console
consoled	nyemangati
consolidate	nggabungake
consolidated	nggabungake
consolidation	konsolidasi
consonant	konsonan
consort	konsèp
conspicuous	conspicuous
conspiracy	konspirasi
conspirator	komplotan
conspire	nglumpukake
constable	constable
constancy	konstan
constant	terus-terusan
constantly	terus
constellation	rasi lintang
consternation	keprihatinan
constipation	constipation
constituency	konstituensi
constituent	constituent
constituents	konstituen
constitute	akehe
constitution	konstitusi
constitutional	konstitusi
constitutionality	konstitusi
constrain	ngganggu
constrained	dibuwang
constraint	watesan
construct	mbangun
construction	konstruksi
constructive	mbangun
construe	mbatesi
consul	konsul
consulate	konsulat
consult	konsultasi
consultant	konsultan
consultation	konsultasi
consume	mangan
consumer	konsumen
consuming	mangan
consummate	sampurna
consummation	consummation
consumption	konsumsi
contact	kontak
contagion	contagion
contagious	contagious
contain	ngemot
container	sing
containment	containment
contaminate	contaminate
contaminated	kontaminasi
contamination	kontaminasi
contemplate	ngelingi
contemplation	kontemplasi
contemplative	kontemplatif
contemporaneous	kontemporer
contemporary	kontemporer
contempt	penghinaan
contemptible	nesu
contemptuous	ngapusi
contend	padu
contender	pesaing
contending	contending
content	isi
contented	nyenengake
contention	pratelan
contentious	contentious
contentment	kepuasan
contents	isi
contest	kontes
contestant	kontestan
context	konteks
contiguous	cedhak
continence	continence
continent	bawana
continental	kontinental
contingency	contingency
contingent	contingent
continual	terus-terusan
continually	terus-terusan
continuance	terus-terusan
continuation	lanjutan
continue	terus
continued	terus
continuing	terus
continuity	kasambung
continuous	terus-terusan
continuously	terus-terusan
continuum	terus
contour	kontur
contraband	contraband
contraception	kontrasepsi
contract	kontrak
contracted	dikontrak
contractile	kontraktil
contracting	kontrak
contraction	kontraksi
contractor	kontraktor
contradict	contradict
contradiction	kontradiksi
contradictory	contradictory
contraption	contraption
contrary	nalisir
contrast	kontras
contrasted	contrasted
contravene	contravene
contravention	contravention
contribute	kontribusi
contribution	kontribusi
contributor	kontributor
contrite	contrite
contrition	contrition
contrived	contrived
control	kontrol
controller	controller
controlling	Ngontrol
controversial	kontroversial
controversy	kontroversi
contusion	contusion
conundrum	conundrum
convalescent	nyurung
convection	konveksi
convene	rapat
convenience	penak
conveniences	kesenengan
convenient	trep
convent	biara
convention	Konvensi
conventional	conventional
converge	nglumpukake
convergence	konvergensi
convergent	convergent
conversant	wong tuwa
conversation	obrolan
conversational	conversational
conversationalist	conversationalist
converse	wisata
conversing	conversing
conversion	konversi
convert	Ngonversi
converted	diowahi
convertible	konversi
convex	cembung
convexity	convexity
convey	ngirim
conveyance	conveyance
conveyancing	conveyancing
convict	convict
conviction	keyakinan
convince	yakinake
convinced	yakin
convincing	meyakinkan
convocation	convocation
convoluted	convoluted
convolution	Konvolusi
convoy	convoy
coo	coo
cook	masak
cookbook	buku masak
cooker	kompor
cookery	masak
cookie	cookie
cookies	cookie
cooking	adhang
cookout	cookout
cool	kelangan
coolant	coolant
cooler	adhem
cooling	cooling
coolness	kahanan
coon	coon
coop	coop
cooperate	makarya
cooperating	nyengkuyung
cooperation	kerjasama
cooperative	pengusaha
coordinate	koordinasi
coordination	sesambungan
coordinator	koordinator
cop	pulisi
copacetic	NO TRANSLATION
cope	ngrampungake
copier	copier
copilot	copilot
coping	nanggulangi
copious	copious
copper	tembaga
copter	copter
copy	salinan
copycat	copycat
copying	Nyalin
copyright	hak cipta
coral	koral
coral snake	ular koral
cord	tali
cordial	cordial
cordless	tanpa kabel
cordon	cordon
corduroy	corduroy
core	inti
cork	Cork
corkscrew	corkscrew
corn	jagung
cornball	cornball
cornbread	roti jagung
cornea	kornea
corned	corned
corner	sudhut
cornerstone	cornerstone
cornet	cornet
cornfield	cornfield
cornflakes	NO TRANSLATION
cornice	cornice
cornstarch	cornstarch
corny	corny
corollary	corollary
corona	korona
coronary	koroner
coronation	koronasi
coroner	koroner
corporal	kopral
corporate	perusahaan
corporation	perusahaan
corporeal	corporeal
corps	corps
corpse	mayit
corpsman	corpsman
corpus	corpus
corral	corral
correct	bener
correction	koreksi
correctional	mbenerake
corrective	mbenerake
correctness	bener
correlation	korélasi
correlative	korelatif
correspond	cocog
correspondence	korespondensi
correspondent	koresponden
corresponding	sing cocog
corridor	koridor
corroborate	corroborate
corroboration	koruptor
corrosion	karat
corrosive	corrosive
corrupt	ngrusak
corrupting	ngrusak
corruption	korupsi
corsage	corsage
corse	NO TRANSLATION
corset	korset
cortex	cortex
cortical	cortikal
cortisone	kortisone
corvette	corvette
cosmetic	kosmetik
cosmetics	kosmetik
cosmic	kosmik
cosmology	kosmologi
cosmopolitan	kosmopolitan
cosmos	kosmos
cost	biaya
costly	larang regane
costume	kostum
cosy	nyaman
cot	gubuk
cote	cote
cottage	pondhok
cotton	katun
couch	kursi
cougar	cougar
cough	watuk
council	dewan
councilman	anggota dewan
counsel	penasehat
counseling	konseling
counsellor	penasihat
counselor	penasihat
count	count
countdown	countdown
countenance	countenance
counter	nglawan
counteract	counteract
counterattack	counterattack
counterbalance	ngimbangi
counterclaim	counterclaim
counterfeit	palsu
counterpart	pasangan
counterpoint	counterpoint
countess	countess
countless	ora akeh
country	negara
countryman	negara
countrymusic	NO TRANSLATION
countryside	desa
counts	counts
county	Negoro
coup	kudeta
coupe	Coupe
couple	saperangan
coupled	ditambahake
coupling	kopling
coupon	kupon
courage	wani
courageous	wani
courier	kurir
courses	kursus
coursing	ngembangake
court	pengadilan
courteous	sopan
courtesy	kasetyan
courthouse	pengadilan
courtroom	ing kamar sidhang
courts	pengadilan
courtship	pacaran
courtside	ing sisih kiwa
courtyard	jogan
cousin	seduluré
cousins	sepupu
cove	cove
coven	coven
covenant	prajanjian
cover	tutup
coverage	jangkoan
covered	ditutupi
covering	panutup
covert	covert
covet	covet
coveted	coveted
cow	sapi
coward	pengecut
cowardice	kekuwatan
cowardly	pengecut
cowboy	kobong
cowgirl	cowgirl
cowhand	cowhand
cowhide	kulit
cowl	cowl
coworker	kanca
coy	coy
coyote	coyote
cozy	nyaman
crab	kepiting
crabby	crabby
crack	crack
cracked	retak
cracker	cracker
crackerjack	crackerjack
cracking	cracking
crackle	crackle
crackpot	crackpot
cradle	cradle
craft	kerajinan
crafts	Kerajinan
craftsman	tukang
craftsmanship	Craftsmanship
crafty	licik
craig	craig
cram	cram
crammed	crammed
cramp	cramp
cramped	cramped
cranberry	cranberry
cranberry juice	jus cranberry
crane	crane
cranial	cranial
cranium	cranium
crank	engkol
cranky	cranky
cranny	cranny
crap	crap
crappy	crappy
craps	craps
crash	kacilakan
crass	crass
crate	crita
crater	kawah
crave	crave
craving	nesu
crawfish	crawfish
crawl	nyusup
crayon	krayon
crayons	crayons
craze	craze
crazed	crazed
craziness	craziness
crazy	gila
creak	creak
creaking	creaking
cream	krim
creamed	creamed
creamer	creamer
creamy	krim
crease	crease
create	nggawe
creation	nggawe
creative	kreatif
creativity	kreativitas
creator	nitahake
creature	makhluk
credence	kapercayan
credential	kapercayan
credentials	kapercayan
credibility	kredibilitas
credible	kredibel
credit	kredit
credit card	kertu kredit
creditable	dikarepake
credited	dikreditake
crediting	krediting
creditor	kreditor
creed	akidah
creek	creek
creep	creep
creeper	creeper
creeping	creeping
creepy	creepy
cremation	cremation
creole	creole
crepe	crepe
crescendo	crescendo
crescent	Crescent
crest	puncake
crestfallen	crestfallen
cretin	cretin
cretins	cretins
crevice	crevice
crew	kru
crewman	crewman
crib	crib
cricket	jangkrik
cried	nangis
crime	tindak pidana
criminal	pidana
criminality	kriminalitas
crimp	crimp
crimson	layung
cringe	cringe
cripple	cripple
crippled	lumpuh
crippling	lumpuh
crisis	krisis
crisp	asri
crispy	crispy
criterion	ukuran
critic	kritikus
critical	kritis
criticise	ngritik
criticism	kritik
criticize	ngritik
criticized	ngritik
critique	kritik
critter	critter
croak	croak
croc	croc
crock	crock
crockery	crockery
crocodile	buaya
croft	croft
croissant	croissant
crook	crook
crooked	bengkong
crop	potong
croquet	croquet
cross	salib
cross country	salib negara
crossbow	crossbow
crossed	nyabrang
crossfire	crossfire
crossing	nyebrang
crossover	crossover
crosswalk	crosswalk
crossword	crossword
crotch	selakangan
crouch	crouch
crouched	crouched
crouching	crouching
croupier	croupier
crow	manuk gagak
crowbar	linggis
crowd	wong akeh
crowded	crowded
crowds	akeh
crown	makutha
crowning	crowning
crucial	wigati
cruciate	cruciate
crucifix	crucifix
crucifixion	penyaliban
crucify	nyalib
crud	crud
crude	crude
cruel	kejem
cruelly	kejem
cruelty	kekejeman
cruise	cruise
cruise ship	kapal pesiar
cruiser	cruiser
cruising	cruising
crumb	crumb
crumble	crumble
crumbling	crumbling
crummy	crummy
crunch	crunch
crunchy	crunchy
crusade	perang salib
crusader	crusader
crush	tresna
crushed	ulig
crusher	crusher
crushing	crushing
crust	kerak bumi
crusty	crusty
crutch	crutch
crux	crux
cry	nangis
crybaby	crybaby
crying	nangis
crypt	crypt
cryptic	sedhih
cryptography	kriptografi
crystal	kristal
crystalline	kristal
crystallization	kristalisasi
cub	cub
cubby	cubby
cube	cube
cubic	kubik
cubicle	cubicle
cuckold	cuckold
cuckoo	cuckoo
cucumber	timun
cuddle	cuddle
cuddled	cuddled
cuddles	cuddles
cuddling	cuddling
cue	cue
cuff	di iket
cuisine	Masakan
culinary	kuliner
cull	cull
culminate	culminate
culmination	culmination
culpability	culpability
culpable	culpable
culprit	culprit
cult	kultus
cultivate	cultivate
cultivated	lestarekake
cultivation	budidaya
cultural	budaya
culture	budaya
cultured	budayane
culvert	culvert
cumbersome	cumbersome
cumulus	cumulus
cunning	cunning
cunt	cunt
cup	cup
cupboard	cupboard
cupcake	cupcake
cupping	cupping
cur	saiki
curable	kelangan
curate	curate
curative	curative
curator	kurator
curb	curb
curd	curd
cure	ngobati
curfew	curfew
curiosity	penasaran
curious	penasaran
curl	nggulung
curling	curling
currency	dhuwit
current	saiki
curriculum	kurikulum
curry	kari
curse	kutuk
cursed	dikutuk
cursing	cursing
cursory	cursory
curt	singkat
curtail	curtail
curtailment	curtailment
curtain	sandiworo
curtains	langsir
curtsy	langsing
curvature	lengkungan
curve	kurva
curved	melengkung
curvilinear	curvilinear
cushion	bantal
cushy	cushy
cusp	cusp
cuss	cuss
cussed	cussed
custard	custard
custodial	custodial
custodian	custodian
custody	nyegah
custom	adat
customary	adat
customer	pelanggan
customized	kustomisasi
cut	Cut
cutaneous	cutaneous
cute	banget
cuticle	kutikula
cutie	ayu
cutlass	cutlass
cutlery	cutlery
cutoff	Cepet
cutter	pemotong
cutters	cutters
cutthroat	cutthroat
cutting	nglereni
cutting board	papan pemotong
cuttings	cuttings
cwt	cwt
cyanide	sianida
cyberspace	cyberspace
cycle	sepeda; Pit; ontel
cyclical	cyclical
cyclist	cyclist
cyclone	siklon
cylinder	silinder
cylindrical	silinder
cymbal	cymbal
cynic	cynic
cynical	cynical
cynicism	cynicism
cyst	cyst
cystic	cystic
cytomegalovirus	cytomegalovirus
cytoplasm	sitoplasma
czar	czar
dab	dab
dabble	dabble
dabbling	dabbling
dad	dad
daddy	daddy
dado	NO TRANSLATION
daemon	daemon
daft	daft
dagger	dagger
daily	saben dina
dainty	adoh
daiquiri	daiquiri
dairy	susu
daisy	Daisy
dak	NO TRANSLATION
dale	dale
dam	dam
damage	karusakan
damaged	rusak
damages	kerusakan
dame	dame
damn	peduli
damnation	damnation
damned	dikutuk
damp	lembab
dampened	dampened
damper	damper
damsel	Bocah wadon
dance	tari
dancer	penari
dancing	tarian
dandruff	dandruff
dandy	dandy
danger	bebaya
dangerous	mbebayani
dangerously	mbebayani
dangit	NO TRANSLATION
dangle	dangle
dank	NO TRANSLATION
dapper	dapper
dare	wani
daredevil	daredevil
daresay	daresay
daring	daring
dark	peteng
darken	darken
darkened	peteng
darkly	nangis
darkness	peteng
darkroom	darkroom
darkside	sisih peteng
darling	darling
darn	darn
dart	dart
dash	dash
dashboard	dashboard
dashed	mati
dashing	dashing
dastardly	dastardly
data	data
database	basis data
date	tanggal
datenight	NO TRANSLATION
daughter	putri
dawdle	dawdle
dawn	esuk
dawned	dawuh
day	dina
daybreak	awan
daycare	daycare
daydream	daydream
daydreaming	daydreaming
daylight	awan
daymade	NO TRANSLATION
dayoff	NO TRANSLATION
daytime	awan
daze	daze
dazed	kaget
dazzle	dazzle
dazzling	nyenengake
deacon	deacon
deactivate	mateni
dead	mati
deadbeat	mati
deadline	deadline
deadlines	wektu tundha
deadlock	deadlock
deadly	mateni
deaf	budheg
deafening	deafening
deafness	kuping
deal	menehi hasil
dealer	bakul
dealership	dealership
dealing	urusan, setuju
dealings	urusan
dean	dean
dear	dear
dearest	dearest
dearth	dearth
death	mati
deathbed	deathbed
deathly	sedhih
debacle	debacle
debased	debased
debatable	debatable
debate	debat
debauchery	debauchery
debenture	debenture
debilitating	debilitating
debit	debit
debrief	debrief
debriefing	debriefing
debris	lebu
debt	utang
debtor	utang
debut	debut
debutante	debutante
decade	dasawarsa
decadence	decadence
decadent	decadent
decaf	decaf
decanter	decanter
decathlon	decathlon
decay	rusak
decayed	cacat
decaying	decaying
deceased	almarhum
decedent	decedent
deceit	ngapusi
deceitful	ngapusi
deceive	ngapusi
deceived	ngapusi
deceiving	ngapusi
december	Desember
decency	kabecikan
decent	sopan
deception	ngapusi
deceptive	ngapusi
decide	mutusake
decidedly	mesthi
deciduous	deciduous
decimal	desimal
decimeter	decimeter
decipher	decipher
decision	keputusan
decisive	nemtokake
deck	dek
declaration	deklarasi
declaratory	declaratory
declare	ngumumake
declination	declination
decline	Kurangé populasi
declining	nyuda
deco	deco
decode	decode
decoder	decoder
decompose	decompose
decomposed	decomposed
decomposition	dekomposisi
decompress	decompress
decompression	decompression
decontamination	dekontaminasi
decor	dekorasi
decorate	dekorasi
decorating	dekorasi
decoration	dekorasi
decorative	hiasan
decorator	decorator
decorum	decorum
decoy	decoy
decrease	nyuda
decreased	mudhun
decreasing	mundhak
decree	dekrit
decrement	decrement
decrepit	mandhap
decry	decry
decryption	dekripsi
dedicate	dedicate
dedication	dedikasi
deduce	deduce
deduct	deduct
deductible	deductible
deduction	pengurangan
deed	tumindak
deejay	deejay
deem	Deleng
deep	jero
deepen	jero
deer	rusa
defamation	fitnah
defamatory	defamatory
default	standar
defeat	kekalahan
defeated	dikalahake
defeatist	defeatist
defect	cacat
defection	defection
defective	cacat
defector	defector
defend	defend
defendant	didakwa
defended	mbela
defender	defender
defending	mbela
defense	pertahanan
defenseless	defenseless
defensible	defensible
defensive	defensive
defer	nolak
deference	anggepan
deferral	deferral
deferring	deferring
defiance	defiance
defiant	defiant
defibrillator	defibrillator
deficiency	kurang
deficient	kurang
deficit	defisit
define	netepake
defined	ditetepake
definite	mesthi
definition	definisi
definitive	definitif
deflate	deflate
deflation	deflation
deflect	deflect
deflection	deflection
defloration	defloration
deform	cacat
deformed	cacat
deformity	cacat
defraud	defraud
defray	defray
defrost	defrost
deft	deft
defunct	defunct
defuse	defuse
defy	defy
degeneracy	degeneracy
degenerate	degenerate
degeneration	degenerasi
degradation	degradasi
degrade	degrade
degraded	mudhun
degrading	ngilangi
degree	gelar
dehydrated	Dehidrasi
dehydration	dehidrasi
dejected	nesu
delay	tundha
delayed	telat
delectable	seneng banget
delegate	utusan
delegation	delegasi
delete	Mbusak
deleterious	deleterious
deletion	pambusakan
deli	deli
deliberate	disengaja
deliberation	musyawarah
deliberative	deliberative
delicacy	delicacy
delicate	alus
delicatessen	delicatessen
delicious	éca
delight	bungah
delighted	nyenengake
delightful	seneng banget
delineate	delineate
delineation	delineation
delinquency	kenakalan
delinquent	delinquent
delirious	delirious
delirium	kelingan
deliver	ngirim
deliverance	pambebasan
delivery	pangiriman
dell	dell
delta	delta
delude	delude
deluge	banjir
delusion	delusion
delusional	delusional
deluxe	deluxe
delve	delve
demand	dikarepake
demanding	nuntut
demeaned	demeaned
demeaning	nyenyuwun
demeanor	demeanor
demented	demented
dementia	dementia
demise	demise
demo	demo
democracy	demokrasi
democrat	demokrat
democratic	demokratis
demographic	demografi
demolish	ngrusak
demolished	demolisi
demolition	demolition
demon	setan
demonic	demonic
demonstrable	bisa ditemokake
demonstrate	nuduhake
demonstrated	tontonan
demonstrating	nuduhake
demonstration	demo
demonstrative	demonstrative
demonstrator	demonstrator
demoralized	demoralized
demos	demo
demure	demure
den	NO TRANSLATION
deniability	deniability
denial	penolakan
denied	ora ulih
denim	denim
denomination	denominasi
denominational	denominasional
denominator	denominator
denote	tegese
denounce	denounce
dense	kandhel
density	Kapadhetan
dent	dent
dental	dental
dentist	dokter gigi
dentistry	Dentistry
dentists	dokter gigi
denunciation	denunciation
deny	nolak
denying	nolak
deodorant	deodorant
depart	mangkat
departed	mangkat
department	departemen
departmental	departemen
departure	departure
depend	gumantung
dependable	gumantung
dependant	gumantung
dependence	ketergantungan
dependency	ketergantungan
dependent	gumantung
depict	nggambar
depicting	nggambar
depletion	kekurangan
deplorable	deplorable
deplore	deplore
deploy	nyebarke
deployment	penyebaran
deport	deport
deportation	deportasi
depose	depose
deposit	simpenan
depositary	depositary
deposition	deposition
depository	depository
depot	depot
depraved	depraved
depravity	depravity
depreciate	depreciate
depreciated	depreciated
depreciation	panyusutan
depress	depress
depressed	nandhang sungkowo
depressing	depressing
depression	depresi
depressive	depresi
depresson	NO TRANSLATION
deprivation	nyuda
deprive	deprive
deprived	dilarang
depth	ambane
deputy	Wakil
derail	derail
deranged	deranged
derelict	derelict
derision	derision
derivation	derivasi
derivative	turunan
derive	niru
dermal	dermal
dermatologist	dermatologist
dermatology	dermatologi
derogation	derogation
derogatory	derogatory
descend	medhak
descendant	keturunan
descendent	NO TRANSLATION
descending	mudhun
descent	keturunan
describe	njlentrehake
description	deskripsi
descriptive	deskriptif
desecrate	desecrate
desecration	desecration
desert	sepi
deserted	ninggalake
deserter	deserter
desertion	desertion
deserve	pantes
deserved	pantes
deserving	pantes
design	desain
designate	ngrancang
designated	ditetepake
designation	sebutan
designed	dirancang
designer	Desainer
designing	ngrancang
desirability	kepenginan
desirable	sing dikarepake
desire	kepinginan
desiring	desiring
desirous	kepinginan
desist	desist
desk	meja
desolate	sepi
desolation	desolation
despair	mutung
despairing	nuwun
despatch	despatch
desperado	desperado
desperate	nekat
desperation	kepengine
despicable	despicable
despise	nyepelekake
despondent	sedhih banget
despotic	despotik
despotism	despotism
dessert	dessert
destination	panggonan
destined	kepenak
destiny	nasibe
destitute	mlarat
destroy	sirna
destroyed	sirna
destroyer	pemusnahan
destroying	ngancurake
destruct	destruct
destruction	karusakan
destructive	ngrusak
detach	copot
detached	suwek
detachment	detasemen
detail	rinci
detailed	rinci
details	rincian
detain	nahan
detainee	tahanan
detect	ndeteksi
detectable	bisa dideteksi
detection	deteksi
detective	detektif
detector	detektor
detention	tahanan
deter	ngalangi
detergent	deterjen
deteriorate	deteriorate
deteriorated	deteriorated
deteriorating	deteriorating
deterioration	rusak
determinable	bisa ditemtokake
determinate	determinate
determination	tekad
determine	nemtokake
determined	ditemtokake
deterrent	nambani
detest	ngguyu
detestation	nesu
detonate	detonate
detonation	detonasi
detonator	detonator
detour	jalan muter
detract	detract
detriment	detriment
detrimental	ngrusak
detritus	detritus
deuce	deuce
deutschmark	deutschmark
devalued	devalued
devastate	devastate
devastated	rusak
devastating	nyerang
devastation	devastasi
develop	berkembang
developer	pangembang
developing	ngembangake
development	pangembangan
deviant	nyimpang
deviate	nyimpang
deviating	nyimpang
deviation	penyimpangan
device	piranti
devil	setan
deviled	deviled
devilish	setan
devious	nyasar
devise	nyipta
devoid	boten
devolution	devolusi
devolve	devolve
devote	devote
devoted	sing dikarepake
devotee	devotee
devotion	pengabdian
devotional	devotional
devour	mangan
devout	taqwa
dew	embun
dexter	dexter
dexterity	dexterity
dextrose	dextrose
diabetes	diabetes
diabetic	diabetes
diabolical	diabolical
diagnose	diagnosa
diagnosis	diagnosa
diagnostic	diagnostik
diagnostics	diagnostik
diagonal	diagonal
diagram	diagram
dial	nelpon
dialect	dialect
dialectic	dialectic
dialogue	dialog
dialysis	dialisis
diameter	diameteripun
diamond	mirah
diamonds	perhiasan
diaper	diaper
diaphragm	diaphragm
diarrhea	diare
diarrhoea	diare
diary	diary
diatribe	diatribe
dib	NO TRANSLATION
dibs	dibs
dice	dadu
dicey	dicey
dichotomous	dichotomous
dichotomy	dikotomi
dick	kontol
dickhead	dickhead
dicks	dicks
dictate	dictate
dictation	dictation
dictator	diktator
dictatorial	dictatorial
dictatorship	dictatorship
diction	diction
dictionary	kamus
dictum	NO TRANSLATION
didactic	didactic
diddle	diddle
die	NO TRANSLATION
died	seda
diesel	diesel
diet	diet
dietary	dietary
differ	beda-beda
difference	prabédan
differences	beda
different	beda
differential	diferensial
differentiation	diferensiasi
differently	beda
differing	beda-beda
difficult	angel
difficulties	kesulitan
difficulty	angel
diffuse	nyebar
diffusion	difusi
dig	NO TRANSLATION
digest	digest
digestion	pencernaan
digestive	pencernaan
digit	digit
digital	digital
dignified	dignified
dignify	dignify
dignity	kamulyan
digress	digress
digs	NO TRANSLATION
dike	dike
dilapidated	dilapidated
dilatation	dilatation
dilation	dilation
dildo	dildo
dilemma	dilema
diligence	rajin
diligent	diligent
dill	dill
diluent	diluent
dilute	dilute
diluted	diencerke
dilution	dilusi
dim	dim
dime	dime
dimension	ukuran
dimensional	dimensi
diminish	diminish
diminished	cacat
diminution	diminution
diminutive	diminutive
dimwit	dimwit
din	NO TRANSLATION
dine	mangan
diner	diner
dinghy	dinghy
dingo	dingo
dingy	dingy
dining	dining
dinky	dinky
dinner	nedha bengi
dinnertime	dinnertime
dinosaur	dinosaurus
dint	dint
diocesan	diocesan
diocese	keuskupan
diorama	diorama
dioxide	dioxide
dip	dip
diploma	diploma
diplomacy	diplomasi
diplomat	diplomat
diplomatic	diplomatik
dipper	dipper
dippy	dippy
dipstick	dipstick
dire	NO TRANSLATION
direct	langsung
directed	katuntun
direction	arah
directive	langsung
directly	langsung
director	direktur
directory	direktori
dirt	rereget
dirty	reged
disability	cacat
disable	mateni
disabled	dipatèni
disadvantage	cacat
disaffected	disaffected
disagree	ora setuju
disagreeable	disagreeable
disagreeing	disagreeing
disagreement	disagreement
disallow	disallow
disallowed	ora diijini
disapointment	NO TRANSLATION
disappear	ilang
disappearance	ilang
disappearing	ilang
disappoint	nguciwani
disappointed	kuciwa
disappointing	nguciwani
disappointment	kuciwa
disapproval	ora setuju
disapprove	ora setuju
disapproved	ora setuju
disapproving	ora setuju
disarm	disarm
disarray	disarray
disaster	bilai
disastrous	kacilakan
disband	disband
disbelief	kuciwa
disbelieve	ora ngandel
disburse	disburse
disbursement	disbursement
disc	disk
discard	discard
discarded	dibuwang
discards	nyelehake
discern	mbedakake
discernible	katon
discerning	discerning
discernment	pangreten
discharge	discharge
disciple	murid
disciplinary	disiplin
discipline	disiplin
disciplined	disiplin
disclaim	mbantah
disclaimer	disclaimer
disclose	nyampekano informasi
disclosed	dibeberke
disclosure	pambocoran
disco	disko
discoloration	discoloration
discolored	ngilangi
discomfort	rasa ora nyaman
disconcerted	bingung
disconcerting	bingung
disconnect	medhot sambungan
disconnected	dicenthang
disconnection	pamisah
disconnects	dicopot
discontent	ora pantes
discontinuance	discontinuance
discontinue	discontinue
discontinuity	diskontinuitas
discontinuous	discontinuous
discord	prakara
discount	diskon
discounted	diskon
discourage	nyuda
discouraged	pundung
discouragement	keputusane
discouraging	nyemangati
discourse	wacana
discover	nemokake
discovery	panemuan
discredit	discredit
discredited	discredited
discreet	NO TRANSLATION
discrepancy	bedane
discrete	diskrèt
discretion	discretion
discretionary	discretionary
discriminate	diskriminasi
discriminating	discriminating
discrimination	diskriminasi
discus	diskus
discuss	ngrembug
discussion	diskusi
disdain	disdain
disdainful	disdainful
disease	penyakit
diseased	diseased
disembodied	disembodied
disengage	disengage
disengagement	disengagement
disfigured	disfigured
disgrace	disgrace
disgraced	ngremehake
disgraceful	disgraceful
disgruntled	disgruntled
disguise	nyamarake
disguised	disguised
disgust	nesu
disgusted	jinak
disgusting	njijiki
dish	sajian
disheartened	kurang ajar
disheartening	disheartening
dishonest	ora adil
dishonesty	ngapusi
dishonor	ngapusi
dishonorable	ora sopan
dishwasher	dishwasher
disillusionment	kekurangan
disinclination	disinlinasi
disincline	disincline
disinclined	disinclined
disinfect	disinfect
disinfectant	disinfektan
disinfection	disinfeksi
disinformation	disinformasi
disingenuous	disingenuous
disintegrate	disintegrate
disintegration	disintegrasi
disinterested	disinterested
disjoint	disjoint
disjointed	disjointed
disjunctive	disjunctive
disk	disk
diskette	diskette
dislike	ora kaya
disliked	disliked
disliking	disliking
dislocated	dislocated
dislocation	dislokasi
dislodge	dislodge
disloyal	disloyal
disloyalty	disloyalty
dismal	dismal
dismantle	dismantle
dismay	dismay
dismayed	dismayed
dismemberment	dismemberment
dismiss	ngilangi
dismissal	pemecahan
dismissive	mbantah
dismount	dismount
disobedience	disobedience
disobedient	disobedient
disobey	disobey
disorder	kelainan
disordered	disordered
disorderly	pas banget
disorganized	disorganised
disorientation	disorientation
disoriented	disoriented
disown	disown
disparage	disparage
disparaging	disparaging
disparate	disparate
disparity	disparity
dispassionate	dispassionate
dispatch	ngirim
dispatcher	dispatcher
dispel	ngilangi
dispensary	dispensary
dispensation	dispensasi
dispense	dispense
dispenser	dispenser
dispersal	dispersal
disperse	nyebarake
dispersed	buyar
dispersion	dispersi
dispirited	dispirited
displace	ngganggu
displaced	terlantar
displacement	pamindhahan
displacency	pamindhahan
display	tampilan
displease	displease
displeased	displeased
displeasure	displeasure
disposable	Disposable
disposal	pembuangan
dispose	mbuwang
disposed	dibuwang
disposition	panggonan
dispossessed	dicokot
disprove	disprove
dispute	regejegan
disqualification	disqualification
disqualified	disqualified
disqualify	disqualify
disquieted	disquieted
disregard	disregard
disregarded	diabaikan
disrelish	disrelish
disreputable	disreputable
disrepute	disrepute
disrespect	disrespect
disrespectful	disrespectful
disrupt	ngganggu
disrupting	ngganggu
disruption	gangguan
disruptive	disruptive
dissatisfaction	dissatisfaction
dissatisfied	ora puas
dissect	dissect
dissection	dissection
disseminate	nyebarake
dissemination	panyebaran
dissension	panyimpangan
dissent	dissent
dissenting	dissenting
dissertation	disertasi
disservice	disservice
dissident	dissident
dissimilar	beda
dissipate	dissipate
dissipated	dissipated
dissociation	disosiasi
dissociative	dissociative
dissolution	pembubaran
dissolve	dissolve
dissonance	dissonance
dissuade	dissuade
distal	distal
distance	jarak
distant	adoh
distaste	distaste
distasteful	distasteful
distillate	distillate
distillation	distilasi
distilled	disaring
distinct	béda
distinction	distinction
distinctive	khususe
distinguish	mbedakake
distinguishable	mbedakake
distinguished	bentenaken
distinguishing	mbedakake
distort	distorsi
distorted	distorsi
distortion	distorsi
distract	gangguan
distracted	kacau
distracting	distracting
distraction	gangguan
distraught	distraught
distress	kesusu
distressed	sedhih
distressing	kesusahan
distribute	nyebarake
distribution	distribusi
distributor	distributor
district	kabupaten
distrust	ora ngandel
disturb	ngganggu
disturbance	gangguan
disturbed	kaganggu
disturbing	ngganggu
disuse	disuse
disused	disused
ditch	selokan
ditto	ditto
ditty	ditty
diurnal	diurnal
diva	diva
divan	NO TRANSLATION
dive	nyelem
diver	panyimpenan
diverge	diverge
divergence	divergence
divergent	divergent
diverging	diverging
divers	penyelam
diverse	macem-macem
diversified	macem-macem
diversify	diversifikasi
diversion	pangalihan
diversionary	diversionary
diversity	bhinéka
divert	ngalihake
diverting	ngalihake
divest	divest
divested	divested
divestment	divestasi
divide	dibagi
divided	dipérang
dividend	deviden
divination	ramalan
divine	gaib
divinity	ketuhanan
divisible	divisible
division	divisi
divisor	divisi
divorce	perceraian
divorcee	nyolong
divulge	nyebarake
divvy	dival
dizziness	dizziness
dizzy	dizzy
do	aja
doable	doable
doc	doc
docile	docile
dock	dock
docked	docked
docket	dhetik
docking	docking
doctor	dhokter
doctorate	doctorate
doctrinal	doktrinal
doctrine	doktrin
document	dokumen
documentary	dokumen
documentation	dokumentasi
documents	dokumen
dodge	dodge
dodger	dodger
dodging	dodging
dodgy	dodgy
dodo	dodo
doe	doe
doer	doer
dog	asu
dogface	dogface
dogged	asu
doggy	doggy
doghouse	doghouse
dogma	dogma
dogmatic	dogmatis
dogsick	NO TRANSLATION
doings	doings
doit	NO TRANSLATION
dojo	dojo
doldrums	doldrums
dole	dole
doll	boneka
dollar	dollar
dollhouse	dollhouse
dolor	NO TRANSLATION
dolphin	dolphin
domain	domain
dome	kubah
domestic	domestik
domesticated	domesticated
domestication	domestik
domicile	domicile
domiciled	domiciled
dominance	dominasi
dominant	dominan
dominate	dominasi
dominating	dominating
domination	dominasi
dominatrix	dominatrix
dominion	dominasi
domino	domino
don	nganggo
donate	nyumbang
donation	sumbangan
donkey	keledai
donor	donor
dontlikeyou	NO TRANSLATION
dontmess	NO TRANSLATION
dontmesswithme	dontmesswithme
dontpanic	dontpanic
dontunderstand	NO TRANSLATION
doodle	doodle
doom	doom
doomed	ditolak
doomsday	kiamat
door	lawang
doorbell	lawang
doorknob	doorknob
doorman	doorman
doormat	doormat
doornail	doornail
doorstep	lawang
doorway	lawang
dopamine	dopamin
dope	dope
dopey	dopey
dork	dork
dorky	dorky
dorm	asrama
dormant	meneng
dormitory	asrama
dorsal	dorsal
dosage	dosis
dose	dosis
dossier	dossier
dot	dot
doting	doting
dotted	dotted
dotty	dotty
double	kaping pindho
doubled	loro-lorone
doublet	doublet
doubling	dobel
doubt	mangu-mangu
doubtful	gojag-gajeg
doubting	mamang
doubtless	mesthine
doubts	mamang
douche	douche
douchebags	douchebags
dough	adonan
doughboy	doughboy
doughnut	donat
dour	dour
douse	douse
dove	douk
down	mudhun
downcast	mudhun
downer	mudhun
downfall	ambruk
downfield	mudhun
downhearted	mudhun banget
downhill	mudhun
download	download
downpour	mudhun
downright	mudhun
downriver	mudhun
downside	mudhun
downtime	downtime
downward	mudhun
downy	downy
dowry	dowry
doze	doze
dozen	rolas
drab	drab
draft	konsep
drafty	drafty
drag	seret
dragon	naga
dragonfly	dragonfly
drain	saluran
drainage	saluran
drained	lemes
draining	draining
drainpipe	banyu pipa
drake	drake
drama	drama
dramaqueen	NO TRANSLATION
dramatic	dramatis
drape	drape
drapery	drapery
drastic	drastis
drat	NO TRANSLATION
draught	konsep
draw	tarik
drawback	kelemahane
drawbridge	drawbridge
drawer	laci
drawers	laci
drawing	drawing
dread	dread
dreaded	dreaded
dreadful	dreadful
dreadfully	dreadfully
dreading	dreading
dream	ngimpi
dreamboat	dreamboat
dreamer	dreamer
dreaming	ngimpi
dreamland	dreamland
dreams	impen
dreamt	ngimpi
dreamy	ngimpi
dreary	dreary
dredge	ngeruk
drenched	drenched
dress	klambi
dresser	dresser
dressmaker	dressmaker
dressy	dressy
dribble	NO TRANSLATION
dried	pepe
drier	drier
drift	drift
drifted	drifted
drifter	drifter
driftwood	driftwood
drill	pengeboran
drink	ngombe
drinker	drinker
drinking	ngombé
drinks	ngombe
drip	netes
dripping	dripping
drive	drive
drivel	mimpin
driver	driver
driveway	jalan masuk
drizzle	drizzle
droll	droll
drone	drone
drones	drones
drool	drool
drooping	nglumpukake
droopy	droopy
drop	nyelehake
droplet	tetesan
dropout	dropout
dropper	dropper
drought	kahanan garing lan kurang banyu
drove	NO TRANSLATION
drown	drown
drowsiness	ngantuk
drowsy	ngantuk
drudgery	drudgery
drug	tamba
drug dealing	dealing karo tamba
drugged	tamba
druggist	druggist
drugs	obatan
drugstore	toko obat
druid	druid
drum	drum
drummer	drummer
drumming	drumming
drunk	mabuk
drunk driving	nyetir mabuk
drunkard	drunkard
drunken	mabuk
drunkenness	drunkenness
dry	garing
dryer	pengering
dryness	garing
dual	dual
dualism	dualisme
duality	duality
dub	dub
dubious	dubious
duchess	Putri
duck	bebek
ducking	ducking
duckling	bebek
ducky	ducky
duct	pipa
ductile	ductile
dud	dud
dude	wong lanang
duds	duds
due	amarga
duel	tandhingane
dues	dues
duet	Duet
duffel	duffel
dugout	ngguyu
duh	duh
duke	Adipati
dull	kurang
dullard	dullard
dumb	bisu
dumbasses	dumbasses
dumbbell	dumbbell
dumbbitch	NO TRANSLATION
dumfound	dumfound
dumfounder	NO TRANSLATION
dummy	dummy
dump	mbuwang
dumpling	dumpling
dumps	dumps
dumpster	dumpster
dun	dun
dunce	dunce
dune	dune
dung	NO TRANSLATION
dungeon	dungeon
dunk	dunk
duo	duo
dupe	dupe
duplex	duplex
duplicate	duplikat
duplication	duplikat
duplicity	duplikat
durability	daya tahan
durable	awet
duration	duration
duress	duress
dusk	dusk
dusky	dusky
dust	bledug
duster	duster
dustpan	sampah
dusty	blangkon
dutiful	dutiful
duty	tugas
dwarf	dwarf
dwarfed	dwarfed
dweeb	dweeb
dwell	manggon
dweller	dweller
dwelling	omah
dye	pewarna
dying	mati
dyke	dyke
dynamic	dinamis
dynamical	dinamis
dynamics	dinamika
dynamite	dynamite
dynamo	dynamo
dynasty	Dinasti
dysentery	dysentery
dysfunction	Dysfunction
dysfunctional	dysfunctional
dyspepsia	dyspepsia
eager	nyenengake
eagerness	eagerness
eagle	elang
ear	kuping
earful	cekak
earl	earl
earlier	sadurungé
early	awal
earn	entuk
earnest	tulung
earnestly	kanthi tulus
earnestness	earnestness
earnings	pangentukan
earpiece	earpiece
earring	anting
earrings	anting-anting
earshot	earshot
earth	bumi
earthenware	earthenware
earthling	earthling
earthly	kadonyan
earthquake	lindhu
earthy	earthy
ease	ease
easel	easel
easement	easement
easily	gampang
east	wétan
eastbound	eastbound
eastern	wétan
easy	gampang
easygoing	easygoing
eat	mangan
eater	mangan
eating	mangan
eatingdisorders	NO TRANSLATION
eavesdrop	eavesdrop
eavesdropping	eavesdropping
ebb	ebb
ebony	ebony
ebullient	ebullient
eccentric	eccentric
eccentricity	eccentricity
ecclesiastical	ecclesiastical
echelon	echelon
echinacea	echinacea
echo	echo
eclectic	eclectic
eclipse	gerhana
ecliptic	ecliptic
ecological	ekologis
economic	ekonomi
economical	ekonomi
economics	ekonomi
economy	ekonomi
ecosystem	ekosistem
ecstasy	ecstasy
ecstatic	ecstatic
ecumenical	ekumenis
eddy	eddy
edema	edema
edge	pinggiran
edging	edging
edgy	edgy
edible	bisa ditonton
edict	edict
edification	edifikasi
edifice	edifice
edit	sunting
editing	nyunting
edition	edisi
editor	editor
editorial	editorial
educate	sinau
educated	dididik
education	pendidikan
educational	pendidikan
educator	pendidik
eeeek	NO TRANSLATION
eeek	NO TRANSLATION
eek	eek
eel	eel
eerie	eerie
effect	efek
effective	efektif
effectiveness	efektifitas
effects	efek
effectual	efektif
effectually	efektif
effectuate	effectuate
effeminate	effeminate
efficacious	efficacious
efficacy	khususe
efficiency	efisiensi
efficient	efisien
effigy	effigy
effort	gaweyan
effortless	ora gampang
effusion	efusi
effyou	NO TRANSLATION
egg	endhog
egghead	egghead
eggnog	eggnog
eggplant	eggplant
eggshell	egghell
ego	ego
egomaniac	egomaniac
egotistical	egotistical
egregious	egregious
egress	dhuwit
eight	wolung
eighteen	wolulas
eighth	kaping wolu
eighty	wolung puluh
ejaculate	ejakulasi
ejaculation	ejakulasi
eject	nyegah
ejection	ejekan
elaborate	njlimet
elaboration	elaborasi
elan	NO TRANSLATION
elapse	elaps
elapsed	diluncurake
elastic	elastis
elasticity	elastisitas
elated	elated
elation	eling
elbow	sikut
eld	eld
elder	pinter
elderly	sepuh
elders	pinter
eldest	paling tua
elect	milih
election	Pemilihan
elective	pilihan
elector	pemilih
electoral	pilihan
electorate	pemilih
electric	listrik
electric slide	geser listrik
electrical	listrik
electrician	listrik
electricity	listrik
electrify	listrik
electrocute	listrik
electrocution	electrocution
electromagnetic	elektromagnetik
electron	elektron
electronic	elektronik
electronics	elektronik
elegance	keanggunan
elegant	elegan
element	unsur
elemental	pokok
elementary	dhasar
elements	unsur
elephant	gajah
elevate	elevate
elevated	luwih dhuwur
elevation	elevasi
elevator	elevator
eleven	sewelas
eleventh	nomer sewelas
elf	elf
elicit	elicit
eligible	layak
eliminate	ngelongi
elimination	penghapusan
elite	elite
elitist	elitist
elixir	elixir
elk	elk
ell	ell
ellipse	ellipse
ellipsis	ellipsis
ellipsoid	ellipsoid
elliptic	elliptic
elliptical	elliptical
elm	elm
elongate	elongate
elongation	elongation
elope	elope
eloquence	eloquence
eloquent	eloquent
elucidate	elucidate
elucidation	elucidation
elude	elude
elusive	dipahami
emaciated	emaciated
email	email
emanate	emanate
emancipation	emansipasi
embankment	embankment
embargo	NO TRANSLATION
embark	numpak kapal
embarrass	embarrass
embarrassed	malu
embarrassing	embuh
embarrassment	embuh
embassy	kedutaan
embattled	embattled
embed	nampilake
embellish	embellish
embellishment	embellishment
embers	embers
embezzlement	penggalian
embezzler	embezzler
emblem	emblem
emblematic	emblematic
embodiment	pawujudan
embolism	embolisme
embossed	embossed
embrace	ngisin
embroidered	bordir
embroidery	sulaman
embroiled	embroiled
embryo	embrio
embryonic	embrio
emcee	emcee
emerald	Jamrud
emerge	muncul
emergence	emergence
emergency	darurat
emeritus	emeritus
emery	emery
emetophobia	emetophobia
emigrate	emigrasi
emigration	emigrasi
eminence	eminence
eminent	unggul
eminently	eminently
emir	NO TRANSLATION
emissary	emissary
emission	emisi
emit	emit
emo	emo
emotion	emosi
emotional	emosional
emotive	emotive
empathic	empati
empathize	empathize
empathy	empati
emperor	kaisar
emphasis	emphasis
emphasize	nekanake
emphatic	emphatic
emphysema	emphysema
empire	kerajaan
empirical	empiris
empiricism	empirisisme
employ	makarya
employee	pegawe
employer	majikan
employment	Employment
emporium	emporium
empower	nguatake
empress	Empress
emptiness	kekosongan
emption	emption
empty	kosong
emu	emu
emulate	emulate
emulsion	emulsion
enable	aktifake
enablement	enablement
enact	enact
enactment	enactment
enamel	enamel
encampment	kampungan
enchant	enchant
enchanted	enchanted
enchanting	enchanting
enchantment	enchantment
enchantress	enchantress
enchilada	enchilada
encircle	encircle
encircling	encircling
enclave	enclave
enclose	enclose
enclosure	enclosure
encode	encode
encomiastic	NO TRANSLATION
encomium	encomium
encompass	nyakup
encore	NO TRANSLATION
encounter	manggihi
encourage	menehi dorongan
encouraged	nyemangati
encouragement	dorongan
encouraging	nyemangati
encroach	encroach
encroachment	pencegahan
encrypt	encrypt
encryption	enkripsi
encumbrance	encumbrance
encyclopedia	ensiklopedia
end	pungkasan
end table	mburi meja
endanger	endanger
endangered	kaancam
endangerment	endangerment
endearing	endearing
endeavor	usaha
ended	rampung
endemic	endemik
endgame	endgame
ending	pungkasan
endless	endless
endocarditis	endocarditis
endorse	nyurung
endorsement	endorsement
endow	endow
endowed	diberkahi
endowment	endowment
endpapers	endhog
endpoint	endpoint
endurance	ketahanan
endure	tahan
enduring	langgeng
enema	enema
enemy	mungsuh
energetic	energik
energize	energize
energy	tenogo
enforce	ngleksanakake
enforcement	pelaksanaane
enforcer	enforcer
engage	melu
engaged	melu
engagement	engagement
engaging	makarya
engender	enggo
engine	mesin
engineer	engineer
engineering	engineering
engrave	engrave
engraved	engraved
engraver	engraver
engraving	engraving
engrossed	engrossed
engrossing	engrossing
engulf	engulf
enhance	nambah
enhancement	penambahan
enigma	enigma
enigmatic	enigmatic
enjoin	enjoin
enjoy	sekeca
enjoyable	nyenengake
enjoying	nglangen
enjoyment	kesenengan
enlarge	nggedhekake
enlarged	nggedhekake
enlargement	nggedhekake
enlighten	enlighten
enlightened	enlightened
enlightening	enlightening
enlightenment	pencerahan
enlist	mlebu
enliven	enliven
enmity	enmity
ennui	ennui
enormity	enormity
enormous	gedhe tenan
enormously	banget
enraged	marah
enrich	nambahi
enroll	enroll
enrollment	enrollment
ensemble	gamelan
ensign	ensign
enslave	ngganggu
enslaved	dianiaya
enslavement	enslavement
ensue	dumadi
ensure	njamin
entail	entail
entangled	entangled
entanglement	entanglement
enter	ketik
enterprise	perusahaan
enterprising	enterprising
entertain	nyenengake
entertained	nglipur
entertainer	penghibur
entertaining	nyenengake
entertainment	hiburan
enthralled	enthralled
enthusiasm	semangat
enthusiast	penggemar
enthusiastic	antusias
entice	mbujuk
entire	kabeh
entirety	kabeh
entitle	entitle
entity	entitas
entomology	entomologi
entourage	entourage
entrails	entrails
entrance	ngleboke
entrapment	entrapment
entreat	entreat
entree	entree
entrepreneur	pengusaha
entrust	ngandhemi
entry	entri
enumerate	enumerate
enumeration	enumeration
envelope	amplop
envious	envy
environ	NO TRANSLATION
environment	lingkungan
environmental	lingkungan
environs	environs
envision	envision
envoy	utusan
envy	iri
enzyme	enzim
ephemeral	ephemeral
ephemeris	ephemeris
epic	epik
epidemic	epidemi
epidermis	epidermis
epidural	epidural
epilepsy	epilepsy
epileptic	epileptik
epilogue	epilogue
epiphany	epiphany
episcopal	episcopal
episode	episode
episodic	episodic
epistle	surat
epitaph	epitaph
epithet	epithet
epitome	epitome
epoch	jaman
equal	witjaksono
equality	Podo
equalization	equalization
equalize	nyadari
equalizer	ekualiser
equally	merata
equate	equate
equation	persamaan
equator	equator
equatorial	equatorial
equestrian	equestrian
equidistant	equidistant
equilibration	equilibration
equilibrium	keseimbangan
equip	nglengkapi
equipment	peralatan
equitable	adil
equity	ekuitas
equivalence	setara
equivalent	setara
equivocal	equivocal
era	jaman
eradicate	nyabut
eradication	eradikasi
erase	mbusak
eraser	eraser
erasure	erasure
ere	NO TRANSLATION
erect	erect
erectile	erectile
erection	degdegan
ergo	NO TRANSLATION
erode	erode
erosion	erosi
erotic	erotis
erotica	erotika
err	err
errand	errand
errant	errant
erratic	erratic
erratum	erratum
erroneous	erroneous
error	kesalahan
erst	NO TRANSLATION
erudite	erudite
erupt	erupt
eruption	jeblugan
escalade	escalade
escalate	escalate
escalating	escalating
escalation	escalation
escalator	eskalator
escape	uwal
escaped	lolos
escarpment	escarpment
eschew	eschew
escort	ngiringan
escrow	wasiat
esophagus	esophagus
esoteric	esoterik
especial	NO TRANSLATION
espionage	espionage
espouse	nglakoni
espresso	espresso
esprit	esprit
esquire	esquire
essay	karangane
essayist	nulis
essence	dhasar
essential	penting
essentially	atine
establish	netepake
established	diadegaké
establishment	panyiapan
estate	estate
esteem	prasetya
esteemed	esteemed
esthetic	estetik
estimable	dianggep
estimate	ngira
estimation	perkiraan
estoppel	estoppel
estranged	estranged
estrogen	estrogen
estuary	estuary
etch	etch
etching	etching
eternal	langgeng
eternity	kalanggengan
ethanol	etanol
ether	ether
ethereal	ethereal
ethic	etika
ethical	sopan santun
ethics	etika
ethnic	etnik
ethnography	etnografi
etiology	etiologi
etiquette	etika
etymology	etimologi
eucalyptus	eucalyptus
euchre	euchre
eugenics	eugenika
eulogistic	eulogistik
eulogium	eulogium
eulogize	eulogize
eulogy	eulogy
euphemism	euphemism
euphoria	euphoria
euphoric	euphoric
euro	euro
euthanasia	euthanasia
evacuate	ngungsi
evacuation	evakuasi
evade	evade
evaluate	evaluasi
evaluation	evaluasi
evanescence	evanescence
evangelical	evangelical
evangelist	evangelist
evangelistic	evangelistik
evaporate	nguap
evaporation	penguapan
evasion	evasion
evasive	nyegah
eve	eve
evening	sore
evens	NO TRANSLATION
event	acara
eventful	penting
eventual	akhire
eventuality	kelakon
evergreen	Evergreen
everlasting	langgeng
evermore	terus-terusan
everyday	saben dina
everyman	everyman
evict	nolak
eviction	pengusiran
evidence	bukti
evident	bukti
evidentiary	bukti
evil	jahat
evoke	mbesuk
evolution	évolusi
evolutionary	evolusi
evolve	berkembang
ewe	ewe
ex	ex
exacerbate	exacerbate
exacerbation	exacerbation
exact	bener
exacting	exacting
exaggerate	exaggerate
exaggerated	exaggerated
exaggeration	exaggeration
exalt	nggoleki
exaltation	exaltation
exalted	luhur
exam	ujian
examination	pemeriksaan
examine	nliti
examiner	pemeriksa
example	conto
exasperated	exasperated
exasperation	exasperation
excavate	nggoleki
excavation	penggalian
excavator	excavator
exceed	ngluwihi
exceeding	ngluwihi
excel	unggul
excellence	kaunggulan
excellent	banget
excelsior	excelsior
excepting	kajaba
exception	kajaba
exceptional	luar biasa
excerpt	Kutipan
excess	keluwihan
excessive	gedhe banget
excessively	banget
exchange	ijolan
excise	excise
excision	eksisi
excitability	kasenengan
excitable	excitable
excitation	eksitasi
excite	nyenengake
excited	bungah
excitement	kasenengan
exciting	narik kawigaten
exclaim	nyuwun pangapunten
exclamation	seru
exclude	ngilangi
excluded	dikalahake
excluding	ora kalebu
exclusion	pambatasan
exclusive	eksklusif
excrement	excrement
excretion	excretion
excruciating	excruciating
excursion	wisata
excuse	alesan
exec	exec
execute	nglakokna
execution	eksekusi
executioner	eksekusi
executive	eksekutif
executor	pelaksana
exegesis	exegesis
exemplar	exemplar
exemplary	exemplary
exemplify	exemplify
exempt	exempt
exemption	kewajiban
exercise	olahraga
exert	exert
exertion	tenaga
exhale	exhale
exhaust	kesel
exhausted	kesel
exhaustion	kekeselen
exhaustive	jangkep
exhibit	ngetokake
exhibition	pameran
exhilarated	exhilarated
exhilarating	exhilarating
exhilaration	exhilaration
exhort	ngelingi
exhortation	pitutur
exhumation	exhumation
exhume	exhume
exigent	NO TRANSLATION
exile	pengasingan
exist	ana
existence	eksistensi
existent	existent
existential	eksistensial
existing	ana
exit	metu
exodus	exodus
exonerate	exonerate
exorbitant	exorbitant
exorcism	exorcism
exorcist	exorcist
exotic	eksotis
expand	ngambakne
expanded	ditambahi
expanse	expanse
expansion	expansion
expansive	expansive
expatriate	ekspatriat
expect	ngarepake
expectance	expectancy
expectancy	sabar
expectant	sabar
expectation	pengarepan
expected	samesthine
expecting	dikarepake
expediency	expediency
expedient	kapentingan
expedite	nyepetake
expedition	ekspedisi
expeditious	expeditious
expel	ngeculake
expendable	bisa ditindakake
expenditure	dhuwit
expense	biaya
expenses	expenses
expensive	larang
experience	pengalaman
experienced	nduwe pengalaman
experiences	pengalaman
experiment	eksperimen
experimental	eksperimen
experimentation	eksperimen
experimenter	eksperimen
expert	pakar
expertise	keahlian
expiration	kadaluarsa
expire	kadaluwarsa
expired	kadaluwarsa
expiry	kadaluarsa
explain	Nerangke
explanation	panjelasan
explanatory	panjelasan
expletive	expletive
explication	explication
explicit	jelas
explode	njeblug
exploit	manfaat
exploitation	eksploitasi
exploration	eksplorasi
exploratory	eksplorasi
explore	njelajah
explorer	explorer
explosion	bledosan
explosions	explosions
explosive	eksplosif
expo	pameran
exponent	exponent
exponential	eksponensial
export	ekspor
exportation	ekspor
expose	mbedakake
exposed	kapapar
exposition	eksposisi
expository	expository
exposure	cahya
expound	ngandhakake
express	express
expression	ekspresi
expressive	ekspresif
expressway	expressway
expropriation	expropriation
expulsion	expulsion
exquisite	apik banget
exquisitely	apik banget
extant	isih ana
extend	ngluwihi
extendable	bisa ditindakake
extended	lengkap
extension	extension
extensive	ekstensif
extent	ombone
exterior	njaba
exterminate	mbesmi
extermination	extermination
exterminator	exterminator
external	njaba
externally	njaba
extinct	punah
extinction	kepunahan
extinguish	extinguish
extinguisher	pemadam kebakaran
extol	extol
extort	extort
extortion	extortion
extra	ekstra
extract	extract
extracting	nambani
extraction	extraction
extractor	extractor
extracurricular	ekstrakurikuler
extradition	ekstradisi
extrajudicial	extrajudicial
extramural	extramural
extraneous	extraneous
extraordinaire	extraordinaire
extraordinary	luar biasa
extraterrestrial	extraterrestrial
extravagance	pemborosan
extravagant	luwih luwih
extravaganza	ekstravaganza
extreme	nemen
extreme anticipation	nunggu antisipasi
extreme disgust	nesu banget
extreme surprise	surprise banget
extreme trust	kepercayaan ekstrim
extremely	banget
extremely negative	banget negatif
extremely positive	banget positif
extremity	extremity
extricate	extricate
extrinsic	ekstrinsik
extrusion	ekstrusi
exuberance	exuberance
exude	exude
eye	mripat
eyeball	eyeball
eyebrow	alis
eyeful	eyeful
eyeglass	eyeglass
eyeglasses	eyeglasses
eyelash	eyelash
eyelet	eyelet
eyeliner	eyeliner
eyepiece	eyepiece
eyes	mripat
eyesight	paningale
eyewitness	saksi mata
fab	apik
fable	fable
fabled	fabled
fabric	kain
fabricate	fabricate
fabricated	diproduseri
fabrication	pabrike
fabulous	apik
facade	teras
face	pasuryan
faceless	faceless
facet	facet
facial	rai
facile	NO TRANSLATION
facilitate	nggampangake
facility	fasilitas
facing	ngadhepi
facsimile	faksimile
fact	kanyatan
faction	fraksi
factor	faktor
factory	pabrik
facts	bukti
factual	faktual
faculties	fakultas
faculty	Fakultas
fad	fad
fade	sirna
faded	ilang
faeces	godhong
fag	fag
faggot	fagot
fail	gagal
failing	gagal
failure	kegagalan
fain	NO TRANSLATION
faint	kurang ajar
fainting	fainting
fair	adil
fairly	nyedhaki
fairness	keadilan
fairway	Wiwit
fairy	dongeng
faith	iman
faithful	setya
faithfulness	kasetyan
faithless	tanpa iman
fake	palsu
faker	faker
falafel	falafel
falcon	elang
fall	tiba
fallacious	misuwur
fallacy	gagal
fallback	mundhut
fallible	gagal
falling	Mudhun
fallopian	fallopian
fallout	tiba
fallow	nemu
false	Cepet
falsehood	cidra
falsely	palsu
falsification	palsu
falsified	palsu
falsify	falsify
falsity	falsity
falter	sithik
fame	ketenaran
famed	kondhang
familiar	menowo
familiarity	mirip
familiarize	sinau
family	kulawarga
familytime	kulawarga
famine	keluwen
famished	kelaparan
famous	misuwur
famously	banget
fan	penggemar
fanatic	fanatic
fanatical	fanatik
fanaticism	fanaticism
fanciful	fanciful
fancy	apik
fandango	fandango
fanfare	fanfare
fang	NO TRANSLATION
fangs	tengkorak
fanning	fanning
fantasia	fantasia
fantasize	fantasize
fantastic	Fantastic
fantasy	fantasi
faraway	adoh
farce	adoh
farcical	farcical
fare	ongkos kirim
farewell	pamitan
farm	farm
farmer	petani
farmhouse	farmhouse
farming	pertanian
farmland	farmland
faro	faro
fart	fart
farther	luwih akeh
fascia	fascia
fascinate	fascinate
fascinated	fascinated
fascinating	nyenengake
fascination	kepenak
fascism	fascism
fascist	fasis
fashion	fashion
fashionable	modern
fastball	fastball
fasten	fasten
fastener	pengikat
fastening	fastening
fasting	pasa
fat	lemak
fatal	fatal
fatalism	fatalism
fatality	fatality
fate	nasib
fated	fated
fateful	fateful
fathead	fathead
father	bapak
fatherhood	dadine
fatherland	bangsa
fatherly	fatherly
fathom	fathom
fatigue	lemes
fatigued	kesel
fatso	fatso
fatten	fatten
fatty	lemak
faucet	kran
fault	kesalahan
faultless	sampurna
faulty	gagal
faun	faun
fauna	fauna
faux	salah
favor	sih
favorable	sarujuk
favorite	paling disenengi
favoriteholiday	NO TRANSLATION
favoritism	favoritism
fawn	fawn
fax	fax
faze	NO TRANSLATION
fear	wedi
feared	wedi
fearful	wedi
fearfully	fearfully
fearing	fearing
fearless	ora ana gunane
fears	wedi
fearsome	fearsome
feasibility	kelayakan
feasible	layak
feast	pesta
feat	feat
feather	wulu
feathered	feathered
feature	fitur
features	fitur
febrile	febrile
fecal	fecal
feces	feces
fecundity	fecundity
fed	panganan
federal	federal
federation	federasi
fedup	NO TRANSLATION
fee	ragad
feeble	kurang ajar
feed	feed
feedback	Tanggepan
feeder	feeder
feel	rasakna
feelgood	krasa penak
feeling	perasaan
feelingdown	NO TRANSLATION
feelinggood	NO TRANSLATION
feet	kaki
feign	feign
feigned	feigned
feisty	feisty
felicity	felicity
feline	feline
fell	ambruk
feller	pengganggu
fellow	kanca
fellowship	tetunggalan
felon	felon
felony	felony
felt	felt
female	wadon
feminine	feminin
femininity	femininity
feminism	feminisme
feminist	feminis
femme	NO TRANSLATION
femoral	femoral
femur	femur
fen	NO TRANSLATION
fence	pager
fenced	fenced
fencing	pager
fend	fend
fender	fender
fennel	adas
ferment	fermentasi
fermentation	fermentasi
fern	fern
ferocious	seneng banget
ferocity	ferocity
ferret	ferret
ferry	ferry
ferryboat	NO TRANSLATION
fertile	subur
fertility	kesuburan
fertilize	fertilize
fertilizer	pupuk
fervent	semangat
fervor	semangat
fess	fess
fest	fest
festival	Festival
festive	perayaan
fetal	janin
fetch	njupuk
fete	NO TRANSLATION
fetish	fetish
fetus	janin
feud	geger
feudal	feudal
feudalism	feudalisme
fever	mriyang
feverish	feverish
fiancee	NO TRANSLATION
fiasco	keprungu
fiat	fiat
fib	fib
fiber	serat
fiberglass	fiberglass
fibrosis	fibrosis
fibrous	fibrous
fickle	fickle
fiction	fiksi
fictional	fiksi
fictitious	fiktif
fiddle	fiddle
fiddler	fiddler
fidelity	kasetyan
fidgety	fidgety
fiduciary	fiduciary
field	lapangan
field hockey	hockey lapangan
fielder	fielder
fiend	fiend
fiendish	fiendish
fierce	galak
fiery	geni
fiesta	fiesta
fiesty	NO TRANSLATION
fifteen	limalas
fifty	sèket
fig	anjir
fight	perang
fighter	pejuang
fighting	gelut
fights	gelut
figment	inggil
figurative	figuratif
figure	tokoh
figurine	figurine
filament	filamen
filamentous	filamentous
file	file
filet	filet
filibuster	filibuster
filigree	filigree
filing	filing
filings	filings
fill	isi
filler	pengisi
fillet	fillet
filling	ngisi
filly	filly
film	film
filmmaker	pembuat film
filmy	NO TRANSLATION
filter	saringan
filth	filth
filthy	kotor
filtration	filtrasi
fin	NO TRANSLATION
final	final
finale	akhire
finalist	finalis
finality	finality
finalize	finalize
finalized	dirampungake
finally	pungkasanipun
finance	finance
financial	financial
financier	financier
finch	finch
find	golek
finder	finder
finding	nggoleki
fine	nggoleki
finery	finery
finesse	kecepetan
finger	driji
fingernail	kuku
fingerprint	bekas driji
fingerscrossed	NO TRANSLATION
finish	rampung
finished	rampung
finite	finite
fink	fink
fir	cemoro
fire	geni
firearm	senjata api
firearms	senjata api
fireball	fireball
firecracker	kembang api
firefight	tembak
firefighter	firefighter
firefly	peteng
firehouse	firehouse
firelight	lampu kilat
fireman	firman
fireplace	geni
firepower	tembaga
fireproof	tahan api
fireside	fireside
firestorm	geni
firewall	firewall
firewood	kayu bakar
firework	kembang api
fireworks	mercon
firing	tembak
firm	tegese
firmament	tegese
firmly	tegese
firmness	tegese
first	pisanan
firstborn	anake
firstworldprobs	NO TRANSLATION
fiscal	fiskal
fish	iwak
fisherman	nelayan
fishery	perikanan
fishing	Fishing
fishing boat	kapal nelayan
fishy	fishy
fissile	fissile
fission	fisi
fissure	fissure
fist	tinimbang
fistfight	fistfight
fistful	fistful
fistula	fistula
fit	pas
fitness	fitness
fits	cocok
fitted	cekap
fitting	fitting
fittings	perlengkapan
five	lima
fiver	fiver
fix	ndandani
fixable	fixable
fixation	fiksasi
fixed	tetep
fixer	fixer
fixture	peralatan
fixtures	perlengkapan
fizz	fizz
fjord	fjord
flabbergast	flabbergast
flabbergasted	inggil
flabby	apik banget
flaccid	flaccid
flag	bendera
flagging	flagging
flagpole	gendéra
flagrant	tegese
flagship	unggulan
flagstaff	ngguyu
flair	bakat
flak	flak
flake	flake
flaky	flaky
flamboyant	flamboyant
flame	nyala
flamethrower	flamethrower
flaming	nyala
flamingo	flamingo
flammable	gampang kobong
flan	flan
flange	flange
flank	flank
flanked	flanked
flanking	flanking
flannel	flanel
flap	tutup
flapping	flapping
flare	suarake
flares	flares
flaring	flaring
flash	lampu kilat
flashback	flashback
flashing	sumunar
flashlight	senter
flashy	flashy
flask	flask
flat	warata
flatbed	flatbed
flatfoot	flatfoot
flatness	flatness
flatten	flatten
flatter	ngapusi
flattered	minggat
flattering	flattering
flattery	flattery
flatulence	flatulence
flaunt	nggoleki
flavor	roso
flaw	cacat
flawed	cacat
flawless	sampurna
flea	kutu
fleabag	fleabag
fled	mlayu
flee	mlayu
fleece	bulu
fleet	armada
fleeting	fleeting
flesh	daging
fleshy	fleshy
flex	lentur
flexibility	keluwesan
flexible	fleksibel
flexin	flexin
flexion	flexion
flick	gulung cepet
flicker	kedhip
flickering	flickering
flier	flier
flight	pesawat
flighty	pesawat
flimsy	flimsy
flinch	ngguyu
fling	fling
flint	batu permata
flip	flip
flip flop	flip flop
flipper	flipper
flipping	flipping
flirt	flirt
flirtation	kelingan
flirting	flirting
flirty	flirty
float	ngambang
floater	floater
flock	kumpul
flog	flog
flood	banjir
floor	lantai
flooring	lantai
floozy	floozy
flop	gagal
floppy	floppy
flora	flora
floral	kembang
florist	tukang bunga
floss	floss
flotation	flotasi
flounder	ngalahake
flour	glepung
flourish	flourish
flow	aliran
flower	kembang
flowering	ngembang
flowers	kembang
flowery	kembang
flows	mili
flu	flu
fluctuate	fluktuatif
fluctuating	fluktuasi
fluctuation	fluktuasi
flue	flue
fluency	kepinteran
fluent	lancar
fluff	fluff
fluffy	alus
fluid	cairan
fluidity	fluidity
fluke	fluke
flunk	flunk
flunky	flunky
fluorescence	fluoresensi
fluorescent	fluorescent
flurries	flurries
flurry	sumelang
flush	siram
flustered	flustered
flute	suling
fluted	nyuda
flutter	flutter
fluvial	fluvial
flux	fluks
fly	fly
flyboy	flyboy
flyer	flyer
flying	kloter
flywheel	flywheel
foal	sikil
foam	busa
foaming	foaming
foamy	foamy
fob	fob
focal	fokus
focus	fokus
fodder	fodder
foe	musuh
fog	kabut
foggy	foggy
foil	foil
foiled	kabotan
fold	melu
folded	lempitan
folder	folder
foliage	godhong
folio	folio
folk	rakyat
folklore	folklore
follicle	folikel
follicular	follicular
follow	tindakake
follower	murid
folly	folly
fond	tresna
fondle	fondle
fondling	fondling
fondness	kepenginan
fondue	fondue
font	font
food	panganan
foodie	panganan
fool	wong bodho
fooled	wong bodho
foolhardy	bodho
fooling	nggodha
foolish	bodho
foolishness	bodho
foolproof	foolproof
foot	sikil
foot stool	dhingklik kaki
footage	dawane
football	bal-balan
footbridge	footbridge
foothold	foothold
footing	footing
footlocker	footlocker
footloose	footloose
footpath	footpath
footprint	jejere
footwear	alas kaki
footwork	footwork
fop	fop
forage	forage
foray	foray
forbearance	sabar
forbid	nyegah
forbidding	nolak
force	pasukan
forced	dipeksa
forceful	banget
forceps	forceps
forces	pasukan
forcibly	kanthi paksa
ford	ford
fore	ngarep
forearm	lengen
foreboding	foreboding
forecast	ramalan
forecaster	peramal
foreclose	foreclose
foreclosure	penyitaan
forefathers	leluhur
forefinger	forefinger
forefront	ngarep
forego	nunggu
foregoing	ngarep
foregone	foregone
foreground	foreground
forehead	dhadha
foreign	manca
foreigner	wong manca
foreman	foreman
foremost	paling penting
forensic	forensik
forensics	forensik
foreplay	foreplay
forerunner	cikal bakal
foresee	foresee
foreseen	foreseen
foresight	katresnan
forest	alas
forestall	ngguyu
forethought	pamrih
foreveralone	kanggo sawetara
forevermore	terus-terusan
forewarned	forewarned
foreword	pengantar
forfeit	forfeit
forfeited	dibatalake
forfeiture	forfeiture
forge	forge
forger	forger
forgery	pemalsuan
forget	lali
forgetful	lali
forgetfulness	lali
forgive	ngapura
forgiven	diapura
forgiveness	pangapunten
forgiving	ngapura
forgotten	lali
fork	garpu
forked	forked
forking	forking
forklift	forklift
forlorn	forlorn
form	wangun
formal	formal
formaldehyde	formaldehida
formalism	formalisme
formality	formalitas
format	format
formation	tatanan
formative	formative
formed	dibentuk
formidable	formidable
forming	mbentuk
formless	formless
formula	rumus
formulary	formulary
formulate	rumus
fornicate	laku jina
fornication	laku jina
forsake	ninggalake
forsaken	ditinggal
forsooth	forsooth
fort	Bèntèng
forte	NO TRANSLATION
forthcoming	sing bakal teka
forthright	terus-terusan
forthwith	terus wae
fortification	fortification
fortify	nggedhekake
fortitude	santosa
fortnight	rong minggu
fortnightly	fortnightly
fortress	bèntèng
fortuitous	fortuitous
fortunate	sugih
fortune	rejeki
fortunes	fortunes
forty	patang puluh
forum	forum
forward	maju
forwarding	nerusake
fossil	fosil
fossils	fosil
foul	gawe salah
found	ketemu
foundation	madegé
founder	Sing Ngadek ake
founding	ngedegake
foundry	pengecoran
fountain	Fountain
four	papat
fourfold	fourfold
foursome	foursome
fourteen	patbelas
fourth	papat
fowl	fowl
fox	rubah
foxhole	foxhole
foxtrot	foxtrot
foxy	foxy
foyer	foyer
fraction	fraksi
fractional	fraktur
fracture	fraktur
fragile	rapuh
fragility	fragile
fragment	pecahan
fragmentary	fragmen
fragrance	wewangian
fragrant	wangi
frail	lemah
frailty	frailty
frame	pigura
framework	framework
franc	Franc
franchise	franchise
frank	pratingkah
frankenstorm	NO TRANSLATION
frankness	frankness
frantic	frantic
frantically	frantically
frat	frat
fraternal	prawan
fraternity	fraternity
fraud	penipuan
fraudulent	fraudulent
fraught	fraught
fray	fray
frayed	frayed
frazzled	frazzled
freak	freak
freaked	freaked
freakedout	NO TRANSLATION
freakingout	NO TRANSLATION
freakish	freakish
freakout	freakout
freaky	freaky
freckle	freckle
free	gratis
freebie	freebie
freedom	kebebasan
freehold	freehold
freelance	Kerja Lepas
freelancer	freelancer
freely	bebas
freeman	freeman
freestyle	gaya bebas
freeway	freeway
freeze	beku
freezer	freezer
freezing	beku
freight	barang
freighter	kargo
french horn	sungu french
frenetic	frenetic
frenzied	kegedhen
frenzy	kegedhen
frequency	frekuensi
frequent	Kerep
frequently	seneng banget
fresco	fresco
fresh	seger
freshair	NO TRANSLATION
freshen	freshen
freshener	freshener
freshman	wong anyar
freshness	freshness
freshstart	freshstart
freshwater	banyu tawar
fret	fret
fretful	prasaja
friar	friar
fricking	fricking
friction	gesekan
friday	juminten
fridge	kulkas
fried	goreng
friend	kanca
friendless	ora ana kanca
friendliness	kersane
friendly	loropaken
friends	kanca
friendship	Persahabatan
frigate	frigate
friggen	NO TRANSLATION
fright	medeni
frighten	medeni
frightened	wedi
frightening	medeni
frightful	medeni
frigid	kaku
fringe	pinggir
fringed	fringed
frisbee	frisbee
frisk	NO TRANSLATION
frisky	frisky
frivolous	frivolous
frock	pakan
frog	frog
froggy	froggy
frolic	frolic
front	ngarep
frontage	frontage
frontal	frontal
frontier	frontier
fronting	fronting
frontispiece	frontispiece
frost	Frost
frostbite	frostbite
frosted	frosted
frosting	frosting
frosty	mbesuk
froth	froth
frothy	frothy
frown	kurang ajar
frowning	frowning
frozen	beku
frugal	frugal
fruit	woh
fruit punch	buah punch
fruitcake	fruitcake
fruitful	apik banget
fruition	fruition
fruitless	ora ana barang
fruits	woh-wohan
fruity	fruity
frustrate	mungkasi
frustrated	frustrasi
frustrates	frustrates
frustrating	mungkasi
frustration	frustasi
fry	goreng
fryer	fryer
fuchsia	fuchsia
fuck	jancok
fuckedoff	fuckedoff
fucker	fucker
fucking	kurang ajar
fuckoff	nggoleki
fucksake	ngguyu
fucktard	fucktard
fuckyeah	nggambleh
fudge	fudge
fuel	bahan bakar
fugitive	fugitive
fulcrum	fulcrum
fulfill	nepangi
fulfilled	kawujud
fulfilling	ngebaki
fulfillment	kasenengan
full	lengkap
fullback	fullback
fullness	kepenak
fully	kanthi
fulsome	fulsome
fumble	fumble
fume	fume
fumigation	fumigation
fumin	NO TRANSLATION
fuming	fuming
fun	nyenengake
function	fungsi
functional	fungsi
fund	dana
fundamental	dhasar
fundamentalist	fundamentalist
fundamentally	dhasar
funday	dhuwit
funding	pendanaan
fundraiser	penggalangan dana
fundraising	penggalangan dana
funds	dana
funeral	pemakaman
fungus	jamur
funk	funk
funky	funky
funnel	funnel
funny	lucu
fur	wulu
furious	nesu banget
furiously	banget
furlong	furlong
furlough	furlough
furnace	pawon
furnish	nglengkapi
furnishings	perabotan
furniture	Furnitur
furor	furor
furrow	furrow
furry	wulu
furtherance	luwih lanjut
fury	mungsuh
fuse	sekring
fuselage	fuselage
fusion	campuran
fuss	nesu
fussy	fussy
fustrated	NO TRANSLATION
futile	sia-sia
futility	sia-sia
futon	futon
future	mangsa
fuzz	fuzz
fuzzy	kabur
gab	NO TRANSLATION
gaby	gaby
gad	gad
gadget	gadget
gaff	gaff
gag	lelucon
gaga	gaga
gage	gage
gaggle	gaggle
gahhh	NO TRANSLATION
gaiety	gaiety
gain	gain
gainful	entuk manfaat
gaining	entuk
gait	gait
gal	gal
gala	gala
galactic	galaktik
galaxy	galaksi
gale	gale
gall	gall
gallant	gagah
gallantry	gallantry
gallbladder	gallbladder
galled	nyerang
gallery	galeri
galley	galley
gallon	galon
gallop	ngguyu
galloping	ngguyu
gallows	sandhangan
galore	galore
galvanic	galvanic
gamble	gambling
gambler	gambler
gambling	gambling
game	game
gameday	gameday
gametime	gametime
gaming	game
gamma	gamma
gammon	gammon
gamut	gamut
gander	gander
gang	gang
gangland	gangland
gangrene	gangrene
gangster	gangster
gangway	gangway
gaol	gaol
gap	gap
gape	gape
gaping	gaping
garage	garage
garb	garb
garbage	sampah
garbled	garbled
garden	kebon
gardener	gardener
gardening	kebon
gardens	kebon
gargle	gargle
gargoyle	gargoyle
garish	garish
garlic	papak
garment	sandhangan
garner	garner
garnet	garnet
garnish	garnish
garrison	garrison
garter	garter
gas	gas
gaseous	gaseous
gash	gash
gasification	gasifikasi
gasket	gasket
gasoline	bensin
gasp	gasp
gasping	gasping
gassy	gassy
gastric	padharan
gastronomy	gastronomi
gate	gapura
gatekeeper	gatekeeper
gateway	gapura
gather	ngumpulake
gatherer	gatherer
gathering	kumpul
gator	gator
gatorade	gatorade
gauche	NO TRANSLATION
gaudy	gaudy
gauge	ngukur
gauging	gauging
gaunt	gaunt
gauntlet	gauntlet
gauze	gauze
gavel	gavel
gawk	gawk
gay	gay
gaze	ndeleng
gazebo	gazebo
gazelle	gazelle
gazette	gazette
gazetteer	gazetteer
gazillion	gazillion
gazing	gazing
gear	roda nganggo grigi
geek	geek
geeky	geeky
geez	geez
geezer	geezer
geisha	geisha
gel	gel
gelatin	gelatin
geld	NO TRANSLATION
gelding	gelding
gem	gem
gemini	gemini
gender	jender
genealogy	genealogi
general	umum
generality	umum
generalization	generalisasi
generally	umume
generate	generate
generation	generasi
generative	generatif
generator	generator
generic	umum
generosity	loman
generous	loman
genesis	genesis
genetic	genetik
genetics	genetika
genial	genial
genie	genie
genital	kelamin
genitalia	genitalia
genius	genius
genocide	genosida
genome	genome
genre	genre
gent	gent
genteel	genteel
gentile	gentile
gentle	lanang
gentleman	gentlemen
gentlemanly	gentlemanly
gentleness	kaluputan
gently	alon-alon
gentry	gentry
genuine	asli
genus	genus
geographic	geografis
geographical	geografis
geography	geografi
geological	geologi
geologist	geologist
geology	geologi
geometric	geometris
geometry	geometri
geranium	geranium
gerbil	gerbil
geriatric	geriatric
germ	kuman
german	german
germane	germane
germinate	germinate
germination	germination
germs	kuman
gestation	gestation
gesture	polah
get	njaluk
getaway	getaway
getoverit	NO TRANSLATION
getoveryourself	NO TRANSLATION
getup	getup
getyourown	getyourown
ghastly	ghastly
ghetto	ghetto
ghost	ghost
ghostly	ghostly
ghoul	ghoul
giant	buta
gibberish	gibberish
giddy	giddy
gift	hadiah
gifted	kebak
gifts	peparinge
gig	gig
gigantic	gigantic
giggle	giggle
giggles	giggles
giggling	giggling
gigolo	gigolo
gilded	gilded
gill	gill
gills	gills
gilt	gilt
gimmick	gimmick
gimp	gimp
gin	gin
ginger	jahe
gingerbread	gingerbread
gingerly	gingerly
ginseng	ginseng
giraffe	jerapah
girder	girder
girdle	girdle
girl	bocah wadon
girlfriend	pacar
girlie	girlie
girlish	girlish
girly	girly
girth	girth
gist	gist
give	menehi
giveaway	dhuwit
giver	NO TRANSLATION
giving	menehi
gizmo	gizmo
gizzard	gizzard
glabrous	glabrous
glacial	glacial
glacier	glacier
glad	bungah
glade	glade
gladiator	gladiator
gladness	bungah
glamorous	glamor
glamour	glamor
glance	Mirit
gland	kelenjar
glare	glare
glaring	glaring
glass	kaca
glasses	kacamata
glassware	kaca
glaucoma	glaukoma
glaze	glaze
glazed	gilap
gleam	gleam
gleaming	gleaming
glean	glean
glee	glee
gleeful	gleeful
glen	glen
glib	glib
glide	nyepetake
glider	glider
glimmer	glimmer
glimpse	ndeleng
glint	glint
glisten	glisten
glitch	kesalahan
glitter	glitter
glittering	gemerlap
gloat	ngguyu
global	global
globe	globe
globular	globular
gloom	gloom
gloomy	surem
glorification	kamulyan
glorified	dimuliakake
glorify	ngluhurake
glorious	kamulyane
glory	kamulyan
gloss	gloss
glossary	glosari
glossy	glosir
glove	sarung tangan
gloves	sarung tangan
glow	cemlorot
glowing	mencorong
glucose	glukosa
glue	Lim
glum	glum
glut	glut
gluten	gluten
glutton	glutton
gluttony	gluttony
glycerin	gliserin
gnat	gnat
gnome	gnome
go	tindak
goal	goal
goalie	goalie
goals	gol
goat	wedhus
goatee	goatee
gob	gob
gobble	mangan
goblet	goblet
goblin	goblin
god	Pengeran
godbless	NO TRANSLATION
goddamn	goddamn
goddamned	goddamned
goddess	Dewi
godfather	godfather
godforsaken	godforsaken
godisgood	godisgood
godisgreat	NO TRANSLATION
godless	tanpa dosa
godlike	Godlike
godly	godly
godmother	godhong
godsend	godsend
godson	godson
gofuckyourself	gofuckyourself
goggle	goggle
goggles	kacamata
gold	emas
golden	Golden
goldfish	goldfish
golf	golf
golfer	golfer
golfing	golfing
gondola	gondola
gone	gone
goner	goner
gong	NO TRANSLATION
gonorrhea	gonorrhea
goo	goo
goober	goober
good	apik
goodbye	pamit
goodday	goodday
goodfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
goodhealth	NO TRANSLATION
goodie	goodie
goodies	barang
goodlife	goodlife
goodly	apik banget
goodmood	NO TRANSLATION
goodmorning	goodmorning
goodmusic	goodmusic
goodness	kaluhuran
goodnews	kabar apik
goods	barang
goodtimes	goodtimes
goodvibes	NO TRANSLATION
goodwill	goodwill
goody	apik
gooey	gooey
goof	goof
goofball	goofball
goofy	goofy
goon	goon
gooood	gooood
goop	goop
goose	angsa
gopher	gopher
gore	gore
gorge	gorge
gorgeous	nggantheng
gorilla	gorila
gory	gory
gospel	Injil
gossip	gosip
gothic	gothic
gouge	gouge
goulash	goulash
gourd	gourd
gourmet	gourmet
gout	gout
govern	mrentah
governess	gunggunge
governing	ngatur
government	pemerintah
governmental	pemerintah
governor	gubernur
gown	gaun
grab	nyekel
grace	sih-rahmate
graceful	apik banget
gracias	NO TRANSLATION
gracious	apik banget
graciously	apik banget
grad	NO TRANSLATION
gradation	gradasi
grade	grade
graded	diarani
grader	grader
grades	gelar
gradient	gradient
gradschool	NO TRANSLATION
gradual	bertahap
gradually	mboko sithik
graduate	lulusan
graduation	lulusan
graffiti	graffiti
graft	korupsi
grail	grail
grain	gandum
gram	gram
grammar	toto wicoro
grand	grand
grand theft auto	grand maling otomatis
grandchild	putu
grandchildren	putu
granddad	granddad
granddaddy	granddaddy
granddaughter	granddaughter
grandeur	grandeur
grandfather	mbah kakung
grandiose	grandiose
grandma	nenek
grandmother	nenek
grandpa	kakek
grandson	putrane
grandstand	grandstand
grange	grange
granite	granit
granny	Mbah
granola	granola
grant	Granting
granted	diwenehake
grantee	grantee
grantor	grantor
granular	granular
granule	granule
grape	anggur
grape juice	jus anggur
grapefruit	grapefruit
grapes	anggur
grapevine	grapevine
graph	grafik
graphic	grafis
graphics	grafis
graphite	grafit
grapple	grapple
grappling	grappling
grasp	Mangerteni
grasping	grasping
grass	suket
grasshopper	belik
grassy	grassy
grate	grate
grated	grated
grateful	matur nuwun
gratification	gratifikasi
gratified	gratified
gratify	gratify
gratifying	gratifying
grating	grating
gratis	NO TRANSLATION
gratitude	matur nuwun
gratuitous	gratuitous
gratuity	gratuity
grave	kuburan
gravel	kerikil
graver	NO TRANSLATION
graveyard	kuburan
gravitate	gravitate
gravitation	gravitasi
gravitational	gravitasi
gravity	gravitasi
gravy	saos
gray	abu-abu
graze	nyemangati
grease	grease
greased	greased
greaser	greaser
greasy	greasy
great	gedhe
great anticipation	antisipasi banget
great aunt	bibi gedhe
great disgust	njijiki
great grandfather	kakek gedhe
great grandma	nenek agung
great grandmother	nenek gedhe
great grandpa	grandpa
great surprise	kejutan gedhe
great trust	kepercayaan gedhe
great uncle	pakdhe gedhe
greatday	NO TRANSLATION
greater	luwih gedhe
greatest	paling
greatfriends	NO TRANSLATION
greatful	NO TRANSLATION
greatly	banget
greatly negative	nemen negatif
greatly positive	nemen positif
greatness	kebesaran
greatnight	NO TRANSLATION
greed	rakus
greedy	rakus
green	ijo
green bean	kacang buncis
green pepper	ijo mrico
green snake	ula ijo
greenhouse	omah kaca
greenish	greenish
greenwood	greenwood
greet	salam
greeted	disambut
greeting	Salam
gregarious	gregarious
grenade	granat
grey	abu-abu
greyhound	greyhound
grid	kothak
gridiron	gridiron
grief	sungkowo
grievance	grievance
grieve	grieve
grieved	gerah
grieving	grieving
grievous	grievous
griffin	griffin
grill	Panggangan
grille	gril
grilled	panggang
grim	surem
grime	grime
grimy	grimy
grin	grin
grind	tlatah
grinder	grinder
grinding	grinding
grindstone	grindstone
gringo	gringo
grip	genggeman
gripe	gripe
grisly	grisly
grist	grist
grit	grit
grits	grits
gritty	nyenengake
grizzly	grizzly
groan	nggereng
grocer	gunting
groceries	panganan
grocery	grocery
groggy	groggy
groin	groin
groom	pengantin pria
groove	alur
groovy	groovy
grope	grope
gross	reged
grotesque	grotesque
grotto	grotto
grouch	grouch
grouchy	grouchy
ground	lemah
grounded	diukum
groundhog	groundhog
grounding	grounding
groundless	dhasar
grounds	alasan
groundwork	dhasar
group	grup
groupie	groupie
grouping	klompok
grouse	grouse
grout	grout
grove	grove
grovel	grovel
grow	tuwuh
growl	growl
growling	growling
growls	growls
grownup	grownup
growth	wutah
growthefuckup	growthefuckup
grr	grr
grrr	grrr
grrrrr	grrrrr
grub	grub
grubby	grubby
grudge	grudge
grudging	grudging
grudgingly	grudgingly
gruel	gruel
grueling	grueling
gruesome	gruesome
gruff	gruff
grumble	grumble
grump	grump
grumpy	grumpy
grunt	ngguyu
grunting	grunting
guacamole	guacamole
guano	guano
guarantee	njamin
guaranty	njamin
guard	njaga
guarded	dijaga
guardhouse	jaga
guardian	wali
guardianship	njaga
guards	pengawal
gubernatorial	gubernurial
guerilla	NO TRANSLATION
guerrilla	gerilya
guess	guess
guesser	guesser
guesswork	guesswork
guest	tamu
guesthouse	guesthouse
guidance	bimbingan
guide	Pandhuan
guidebook	buku pedoman
guidelines	pedoman
guiding	nuntun
guild	guild
guile	guile
guillotine	guillotine
guilt	kasalahan
guilty	guilty
guinea	guinea
guise	guise
guitar	gitar
guitarist	gitaris
gules	gules
gulf	jurang
gull	gull
gullet	gullet
gullible	gullible
gully	gully
gulp	gulp
gum	gum
gumbo	gumbo
gummy	gummy
gumption	gumption
gun	gun
gunboat	gunboat
gunfight	gunfight
gunfighter	gunfighter
gunfire	gunfire
gunk	gunk
gunman	gunman
gunmen	gunmen
gunner	gunner
gunnery	gunnery
gunplay	gunplay
gunpoint	gunpoint
gunpowder	mesiu
gunshot	gunshot
gunslinger	gunslinger
gurney	gurun
guru	guru
gush	gush
gusher	gusher
gusset	gusset
gust	gust
gusto	NO TRANSLATION
gusty	gusty
gut	usus
gutless	gutless
guts	guts
gutsy	gutsy
gutter	gutter
guy	wong
guzzler	guzzler
guzzling	guzzling
gym	Gym
gymnasium	gymnasium
gymnast	gymnast
gymnastic	Gymnastic
gymnastics	Gymnastic
gynecologist	gynecologist
gynecology	ginekologi
gypsy	gypsy
gyroscope	gyroscope
habit	kebiasaan
habitat	habitat
habitation	omah
habitual	kebiasaan
habitually	habitually
hacienda	hacienda
hack	hack
hacker	hacker
hacksaw	hacksaw
hadenough	NO TRANSLATION
hag	hag
haggard	haggard
haggle	haggle
haiku	haiku
hail	becik
hair	rambut
hairball	hairball
hairbrush	hairbrush
haircut	gunting rambut
hairdo	rambut
hairdresser	hairdresser
hairdryer	hairdryer
hairless	rambut
hairline	garis rambut
hairpin	rambut
hairspray	hairspray
hairstyle	gaya rambut
hairy	rambut
hale	hale
half	setengah
half dollar	setengah dolar
halfback	halfback
halftime	Liyane
halfway	separo
halibut	halibut
hall	bale
hallelujah	hallelujah
hallmark	ciri khas
hallowed	suci
hallucination	hallucination
hallway	lorong
halo	halo
halt	nyegah
halter	halter
halting	ngguyu
halve	separo
halving	ngalahake
ham	ham
hamburger	hamburger
hamlet	dusun
hammer	palu
hammerhead	hammerhead
hammering	hammering
hammock	dhadha
hamper	hamper
hamster	hamster
hamstring	hamstring
hand	tangan
handbag	tas tangan
handball	handball
handbook	buku pedoman
handcuff	genggaman
handful	cekap
handgun	handgun
handheld	genggem
handicap	cacat
handicapped	cacat
handicraft	Kerajinan tangan
handiwork	handiwork
handkerchief	sapu tangan
handle	nangani
handler	tukang tangan
handmade	gawenan
handout	handout
handprint	jejer
handshake	salaman
handsome	ganteng
handwriting	tulisan tangan
handy	handy
handyman	handyman
hang	nggantung
hangar	hangar
hanger	hanger
hanging	nggantung
hangman	hangman
hangout	hangout
hangover	seneng banget
hangry	nggantung
hank	hank
hankering	hankering
hanky	ngguyu
hap	NO TRANSLATION
haphazard	ora nyenengake
hapless	hapless
happen	kelakon
happening	kedadeyan
happier	luwih seneng
happiest	paling seneng
happily	seneng banget
happiness	kebahagiaan
happy	seneng
happydance	happydance
happyday	seneng banget
happyheart	seneng banget
happyholidays	NO TRANSLATION
happynewyear	NO TRANSLATION
happyplace	NO TRANSLATION
happytweet	NO TRANSLATION
happyvalentinesday	NO TRANSLATION
harass	ngganggu
harassing	ngganggu
harassment	pelecehan
harbinger	harbinger
harbor	pelabuhan
hard	hard
hardball	hardball
hardcore	hardcore
harden	harden
hardened	hardened
hardening	hardening
hardheaded	hardheaded
hardness	kekerasan
hardship	kasangsaran
hardware	hardware
hardwood	kayu
hardworking	kerja keras
hardy	hardy
hare	lsp
harebrained	harebrained
harem	harem
hark	hark
harlot	harlot
harm	gawe piala
harmful	mbebayani
harmless	ora aman
harmonica	harmonika
harmonics	harmonik
harmonious	harmonis
harmoniously	harmonis
harmonize	harmonis
harmony	harmoni
harness	harness
harp	swarane
harper	harper
harpoon	gambyong
harpsichord	harpsichord
harrowing	harrowing
harry	harry
harsh	atos
harshness	harshness
hart	hart
harvest	panen
hash	hash
hashish	hashish
hassle	gampang
haste	kesusu
hasten	cepet-cepet
hastily	hastily
hasty	hasty
hat	topi
hatch	nyenyet
hatchet	pitik
hate	sengit
hateeee	NO TRANSLATION
hateeveryone	NO TRANSLATION
hateful	sengit
hater	nyengir
hateyou	NO TRANSLATION
hating	hating
hatred	gething
haughty	bangga
haul	ngeterake
haulage	ngeterake
haunt	ngguyu
haunted	ngguyu
have	duwe
haven	Haven
havoc	kacilakan
haw	haw
hawk	hawk
hawking	hawking
hay	NO TRANSLATION
haye	haye
hayride	hayride
haystack	jerami
haywire	haywire
hazard	bahaya
hazardous	mbebayani
haze	haze
hazmat	hazmat
hazy	ngilang
head	sirah
headache	sirah
headaches	sirah
headband	headband
headdress	headdress
header	header
headgear	headgear
heading	judhul
headland	dharatan
headless	tanpa kepala
headlight	lampu
headline	headline
headliner	headliner
headlock	headlock
headlong	headlong
headmaster	kepala sekolah
headphones	headphone
headquarter	kantor pusat
headquarters	kantor pusat
headset	headset
headstone	sirah
headstrong	headstrong
headway	pitakon
heady	heady
heal	waras
healer	healer
healing	marasake awakmu
health	kesehatan
healthcare	kesehatan
healthful	sehat
healthy	sehat
heap	numpuk
hear	krungu
hearer	pendengar
hearing	pangrungu
hearsay	hearsay
hearse	hearse
heart	ati
heart disease	penyakit jantung
heartache	ati
heartattack	NO TRANSLATION
heartbeat	denyut jantung
heartbreak	heartbreak
heartbreaker	heartbreaker
heartbreaking	heartbreaking
heartbroken	anget
heartburn	heartburn
hearted	ati
heartfelt	tulus
hearth	hearth
heartily	sedhela
heartland	jantung
heartless	seneng banget
hearts	ati
heartsick	ati
heartworm	heartworm
hearty	hearty
heat	panas
heated	digawe panas
heater	nesu
heath	heath
heathen	heathen
heather	heather
heating	panas
heave	heave
heaven	swarga
heavenly	swarga
heavens	langit
heavily	banget
heaviness	abot
heaving	heaving
heavy	abot
heavy metal	heavy metal
heavyweight	kelas berat
heck	cekak
hectares	hektar
hectic	hektar
hedge	pager
hedgehog	landhep
hedonism	hedonisme
hee	hee
heed	heed
heel	tumit
heels	tumit
heft	heft
hefty	nyenengake
hegemonic	hegemonik
heheh	NO TRANSLATION
heifer	heifer
height	dhuwur
heighten	tambah
heightened	tambah dhuwur
heinous	heinous
heir	heir
heiress	waris
heirloom	pusaka
heirs	pewarise
heist	heist
helical	helical
helicopter	helikopter
helipad	helipad
heliport	heliport
helium	helium
helix	helix
hell	neraka
hellfire	hellfire
hellhole	hellhole
hellish	hellish
helm	helm
helmet	helem
helmsman	helmsman
help	bantuan
helper	helper
helpful	mbiyantu
helpless	ora ana
helplessness	helplessness
hem	NO TRANSLATION
hematite	hematite
hematoma	hematoma
hemi	hemi
hemisphere	hemisphere
hemispheric	hemispheric
hemlock	hemlock
hemoglobin	hemoglobin
hemorrhage	pendarahan
hemorrhoids	wasir
hemostat	hemostat
hemp	hemp
hen	NO TRANSLATION
henceforth	wiwit saiki
henhouse	henhouse
hepatitis	hepatitis
herald	panyerat
heraldry	heraldry
herb	herbal
herbaceous	herbaceous
herbal	herbal
herbarium	herbarium
herbs	herbal
herd	herd
hereditary	hereditary
heredity	heredity
heresy	wulangan sesat
heretic	heretic
heretical	heretical
heretofore	sadurungé
hereunto	kene
herewith	padha karo
heritage	warisan
hermaphrodite	hermaphrodite
hermeneutics	hermeneutika
hermit	hermit
hernia	hernia
hero	pahlawan
heroic	heroik
heroics	heroik
heroin	heroin
heroine	heroine
heroism	kepahlawanan
herpes	herpes
herpesvirus	herpesvirus
herring	herring
hertz	hertz
hesitant	hesitant
hesitate	ragu-ragu
hesitating	hesitating
hesitation	hesitation
hetero	hetero
heterogeneity	heterogenitas
heterosexual	heteroseksual
hew	hew
hex	hex
hexagon	heksagon
heyday	heyday
hiatus	hiatus
hibernate	hibernate
hibernation	hibernasi
hiccup	hiccup
hick	hick
hickey	hickey
hickory	hickory
hidden	didhelikake
hide	ndhelikake
hideaway	hideaway
hideous	hideous
hideout	hideout
hiding	ndhelikake
hierarchical	hirarkis
hierarchy	hirarki
hieroglyphics	hieroglyphics
high	dhuwur
high heels	hak duwur
highball	highball
higher	luwih dhuwur
highest	paling dhuwur
highland	dhuwur tanah
highlands	dataran tinggi
highlight	nyorot
highness	dhuwure
hight	hight
hightail	hightail
highway	dalan gedhe
hijack	hijacking
hijacker	pembajak
hike	ndhelik
hiker	hiker
hiking	hiking
hiking boot	hiking boot
hilarious	gumbira
hilarity	hilarity
hill	gunung
hillside	bukit
hilltop	puncak gunung
hilly	bukit
hilt	nyenyet
hind	hind
hinder	ngalang-alangi
hindering	hindering
hindrance	hindrance
hindsight	nggoleki
hinge	engsel
hint	Petunjuk
hinterland	dharatan
hip	hip
hip hop	hip hop
hippie	hippie
hippo	hippo
hippopotamus	hippopotamus
hire	nyewa
hirsute	hirsute
hiss	nyuwun pangapunten
hissing	hissing
histology	histologi
historian	sejarawan
historic	sajarah
historical	sajarah
historiography	historiografi
history	sejarah
hit	pencet
hitch	ganggu
hitchhike	hitchhike
hitchhiker	hitchhiker
hitherto	nganti saiki
hitter	hitter
hive	hive
hives	hives
hoard	hoard
hoarse	hoarse
hoary	hoary
hoax	apus-apusan
hob	hob
hobbit	hobbit
hobby	hobi
hobo	hobo
hock	hock
hockey	hockey
hoe	NO TRANSLATION
hog	lanang
hogwash	hogwash
hohoho	NO TRANSLATION
hoist	angkat
hokey	hokey
hold	terus
holder	nduweni
holding	nyekeli
holdup	terus-terusan
hole	bolongan
holiday	liburan
holidays	liburan
holidayseason	NO TRANSLATION
holiness	sutji
holistic	holistik
holler	holler
hollow	kothong
holly	holly
holocaust	nandur
hologram	hologram
holographic	holografik
holster	holster
holy	suci
holyspirit	NO TRANSLATION
homage	homage
hombre	NO TRANSLATION
hombres	NO TRANSLATION
home	ngarep
homeboy	homeboy
homecoming	homecoming
homeland	Tanah kelairan
homeless	ora duwe omah
homely	homely
homemade	gawean omahan
homeopathic	homeopathic
homeopathy	homeopati
homeowner	homeowner
homeroom	homeroom
homesick	omah-omah
homestead	homestead
homesweethome	homesweethome
hometown	kampung halaman
homeward	pandhita
homework	peer
homey	ngarep
homicidal	ngobati
homicide	pembunuhan
homily	homily
homing	homing
hominy	jebule
homo	homo
homogeneity	homogenitas
homogeneous	homogen
homologous	homolog
homologue	homologue
homology	homology
homophobic	homophobic
homosexual	homoseksual
homosexuality	homoseksualitas
honcho	kepengin
hone	ngasah
honest	jujur
honesty	kejujuran
honey	madu
honeycomb	honeycomb
honeymoon	bulan madu
honeysuckle	honeysuckle
honk	honk
honky	honky
honor	opah
honorable	mulya
honorarium	honorarium
honorary	honorer
honored	diajeni
hooch	hooch
hood	hood
hooded	hooded
hoodlum	hoodlum
hoof	hoof
hook	pancing
hooked	kecanthol
hooker	pancing
hookup	masang
hooky	seneng banget
hooligan	hooligan
hoop	gelang
hoopla	sungging
hooray	hooray
hoot	hoot
hooter	hooter
hop	mlumpat
hope	pangarep-arep
hopeful	muga-muga
hopeless	ora ana harapan
hopelessness	kepenak
hopes	ngarep-arep
hoping	ngarep-arep
hopper	hopper
horde	horde
horizon	jangkah
horizontal	horisontal
horizontally	horisontal
hormonal	hormonal
hormone	hormon
horn	sungu
horned	horned
hornet	lenggah
horny	mesum
horoscope	horoskop
horrendous	horrendous
horrible	nggegirisi
horribly	horribly
horrid	horrid
horrific	horrific
horrified	horrified
horrifying	horrifying
horror	horor
horrors	horrors
horse	jaran
horseback	punggung kuda
horseman	penunggang kuda
horsepower	daya kuda
horseradish	horseradish
horseshit	horseshit
horseshoe	jarene
horsey	horsey
horticultural	horticultural
horticulture	horticulture
hosannah	NO TRANSLATION
hose	selang
hosiery	kaos kaki
hospice	hospice
hospitable	nyambut damel
hospital	rumah sakit
hospitality	Hospitality
host	inang
hostage	sandera
hostel	asrama
hostess	hostess
hostile	mungsuh
hostilities	permusuhan
hostility	permusuhan
hot	panas
hot sauce	saus panas
hotbed	ngguyu
hotdog	hotdog
hotel	hotel
hothead	hothead
hotline	hotline
hotshot	hotshot
hotyoga	NO TRANSLATION
hound	hound
hour	jam
hourglass	jam
hourly	saben jam
house	omah
houseboat	omah-omahé
houseboy	houseboy
housebroken	housebroken
houseguest	omah
household	kluwarga
householder	householder
housekeeper	omahé
housekeeping	tukang resik resik
housewarming	housewarming
housewife	ibu rumah tangga
housework	housework
housing	omah
hovel	hovel
hover	nglayang
hovercraft	hovercraft
howl	howl
howsoever	ing ngendi wae
hoy	NO TRANSLATION
hub	hub
hubby	ngantuk
huckleberry	huckleberry
huddle	buntut
hue	hue
huff	huff
huffy	huffy
hug	ngrangkul
huge	ageng
hugger	hugger
huggy	huggy
hugs	hugs
hulk	hulk
hull	hull
hum	hum
human	manungsa
humane	manawa
humanitarian	kamanungsan
humanities	manungsa
humanity	manungsa
humankind	manungsa
humanoid	humanoid
humanrights	NO TRANSLATION
humble	sedherhana
humbled	humbled
humbly	humbly
humbug	humbug
humdrum	humdrum
humid	lembab
humidity	asor
humiliate	ngina
humiliated	diremehake
humiliating	humiliating
humiliation	ngina
humility	sedhela
hummer	hummer
hummingbird	hummingbird
humongous	humongous
humor	humor
humored	humored
humorist	humorist
humorous	lucu
hump	hump
humpback	humpback
hunch	hunch
hunchback	hunchback
hundred	satus
hundredth	seratus
hunger	keluwen
hungry	luwe
hunk	hunk
hunks	hunks
hunky	hunky
hunt	mburu
hunter	pamburu
hunting	mburu
huntress	huntress
hurdle	hurdle
hurl	hurl
hurrah	hurray
hurricane	badai
hurricanes	angin topan
hurried	hurried
hurry	cepet-cepet
hurryup	NO TRANSLATION
hurt	gerah
hurtful	hurtful
hurting	nyerang
husband	bojomu
husbandry	husbandry
hush	hush
hushed	hushed
husk	NO TRANSLATION
husky	husky
hussy	hussy
hustle	hustle
hustler	hustler
hut	pondhok
hutch	hutch
hyacinth	gondok
hybrid	Sato
hydra	griya
hydrant	hydrant
hydrate	hydrate
hydraulic	hydraulic
hydraulics	hidrolika
hydrocephalus	hidrosefalus
hydrodynamics	hidrodinamika
hydrogen	hidrogen
hydrographic	hydrographic
hydrology	hidrologi
hydrophobia	hidrofobia
hydroponics	hydroponics
hyena	hyena
hygiene	kebersihan
hygienic	higienis
hygienist	hygienist
hymen	hymen
hymn	nyanyian
hype	hype
hyped	hyped
hyper	nglampahi
hyperactive	hyperactive
hyperbole	hyperbole
hyperspace	hyperspace
hypertension	hipertensi
hypertrophy	hypertrophy
hyperventilate	hyperventilate
hyperventilating	hyperventilating
hyphen	hyphen
hypnosis	hipnosis
hypnotic	hypnotic
hypnotist	hipnosis
hypnotize	hypnotize
hypnotized	hypnotized
hypochondriac	hypochondriac
hypocrisy	kemunafikan
hypocrite	munafik
hypocritical	munafik
hypodermic	hypodermic
hypothalamus	hypothalamus
hypothermia	hipotermia
hypothesis	hipotesis
hypothetical	hipotetis
hysterectomy	hysterectomy
hysteria	hysteria
hysterical	hysterical
ibuprofen	ibuprofen
ice	es
ice tea	es teh
iceberg	iceberg
icebox	icebox
icebreaker	icebreaker
iced	es
icing	icing
icky	icky
icon	ikon
iconic	apik banget
iconography	iconography
icy	es
id	id
idea	idea
ideal	becik
idealism	idealisme
idealist	idealist
idealistic	idealistic
identical	identik
identically	identik
identification	identifikasi
identify	ngenali
identity	tetenger
ideology	ideologi
idiocy	idiocy
idiom	idiom
idiomatic	idiomatic
idiot	bodho
idiotic	idiotic
idiots	idiots
idle	meneng
idleness	kepenak
idler	wong tuwa
idol	idola
idolatry	idolatri
idolizing	idolising
idyllic	idyllic
iffy	iffy
ifonly	yen mung
igloo	igloo
igneous	igneous
ignite	ignite
ignition	ignisi
ignorance	ora nggatekke
ignorant	bodho
ignore	nglirwakake
iguana	iguana
ihatespiders	NO TRANSLATION
ilk	NO TRANSLATION
ill	gerah
illegal	ilegal
illegality	ilegalitas
illegally	ilegal
illegible	ora bisa dibantah
illegitimate	ora sah
illicit	ilegal
illiterate	buta huruf
illness	penyakit
illogical	illogical
illuminate	nggambarake
illuminating	nggambarake
illumination	katerangan
illuminator	illuminator
illusion	ilusi
illustrate	ilustrasi
illustration	ilustrasi
illustrative	ilustrasi
illustrious	illustrious
ilovechristmas	NO TRANSLATION
iloveher	NO TRANSLATION
image	gambar
imagery	gambar
imaginable	imaginable
imaginary	bayangan
imagination	bayangan
imaginative	imajinatif
imagine	mbayangno
imagined	mbayangno
imaging	imaging
imagining	mbayangno
imam	NO TRANSLATION
imbalance	ora seimbang
imbecile	imbecile
imbedded	imbedded
imissyou	NO TRANSLATION
imitate	niru
imitated	ditiru
imitation	imitasi
immaculate	immaculate
immaterial	immaterial
immature	durung entuk
immaturity	tanpa wates
immeasurable	immeasurable
immeasurably	banget
immediacy	langsung
immediate	langsung
immediately	langsung
immemorial	immemorial
immense	banget
immerse	nyemangati
immersion	kecemplung
immigrant	imigran
immigration	imigrasi
imminent	imminent
immobile	immobile
immoral	immoral
immorality	laku jina
immortal	langgeng
immortality	kalanggengan
immovable	immovable
immune	kekebalan
immunity	kekebalan
immunization	imunisasi
immutable	terus-terusan
imp	imp
impact	impact
impair	ngrusak
impaired	cacat
impairment	cacat
impart	impart
impartial	ora adil
impartiality	impartiality
impassable	ora bisa ditindakake
impassioned	tresna
impatience	impatience
impatient	ora sabar
impatiently	NO TRANSLATION
impeach	impeach
impeachment	impeachment
impeccable	impeccable
impede	nyegah
impediment	impediment
impelled	impelled
impending	kedadeyan
impenetrable	impenetrable
imperative	utomo
imperceptible	imperceptible
imperfect	cacat
imperfection	imperfection
imperfectly	sampurna
imperial	kekaisaran
imperialist	NO TRANSLATION
impermeable	impermeable
impermissible	impermissible
impersonal	impersonal
impersonate	impersonate
impersonation	penyamaran
impersonator	impersonator
impertinence	impertinence
impertinent	impertinent
impervious	impervious
impetuous	ngganggu
impetus	impetus
implacable	ora bisa
implant	implan
implantation	implantasi
implanted	implan
implement	ngleksanakake
implicate	implicate
implicated	nyangkut
implication	implikasi
implied	diwenehake
implore	muga-muga
implosion	implosion
imply	imply
impolite	impolite
import	ngimpor
importance	penting
important	penting
importation	importasi
impose	nemtokake
imposing	imposing
imposition	imposition
impossibility	impossibility
impossible	mokal
impostor	impostor
impotence	impotence
impotent	impoten
impound	impound
impoverished	impoverished
impracticable	impracticable
impractical	ora praktis
impregnable	impregnable
impregnate	impregnate
impress	ngesanake
impressed	kaget
impression	kesan
impressionable	impressionable
impressive	nyengsemaken
imprint	imprint
imprison	nangkep
imprisoned	ditahan
imprisonment	penjara
improbable	improbable
impromptu	impromptu
improper	ora bener
impropriety	impropriety
improve	nambah
improved	apik
improvement	perbaikan
improves	mbenakake
improving	ningkatake
improvisation	improvisasi
improvise	improvise
improvised	improvisasi
imprudent	imprudent
impudence	impudence
impudent	impudent
impulse	impuls
impulsive	impulsif
impunity	impunity
impure	impure
impurity	impurity
imputation	imputation
imtryingtosleep	NO TRANSLATION
inability	ora bisa
inaccessible	ora bisa diakses
inaccurate	leres
inaction	inaction
inactivate	mateni
inactivation	inactivation
inactive	aktif
inactivity	ora aktif
inadequacy	inadequacy
inadequate	ora cukup
inadequateness	inadequateness
inadmissible	inadmissible
inadvertent	inadvertent
inadvertently	inadvertently
inaffable	NO TRANSLATION
inalienable	inalienable
inane	inane
inanimate	inanimate
inapplicable	inapplicable
inappropriate	ora pantes
inattention	inattention
inaudible	ora bisa
inaugural	perdana
inaugurate	dipunresmikaken
inauguration	inauguration
inborn	inborn
inbound	inbound
inbred	inbred
incalculable	ora bisa ditemtokake
incandescent	pijar
incantation	incantation
incapable	ora bisa
incapacity	incapacity
incarceration	dipenjara
incarnate	incarnate
incase	ing kasus
incendiary	incendiary
incense	dupa
incensed	nesu
incentive	nyurung
inception	wiwitan
incessant	terus-terusan
incessantly	terus-terusan
incest	incest
incestuous	incestuous
inch	inch
incidence	kedadeyan
incident	kedadeyan
incidental	gegayutan
incidentally	kedadeyan
incineration	incineration
incinerator	incinerator
incipient	incipient
incision	incision
incisive	incisive
incite	incite
incitement	incitement
inclement	inclement
inclination	inclination
incline	incline
inclined	kepenak
include	kalebu
included	klebu
including	kalebu
inclusion	klebu
inclusive	klebu
incognito	incognito
incoherent	ora klebu
income	income
incoming	mlebu
incomparable	incomparable
incompatible	kompatibel
incompetence	incompetence
incompetent	ora cekap
incomplete	ora lengkap
incompletely	incompletely
incompleteness	incompleteness
incomprehensible	ora bisa dipahami
inconceivable	ora bisa ditemokake
inconclusive	ora mesthi
incongruous	incongruous
inconsequential	ora penting
inconsiderate	ora nggatekake
inconsistency	inconsistency
inconsistent	konsisten
inconspicuous	inconspicuous
incontinence	incontinence
inconvenience	ora nyaman
inconvenient	ora nyenengake
incorporate	nggabungake
incorporation	penggabungan
incorrect	ora bener
incorrigible	incorrigible
increase	Mundakake
increased	tambah
incredible	luar biasa
incredulous	incredulous
increment	nambah
incriminate	incriminate
incriminating	incriminating
incrimination	incrimination
incubation	inkubasi
incubator	incubator
incubus	incubus
incumbent	saiki
incur	kena
incurable	incurable
incursion	incursion
indebted	utang
indecency	indecency
indecent	ora sopan
indecision	indeksasi
indecisive	indecisive
indefensible	indefensible
indefinite	indefinite
indelible	indelible
indemnification	indemnifikasi
indemnify	indemnify
indemnity	indemnity
indent	indent
indentation	indentasi
indenture	indenture
independence	kamardikan
independent	independen
indescribable	indescribable
indestructible	indestructible
indeterminate	indeterminate
index	indeks
indicate	nuduhake
indicating	nuduhake
indication	indikasi
indicative	indikatif
indicator	indikator
indice	NO TRANSLATION
indict	indict
indictment	indictment
indie	indie
indifference	indifference
indifferent	indifferent
indigenous	pribumi
indigent	indigent
indigestion	indigestion
indignant	indignant
indignation	indignation
indignity	indignity
indigo	indigo
indirect	langsung
indiscreet	indiscreet
indiscretion	indiscretion
indispensable	indispensable
indisposed	indisposed
indistinct	indistinct
indistinguishable	indistinguishable
individual	individu
individuality	individuality
indivisible	indivisible
indoctrination	indoctrination
indolent	indolent
indomitable	indomitable
indoor	njero ruangan
induce	panggawe
induced	mlebu
inducement	inducement
induction	induksi
indulge	nyenengi
indulgence	kesenengan
indulgent	indulgent
industrial	Industri
industrialist	industrialis
industrious	industrialis
industry	industri
ineffable	ora bisa dibantah
ineffective	ora efektif
ineffectual	ora pati jelas
inefficiency	inefficiency
inefficient	inefficient
inelastic	inelastic
ineligible	ora layak
inept	inept
ineptitude	ineptitude
inequality	ketimpangan
inequitable	ora adil
inert	inert
inertia	inertia
inevitable	ora bisa ditindakake
inexact	inexact
inexcusable	inexcusable
inexhaustible	inexhaustible
inexpensive	inexpensive
inexperience	kurang pengalaman
inexperienced	kurang pengalaman
inexplicable	inexplicable
inexpressible	ora bisa ditélakaké
infallibility	infalibilitas
infallible	infallible
infamous	misuwur
infamy	infamy
infancy	infancy
infant	bayi
infanticide	infanticide
infantile	bocah cilik
infantry	infanteri
infarct	infarct
infatuated	infatuated
infatuation	infatuation
infeasible	infeasible
infect	nginfeksi
infection	infèksi
infectious	infèksi
infer	nyimpul
inference	inference
inferential	inferensial
inferior	kurang ajar
inferiority	inferiority
infernal	infernal
inferno	inferno
infertile	infertile
infertility	infertilitas
infestation	infestation
infidel	infidel
infidelity	infidelity
infield	infield
infiltrate	infiltrate
infiltration	infiltration
infinite	tanpa wates
infinitely	tanpa wates
infinitesimal	infinitesimal
infinity	Tanpa wates
infirm	infirm
infirmary	infirmary
infirmity	kelemahane
inflammation	inflammation
inflammatory	inflammatory
inflatable	inflatable
inflate	inflate
inflated	inflasi
inflation	inflasi
inflection	inflection
inflict	nyegah
infliction	infliction
inflorescence	inflorescence
influence	pengaruh
influential	pengaruh
influenza	influenza
influx	influx
info	info
infomercial	infomercial
inform	ngandhani
informal	informal
informant	informan
information	informasi
informative	informatif
informed	informed
informer	informer
infraction	infraction
infrared	inframerah
infrastructure	infrastruktur
infrequent	jarang
infrequently	jarang
infringement	pelanggaran
infuriate	nesu
infuriated	infuriated
infuriates	ngguyu
infuriating	infuriating
infuse	infuse
infused	infused
infuser	infuser
infusion	infus
ingenious	ingenious
ingenuity	ingenuity
ingest	ingest
ingestion	ingestion
ingot	ingot
ingrained	ingrained
ingrate	ingrate
ingredient	bahan
ingress	ingress
inhabit	dumunung
inhabitant	wong sing manggon
inhabited	didunungi
inhabiting	manggon
inhalation	inhalation
inhale	inhale
inhaler	inhaler
inherent	alami
inherit	warisan
inheritance	warisan
inhibit	nyegah
inhibition	inhibisi
inhibitor	inhibitor
inhospitable	inhospitable
inhuman	kejem
inhumane	inhumane
inhumanity	inhumanity
inimaginable	NO TRANSLATION
inimical	inimical
inimitable	inimitable
iniquity	kasalahan
initial	dhisikan
initiate	miwiti
initiated	diwiwiti
initiation	wiwitan
initiative	inisiatif
inject	inject
injection	injeksi
injunction	injunction
injure	luka
injured	tatu
injuring	injuring
injurious	injurious
injury	cilaka
injustice	ora adil
ink	tinta
inkling	inkling
inland	daratan
inlay	inlay
inlet	inlet
inmate	tahanan
inn	penginapan
innards	innards
innate	innate
inner	njero
innermost	inggil
innerpeace	NO TRANSLATION
inning	inning
innings	babak
innkeeper	innkeeper
innocence	innocence
innocent	innocent
innocently	innocently
innocuous	innocuous
innovate	innovate
innovation	inovasi
innovative	inovatif
innuendo	innuendo
innumerable	innumerable
inoculation	inoculation
inoperable	inoperable
inoperative	inoperatif
inordinate	inordinate
inorganic	inorganic
input	input
inquest	inquest
inquire	pitakon
inquirer	inquirer
inquiring	inquiring
inquiry	nakoni, nyelidiki
inquisitive	inquisitive
inquisitor	inquisitor
insane	edan
insanity	nggegirisi
insatiable	insatiable
inscription	prasasti
inscrutable	inscrutable
insect	serangga
insecticide	insektisida
insecure	ora aman
insecurity	insecurity
insemination	inseminasi
insensitive	insensitive
inseparable	ora bisa dipisahake
insert	insert
inserted	dipasang
insertion	sisipan
inside	nang
insider	njero
insidious	insidious
insight	wawasan
insightful	welas asih
insignia	insignia
insignificance	ketimpangan
insignificant	ora penting
insinuate	insinuate
insipid	insipid
insist	ngelingi
insistence	desakan
insistent	insistent
insists	ngelingi
insolence	insolence
insolent	insolent
insoluble	insoluble
insolvency	insolvensi
insolvent	ngguyu
insomnia	insomnia
insomniac	insomniac
inspect	mriksa
inspection	pengawasan
inspector	inspektur
inspiration	inspirasi
inspirational	inspirasi
inspire	inspirasi
inspired	inspirasi
instability	instansi
install	nginstal
installation	instalasi
installment	cicilan
instance	conto
instant	cepet
instantaneous	cepet
instantaneously	langsung
instigate	instigate
instigation	insting
instill	instill
instinct	insting
instinctive	instinctive
institute	institut
institution	institusi
instruct	dawuh
instructed	pitakon
instruction	instruksi
instructional	instruksional
instructions	instruksi
instructive	instructive
instructor	instruktur
instrument	instrumen
instrumental	instrumental
instrumentalist	instrumentalist
instrumentality	instrumentality
insubordination	nyalahake
insufferable	insufferable
insufficiency	insufficiency
insufficient	ora cukup
insufficiently	ora cukup
insular	insular
insulate	insulate
insulated	terisolasi
insulation	isolasi
insulin	insulin
insult	ngina
insulting	ngina
insurance	insurance
insure	njamin
insurgent	insurgent
insurmountable	insurmountable
insurrection	pemberontakan
intact	utuh
intake	intake
intangible	intangible
integer	ongko
integral	integral
integrate	nggabungake
integration	integrasi
integrity	integritas
intellect	akal
intellectual	intelektual
intelligence	Intelligence
intelligent	cerdas
intelligibility	intelligibility
intelligible	dipahami
intend	ngenani
intended	intended
intending	intending
intense	kuat
intensely	intensely
intensify	intensify
intensity	kakiyatan
intensive	tenanan
intent	maksud
intention	niat
intentional	disengaja
intentionally	sengaja
inter	inter
interact	interaksi
interaction	interaksi
interactive	gawe gathuk ing rembugan
intercede	intercede
intercept	nyegat
interception	interception
intercession	sumpah
interchange	interchange
interchangeable	bisa ditransfer
interchanged	interchanged
intercom	intercom
intercourse	sanggama
interdependence	interdependence
interdependent	saling gumantung
interdiction	interdiction
interest	kepincut
interested	kasengsem
interesting	menarik
interface	antarmuka
interfere	ngganggu
interference	gangguan
interferometer	interferometer
intergalactic	intergalactic
interim	interim
interior	interior
interject	interject
interlocutory	interlokutori
interlude	interlude
intermediary	intermediary
intermediate	intermediate
interment	interment
interminable	interminable
intermission	intermission
intermittent	intermiten
intern	intern
internal	internal
internally	njero
international	internasional
internet	internet
internship	internship
interoffice	interoffice
interpolate	interpolate
interpolation	interpolasi
interpret	interpretasi
interpretation	interpretasi
interpreter	interpreter
interpretive	interpretasi
interrelated	interrelated
interrogate	interogate
interrogation	interogasi
interrupt	ngganggu
interrupted	diselani
interrupting	ngganggu
interruption	gangguan
interrupts	interrupts
intersect	intersect
intersection	persimpangan
interstate	intine
interstellar	interstellar
interstitial	interstitial
interval	interval
intervene	ngintervensi
intervening	intervening
intervention	intervensi
interview	wawancara
interviewer	interviewer
interworking	interworking
intestate	intestate
intestinal	usus
intestine	usus
intestines	usus
intimacy	intimacy
intimate	intim
intimately	kepenak
intimation	intimation
intimidate	intimidate
intimidated	intimidated
intimidating	intimidating
intimidation	intimidasi
intolerable	intolerable
intolerance	intoleransi
intolerant	intolerant
intonation	intonasi
intoxicated	mabuk
intoxicating	mabuk
intoxication	mabuk
intracranial	intrakranial
intractable	intractable
intramural	intramural
intravenous	intravena
intrepid	intrepid
intricate	ruwet
intrigue	intrigue
intriguing	nyenengake
intrinsic	intrinsik
intrinsically	intrinsically
intro	intro
introduce	introduce
introduction	pengantar
introductory	pambuka
introspection	introspeksi
introspective	introspektif
intrude	intrude
intruder	intruder
intrusion	gangguan
intrusive	intrusive
intubation	intubasi
intuition	roso
intuitive	intuisi
intuitively	intuisi
inundation	inundation
invade	nyerang
invader	penyerbu
invalid	ora bener
invalidate	invalidate
invalidation	invalidasi
invalidity	invaliditas
invaluable	ora pantes
invariably	tansah ana
invasion	invasi
invasive	invasif
invent	invent
invention	penemuan
inventive	inventif
inventor	penemu
inventory	persediaan
inverse	kabalikan
inversely	sebalik
inversion	inversi
invert	invert
inverted	inverted
invest	nandur modal
investigate	neliti
investigation	diselidiki
investigative	investigative
investigator	penyidik
investment	investasi
investor	investor
invidious	invidious
invigorate	invigorate
invincible	invincible
invisibility	ora katon
invisible	ora katon
invitation	undangan
invite	ngajak
inviting	ngundang
invocation	invocation
invoice	invoice
invoke	invoke
involuntary	involuntary
involution	involusi
involve	ndherek
involvement	keterlibatan
invulnerable	ora bisa dilalekake
inwards	njero
iodine	yodium
ion	ion
iota	iota
irate	irate
ire	NO TRANSLATION
iridescent	iridescent
iris	iris
irked	irked
irks	irks
iron	wesi
ironclad	ironclad
ironic	ironi
irons	irons
irony	ironi
irradiation	iradiasi
irrational	irasional
irrationality	irasionalitas
irreconcilable	irreconcilable
irreducible	irreducible
irrefutable	irrefutable
irregular	ora tetep
irregularity	irregularity
irregularly	ora tetep
irrelevant	ora relevan
irreparable	irreparable
irreplaceable	irreplaceable
irrepressible	irrepressible
irresistible	irresistible
irrespective	irrespective
irresponsible	ora tanggung jawab
irreverent	irreverent
irreversible	irreversible
irrevocable	irrevocable
irrigate	irigasi
irrigation	irigasi
irritability	irritability
irritable	gampang nyerang
irritate	ngganggu
irritated	jengkel
irritates	ngganggu
irritating	ngganggu
irritation	gangguan
island	pulo
isle	pulo
islet	pulo
isolate	ngisolasi
isolated	terisolasi
isolation	isolasi
isomorphism	isomorphism
isothermal	isothermal
isotope	isotop
issue	masalah
itch	gatel
itching	itching
itchy	gatal
item	item
itemize	itemize
items	item
iterate	iterate
iteration	mbaleni
iterative	iteratif
itinerant	itinerant
itinerary	itinerary
ivory	ivory
jab	jab
jabber	jabber
jack	jack
jackal	jackal
jackass	dhewekne
jacket	jaket
jackhammer	jackhammer
jackpot	jackpot
jackrabbit	jackrabbit
jacks	jacks
jade	jade
jaded	jaded
jag	NO TRANSLATION
jagged	jagged
jaguar	jaguar
jail	jail
jailbird	jailbird
jailbreak	jailbreak
jailer	jailer
jailhouse	jailhouse
jalopy	jalopy
jam	jam
jamboree	jamboree
jammed	macet
jammer	jammer
janitor	janitor
janitorial	janitorial
japan	japan
jar	jar
jargon	jargon
jarhead	jarhead
jarring	jarring
jasmine	melati
jasper	jasper
jaundice	jaundice
jaunt	lunga
java	jawa
javelin	javelin
jaw	rahang
jawbone	jawbone
jaws	cangkem
jay	jay
jazz	jazz
jazzy	jazzy
jealous	cemburu
jealousy	cemburu
jean	jean
jeans	jins
jeep	jeep
jeering	ngguyu
jelly	jeli
jellybean	jellybean
jellyfish	ubur-ubur
jenny	jenny
jeopardize	jeopardize
jeopardy	jeopardy
jerk	jerk
jerks	jerks
jerky	jerky
jersey	jersey
jest	NO TRANSLATION
jester	jester
jesus	jesus
jet	jet
jetty	jeti
jewel	permata
jeweler	tukang jahit
jewelry	perhiasan
jib	jib
jiff	NO TRANSLATION
jiffy	jiffy
jig	jig
jiggle	jiggle
jigsaw	jigsaw
jihad	jihad
jimmy	jimmy
jingle	jingle
jinx	jinx
jitters	jitters
jittery	jittery
jive	jive
job	proyek
jobinterview	NO TRANSLATION
jock	jock
jockey	jockey
jockstrap	jockstrap
jog	jog
jogger	jogger
john	john
join	gabung
joined	melu
joining	gabung
joint	peserta
jointly	bebarengan
joke	joke
joker	joker
joking	joking
jolly	jolly
jolt	jolt
jornada	NO TRANSLATION
jot	jot
jour	NO TRANSLATION
journal	jurnal
journalism	jurnalisme
journalist	wartawan
journalistic	jurnalistik
journey	lelungan
journeyman	journeyman
joust	joust
jovial	jovial
joy	bungah
joyful	bungah
joyous	bungah
joyride	joyride
joys	bungah
jubilant	jubilant
jubilee	jubilee
judge	hakim
judged	dipun biji
judging	menehi kritik
judgment	pangadilan
judgmental	judgmental
judicial	pengadilan
judiciary	pengadilan
judicious	apik banget
judo	judo
jug	jug
juggle	juggle
juggler	juggler
juggling	juggling
jugular	jugular
juice	jus
juicer	juicer
juicy	jus
juju	NO TRANSLATION
juke	juke
jukebox	jukebox
jumble	jumble
jumbled	jumbled
jumbo	jumbo
jump	mlumpat
jump rope	lompat tali
jumper	jumper
jumpsuit	jumpsuit
jumpy	jumpy
junction	prapatan
juncture	juncture
jungle	jungle
junior	junior
juniper	juniper
junk	sampah
junket	junket
junkie	junkie
junky	junky
junkyard	junkyard
junta	junta
juridical	juridical
jurisdiction	yurisdiksi
jurisprudence	jurisprudence
jurist	jurist
juror	juror
jury	juri
justice	kaadilan
justifiable	justifiable
justification	kabeneran
justify	mbenerake
juststop	NO TRANSLATION
justthebeginning	NO TRANSLATION
jute	jute
juvenile	juvenile
juxtaposition	juxtaposition
kaiser	kaiser
kale	kale
kaleidoscope	kaleidoscope
kamikaze	kamikaze
kangaroo	kangaroo
kanji	kanji
kappa	kappa
kaput	NO TRANSLATION
karaoke	karaoke
karate	karate
karma	karma
karmic	karmic
kayak	kayaking
kazoo	kazoo
kebab	kebab
keel	keel
keen	kepenginan
keep	njaga
keeper	keeper
keeping	tetep
keepsake	keepsake
keg	keg
kelp	kelp
ken	ken
kennel	kennel
kerchief	kerchief
kern	kern
kernel	kernel
kerosene	kerosene
ketchup	ketchup
kettle	ceret
key	tombol
keyboard	papan ketik
keyed	keyed
keyhole	keyhole
keynote	intine
keypad	keypad
keystone	keystone
keyword	tembung kunci
khaki	khaki
khan	khan
kibble	kibble
kick	nyepak
kickboxing	kickboxing
kicker	kicker
kicking	nyepak
kickoff	kickoff
kid	bocah
kidder	kidder
kidding	kidding
kiddo	kiddo
kiddos	kiddos
kidnap	kidnap
kidnapped	diculik
kidnapper	kidnapper
kidnapping	nyulik
kidney	ginjel
kids	bocah-bocah
kill	mateni
killer	pembunuh
killing	nyababaken
killjoy	nyengsemaken
kiln	kiln
kilo	NO TRANSLATION
kilogram	kilogram
kilometer	kilometer
kilt	kilt
kimono	kimono
kin	kin
kind	apik
kindergarten	Kindergarten
kindling	kindling
kindness	kebecikan
kindred	kulawarga
kinematics	kinematika
kinesiology	kinesiologi
kinetic	kinetik
king	raja
king snake	king snake
kingdom	kerajaan
kingpin	kingpin
kink	kink
kinky	kinky
kinship	kinship
kiosk	kiosk
kirk	kirk
kiss	Kiss
kisser	kisser
kissy	kissy
kit	kit
kitchen	pawon
kite	layangan
kitten	kucing
kiwi	kiwi
klutz	klutz
knack	knack
knapsack	knapsack
knead	knead
knee	dhengkul
kneecap	lenggah
kneel	kneel
kneeling	kneeling
knell	knell
knick	knick
knickers	knickers
knife	piso
knight	Knight
knighthood	knighthood
knit	rusak
knob	kenop
knock	ngalahake
knockoff	knockoff
knockout	kalah
knoll	knoll
knot	simpul
knots	knots
knotted	knotted
know	ngerti
knowing	ngerti
knowingly	sengaja
knowledge	kawruh
knowledgeable	pinter
knuckle	knuckle
knucklehead	knucklehead
knuckles	knuckles
koala	koala
kook	NO TRANSLATION
kooky	kooky
kool-aid	kool-aid
kos	kos
kosher	kosher
kraut	NO TRANSLATION
kris	kris
kryptonite	kryptonite
kudos	kudos
kumquat	kumquat
lab	lab
label	label
labor	pegaweyan
laboratory	laboratorium
labored	labored
laborer	buruh
laboring	ngladosi
laborious	laborious
labyrinth	labyrinth
lac	lac
lace	renda
laceration	laceration
lack	kurang
lackey	kurang ajar
lacking	kurang
lackluster	lackluster
lacquer	lacquer
lacrosse	lacrosse
lactose	lactose
lad	anak
ladder	tangga
laddie	laddie
laden	laden
lading	lading
ladle	ladle
lady	Lady
lady bug	NO TRANSLATION
ladybug	ladybug
ladylike	Ladylike
ladyship	ladyship
lag	lag
lager	NO TRANSLATION
lagging	lagging
lagoon	laguna
lair	lair
laity	laity
lake	lake
lama	NO TRANSLATION
lamb	Lamb
lame	lame
lament	sambat
lamenting	lamenting
lamina	lamina
laminated	laminated
lamp	lampu
lamppost	lamppost
lance	lance
lancer	lancer
land	tanah
landed	ndharat
landfall	landfall
landfill	landfill
landing	kebangkrutan
landlady	landlady
landlocked	landlocked
landlord	juragan tanah
landmark	landmark
lands	tanah
landscape	lanskap
landscaping	landscaping
landslide	landslide
lane	lane
language	basa
languid	languid
languish	languish
languishing	languishing
lanky	lanky
lantern	lantern
lap	lap
lapdog	nglampahi
lapel	lapel
lapse	kelangan
lapsed	lapsed
laptop	laptop
larceny	larceny
lard	lard
larder	larder
large	gedhe
larger	luwih gedhe
largo	NO TRANSLATION
lark	lark
larva	larva
laryngitis	laryngitis
larynx	larynx
lasagna	lasagna
laser	laser
lash	lash
lass	lass
lasso	lasso
lastday	NO TRANSLATION
lasting	langgeng
lastminute	lastminute
latch	latch
late	pungkasane
lateness	lateness
latent	laten
lateral	tambahan
laterally	laterally
latex	latek
lathe	lathe
lather	lather
latitude	garis lintang
latrine	jamban
latrines	jamban
latte	latte
lattice	pola
laud	laud
laudable	laudable
laudation	laudation
laudatory	laudatory
laugh	ngguyu
laughable	ngguyu
laughing	ngguyu
laughingstock	NO TRANSLATION
laughs	ngguyu
laughter	ngguyu
launch	miwiti
launcher	nguripake
launches	urip
launder	launder
laundering	laundering
laundry	usaha ngumbah klambi
laureate	panjaluke
laurel	laurel
laurels	laurels
lava	lava
lavage	lavage
lavatory	lavatory
lavender	lavender
lavish	lavish
law	hukum
lawful	sah miturut ukum
lawless	tanpa hukum
lawlessness	angger-anggering Toret
lawman	lawman
lawn	lawn
lawnmower	Mesin gawe ngethoki suket
lawsuit	tuntutan hukum
lawyer	pengacara
lax	lax
laxative	laxative
lay	lay
layaway	layaway
layer	lapisan
layered	dilapisi
layman	layman
layout	tata letak
layover	layover
laziness	kandhutan
lazy	lirih
lazyday	NO TRANSLATION
lea	lea
lead	timbal
leaded	dipimpin
leader	pimpinan
leadership	kepemimpinan
leading	leading
leads	nuntun
leaf	godhong
leaflet	leaflet
leafy	leafy
league	liga
leak	bocor
leakage	kebocoran
leaky	bocor
lean	nggoleki
leaned	leaned
leaning	nyandhang
leap	kabisat
learn	sinau
learned	sinau
learner	Murid
learning	sinau
lease	lease
leash	leash
leather	kulit
leathery	skiny
leave	ninggalake
leavemealone	leavemealone
leaving	ninggalake
lecherous	lecherous
lecture	kuliah
lecturer	dosen
ledge	langsing
ledger	buku
lee	lee
leech	lintah
leeches	leeches
leer	NO TRANSLATION
leery	leery
lees	NO TRANSLATION
leeway	leeway
left	kiwa
leftout	NO TRANSLATION
leftover	leftover
leftovers	leftovers
lefty	lefty
leg	sikil
legacy	warisan
legal	legal
legality	legality
legalize	legalize
legalized	dileksanakake
legally	sah
legend	legenda
legendary	legendaris
legibility	keterbukaan
legible	kabuka
legion	legiun
legislate	legislate
legislation	aturan
legislative	legislatif
legislator	legislator
legislature	legislatif
legit	legit
legitimacy	legitimasi
legitimate	sah
lego	lego
legs	sikil
legume	legume
legwork	legwork
leisure	luang
leisurely	leisurely
lemma	lemma
lemon	linglang
lemonade	lemonade
lend	ngutangi
lender	tiyang ingkang nyukani ampilan
lending	kredit
length	dawa
lengthen	lengthen
lengthened	lengthened
lengthening	lengthening
lengthwise	lengthwise
lengthy	dowo
leniency	leniency
lenient	lenient
lens	lensa
leopard	macan tutul
leotard	leotard
leper	kusta
leprechaun	leprechaun
leprosy	lepra
lesbian	lesbian
lesbianism	lesbianism
lesion	lesion
less	kurang
lessee	lessee
lessen	nyuda
lessening	kurangi
lesser	kurang
lesson	pawulangan
lessor	lessor
let	ayo
lethal	nyebabake
lethargic	lethargic
lethargy	lethargy
letter	huruf
lettered	dicithak
letterhead	letterhead
lettering	lettering
letters	huruf
lettuce	Lettuce
leukemia	leukemia
levee	levee
level	tingkat
lever	pengungkit
leverage	pengaruh
levitate	levitate
levy	pajek
lewd	lewd
lexicon	leksikon
ley	NO TRANSLATION
liabilities	liabilities
liability	tanggung jawab
liable	liable
liaison	Liaison
liar	ngapusi
libel	libel
libelous	libelous
liberal	liberal
liberalism	liberalisme
liberate	mbebasake
liberated	liberated
liberating	mbebasake
liberation	kebebasan
liberty	kebebasan
libido	libido
librarian	pustakawan
library	perpustakaan
libretto	libretto
lice	lice
license	lisensi
lichen	lichen
lick	dilat
licorice	licorice
lid	tutup
lie	ngapusi
liege	liege
lien	lien
lieu	lieu
lieutenant	Lètnan
life	urip
lifeblood	lifeblood
lifeboat	sekoci
lifeguard	lifeguard
lifeisgood	urip
lifeless	ora ana urip
lifelike	urip sedhih
lifeline	garis umur
lifelong	saumur urip
lifer	lifer
lifesaver	lifesaver
lifestyle	gaya urip
lifesucks	lifesucks
lifetime	sakumur urip
lift	angkat
lifted	diangkat
liftoff	liftoff
ligament	ligamen
ligation	ligation
ligature	ligature
light	cahya
light year	taun cahya
lightbulb	lightbulb
lighten	lighten
lightheaded	lampiran
lighthouse	mercusuar
lighting	lampu
lightness	lightness
lightning	kilat
lights	lampu
lightweight	entheng
likable	seneng banget
like	kaya
likelihood	kemungkinan
likely	kamungkinan
likeness	likeness
likewise	uga
liking	dikarepake
lilac	lilac
lily	lily
limb	anggota awak
limber	limber
limbo	limbah
lime	jeruk
limelight	limelight
limestone	limestone
limey	limey
limit	watesan
limitation	watesan
limited	dibatesi
limitless	tanpa wates
limo	limo
limousine	limusin
limp	limp
lin	lin
line	baris
lineage	lineage
lineal	lineal
linear	linear
linebacker	linebacker
lined	dianggo
linen	linen
liner	liner
lines	garis
lineup	garis duwur
linger	linger
lingerie	lingerie
lingering	lingering
lingo	lingo
lingual	lingual
linguini	linguini
linguist	linguist
linguistic	linguistik
linguistics	linguistik
lining	lapisan
link	pranala
linoleum	linoleum
lint	lint
lion	singa
lip	lambe
liposuction	liposuction
lipstick	lipstik
liquefaction	liquefaction
liquefied	liquefied
liqueur	liqueur
liquid	Cairan
liquidate	liquidate
liquidation	liquidation
liquidator	liquidator
liquidity	likuiditas
liquor	omben-omben
lira	NO TRANSLATION
lisp	lisp
list	dhaptar
listen	ngrungokake
listener	pendengar
listenting	NO TRANSLATION
listing	listing
listless	ngilangi
listneing	NO TRANSLATION
litany	litane
liter	liter
literacy	kesusastraan
literal	tegese
literally	tegese
literary	sastra
literature	sastra
lithe	lithe
lithium	lithium
lithograph	lithograph
lithography	lithography
lithology	lithologi
lithosphere	lithosphere
litigant	litigant
litigate	liturgi
litigation	pengadilan
litigator	litigator
litigious	litigious
litter	sampah
little	sethithik
littlethings	littlethings
littoral	littoral
liturgy	liturgi
live	manggon
livelife	livelife
livelihood	livelihood
lively	nengsemake
liven	liven
liver	ati
livery	ati
livestock	ternak
livid	livid
living	urip
lizard	Kadal
llama	llama
lml	lml
load	mbukak
loader	loader
loaf	roti
loafer	loafer
loam	loam
loan	silihan
loath	nesu
loathe	sengit
loathful	loathful
loathing	ngguyu
loathsome	loathsome
lobby	lobi
lobbyist	lobbyist
lobe	lobe
lobotomy	lobotomi
lobster	lobster
local	lokal
locale	lokal
locality	lokalitas
localization	lokalisasi
localize	localize
localized	localized
locate	nemokake
location	lokasi
locator	locator
loch	loch
lock	ngunci
locker	gantungan kunci
locket	locket
locksmith	tukang kunci
lockup	ngunci
loco	loco
locomotion	lokomotif
locomotive	lokomotif
locust	belekan
lode	NO TRANSLATION
lodge	lodge
lodger	lodger
lodging	lodging
loft	loteng
lofty	mulyane
log	log
logarithm	logarithm
logarithmic	logarithmic
logic	logika
logical	logis
logistics	logistik
logo	logo
logotype	logotype
loin	NO TRANSLATION
lollipop	Lollipop
lone	lone
loneliness	kasepen
lonely	sepi
loner	loner
lonesome	lonesome
long	dawa
longboat	longboat
longevity	umur panjang
longing	longing
longitude	bujur
longitudinal	longitudinal
longitudinally	longitudinally
longtime	longtime
loo	loo
look	katon
looker	looker
lookout	nonton
loom	loom
looming	looming
loon	loon
loony	loony
loop	loop
loophole	loophole
loopy	loopy
loose	ngeculake
loosen	loosen
loosening	loosening
loot	loot
lop	lop
lopsided	lsp
lord	Gusti
lords	pangeran
lordship	kepemimpinan
lore	lore
lorry	lorry
lose	kalah
loser	loser
losing	kelangan
loss	mundhut
lost	ilang
lot	kathah
lotion	lotion
lots	akeh
lottery	lotre
lotto	lotto
lotus	lotus
loud	banter
loudly	banter banget
loudmouth	loudmouth
loudness	banter
loudspeaker	speker
lounge	ruang tamu
lounging	lounging
louse	louse
lousy	lousy
lovable	sing disenengi
love	katresnan
loved	tresna
lovee	lovee
loveee	loveee
loveless	tresna
lovelife	NO TRANSLATION
loveliness	loveliness
lovelovelove	NO TRANSLATION
lovely	apik banget
lovemaking	lovemaking
lovemylife	NO TRANSLATION
lover	kekasih
lovesick	lovesick
lovethis	lovethis
loving	tresna
lovinglife	lovinglife
lovinlife	lovinlife
low	kurang
lowdown	lowdown
lower	ngisor
lowering	ngurangi
lowest	paling ngisor
lowlands	dhataran rendah
lowlife	lowlife
lowly	sedheng
lox	lox
loyal	setya
loyalty	kasetyan
lsd	lsd
luau	luau
lube	lube
lubricant	lubricant
lubricate	lubricate
lubrication	lubrication
lucid	lucid
luck	luck
luckiest	luckiest
lucky	lucky
luckygirl	luckygirl
lucrative	lucrative
ludicrous	ludicrous
lug	lug
luggage	bagasi
lukewarm	lukewarm
lull	lull
lullaby	lullaby
lumbar	lumbar
lumber	kayu
lumbering	lumbering
lumberjack	lumberjack
luminescent	luminescent
luminous	luminous
lump	lump
lumpy	lumpy
lunacy	lunacy
lunar	lunar
lunatic	lunatic
lunch	nedha awan
lunchbox	lunchbox
luncheon	luncheon
lunchtime	lunchtime
lung	lung
lunge	lunge
lungs	paru
lurch	lurch
lure	nggodha
lurid	lurid
lurk	lurk
lurking	lurking
luscious	luscious
lush	gembur
lust	hawa nepsu
luster	luster
lustful	lustful
lustrous	lustrous
lusty	lusty
lute	lute
luxuriant	luxuriant
luxurious	mewah
luxury	mewah
lycra	lycra
lye	lye
lying	lying
lymph	lymph
lymphatic	lymphatic
lymphoma	limfoma
lynch	lynch
lynching	lynching
lynx	lynx
lyre	lyre
lyric	lyric
lyrical	lyrical
lyrics	lirik
macadamia	macadamia
macarena	macarena
macaroni	macaroni
mace	mace
mach	mach
machete	machete
machine	mesin
machinery	mesin
machinist	machinist
macho	macho
mackerel	mackerel
macro	macro
mad	mad
madam	madam
madame	madame
madden	madden
madder	madder
mademoiselle	NO TRANSLATION
mademyday	mademyday
madhouse	madhouse
madman	madman
madness	madness
maestro	maestro
mafia	Mafia
magazine	majalah
mage	mage
magenta	magenta
maggot	wedhus
magic	sihir
magical	ajaib
magician	tukang sulap
magistrate	hakim
magma	magma
magna	magna
magnate	magnate
magnesium	Magnesium
magnet	magnet
magnetic	Magnetik
magnetism	magnetisme
magnetite	magnetite
magnification	nggedhekake
magnificence	magnificence
magnificent	apik banget
magnifier	nggedhekake
magnify	nggedhekake
magnifying	nggedhekake
magnitude	gedhene
magnolia	magnolia
magpie	murai
mahi mahi	NO TRANSLATION
mahjong	mahjong
mahogany	mahoni
maid	wong wadon
maiden	wiwitan
mail	mail
mailbox	kothak layang
mailing	mailing
mailman	mailman
maim	NO TRANSLATION
main	utama
mainframe	mainframe
mainland	dharatan
mainstay	mainstay
mainstream	main
maintain	njaga
maintenance	pangopènan
majestic	nggumun
majesty	kamulyan
major	utama
majority	mayoritas
make	nggawe
makeover	Makeover
maker	maker
makeshift	makeshift
makesmehappy	NO TRANSLATION
makesmemad	NO TRANSLATION
makeup	dandanan
makingdisciples	NO TRANSLATION
malady	malady
malaise	malaise
malaria	malaria
malarkey	malarkey
male	lanang
malevolent	malevolent
malfeasance	malfeasance
malformation	malformasi
malfunction	malfunction
malice	NO TRANSLATION
malicious	angkoro
malign	malign
malignancy	malignancy
malignant	malignant
maligned	maligned
mall	mall
malleable	malleable
mallet	mallet
malnutrition	malnutrisi
malpractice	malpraktek
malt	malt
mama	biyung
mambo	mambo
mamma	NO TRANSLATION
mammal	mamalia
mammoth	mammoth
mammy	mammy
man	wong
manage	ngatur
manageable	bisa diatur
management	manajemen
manager	manajer
managerial	manajerial
mandamus	mandamus
mandarin	mandarin
mandate	mandate
mandatory	wajib
mandible	mandible
mandolin	mandolin
mandrel	mandrel
mane	NO TRANSLATION
maneuver	maneuver
maneuvering	maneuvering
mange	NO TRANSLATION
manger	manger
mangle	mangle
mango	mangga
mangosteen	manggis
mangy	mangy
manhole	manhole
manhood	manhood
manhunt	manhunt
mania	mania
maniac	maniac
maniacal	maniacal
manic	manik
manicure	manikur
manicurist	manicurist
manifest	catetan
manifestation	manifestation
manifested	dicethakaké
manifestly	nyata
manifesto	manifesto
manifold	pancen akeh
manipulate	ngolah
manipulation	manipulasi
manipulative	manipulative
mankind	manungsa
manly	manly
manna	manna
manned	manned
mannequin	mannequin
manner	cara
mannered	mannered
manners	tata krama
manor	manor
manpower	tenaga kerja
mansion	omah gedhong
mansions	mansions
manslaughter	manslaughter
mantel	mantel
mantis	mantis
mantle	mantel
mantra	mantra
manual	manual
manufacture	Pabrik
manufacturer	produsen
manufacturing	manufaktur
manure	manure
manuscript	manuskrip
map	peta
maple	maple
mar	mar
marathon	marathon
marble	marmer
marbled	marbled
marbles	gondhel
march	Maret
mare	NO TRANSLATION
margarine	margarine
margarita	margarita
margin	margin
marginal	marginal
mariachi	mariachi
marijuana	mariyuana
marinara	marinara
marine	marine
mariner	mariner
marital	perkawinan
maritime	maritim
mark	tandha
marked	ditandhani
marker	penanda
market	pasar
marketable	marketable
marketing	marketing
marketplace	pasar
marks	tandha
marksman	ahli sihir
marksmanship	marksmanship
marl	marl
marmalade	marmalade
maroon	maroon
marooned	marooned
marquee	marquee
marquis	marquis
marred	marred
marriage	perkawinan
married	nikah
marrow	sumsum
marry	omah-omah
marsh	rawa
marshal	marshal
marshmallow	marshmallow
mart	mart
martial	tukang perang
martingale	martingale
martini	martini
martyr	martir
martyrdom	kesahidan
marvel	gumun
marvellous	apik banget
marvelous	apik banget
marvelously	apik banget
marzipan	NO TRANSLATION
mascara	mascara
mascot	mascot
masculine	lanang
masculinity	maskulinitas
mash	mash
mashed	mashed
mask	topeng
masked	masked
masks	masker
masochism	masochism
masochist	masochist
mason	mason
masquerade	nyamar
mass	massa
massacre	pembantaian
massage	pijet
masses	massa
masseur	masseur
masseuse	masseuse
massive	massive
mast	mast
master	master
masterful	masterful
mastermind	mastermind
masterpiece	karya Agung
mastery	keprigelan
masturbate	masturbate
masturbation	masturbasi
mat	mat
matador	matador
match	cocog
matchbook	matchbook
matching	cocog
matchmaker	matchmaker
mate	mate
material	materi
materialism	materialisme
materialist	materialist
materialistic	materi
materiality	materialitas
materialize	materialize
materially	materially
materials	bahan
materiel	materiel
maternal	ibu
maternity	maternity
math	math
mathematical	matematika
mathematician	matématikawan
mathematics	matématika
matinee	matinee
mating	kawin
matriculation	matrikulasi
matrimony	matrimony
matrix	matriks
matron	matron
matted	matted
matter	prakara
matting	matting
mattress	kasur
maturation	maturasi
mature	diwasa
maturity	kadewasan
maudlin	maudlin
mausoleum	makam
mauve	mauve
maverick	maverick
maxim	maksimal
maximize	maksimalake
maximum	maksimal
may	bisa
mayday	mayday
mayflower	mayflower
mayhem	Mayhem
mayonnaise	mayonnaise
mayor	mayor
maze	maze
mead	mead
meadow	meadow
meager	kurang ajar
meal	mangan
mean	tegese
meander	meander
meandering	meandering
meanie	tegese
meaning	artine
meaningful	tegese
meaningless	ora ana guna
meanness	ngapusi
means	liya
meantime	samangke
measles	campak
measurable	bisa diukur
measure	langkah
measured	diukur
measurement	ukuran
measuring	ngukur
measuring cup	cup ukurane
measuring tape	ukuran tape
meat	daging
meatball	bakso
meathead	meathead
meatloaf	meatloaf
mechanic	mekanik
mechanical	mechanical
mechanics	mekanika
mechanism	mekanisme
med	NO TRANSLATION
medal	medal
medallion	medallion
medallist	medalist
meddle	meddle
meddling	meddling
media	media
medial	medial
median	median
mediate	mediate
mediation	mediasi
mediator	mediator
medic	obat
medical	medical
medicate	medicate
medication	obat
medicinal	medicinal
medicine	medicine
medieval	abad tengah
mediocre	mediocre
mediocrity	mediocrity
meditate	meditate
meditating	meditating
meditation	meditasi
meditative	meditative
mediterranean	mediterranean
medium	medium
medley	medley
meek	meek
meet	ketemu
meeting	rapat
mega	mega
meh	meh
melancholic	melancholic
melancholy	melancholy
melee	melee
mellow	mellow
melodious	melodious
melodrama	melodrama
melodramatic	melodramatic
melody	melodi
melon	melon
melt	nyawiji
meltdown	meltdown
melting	leleh
member	anggota
membership	anggota
membrane	membran
memento	memento
memo	memo
memoir	memoir
memorabilia	memorabilia
memorable	kenangan
memorandum	memorandum
memorial	Monumen
memorials	memorials
memories	kenangan
memoriesiwontforget	NO TRANSLATION
memorize	ngeling
memory	memori
menace	ngganggu
menacing	menacing
menagerie	menagerie
mend	mend
mending	mending
menial	kurang ajar
meningitis	meningitis
meniscus	meniskus
menopause	menopause
menses	menses
menstrual	menstruasi
mental	mental
mentalhealth	NO TRANSLATION
mentality	mentalitas
menthol	menthol
mention	disebutake
mentor	mentor
menu	menu
meow	meong
mercantile	dagang
mercenary	mercenary
merchandise	barang dagangan
merchant	merchant
merciful	welas asih
merciless	nuwun sewu
mercurial	kothak
mercury	merkuri
mercy	rahmat
mere	mung
merengue	merengue
merge	gabung
merger	penggabungan
meridian	meridian
meridional	meridional
meringue	meringue
merit	merit
meritorious	meritorious
mermaid	putri duyung
merriment	merriment
merry	nyenengake
merrychristmas	NO TRANSLATION
mesa	mesa
mescaline	mescaline
mesh	bolong
meshes	meshes
mesmerized	mesmerized
mess	kekacoan
message	pesen
messedup	NO TRANSLATION
messenger	utusan
messiah	mesias
messy	kotor
metabolic	metabolik
metabolism	metabolisme
metal	logam
metallic	metalik
metallurgy	metalurgi
metamorphosis	metamorfosis
metaphor	kiasan
metaphorical	metafora
metaphysical	metafisika
metaphysics	metafisika
metastasis	metastasis
meteor	meteor
meteoric	meteoric
meteorite	meteorit
meteorological	meteorologi
meteorology	meteorologi
meter	meter
meth	meth
methadone	methadone
methane	methane
methanol	methanol
method	cara
methodical	metodhe
methodology	metodologi
meticulous	teliti
metime	metime
metric	metrik
metrical	metrical
metrology	metrologi
metropolis	metropolis
metropolitan	metropolitan
mettle	mettle
mew	mew
mezzanine	mezzanine
mica	mika
mick	mick
micro	mikro
microbe	microbe
microbiology	mikrobiologi
microchip	microchip
microcosm	microcosm
microfilm	mikrofilm
microgram	microgram
micrometer	micrometer
micron	micron
microphone	mikropon
microscope	mikroskop
microscopic	mikroskopis
microscopically	mikroskopik
microscopy	mikroskopi
microwave	gelombang mikro
mid	agêng
midair	midair
midday	tengah wengi
middle	tengah
middleman	middleman
middleweight	menengah
midget	midget
midland	midland
midlife	midlife
midline	midline
midnight	tengah wengi
midshipman	midshipman
midst	Tengah
midsummer	midsummer
midterm	midterm
midtown	midtown
midway	midway
midwife	bidan
midwifery	midwifery
mien	NO TRANSLATION
miffed	miffed
mighty	kuwat
mignon	mignon
migraine	migren
migrate	pindhah
migration	migrasi
migratory	migratory
mike	mike
mil	NO TRANSLATION
mild	entheng
mildew	mildew
mildness	mildness
mile	mil
mileage	jarak tempuh
milestone	tonggak sejarah
militant	militant
militants	militants
military	militer
militia	militia
milk	susu
milkman	milkman
milkshake	milkshake
milky	milky
mill	Penggilingan
millennium	millennium
milligram	milligram
millimeter	milimeter
million	yuta
millionaire	millionaire
millionth	millionth
millstone	millstone
mime	mime
mimic	mimic
mimicking	mimicking
mimicry	mimicry
mince	mince
mincemeat	mincemeat
mind	pikiran
minded	minded
mindful	eling
mindfulness	mindfulness
mindless	mindless
mine	mine
minefield	minefield
miner	miner
mineral	Mineral
mineralogy	mineralogy
mingle	mingle
mingled	mingled
mini	mini
miniature	miniatur
minibus	minibus
minim	NO TRANSLATION
minimal	minimal
minimize	nyilikake
minimized	diminimalisir
minimum	minimal
mining	pertambangan
minion	minion
minister	menteri
ministerial	menteri
ministry	pelayanan
minivan	minivan
mink	mink
minnow	minnow
minor	suntingan
minority	minoritas
minstrel	minstrel
mint	mint
minty	minty
minuscule	minuscule
minute	menit
minutiae	minutiae
minx	minx
mir	NO TRANSLATION
miracle	Ajaib
miracles	kaelokan
miraculous	miraculous
mirage	mirage
mire	NO TRANSLATION
mirror	pangilon
mirth	mirth
misappropriation	misappropriation
misbehave	misbehave
misbehavior	misbehavior
miscalculation	miscalculation
miscarriage	keguguran
miscellaneous	macem-macem
miscellany	Liyane
mischief	piala
mischievous	mischievous
misconception	misconception
misconduct	salah
misdemeanor	misdemeanor
misdirection	misdirection
miser	miser
miserable	dakkirim
miserably	miserably
misery	kasangsaran
misfire	misfire
misfit	misfit
misfortune	misfortune
misguided	NO TRANSLATION
mishap	mishap
misinformed	misinformed
misinterpretation	misinterpretasi
mislead	mislead
misleading	nyasab
misled	misled
mismanagement	mismanagement
mismatch	ora cocog
mismatched	mismatched
misnomer	misnomer
misplace	misplace
misplaced	misplaced
misread	misread
misrepresent	misrepresent
misrepresentation	misrepresentation
misrepresented	misrepresented
miss	miss
missile	rudal
missiles	rudal
missing	ilang
missingyou	NO TRANSLATION
mission	karep
missionary	misionaris
misspell	misspell
misstatement	misstatement
missy	missy
mist	kabut
mistake	kesalahan
mistaken	mistaken
mister	mister
mistletoe	mistletoe
mistreated	mistreated
mistress	wanita simpanan
mistrial	mistrial
mistrust	mistrust
misty	misty
misunderstand	misunderstand
misunderstanding	kesalahpahaman
misunderstood	misunderstood
misuse	nyalahi panggunaan
mite	mite
miter	miter
mitigate	ngurangi
mitigating	mitigating
mitigation	mitigasi
mitt	mitt
mitten	NO TRANSLATION
mitzvah	mitzvah
mix	nyampur
mixed	dicampur
mixedemotions	mixedemotions
mixer	mixer
mixture	dicampur
mnemonic	mnemonic
moan	nyengir
moat	moat
mob	mob
mobile	seluler
mobility	mobilitas
mobilization	mobilisasi
mobilize	mobilize
mobster	mobster
mocha	mocha
mock	mock
mocked	mocked
mockery	ngguyu
mocking	mocking
mockingbird	mockingbird
mod	mod
modal	modal
modality	modality
mode	mode
model	model
modeler	modeler
modeling	modeling
modem	modem
moderate	Moderate
moderate anticipation	antisipasi nyuda
moderate disgust	Modhe pangertosan
moderate negative	Moderate negatif
moderate positive	Moderate positif
moderate surprise	kejutan moderat
moderate trust	kepercayaan moderat
moderately	cukup
moderating	moderate
moderation	moderasi
moderator	moderator
modern	modern
modernism	modernisme
modest	andhap asor
modesty	modesty
modicum	modicum
modifiable	modifiable
modification	modifikasi
modified	dimodifikasi
modify	ngowahi
modulate	modulate
modulation	modulasi
module	modul
modulus	modulus
mogul	mogul
moiety	moiety
moist	lembab
moisture	Kelembapan
moisturizer	moisturizer
molar	graham
molasses	molasses
mold	cetakan
molded	nyetak
molding	nyetak
moldy	moldy
mole	mole
molecular	molekul
molecule	molekul
molest	ngganggu
molestation	molestation
molester	molester
molten	molten
mom	ibu
moment	wektu
momentary	momentary
momentous	penting banget
momentum	momentum
momma	momma
mommy	mommy
monad	monad
monarch	raja
monarchy	monarki
monastery	biara
monastic	monastik
monetary	babakan dhuwit
money	dhuwit
mongoloid	mongoloid
mongoose	mongoose
mongrel	monggo
monitor	ngawasi
monk	monk
monkey	kethèk
mono	NO TRANSLATION
monochrome	monochrome
monogamous	monogamous
monogamy	monogami
monogram	monogram
monogrammed	monogrammed
monograph	monograph
monolayer	monolayer
monolith	monolith
monologue	monologue
monopolist	monopolist
monopoly	monopoli
monotonous	monoton
monotony	monoton
monoxide	monoxide
monsieur	monsieur
monsoon	muson
monster	monster
monstrosity	monstrosity
monstrous	monstrous
montage	montage
monte	monte
month	sasi
monthly	saben wulan
monument	Tugu
monumental	monumental
moo	moo
mooch	mooch
mood	swasana ati
moods	ati
moody	moody
moon	bulan
moonbeam	wulanbeam
moonlight	moonlight
moonlit	moonlit
moonshine	moonshine
moonstruck	moonstruck
moonwalk	moonwalk
moor	moor
moored	moored
mooring	mooring
moorings	moorings
moorland	moorland
moose	moose
moot	moot
mooted	diketik
mop	ngepel
mope	mope
moped	moped
moral	moral
morale	moral
morality	moralitas
morals	moral
morass	inggil
moratorium	moratorium
moray	moray
morbid	morbid
morbidity	morbidity
morbidness	morbidness
mores	mores
morgue	morgue
moribund	moribund
morn	morn
morning	enjing
moron	moron
moronic	moronic
morose	morose
morph	morph
morphine	morfin
morphism	morphism
morphology	morfologi
morrow	Esuke
morsel	morsel
mortal	mati
mortality	kematian
mortar	mortir
mortgage	hipotek
mortgagee	tukang kredit
mortgagor	utang
mortician	mortalitas
mortification	nyenyet
mortified	mamang
mortuary	mortuary
mosaic	mozaik
mosey	mosey
mosque	masjid
mosquito	nyamuk
moss	lumut
mossy	mossy
mote	NO TRANSLATION
motel	motel
moth	moth
mother	ibu
motherfucker	ibu-ibu
motherfucking	motherfucking
motherhood	ibu
motherland	motherland
motherless	ibu
motherly	ibu
motif	motif
motion	gerakan
motionless	motionless
motivate	motivasi
motivating	motivasi
motivation	motivasi
motivational	motivasi
motive	motif
motley	motley
motor	motor
motorbike	motorbike
motorboat	motorboat
motorcade	motorcade
motorcar	motorcar
motorcycle	motor
motorist	motorist
motte	motte
mottled	mottled
motto	motto
mould	cetakan
mound	gundhul
mount	Gunung
mountain	gunung
mountaineer	gunung
mountainous	pegunungan
mountains	gunung
mountaintop	puncak gunung
mourn	nangis
mournful	sedhih banget
mourning	nangis
mouse	mouse
mousetrap	mousetrap
mousse	mousse
moustache	kumis
mousy	mousy
mouth	cangkeme
mouthful	mouthful
mouthpiece	mouthpiece
mouthwash	mouthwash
movable	movable
move	pindhah
movement	gerakan
mover	penggerak
movie	film
movies	film
moving	pindah
movingforward	NO TRANSLATION
movingon	movingon
mow	mow
mower	pemotong
moxie	moxie
mozzarella	mozzarella
mri	mri
muchneeded	NO TRANSLATION
mucis	NO TRANSLATION
muck	muck
mucked	mucked
mucous	mucous
mucus	mucus
mud	lendhut
muddle	muddle
muddled	muddled
muddy	muddy
muff	muff
muffin	muffin
muffled	muffled
muffler	muffler
mug	mug
mugger	mugger
mulberry	mulberry
mulch	mulch
mule	mule
mull	mull
mullet	mullet
multilateral	multilateral
multimedia	multimedia
multinational	multinasional
multiple	macem-macem
multiple sclerosis	sawetara sclerosis
multiplex	multiplex
multiplication	multiplikasi
multiplicity	multiplicity
multiplied	tambah akeh
multiplier	multiplier
multiply	Multiply
multitude	akeh
mum	mbok
mumble	mumble
mumbo	mumbo
mummy	mummy
mumps	mumps
munch	munch
munchies	munchies
munchkin	munchkin
mundane	mundane
municipal	municipal
municipality	kotamadya
mural	mural
murder	mateni
murderer	tukang mateni
murderess	wong lanang
murderous	murderous
murky	murky
murmur	murmur
muscle	otot
muscular	otot
muse	muse
muses	muses
museum	museum
mush	NO TRANSLATION
mushroom	jamur
mushy	mushy
music	musik
musical	musik
musician	musisi
musing	musing
musk	musk
musket	musket
musketeer	musketeer
muskrat	muskrat
muslin	muslin
muss	NO TRANSLATION
must	kudu
mustang	mustang
mustard	mustard
muster	nggoleki
musty	panci
mutable	mutable
mutant	mutant
mutate	mutasi
mutation	mutasi
mute	bisu
muted	nyenyet
mutilate	mutilate
mutilated	mutilated
mutilation	mutilasi
mutiny	mutiny
mutt	mutt
mutter	NO TRANSLATION
mutton	mutton
mutual	bebarengan
mutually	bebarengan
muzzle	muzzle
myfavorite	myfavorite
myopia	myopia
myopic	myopic
myriad	akeh
mysterious	misterius
mystery	misteri
mystic	mistik
mystical	mistik
mysticism	mistik
mystified	maling
mystique	mystique
myth	mitos
mythic	mythic
mythical	mitos
mythological	mitologi
mythology	mitologi
nab	nab
nacho	nacho
nada	NO TRANSLATION
nadir	nadir
nag	NO TRANSLATION
nail	kuku
nail gun	pistol kuku
naive	naif
naked	wuda
nakedness	nakedness
namaste	NO TRANSLATION
name	jeneng
named	jenenge
nameless	Ora dingerteni
namesake	namesake
naming	Jeneng
nana	nana
nanny	nanny
nanometer	nanometer
nap	turu
napalm	napalm
nape	nape
napkin	napkin
napping	napping
nappy	nappy
narcissism	narcissism
narcissist	narcissist
narcissistic	narcissistic
narcotic	narkotika
narrate	narrate
narration	narasi
narrative	narasi
narrator	narrator
narrow	panah
narrowing	narrowing
nasal	nasal
nascent	nascent
nasty	nesu
natal	natal
nation	bangsa
national	nasional
nationality	kewarganegaraan
nationwide	nasional
native	native
nativity	nativity
natural	alam
natural gas	gas alam
naturalist	naturalis
naturalization	naturalization
naturalized	naturalized
naturally	alami
nature	alam
naught	boten
naughty	nakal
nausea	mual
nauseate	nauseate
nauseating	nauseating
nauseous	nauseous
nautical	nautical
nautilus	nautilus
naval	angkatan laut
nave	nave
navel	navel
navigable	bisa dilayari
navigate	navigasi
navigation	pandhu arah
navigational	navigasi
navigator	navigator
navy	angkatan laut
nay	NO TRANSLATION
nearsighted	nearsighted
neat	apik
neatly	neatly
nebula	nebula
nebulae	nebulae
nebulous	nebulous
necessarily	kudu
necessary	perlu
necessitate	ngirim
necessities	kabutuhan
necessity	kabutuhan
neck	gulu
necklace	kalung
necktie	dasi
necromancer	necromancer
necrosis	nekrosis
nectar	nektar
need	perlu
needalife	NO TRANSLATION
needed	needed
needful	butuh
needit	NO TRANSLATION
needle	jarum
needlepoint	needlepoint
needles	jarum
needless	ora perlu
needtoknow	needtoknow
needtorelax	NO TRANSLATION
needy	butuh
nefarious	nefarious
negation	negasi
negative	negatif
negativity	negativity
neglect	nglirwakake
neglected	diabaikan
neglecting	nglirwakake
negligee	negligee
negligence	kelalaian
negligent	negligent
negligently	NO TRANSLATION
negligible	dijaluk
negotiable	negotiable
negotiate	rembugan
negotiation	rembugan
negotiator	negosiator
negro	negro
neigh	jebule
neighbor	pepadhamu
neighborhood	lingkungan
neighboring	tanggané
nemesis	nemesis
neon	neon
neonatal	neonatal
neophyte	neophyte
neoprene	neoprene
nephew	keponakan
nepotism	nepotisme
nerd	nerd
nerdy	nerdy
nerve	saraf
nerves	saraf
nervous	gemeter
nervousness	nervousness
nervouswreck	NO TRANSLATION
nervy	NO TRANSLATION
ness	nesu
nest	sarang
nestle	nestle
nestling	nestling
net	net
nether	nether
netting	netting
nettle	nettle
network	jaringan
networking	jaringan
neural	neural
neuralgia	neuralgia
neurological	neurologis
neurologist	neurologist
neurology	neurologi
neurosis	neurosis
neurosurgeon	neurosurgeon
neurosurgery	neurosurgery
neurotic	neurotic
neuter	neuter
neutral	netral
neutrality	netralitas
neutralize	netralake
neutron	neutron
new	anyar
new age	umur anyar
newbeginnings	NO TRANSLATION
newborn	bayi
newcomer	newcomer
newday	anyar
newfound	newfound
newjob	NO TRANSLATION
newlife	panguripan anyar
newly	mentas maneh
newlywed	mentas wae
newme	newme
newness	anyar
news	kabar
newscast	newscast
newscaster	newscaster
newsflash	kabar
newsletter	newsletter
newsman	newsman
newspaper	koran
newspaperman	pengarang
newsreel	newsreel
newsroom	newsroom
newsstand	Warta
newstart	newstart
newt	anyar
newyear	NO TRANSLATION
nexus	nexus
nib	nib
nibble	nibble
nice	becik
niche	niche
nichts	NO TRANSLATION
nick	nick
nickel	nikel
nickname	julukan
nicotine	nikotin
niece	keponakan
nifty	apik
nigger	nigger
nigh	cedhak
night	wengi
nightcap	ngantuk
nightclub	klub wengi
nightfall	wengi
nightgown	nightgown
nightie	nightie
nightingale	nightingale
nightlife	nightlife
nightly	nightly
nightmare	ngipi elek
nightmares	ngimpi
nightstand	nightstand
nightstick	nightstick
nighttime	wengi
nihilism	nihilism
nil	nil
nimble	nimble
nimrod	nimrod
nincompoop	nincompoop
nine	sangang
nineteen	sangalas
ninety	sangang puluh
ninja	ninja
ninny	ninny
nintendo	nintendo
ninth	sange
nip	nip
nipper	nipper
nipple	nipple
nippy	nippy
nitrate	nitrat
nitro	nitro
nitrogen	nitrogen
nitrous	nitrous
nitwit	Nitwit
nix	nix
no anticipation	ora antisipasi
no disgust	ora kudhuhe
no emotion	ora emosi
no sentiment	ora ana sentimen
no surprise	ora ana surprise
no trust	ora percaya
nobility	bangsawan
noble	bangsawan
nobleman	bangsawan
nobodycares	NO TRANSLATION
nocomplaints	NO TRANSLATION
nocturnal	nocturnal
nod	nod
nodding	nodding
node	simpul
nodular	nodular
nodule	nodule
noggin	noggin
nohope	NO TRANSLATION
noir	noir
noise	gangguan
noisy	rame
nomad	nomad
nomadic	nomad
nomenclature	nomenklatur
nominal	nominal
nominate	nyalonake
nomination	nominasi
nominee	Nominee
nonce	nonce
nonchalant	nonchalant
noncompliance	noncompliance
nondescript	nondescript
nonexistent	nonexistent
nonfat	nonfat
nonfiction	nonfiksi
nonpayment	nonpayment
nonresident	nonresident
nonsense	omongan kosong
nonsensical	nonsensical
nonviolent	nonviolent
noob	noob
noodle	mie
nook	nook
noon	noon
noose	noose
nopoint	NO TRANSLATION
noregrets	NO TRANSLATION
norm	Unggah ungguh
normal	normal
normalcy	normalcy
normality	normalitas
north	lor
northbound	northbound
northeast	wetan
northern	lor
northwest	sisih kulon
northwestern	Kulon
noschool	NO TRANSLATION
nose	irung
nosebleed	nosebleed
nosey	nosy
nosnow	nosnow
nostalgia	nostalgia
nostalgic	nostalgia
nostress	NO TRANSLATION
nostril	nostril
nosun	NO TRANSLATION
nosy	nosy
not negative	ora negatif
not positive	ora positif
notable	kacathet
notables	lumayan
notably	notabene
notamorningperson	NO TRANSLATION
notary	notaris
notation	notasi
notch	bingung
notched	notched
note	cathetan
notebook	notebook
noted	nyathet
noteworthy	ngremenaken
nothappy	NO TRANSLATION
nothingbetter	NO TRANSLATION
nothingness	boten wonten
notice	kabar
noticeable	nyatane
notification	kabar
notify	ngabari
notion	pamanggih
notional	notional
notoriety	jenenge
notorious	jahat
notready	ora ana
notwithstanding	sanadyan
nought	boten
noun	tembung
nourish	nyenengake
nourishment	nikmat
nouveau	NO TRANSLATION
novel	novel
novelist	novelist
novelty	anyar
novice	wong anyar
nowadays	saiki
nowork	saiki
noworries	saiki
noxious	cacat
nozzle	nozzle
nuance	nuansa
nuances	nuances
nuclear	nuklir
nucleus	inti
nude	nude
nudge	nudge
nudie	nudie
nudist	nudist
nudity	nudity
nugget	nugget
nuisance	nuisance
nuke	nuke
nul	NO TRANSLATION
null	null
nullify	nullify
numb	numb
number	nomer
numbering	Nomer
numbers	nomer
numbness	numbness
numbskull	numbskull
numeral	angka
numerator	numerator
numerical	angka
numerically	sacara numerik
numerous	akeh
nun	NO TRANSLATION
nunchucks	nunchucks
nunnery	nunnery
nuptials	nuptials
nurse	perawat
nursemaid	nursemaid
nursery	nursery
nursing	nursing
nurture	nurture
nut	kacang
nutcase	nutcase
nutcracker	nutcracker
nuthouse	nuthouse
nutmeg	nutmeg
nutrition	nutrisi
nutritional	nutrisi
nutritious	nutritious
nutritive	nutritif
nuts	kacang
nutshell	nutshell
nutty	nutty
nylon	nilon
nylong	NO TRANSLATION
nylons	nylons
nymph	nymph
nymphomaniac	nymphomaniac
oaf	oaf
oak	oak
oar	oar
oasis	oasis
oat	oat
oath	sumpah
oatmeal	oatmeal
obedience	ketaatan
obedient	obedient
obediently	manut
obelisk	obelisk
obese	obese
obesity	obesitas
obey	ngrungokake
obi	obi
obit	obit
obituary	obituary
object	obyek
objection	kabotan
objectionable	objectionable
objective	adil
objectivity	obyektif
obligation	kewajiban
obligatory	wajib
oblige	ngajeni
obliged	diwajibake
obliging	ngawasi
obligor	obligor
oblique	oblique
obliterate	mungkasi
obliterated	dibusak
obliteration	pamungkas
oblivion	loma
oblivious	ora bisa
oblong	oblong
obnoxious	obnoxious
oboe	oboe
obscene	saru
obscenity	obscenity
obscure	ora jelas
obscured	obscured
obscurity	obscurity
observance	observasi
observant	observant
observation	pengamatan
observatory	observatorium
observe	mirsani
observer	pengamat
observing	ngawasi
obsess	obsess
obsessed	obsessed
obsessing	obsessing
obsession	obsesi
obsessive	obsessive
obsolescence	obsolesen
obsolete	lungse
obstacle	alangan
obstetrician	obstetri
obstetrics	kebranan
obstinate	obstinate
obstruct	obah
obstruction	alangan
obstructive	obstructive
obtain	entuk
obtainable	bisa ditemokake
obtuse	obtuse
obverse	obah
obvious	cetho
ocarina	ocarina
occasion	wusana
occasional	occasional
occasionally	sok-sok
occipital	occipital
occlusion	occlusion
occult	gaib
occupancy	panggonan
occupant	manggoni
occupation	pendhudhukan
occupational	pekerjaan
occupied	dikuwasani
occupier	manggon
occupy	manggoni
occupying	manggoni
occur	kedadeyan
occurrence	kedadeyan
ocd	ocd
ocean	segara
oceanic	oceanic
octagon	octagon
octave	octave
octopus	gurita
ocular	ocular
odd	Ganjil
oddball	oddball
oddity	oddity
odds	kemungkinan
ode	ode
odious	odious
odometer	odometer
odor	ambu
odyssey	odyssey
oedipal	oedipal
oestrogen	estrogen
oeuvre	NO TRANSLATION
offal	offal
offence	pelanggaran
offend	nyalahke
offended	gelisah
offender	pelanggaran
offense	pelanggaran
offensive	nyerang
offer	tawaran
offered	ditawakake
offering	kurban
offhand	sakdurunge
office	kantor
officer	pejabat
offices	kantor
official	resmi
officiate	resmi
offing	offing
offload	offload
offset	nutupi
offshoot	offshoot
offshore	Tengah segoro
offside	offside
offspring	turunan
oft	akeh
oftentimes	sering
ogre	lane
ohdear	NO TRANSLATION
ohgod	NO TRANSLATION
ohno	ohno
ohshit	NO TRANSLATION
oil	lenga
oils	lenga
oily	lengo
oink	oink
ointment	ointment
okra	okra
old	lawas
olden	lawas
older	luwih tuwa
oldie	oldie
oldies	oldies
olfactory	olfactory
oligarchy	oligarki
olive	zaitun
omega	Omega
omelet	omelet
omen	omen
omgomgomg	NO TRANSLATION
ominous	ominous
omission	omission
omit	omit
omitted	dilirwakaké
omnibus	omnibus
omnipotence	omnipotence
omnipotent	omnipotent
omnipresent	omnipresent
omniscient	omniscient
onboard	onboard
oncologist	oncologist
oncology	oncology
oncoming	Mlebu
one	siji
oneday	NO TRANSLATION
onedge	onedge
onelove	onelove
oneness	oneness
onerous	onerous
oneself	awak dhewe
ongoing	aktif
onion	bawang bombay
onset	serangan
onslaught	onslaught
onstage	onstage
ontology	ontologi
onus	ons
onward	terus
onyx	onyx
oodles	oodles
oomph	oomph
ooze	Mbah
oozing	oozing
op	op
opacity	opacity
opal	opal
opaque	opaque
ope	ope
open	mbukak
opener	pambuka
opening	mbukak
openly	kanthi terang
openness	keterbukaan
opera	opera
operate	operate
operatic	operatic
operation	operasi
operational	operasional
operations	operasi
operative	penggaweyan
operator	operator
ophthalmic	ophthalmic
ophthalmologist	ophthalmologist
opiate	opiate
opinion	pendapat
opinionated	mikiraken
opium	opium
opponent	mungsuh
opportune	opportune
opportunism	opportunism
opportunity	kesempatan
oppose	nglawan
opposed	nentang
opposing	nentang
opposite	ngelawan
opposites	opposites
opposition	oposisi
oppress	nindakake oppress
oppressed	ditindhes
oppression	oppression
oppressive	oppressive
oppressor	oppressor
ops	ops
opt	milih
optic	optik
optical	optik
optics	optik
optimism	optimis
optimist	optimistis
optimistic	optimistis
optimum	paling apik
option	pilihan
optional	pilihan
optionally	Opsional
options	opsi
optometrist	optometris
opulence	opulence
opulent	opulent
opus	opus
oracle	oracle
oral	lisan
orange	orange
orange juice	jus jeruk
orangutan	Orangutan
oration	oration
orator	orator
oratory	pidato
orb	orb
orbit	orbit
orbital	orbit
orbiting	orbiting
orbs	orbs
orc	orc
orchard	kebun
orchestra	orkestra
orchid	anggrek
ordained	ditetepake
ordeal	ordeal
order	urutan
orderly	tertib
ordinance	aturan
ordinary	biasa
ordination	pentahbisan
ordnance	ordnance
ore	ore
oregano	oregano
organ	organ
organic	Organic
organism	organisme
organist	organisme
organization	organisasi
organize	ngatur
organized	diatur
organizer	organizer
orgasm	orgasme
orgies	orgies
orgy	penthil
orient	orientasi
oriental	oriental
orientation	orientasi
orifice	orifice
origami	origami
origin	asal
original	asli
originality	asli
originate	asal
origination	origination
originator	originator
ornament	hiasan
ornamental	ornamental
ornamentation	ornamen
ornamented	ornamented
ornate	ornate
ornery	ornery
orphan	yatim piatu
orphanage	panti asuhan
orphaned	yatim piatu
orthodontist	orthodontist
orthodox	Orthodox
orthodoxy	orthodoxy
orthogonal	orthogonal
orthopedic	orthopedic
oscillate	oscillate
oscillating	oscillating
oscillation	oscillation
oscillatory	oscillatory
ostensible	ostensible
ostensibly	mesthine
ostentatious	ostentatious
ostracized	ostracized
ostrich	ostrich
other	liyane
otter	Liyane
otto	otto
ottoman	ottoman
ought	mesthine
ounce	ons
oust	ngilangi
outage	outage
outback	njaba
outbid	njlentrehake
outboard	outboard
outbreak	wabah
outburst	njeblug
outcast	metu
outcome	kasil
outcry	outcry
outdated	langka
outdo	njlentrehake
outdoor	outdoor
outdoors	njobo
outer	njaba
outfit	rasukan rasukan
outgoing	metu
outgrow	outgrow
outgrowth	outgrowth
outhouse	outhouse
outing	outing
outlandish	outlandish
outlast	nglampahi
outlaw	nglampahi
outlet	outlet
outline	njlentrehake
outlines	njlentrehake
outlive	outlive
outlook	prospek
outlying	njlajah
outnumber	outnumber
outpatient	rawat omah
outpost	outpost
outpouring	njeblug
output	output
outrage	njobo
outraged	nyerang
outrageous	ngguyu
outrank	outrank
outreach	jangkep
outright	outright
outrun	outrun
outset	wiwit
outsider	outsider
outskirts	pinggiran
outsmart	outsmart
outspoken	outspoken
outstanding	pinunjul
outstretched	outstretched
outward	metu
outwards	metu
outweigh	kabotan
outwit	ngalahake
oval	oval
ovary	ovary
ovate	ovate
ovation	ovation
oven	oven
overactive	overactive
overall	sakabèhé
overalls	overalls
overbearing	overbearing
overburden	overburden
overcast	mendem
overcharged	overcharged
overcoat	mantel
overcome	ngatasi
overcoming	ngatasi
overcrowded	overcrowded
overdo	overdo
overdose	overdosis
overdrive	overdrive
overdue	overdue
overestimate	overestimate
overestimated	overestimated
overflow	kebanjiran
overflowing	overflowing
overgrown	overgrown
overgrowth	overgrowth
overhanging	overhanging
overhaul	mrikso
overhead	overhead
overhear	overhear
overheated	overheated
overjoyed	seneng banget
overkill	overkill
overlaid	overlaid
overlap	tumpang tindih
overlapping	tumpang tindih
overlay	numpuk
overload	kakehan
overlook	overlook
overlord	overlord
overlying	overlying
overpaid	overpaid
overpass	ngluwihi
overplayed	overplayed
overpower	ngalahake
overpowering	overpowering
overpriced	overpriced
overprotective	overprotective
overrated	overrated
overreact	overreact
override	ngganggu
overriding	overriding
overrule	overrule
overrun	overrun
oversee	ngawasi
overseer	pengawas
overshadow	ngalahake
oversight	pengawasan
oversized	gedhe banget
overslept	overslept
overstate	overstate
overstock	ngluwihi
overt	overt
overtake	nyusul
overtaken	overtaken
overthemoon	NO TRANSLATION
overthinker	overthinker
overthinking	overthinking
overthrow	nggulingake
overtime	lembur
overtired	overtired
overture	overture
overturn	overturn
overview	Ringkesan
overweight	kabotan
overwhelm	nyebar
overwhelmed	kepengin banget
overwhelming	akeh banget
overworked	overworked
overwrought	overwrought
overzealous	overzealous
owe	utang
owing	utang
owl	owl
owner	pemilik
ownership	kepemilikan
ox	sapi
oxidation	oksidasi
oxide	oksida
oxygen	oksigen
oxymoron	oxymoron
oyster	kerang
ozone	ozon
pace	jangkah
pacemaker	pacemaker
pacific	pacific
pacified	pacify
pacifier	pacifier
pacifist	pacifist
pacify	nyemangati
pacing	pacing
pack	paket
package	paket
packaging	packaging
packer	packer
packet	paket
pact	pakta
pad	pad
padded	lengen
padding	padding
paddle	paddle
paddle boat	paddle boat
paddock	paddock
paddy	paddy
padlock	gembok
padre	NO TRANSLATION
paean	paean
pagan	pagan
paganism	paganism
page	kaca
pageant	pageant
pager	pager
pagination	pagination
paging	paging
pagoda	pagoda
pail	pail
pain	pain
pained	pained
painful	nyenyet
painfully	painfully
painkiller	painkiller
painless	tanpa rasa sakit
pains	sakit
painstaking	painstaking
paint	Paint
paintball	paintball
paintbrush	paintbrush
painted	dicet
painter	pelukis
painting	lukisan
pair	pasangan
paisley	paisley
pajama	pajama
pajamas	piyama
pal	pal
palace	istana
palatable	palatable
palate	palate
pale	pucet
paleontology	paleontologi
palette	palette
pall	pall
palladium	palladium
pallet	pallet
palliative	paliatif
palm	sawit
palmer	palmer
palomino	palomino
palpable	palpable
palpitations	palpitations
palsy	palsy
paltry	gampang
pamper	pamper
pamphlet	pamphlet
pan	telusur
panacea	panacea
panache	panache
pancake	pancake
pancakes	pancake
pancreas	pancreas
panda	panda
pandemic	pandemi
pandemonium	pandemonium
pane	panel
panel	panel
pang	NO TRANSLATION
panhandle	panhandle
panic	panik
panicattack	NO TRANSLATION
panicked	panicked
panicking	panicking
panicky	panicky
panier	NO TRANSLATION
panorama	panorama
panoramic	panorama
pansy	pansy
pant	pant
pantheon	pantheon
panther	panther
panties	panties
pantomime	pantomime
pantry	pantry
pants	celana
panty	panty
pantyhose	pantyhose
pap	pap
papa	papa
papacy	kepausan
papal	NO TRANSLATION
papaya	papaya
paper	kertas
paperback	paperback
paperboy	paperboy
paperweight	paperweight
paperwork	dokumen
paprika	paprika
papyrus	papyrus
par	NO TRANSLATION
parable	pasemon
parabola	parabola
parabolic	parabolic
parachute	parachute
parade	arakan
paradigm	paradigma
paradise	swarga
paradox	paradoks
paradoxical	paradoxical
paraffin	paraffin
paragon	paragon
paragraph	paragraf
parakeet	parakeet
paralegal	paralegal
parallax	parallax
parallel	podo karo
parallelism	parallelism
paralysis	paralysis
paralyze	nglumpukake
paralyzed	lumpuh
paramedic	paramedic
paramedics	paramedics
paramilitary	paramilitary
paramount	paling penting
paranoia	paranoia
paranoid	paranoid
paranormal	paranormal
parapet	parapet
paraphernalia	paraphernalia
paraphrase	paraphrase
paraplegic	paraplegic
parasite	parasit
parasitic	parasitic
parasol	parasol
parcel	bungkus
parcels	parcels
parched	garing
parchment	parchment
pardon	ngapura
pare	NO TRANSLATION
parenchyma	parenchyma
parent	wong tuwa
parentage	parentage
parental	parental
parenthesis	NO TRANSLATION
parenthetical	ngguyu
parenthood	mbesuk
parenting	parenting
pariah	pariah
parietal	parietal
paring	nggoleki
parish	paroki
parity	keseimbangn
park	taman
parka	parka
parking	parkir
parkinsons	parkinsons
parlance	parlance
parlay	ngguyu
parliament	parlemen
parliamentary	parlemen
parlor	parlor
parmesan	parmesan
parody	parodi
parole	parole
parquet	parket
parrot	Betik
parry	parry
parse	parse
parsimonious	parsimonious
parsimony	parsimony
parsley	parsley
parson	parson
part	bagean
partake	partake
partial	sebagean
partiality	partiality
partially	sebagian
participant	peserta
participate	melu
participation	partisipasi
particle	partikel
particular	tartamtu
particularity	particularitas
particulars	kasunyatan
parting	parting
partisan	partisan
partisanship	partisanship
partition	partisi
partly	sebagean
partner	partner
partnership	kemitraan
partridge	partridge
parts	bagean
party	pesta
pas	NO TRANSLATION
pass	pass
passable	passable
passage	wacana
passageway	passageway
passe	NO TRANSLATION
passenger	penumpang
passim	NO TRANSLATION
passing	maringaken
passion	semangat
passionate	hasrat
passive	pasif
passivity	pasif
passkey	passkey
passport	paspor
password	sandi
past	Mbiyen
pasta	pasta
paste	tempel
pastel	pastel
pastime	pastime
pastor	pastor
pastrami	pastrami
pastry	pastry
pasture	pastur
pasty	pasty
pat	pat
patch	tembelan
patchwork	patchwork
pate	pate
patella	patela
patent	paten
patented	paten
paternal	paternal
paternity	paternity
path	path
pathetic	nyenengake
pathological	pathologi
pathologist	pathologist
pathology	patologi
pathos	NO TRANSLATION
pathway	pathway
patience	sabar
patient	sabar
patio	teras
patriarch	patriarch
patriarchal	patriarchal
patrimony	wewenang
patriot	patriot
patriotic	patriotik
patriotism	patriotisme
patrol	patroli
patrolman	patroli
patron	patron
patronage	patronage
patronising	patronizing
patronize	patronize
patronizing	patronizing
patter	nesu
pattern	pola
paucity	paucity
pauper	pauper
pause	ngaso
pave	pave
pavement	dalan pinggiran
pavilion	paviliun
paving	paving
paw	paw
pawn	pawn
pawnshop	pawnshop
pax	pax
pay	mbayar
payable	payable
payback	payback
paycheck	paycheck
payday	payday
payer	payer
payload	payload
payment	pembayaran
payoff	payoff
payout	payout
payphone	payphone
payroll	payroll
pea	kacang
peace	tentrem
peaceable	tentrem
peaceful	tentrem
peacefully	tentrem
peacekeeper	peacekeeper
peaceofmind	NO TRANSLATION
peacetime	peacetime
peach	peach
peachy	peachy
peacock	merak
peak	puncak
peaked	muncak
peanut	kacang
peanuts	peanuts
pear	pear
pearl	mutiara
pearly	pearly
peas	Kacang polong
peasant	petani
peat	peat
pebble	pebble
pecan	pecah
peck	peck
pecker	pecker
peculiar	aneh
peculiarities	peculiarities
peculiarity	peculiaritas
peculiarly	peculiarly
pecuniary	dhuwit
pedal	pedal
pedantic	pedantic
peddle	ngedol
peddler	peddler
pedestal	pedestal
pedestrian	pedestrian
pediatric	pediatric
pediatrician	pediatrician
pediatrics	pediatrik
pedicure	pedicure
pedigree	pedigree
pedometer	pedometer
pedophile	pedophile
pee	pee
peek	nggoleki
peekaboo	peekaboo
peel	kulit
peep	nggoleki
peeper	peeper
peephole	pejah
peer	peer
peering	peering
peerless	peerless
peeved	peeved
peg	pancing
pegs	pegs
peice	NO TRANSLATION
pelagic	pelagic
pelican	pelikan
pellet	pellet
pelvic	pelvis
pelvis	pelvis
pen	pen
penal	penal
penalty	paukuman
penance	penance
penchant	penchant
pencil	pensil
pendant	gantungan kunci
pendency	pendency
pendent	NO TRANSLATION
pending	pending
pendulum	pendulum
penetrate	nembus
penetrating	penetrating
penetration	penetrasi
penguin	penguin
penicillin	penisilin
penile	penile
peninsula	peninsula
penis	penis
penitent	penitent
penitentiary	penitentiary
penmanship	penulisan
pennant	pennant
penniless	penniless
penny	Penny
pension	pensiun
pensioner	pensiun
pensive	pensive
pentagon	pentagon
pentagram	pentagram
penthouse	penthouse
penultimate	penultimate
people	wong
peopled	peopled
pep	pep
pepper	mrico
peppermint	peppermint
pepperoni	pepperoni
peppy	peppy
peptic	peptik
peptide	peptida
perceive	ndelok
percent	persen
percentage	persentase
percentile	persentase
perceptible	kepenak
perception	pangerten
perceptive	perceptive
perch	perch
perchance	kepiye?
percolation	percolation
percussion	perkusi
perdition	perdition
peremptory	peremptory
perennial	perennial
perfect	sempurno
perfection	kesempurnaan
perfectionist	perfeksionis
perfecto	NO TRANSLATION
perforated	perforated
perforation	perforation
perforce	perforce
perform	nindakake
performance	kinerja
performer	pemain
perfume	parfum
perfumed	perfumed
peri	peri
peridot	peridot
peril	peril
perilous	perilous
perimeter	perimeter
period	periode
periodic	periodik
periodical	periodik
periodically	periodik
periodicity	periodicity
peripheral	pinggiran
periphery	periphery
periscope	periscope
perish	sirna
perishable	perishable
perished	mati
perishing	perishing
perjury	perjury
perk	perk
perky	perky
perm	perm
permanence	permanèn
permanent	permanen
permeable	permeable
permeate	permeate
permeation	permeation
permissible	permissible
permission	ijin
permissive	permissive
permit	ijin
permitted	dileksanakake
permitting	ngidini
permutation	permutasi
pernicious	pernicious
peroxide	peroksida
perpendicular	jejeg
perpetrate	nindakake
perpetrator	pelaku
perpetual	terus-terusan
perpetually	terus-terusan
perpetuate	terus-terusan
perpetuation	terus-terusan
perpetuity	terus-terusan
perplexed	bingung
perplexing	bingung
perplexity	bingung
persecute	nyiksa
persecution	buron
perseverance	ketekunan
persevere	sabar
persist	tahan
persistence	terus-terusan
persistent	terus-terusan
persisting	terus-terusan
person	wong
persona	NO TRANSLATION
personable	kepriben
personage	personage
personal	pribadi
personality	pribadine
personification	personifikasi
personnel	personil
persons	wong
perspective	perspektif
perspiration	pèrèng
persuade	nyuwun pangapunten
persuasion	persuasion
persuasive	persuasive
pert	saben taun
pertinent	sing penting
perturbation	gangguan
pertussis	pertussis
perusal	perusal
peruse	peruse
pervading	pervading
perverse	perverse
perversion	perversion
pervert	pervert
perverted	perverted
pesky	pesky
pessimism	pessimism
pessimist	pesimis
pessimistic	pesimis
pest	pest
pester	pester
pestilence	pestilence
pestle	pestle
pesto	pesto
pet	pet
petal	petal
petite	cilik
petition	petisi
petitioner	petisi
petloss	NO TRANSLATION
petpeeve	NO TRANSLATION
petrified	petrified
petrify	petrify
petrol	bensin
petroleum	petroleum
petticoat	petticoat
petting	petting
petty	cilik
petulant	petulant
petunia	petunia
pew	pew
pewter	pewter
peyote	NO TRANSLATION
phalanx	phalanx
phantom	phantom
pharaoh	firaun
pharmaceutical	pharmaceutical
pharmacist	apoteker
pharmacology	farmakologi
pharmacy	farmasi
phase	urutane
pheasant	pheasant
phenomenal	fenomenal
phenomenon	kedadeyan
pheromone	pheromone
phew	phew
phi	phi
philanthropic	philanthropic
philanthropist	philanthropist
philanthropy	philanthropy
philistine	philistine
philosopher	filsuf
philosophic	filsafat
philosophical	filsafat
philosophy	filsafat
phlegm	phlegm
pho	pho
phobia	phobia
phoenix	phoenix
phone	telpon
phonetic	phonetic
phonetics	phonetics
phonics	fonik
phonograph	phonograph
phonology	fonologi
phony	phony
phooey	nggoleki
phosphate	fosfat
phosphor	phosphor
phosphorus	fosfor
photo	foto
photogenic	fotogenik
photograph	foto
photographer	photographer
photographic	fotografi
photography	fotografi
photometry	photometry
photon	foton
phrase	tembung
phraseology	phraseology
phylogeny	phylogeny
physical	fisik
physical therapist	terapi fisik
physician	dokter
physicist	fisikawan
physics	fisika
physiological	physiological
physiology	fisiologi
physique	physique
pi	pi
pianist	pianist
piano	piano
piazza	piazza
piccolo	NO TRANSLATION
pick	Pick
picked	dipilih
picker	picker
picket	picket
picketing	picketing
pickle	pickle
pickled	pickled
pickpocket	pickpocket
pickup	jupuk
picky	picky
picnic	piknik
pictorial	gambar
picture	gambar
pictures	gambar
picturesque	picturesque
pie	pie
piece	Piece
piecemeal	sepi
pieceofshit	pieceofshit
pied	pied
pier	pier
pierce	pierce
piety	piety
pig	babi
pigeon	pigeon
piggy	piggy
piggyback	piggyback
pigheaded	pigheaded
piglet	piglet
pigment	pigmen
pigskin	pigskin
pigsty	pigsty
pike	pike
pile	tumpukan
piles	tumpukan
pileup	tumpukan munggah
pilgrim	jamaah
pilgrimage	ziarah
pill	pil
pillage	pillage
pillar	cagak
pillbox	pethak
pillow	bantal
pillowcase	pillowcase
pilot	sing nyetir pesawat
pimp	pimp
pimple	pimple
pin	pin
pinball	pinball
pinch	jempol
pinching	pinching
pine	pine
pineapple	nanas
ping	ping
pinhead	pinhead
pinhole	pinhole
pinion	pinion
pink	pink
pinkie	pinkie
pinnacle	pinnacle
pinot	pinot
pinpoint	pinpoint
pint	pint
pinto	pinto
pinup	templekan
pioneer	pionir
pious	alim
pip	pip
pipe	pipa
piped	piped
pipeline	pipa
piper	piper
pipette	pipette
piping	piping
pipsqueak	pipsqueak
pique	pique
piracy	perompakan
piranha	piranha
pirate	pirate
piscina	NO TRANSLATION
piss	piss
pissed	pissed
pissedoff	pissedoff
pisser	NO TRANSLATION
pissesmeoff	pissesmeoff
pissingmeoff	pissingmeoff
pissoff	pissoff
pistachio	pistachio
pistol	pistol
piston	piston
pit	jeblugan
pita	pita
pitch	pitch
pitcher	picer
pitchfork	pitchfork
pitfall	pitfall
pith	pith
pithy	pithy
pitiful	pitiful
pitted	pitted
pitter	pitter
pituitary	pituitary
pity	kasihan
pivot	pivot
pivotal	pivotal
pix	pik
pixie	pixie
pizza	pizza
pizzazz	pizzazz
pizzeria	pizzeria
placard	placard
place	Panggonan
placebo	placebo
placement	panggonan
placenta	plasenta
placid	tenang
placket	placket
plagiarism	plagiarism
plague	Wewelak
plaid	plaid
plain	kosong
plainclothes	plainclothes
plaintiff	penggugat
plaintive	plaintive
plan	rencana
plane	pesawat
planes	pesawat
planet	planet
planetarium	planetarium
planetary	planet
planets	planet
plank	plank
plankton	plankton
planned	ngrancang
planner	Planner
planning	planning
plant	tanduran
plantation	perkebunan
planter	planter
planting	tanduran
plaque	plak
plasma	plasma
plaster	plester
plastic	plastik
plasticity	plastisitas
plat	plat
plate	piring
plateau	dhataran dhuwur
plated	dilapisi
platform	platform
plating	plating
platinum	platinum
platonic	platonic
platoon	platoon
platter	platter
plaudit	NO TRANSLATION
plausibility	plausibility
plausible	bisa ditemokake
play	muter
playa	playa
playback	playback
playbook	playbook
playboy	playboy
player	pamuter
playful	playful
playground	playground
playhouse	playhouse
playmate	playmate
playoff	playoff
playpen	playpen
playroom	playroom
plaything	plaything
playtime	playtime
playwright	playwright
plaza	plaza
plea	nyuwun pangapunten
plead	plead
pleasant	nyenengake
pleased	seneng banget
pleasing	nyenengake
pleasurable	nyenengake
pleasure	kesenengan
pleasures	kesenengan
pleat	pleat
pleated	nyelehake
pledge	sumpah
pledged	pledged
plenary	plenary
plentiful	akeh banget
plenty	akeh
plenum	plenum
plethora	plethora
plexus	plexus
pliable	pliable
plication	plikasi
pliers	pliers
plight	kasangsaran
plinth	plinth
plodding	plodding
plop	plop
plot	plot
plough	plow
ploughed	plowed
plover	plover
plow	plow
plowed	plowed
plowing	plowing
ploy	ploy
pluck	pluck
plucky	plucky
plug	plug
plum	plum
plumage	plumage
plumb	plumb
plumber	plumber
plumbing	plumbing
plume	plume
plummet	plummet
plump	plump
plumper	plumper
plunder	ngrampas
plunge	terjun
plunger	plunger
plural	jamak
plurality	pluralitas
plush	mewah
plutonium	plutonium
ply	ply
plywood	plywood
pneumatic	pneumatik
pneumonia	pneumonia
poacher	poacher
poachers	tukang ngebor
poaching	pemburu
pocket	kanthong
pocketbook	pocketbook
pocketful	pocketful
pod	NO TRANSLATION
podium	podium
poem	puisi
poems	puisi
poet	penyair
poetic	puisi
poetical	puisi
poetics	puisi
poetry	puisi
pogo	pogo
poignant	poignant
point	titik
pointedly	kanthi cetha
pointer	pitunjuk
pointless	ora ana gunane
pointy	pointy
poise	poise
poison	racun
poisoned	diracun
poisoning	keracunan
poisonous	beracun
poke	poke
poker	poker
pokes	pokes
polar	polar
polarity	polaritas
pole	pole
polemic	polemik
police	polisi
police officer	polisi
policeman	polisi
policewoman	policewoman
policy	privasi
polio	polio
polish	polish
polished	polesan
polite	sopan santun
politeness	sopan santun
politic	politik
political	politik
politician	politisi
politics	politik
polity	polity
polka	polka
poll	jajak pendapat
pollen	serbuk sari
polling	polling
pollute	ngrusak
pollution	polusi
polo	polo
poltergeist	poltergeist
polyester	polyester
polygamy	poligami
polygon	poligon
polygonal	polygonal
polygraph	polygraph
polymer	polimer
polymorphism	polimorfisme
pomp	pomp
pompous	pompous
poncho	poncho
pond	blumbang
ponder	ponder
ponderous	ponderous
pong	pong
pontiff	pontiff
pontificate	pontificate
pontoon	pontoon
pony	pony
ponytail	ponytail
pooch	pooch
poodle	poodle
poof	poof
pool	kolam renang
poop	poop
poor	miskin
poorly	kurang apik
pop	pop
popcorn	popcorn
pope	Paus
popper	popper
poppy	poppy
poppycock	poppycock
popsicle	popsicle
popular	populer
popularity	popularitas
popularized	popularized
population	populasi
populous	populasine
porcelain	porselin
porch	porch
porcupine	porcupine
pore	pore
pork	daging babi
porker	porker
porky	porky
porn	porno
porno	porno
pornographic	porno
pornography	pornografi
porosity	porositas
porous	keropos
porridge	porridge
port	port
portable	portabel
portage	portage
portal	portal
porter	porter
porterhouse	porterhouse
portfolio	portofolio
porthole	porthole
portico	portico
portion	bagean
portrait	mujur
portraiture	portraiture
portray	nggambar
pose	pose
poser	NO TRANSLATION
posh	posh
posited	posited
position	posisi
positioning	posisi
positive	positif
positiveenergy	NO TRANSLATION
positively	positif
positivity	positip
posse	posse
possess	nduweni
possessed	duweni
possessing	nduweni
possession	duwe
possessive	sing nduweni
possessor	sing nduweni
possibility	kamungkinan
possible	bisa
possibly	mbok menawa
possum	possum
post	kirim
postage	ongkos kirim
postal	pos
postcard	kertu pos
poster	poster
posterior	posterior
posterity	Salajengipun
posthumous	posthumous
postman	tukang pos
postmortem	postmortem
postpone	Ditanggulangi
postponed	ditundha
postponement	postponement
postscript	postscript
postulate	postulate
posture	dedeg piadeg
pot	pot
potable	poten
potassium	kalium
potato	kentang
potatoes	kentang
potency	potency
potent	kuat
potential	potensial
pothead	pothead
pothole	pothole
potion	potion
potluck	potluck
potpourri	potpourri
potted	potted
potter	potter
pottery	tembikar
potty	potty
pouch	kantong
poultry	unggas
pounce	pounce
pound	pound
pounding	ketukan
pour	NO TRANSLATION
pout	pout
pouting	pouting
pouty	pouty
poverty	mlarat
pow	pow
powder	bubuk
powdered	bubuk
powdery	powdery
power	daya
powerful	kuat
powerfully	banget
powerhouse	powerhouse
powerless	tanpa daya
powwow	powwow
pox	pox
practicable	praktis
practical	praktis
practically	praktis
practice	laku
practiced	praktik
practise	laku
practitioner	praktisi
pragmatic	pragmatik
prairie	prairie
praise	pujian
praised	ngalembana
praisegod	NO TRANSLATION
praisejesus	NO TRANSLATION
praises	ngalembana
praiseworthy	pinuji
praising	ngalembana
prance	prance
prank	prank
prawn	prawn
praxis	praxis
pray	ndedonga
prayer	pandonga
prayforme	prayforme
praying	ndedonga
praying mantis	praying mantis
preach	martakaké
preacher	preacher
preaching	martakaké
preamble	preamble
precarious	ora mesthi
precaution	pencegahan
precautionary	precautionary
precede	ndhisiki
precedence	precedene
precedent	precedent
preceding	sadurunge
precept	dhawuhe
preceptor	preceptor
precession	precession
precinct	presint
precincts	precincts
precious	larang regane
precipice	pring
precipitate	precipitate
precipitation	udan
precipitous	pucuk
precise	pas
precisely	sabenere
precision	Precision
preclude	nyegah
precocious	precocious
precursor	ngisore
predator	predator
predatory	predatory
predecessor	pendhudhuk
predicament	predicament
predicate	predikat
predict	prédhiksi
predictable	bisa diprediksi
predicting	predicting
prediction	prediksi
predictive	prediktif
predictor	prediktor
predilection	predilection
predispose	predispose
predisposed	predisposed
predisposition	predisposisi
predominance	predominance
predominant	utamane
predominate	predominate
preeminent	preinan
preemption	preemption
preemptive	preemptive
preface	PURWAKA
prefect	prefect
prefer	seneng
preferable	luwih disenengi
preference	pilihan
preferential	preferensial
prefix	awalan
pregnancy	meteng
pregnant	ngandhut
prehistoric	prehistorik
prejudice	prejudis
prejudiced	prejudis
prejudicial	prejudicial
prelim	prelim
preliminary	pambuka
prelude	prelude
premarital	premarital
premature	durung rampung
prematurely	prematur
premed	premed
premeditated	premeditated
premier	premier
premiere	premiere
premise	premis
premises	panggonan
premium	premium
premonition	prasasti
prenatal	prenatal
prenuptial	prenuptial
preoccupation	prekara
preoccupied	disenengi
prep	prep
preparation	preparation
preparatory	preparatory
prepare	nyiyapake
prepared	disiapake
preparedness	kesiapan
preparer	preparer
preparing	nyiapake
preponderance	banget
preposterous	preposterous
preppy	preppy
prerequisite	prasyarat
prerogative	prerogative
preschool	sekolah dhasar
prescient	prescient
prescribe	prescribe
prescribed	diwenehake
prescription	resep
prescriptive	prescriptive
presence	ngarsane
present	saiki
presentable	presentable
presentation	presentation
presenter	presenter
presentment	presentment
presents	hadiah
preservation	pengawetan
preservative	pengawet
preserve	ngreksa
preserved	wadi
preserving	nglindhungi
preside	preside
presidency	kepresidenan
president	presiden
presidential	presiden
press	pencet
pressing	pencet
pressure	tekanan
prestige	prestige
prestigious	prestisius
presto	presto
presume	presume
presumption	anggepan
presumptive	presumptive
presumptuous	presumptuous
presuppose	presuppose
pretend	pretend
pretended	nyamar
pretender	pretender
pretending	berpura-pura
pretense	pretense
pretensions	pretens
pretentious	pretentious
pretext	pretext
pretty	cantik
pretzel	pretzel
prevail	menangake
prevailing	berlaku
prevalence	prevalensi
prevalent	biasa
prevent	nyegah
preventative	preventif
prevention	Nyegah
preventive	nyegah
preview	pratayang
previous	sadurungé
previously	sadurunge
prey	mangsa
price	rega
priceless	paling apik
pricey	pricey
prick	prick
prickly	prickly
pride	bangga
priest	Imam
priestess	pendhudhuk
priesthood	priesthood
priestly	imam
prig	prig
prim	prim
prima	NO TRANSLATION
primacy	primacy
primal	primal
primary	utamane
primate	primata
primates	primata
prime	prima
primed	primed
primer	primer
primeval	primeval
priming	priming
primitive	primitif
primordial	primordial
primrose	primrose
prince	pangeran
princely	princely
princess	putri
principal	principal
principally	principally
principle	asas
principles	prinsip
print	print
printer	printer
printing	printing
printout	printout
prior	sadurunge
prioritize	prioritize
priority	prioritas
priory	priory
prism	prisma
prismatic	prisma
prison	pakunjaran
prisoner	tahanan
prissy	prisma
pristine	murni
privacy	privasi
private	pribadi
privately	pribadi
privilege	hak istimewa
privileged	kebon
privy	pribadi
prize	hadiah
prized	prized
pro	pro
proactive	proaktif
probability	probabilitas
probable	kemungkinan
probate	probate
probation	wektu ujian
probationary	percobaan
probative	probatif
probe	satelit
probing	probing
probity	probabilitas
problem	masalah
problematic	masalah
procedural	prosedural
procedure	prosedur
proceed	nerusake
proceeding	nerusake
proceeds	nerusake
process	proses
processing	Processing
procession	prosesi
processor	prosesor
proclaim	martakake
proclamation	proklamasi
procrastinate	procrastinate
procrastination	procrastination
procreate	procreate
procreation	procreation
proctologist	proctologist
proctor	proctor
procure	procure
procurement	pengadaan
prod	prod
prodigal	prodigal
prodigious	prodigious
prodigy	prodigy
produce	ngasilake
produced	diprodhuksi
producer	produser
producing	ngasilake
product	produk
production	produksi
productive	produktif
productivity	produktivitas
profane	profane
profanity	profanity
profess	profess
profession	profesi
professional	profesional
professionalism	profesionalisme
professor	profesor
professorship	profesor
proficiency	keahlian
proficient	ahli
profile	profil
profiler	profiler
profit	MediaWiki
profitable	nguntungake
profound	penting
profuse	profuse
profusion	profusion
prog	prog
progenitor	progenitor
progeny	progeny
prognosis	prognosis
prognostic	prognostik
program	program
programme	program
programmer	programmer
programming	pemrograman
progress	kemajuan
progression	kemajuan
progressive	progresif
prohibit	nglarang
prohibited	dilarang
prohibition	larangan
prohibitive	prohibitive
project	proyek
projectile	projectile
projectiles	projectile
projecting	projecting
projection	proyeksi
projector	proyektor
proletarian	proletar
proletariat	proletariat
prolific	prolifik
prologue	prologue
prolong	nggedhekake
prolongation	prolongation
prolonged	suwene
prom	prom
promenade	promenade
prominence	paling penting
prominent	penting
prominently	nyedhiyakake
promiscuity	promiscuity
promiscuous	promiscuous
promise	janji
promising	janjine
promissory	promissory
promo	promo
promontory	promontory
promote	promosi
promoter	promotor
promotion	promosi
promotional	promosi
prompt	pitakon
prompting	nyuwun pangapunten
promulgate	promulgate
promulgation	promulgation
prone	rawan
prong	prong
pronounce	ngucapake
pronounced	diucapake
pronouncement	pronouncement
pronto	NO TRANSLATION
pronunciation	pronunciation
proof	bukti
prop	prop
propaganda	propaganda
propagate	propagate
propagation	panyebaran
propane	propane
propel	propel
propelled	propelled
propeller	propeller
propelling	propelling
propensity	propensity
proper	suwene
property	properti
prophecy	ramalan
prophesy	medhar wangsit
prophet	nabi
prophetic	sunnat
prophylactic	prophylactic
prophylaxis	prophelaxis
proportion	bagiane
proportional	proporsional
proportionate	proportionate
proportions	proporsi
proposal	proposal
propose	propose
proposition	Proposal
proprietary	tertutup
proprietor	proprietor
proprietorship	proprietorship
propriety	propriety
propulsion	propulsion
prose	prosa
prosecute	nuntut
prosecution	tuntutan hukum
prosecutor	jaksa
prospect	prospek
prospection	prospek
prospective	prospek
prospectively	prospektif
prospector	prospector
prospectus	Prospectus
prosper	makmur
prosperity	kamakmuran
prosperous	makmur
prostate	prostat
prosthetic	prostetik
prostitute	pelacur
prostitution	prostitusi
prostrate	sujud
protagonist	protagonist
protect	nglindhungi
protected	dilindhungi
protecting	nglindhungi
protection	perlindungan
protective	protèktif
protector	pelindung
protein	protein
protest	protest
protestant	protestan
protocol	protokol
proton	proton
prototype	prototipe
protozoa	protozoa
protracted	protracted
protrude	protrude
protrusion	protrusion
proud	bangga
prove	mbuktekaken
proven	buktiaken
proverb	paribasan
proverbial	proverbial
provide	nyedhiyani
provided	kasedhiya
providence	Providence
provider	panyedhiya
providing	nyediakake
province	provinsi
provincial	provinsi
provision	panentu
provisional	provisional
provisionally	kapan wae
provisions	pranata
proviso	proviso
provocation	provokasi
provocative	provokatif
provoke	nyerang
provoked	provoked
provoking	nyenengake
provost	provost
prowess	prowess
prowl	prowl
prowler	prowler
proximal	proximal
proximate	proximate
proximity	jarak
proxy	proxy
prude	prude
prudence	prudence
prudent	prudent
prune	prune
pruning	pruning
pry	pry
prying	prying
psalm	psalm
psalms	psalms
pseudo	pseudo
pseudonym	pseudonim
psi	psi
psoriasis	psoriasis
psych	psych
psyche	psyche
psychedelic	psychedelic
psychiatric	psychiatric
psychiatrist	psychiatrist
psychiatry	psychiatry
psychic	psikis
psychical	psikis
psychics	psikis
psycho	psycho
psychoanalysis	psychoanalysis
psychoanalyst	psychoanalyst
psychobabble	psychobabble
psychological	psikologis
psychologist	psikolog
psychology	psikologi
psychopath	psychopath
psychopathic	psychopathic
psychosis	psikosis
psychosomatic	psikosomatik
psychotherapy	psikoterapi
psychotic	psikotik
pterodactyl	pterodactyl
ptsd	ptsd
pub	pub
puberty	Wiwitan
pubes	pubes
pubescent	pubescent
pubic	pubic
public	umum
publication	publikasi
publicist	publicist
publicity	publisitas
publicly	publik
publicspeaking	NO TRANSLATION
publish	nerbitake
published	diterbitake
publisher	penerbit
publishing	penerbitan
puck	puck
pucker	pucker
pudding	pudding
puddle	puddle
pudgy	pudgy
puff	puff
puffing	puffing
puffy	puffy
pug	pug
puke	puke
pull	narik
pulley	katrol
pullover	pulung
pulmonary	pulmonary
pulp	pulp
pulpit	mimbar
pulsar	pulsar
pulsation	pulsation
pulse	pulsa
puma	puma
pump	pompa
pumped	dipompa
pumpkin	waluh
pun	NO TRANSLATION
punch	Punch
punched	punched
punching	punching
punchy	punchy
punctual	punctual
punctuality	punctuality
punctually	punctually
punctuation	tandha wacan
puncture	puncture
pundit	pundit
pungent	pungent
punish	ngukum
punishable	punishable
punished	dihukum
punishing	punishing
punishment	ukuman
punitive	punitive
punk	punk
punt	punt
puny	puny
pup	pup
pupil	murid
puppet	wayang
puppeteer	dalang
puppy	kirik
purchase	tuku
purchaser	purchaser
purchasing	mundhut
pure	murni
purebliss	NO TRANSLATION
puree	puree
purely	murni
purgatory	purgatory
purge	purge
purification	dimurnèkaké
purify	ngresiki
purist	purist
purity	kemurnian
purple	ungu
purport	purport
purpose	waé
purposely	kanthi sengaja
purr	purr
purring	purring
purse	dompet
pursuance	pursuance
pursue	nguber
pursuing	nggayuh
pursuit	nguber
purveyor	purveyor
purview	purview
pus	pus
push	push
pusher	pusher
pushing	meksa
pushover	pushover
pushy	pushy
puss	kucing
pussy	pussy
pussycat	pussycat
put	ndekek
putative	putative
putrid	putrid
puts	sijine
putt	putt
putter	putter
putty	putty
puzzle	teka-teki
puzzled	bingung
puzzling	puzzling
pygmy	pygmy
pylon	pylon
pyramid	piramida
pyramidal	pyramidal
pyrotechnics	pyrotechnics
python	python
quack	quack
quad	quad
quadrangle	quadrangle
quadrant	kuadran
quadratic	kuadrat
quadrature	quadrature
quadruple	quadruple
quadrupole	quadrupole
quagmire	quagmire
quail	puyuh
quaint	aneh
quake	gempa
qualifications	kualifikasi
qualified	qualified
qualify	kualifikasi
qualifying	kualifikasi
qualities	kuwalitas
quality	kualitas
quandary	quandary
quantify	ngitung
quantitative	kuantitatif
quantitatively	kanthi jumlah
quantity	jumlah
quantum	kuantum
quarantine	quarantine
quarrel	gelut
quarry	tambang
quart	quart
quarter	saben wulan
quarterback	quarterback
quartered	saben wulan
quarterly	seprapat
quartermaster	klasemen
quarters	catur
quartet	kuartet
quartile	quartile
quarto	NO TRANSLATION
quartz	kuarsa
quash	quash
quasi	quasi
quaternary	quaternary
quay	NO TRANSLATION
queasiness	ngguyu
queasy	kepenak
queen	ratu
queer	ngguyu
quell	ngilangi
quench	quench
query	query
quest	nggoleki
question	Pitakonan
questionable	bisa dipahami
questioning	pitakonan
questionnaire	questionnaire
queue	saiki
queues	antrian
quibble	ngguyu
quiche	quiche
quick	cepet
quicken	quicken
quickie	quickie
quickly	cepet
quickness	quickness
quicksand	cepet-cepet
quicksilver	quicksilver
quid	ngono
quiescent	nyenyuwun
quiet	sepi
quietly	kanthi tenang
quill	quill
quilt	selimut
quince	quince
quinine	quinine
quintet	quintet
quirk	quirk
quirky	quirky
quit	mandheg
quits	mandheg
quitter	NO TRANSLATION
quiver	ngguyu
quivering	ngguyu
quiz	kuiz
quorum	korum
quota	kuota
quotation	kothak
quote	Kutipan
quotes	kuotasi
quotient	quotient
rabbi	rabi
rabbit	terwelu
rabble	rabble
rabid	rabid
rabies	rabies
raccoon	rakun
race	lomba
racehorse	racehorse
racer	racer
racetrack	racetrack
racial	rasis
racism	rasisme
racist	rasis
rack	rak
racket	raket
racketeering	raketeering
racking	racking
racquetball	racquetball
racy	racy
radar	radar
radial	radial
radiance	radiance
radiant	sumringah
radiate	radiate
radiation	radiation
radiator	radiator
radical	radikal
radically	radikal
radio	radio
radioactive	radioaktif
radioactivity	radioaktivitas
radiograph	radiograph
radiography	radiografi
radiologist	radiologist
radiology	radiologi
radish	radish
radium	radium
radius	radius
radon	radon
raffle	raffle
raft	rakit
rag	klambi
rage	nesu
ragemode	ragemode
ragetweet	NO TRANSLATION
ragged	ragged
raggedy	raggedy
raging	raging
rags	rags
ragtime	ragtime
raid	raid
raider	raider
rail	alur
railing	railing
railroad	ril sepur
railway	railway
raiment	raiment
rain	udan
rainbow	Pelangi
rainbow trout	Pelangi trout
rainbows	rainbow
raincoat	Jas udan
raindrops	raindrops
rainfall	banyu udan
rainforest	rainforest
rainmaker	rainmaker
rainstorm	udan deres
rainy	udan
rainyday	rainyday
raise	mundhakaken
raised	wungu
raisin	raisin
raising	mundhakaken
rake	rake
rally	rapat umum
ram	Ram
ramble	ramble
rambling	rambling
ramp	ramp
rampage	rampage
rampant	rampant
rampart	rampart
ramrod	rasane
ranch	ranch
rancher	rancher
rancid	rancid
random	acak
randomly	kanthi acak
randomness	randomness
randy	randy
range	sawetara
ranger	ranger
rank	Urutan
ranking	peringkat
ransom	tebusan
rant	rant
ranting	ranting
rap	rap
rape	rudo pekso
rapid	cepet
rapidity	kanthi cepet
rapids	jeram
rapist	rapist
rapper	rapper
rapping	rapping
rapport	NO TRANSLATION
rapt	rapt
raptor	raptor
raptors	raptors
rapture	pengangkatan
rare	langka
rarely	jarang
rarity	rarity
rascal	rascal
rash	kurang ajar
raspberries	raspberries
raspberry	raspberry
rat	tikus
ratchet	ratchet
rate	tingkat
ratification	ratifikasi
ratify	ratify
rating	Rating
ratio	rasio
ration	jatah
rational	nyoto
rationale	nyoto
rationalism	rasionalisme
rationality	rasionalitas
rationalize	rasional
rationing	rationing
rattan	rotan
rattle	rattle
rattled	rattled
rattler	rattler
rattlesnake	rattlesnake
ratty	ratty
raucous	raucous
ravage	ravage
rave	rave
raven	manuk gagak
ravenous	ravenous
ravine	jurang
raving	raving
ravioli	ravioli
ravishing	nyenengake
raw	mentah
rawhide	rawhide
rawr	rawr
ray	ray
razor	cukur
reach	tekan
react	nanggepi
reaction	reaksi
reactionary	reaksi
reactive	reaktif
reactor	reaktor
read	maca
reader	maca
readership	pamaca
readily	siap
readiness	kasetyan
reading	maca
readjustment	readjustment
readout	readout
ready	siap
readytogo	siap budhal
reaffirm	reaffirm
reagent	reagen
real	nyata
realism	realisme
realist	realist
realistic	nyata
reality	kasunyatan
realization	kasunyatan
realize	éling
realm	dunyo
realtor	Realtor
realty	realty
ream	ream
reap	reap
reaper	reaper
reappear	reappear
rear	mburi
rearrange	rearrange
rearrangement	rearrangement
reason	Alesanipun
reasonable	cukup
reasonableness	alasane
reasoning	penalaran
reasons	alasan
reassemble	reassemble
reassign	reassign
reassignment	reassignment
reassurance	reassurance
reassure	reassure
reassured	reassured
reassuring	reassuring
rebate	rebate
rebel	mbalela
rebellion	pemberontakan
rebellious	mbrontak
rebels	pemberontak
rebirth	rebirth
reboot	urip maneh
reborn	urip maneh
rebound	rebound
rebuild	mbangun maneh
rebuke	rebuke
rebut	rebut
rebuttal	rebuttal
recalcitrant	recalcitrant
recall	kelingan
recant	recant
recap	recap
recapture	recapture
recast	recast
recede	mundur
receding	receding
receipt	kuitansi
receipts	kuitansi
receive	nampa
received	ditampa
receiver	panrima
receiving	nampa
recent	anyar
receptacle	receptacle
reception	resepsi
receptionist	resepsi
receptive	reseptive
receptor	reseptor
recess	resik
recesses	recesses
recession	resesi
recharge	ngisi ulang
recheck	cekak
recherche	NO TRANSLATION
recidivism	recidivism
recipe	resep
recipient	panampa
reciprocal	reciprocal
reciprocate	balesana
reciprocity	timbal balik
recital	recital
recitation	recitation
recite	recite
reckless	sembrono
recklessness	sembrono
reckon	reckon
reckoning	reckoning
reclaim	mbalekake
reclamation	reklamasi
recline	lenggah
reclining	reclining
recluse	manggon
recognition	pangenalan
recognizable	recognizable
recognize	ngenali
recognized	diakoni
recoil	recoil
recollect	recollect
recollection	recollection
recombinant	rekombinan
recombination	rekombinasi
recommend	nyaranake
recommendation	saran
recompense	recompense
recon	recon
reconcile	reconcile
reconciliation	rekonsiliasi
reconfigure	reconfigure
reconnaissance	reconnaissance
reconnect	sambungake
reconsider	Coba maneh
reconsideration	reconsideration
reconstitution	reconstitution
reconstruct	reconstruct
reconstruction	rekonstruksi
reconstructive	rekonstruksi
reconvene	reconvene
record	rekaman
recorder	recorder
recording	rekaman
recount	recount
recoup	recoup
recourse	recourse
recover	waras
recoverable	bisa dipulihake
recovery	pemulihan
recreate	nggawé ulang
recreation	rekreasi
recreational	rekreasi
recruit	rekrut
recruiter	Recruiter
recruiting	recruiting
recruitment	rekrutmen
recruits	rekrut
rectal	rectal
rectangle	persegi panjang
rectangular	persegi panjang
rectification	rectification
rectify	mbenerake
rector	rektor
rectory	rectory
rectum	rectum
recumbent	recumbent
recuperation	recuperation
recur	mundur
recurrence	kakehan
recurrent	ambalan
recurring	ambalan
recursion	rekursor
recursive	rekursif
recursively	rekursif
recycle	Daur ulang
recycled	daur ulang
recycling	daur ulang
red	abang
reddish	reddish
redecorate	redecorate
redeem	ngijolake
redeemed	ditebus
redemption	penebusan
redesign	redesign
redhead	rikma abrit
redheaded	redheaded
redirect	pangalihan
redneck	redneck
redness	redness
redo	redo
redress	redress
reduce	ngurangi
reduced	ngurangi
reduction	pengurangan
redundancy	redundansi
redundant	ngluwihi
redwood	redwood
reed	Reed
reef	reef
reefer	reefer
reefs	reefs
reek	reek
reel	reel
reelection	reelection
reeling	reeling
reenactment	reenactment
reentry	reentry
reestablish	reestablish
ref	ref
refer	deleng
referee	Wasit
reference	referensi
referendum	referendum
referral	rujukan
refill	isi ulang
refine	nyaring
refined	olahan
refinement	refinement
refinery	kilang
refining	panyulingan
refit	refit
reflect	nggambarake
reflecting	nggambarake
reflection	bayangan
reflective	reflektif
reflector	reflektor
reflex	refleks
reflux	refluks
reform	reformasi
reformation	reformasi
reformer	reformer
refraction	refraction
refractor	refractor
refractory	refractory
refrain	nyegah
refraining	refraining
refresh	refresh
refreshed	refresh
refreshing	refreshing
refreshment	nyegerake
refrigerate	refrigerate
refrigeration	pendinginan
refrigerator	kulkas
refuel	isi ulang
refuge	pengungsi
refugee	pengungsi
refund	mbalekake
refurbish	refurbish
refusal	penolakan
refuse	nolak
refused	nolak
refusing	nolak
refutation	refutation
refute	nolak
regain	ngrampungake
regal	regal
regalia	regalia
regard	gati
regatta	regatta
regency	kabupaten
regenerate	regenerate
regeneration	regenerasi
regent	Bupati
reggae	reggae
regime	regime
regimen	regimen
regiment	resimen
regimental	regimental
region	wilayah
regional	regional
regionalism	regionalisme
register	ndhaftar
registrar	registrar
registration	registrasi
registry	registri
regress	regress
regression	regression
regressive	regressive
regret	Getun
regretful	regretful
regrettable	regrettable
regretted	regretted
regretting	regretting
regroup	klompok
regular	biasa
regularity	biasa
regulars	reguler
regulate	ngatur
regulated	diatur
regulation	regulasi
regulator	regulator
regulatory	aturan
regurgitation	regurgitasi
rehab	rehab
rehabilitate	rehabilitate
rehabilitation	rehabilitasi
rehash	rehash
rehearsal	latihan
rehearse	latihan
reign	mrentah
reigning	mrentah
reimburse	reimburse
reimbursement	reimbursement
rein	rein
reincarnation	reinkarnasi
reindeer	reindeer
reinforce	nguatake
reinforcement	tulangan
reinforcements	reinforcements
reins	reins
reinstall	instal ulang
reinstate	reinstate
reinstatement	reinstatement
reinvest	reinvest
reinvestment	reinvestment
reiterate	reiterate
reject	nolak
rejected	ditolak
rejection	penolakan
rejects	nolak
rejoice	bungaha
rejoicing	bungah
rejoin	rejoin
rejuvenate	rejuvenate
rejuvenated	rejuvenated
rekindle	rekindle
relapse	relapse
relate	nyaritakake
related	gegandhengan situs
relation	hubungan
relationship	sesambetan
relative	relatif
relativity	relativitas
relax	ngendhokke
relaxant	relaxant
relaxation	istirahat
relaxed	santai
relaxing	santai
relay	mlayu
release	nerbitake
released	dirilis
relegation	degradasi
relentless	ora gampang
relevance	relevansi
relevancy	relevansi
relevant	sing cocog
reliability	linuwih
reliable	iso dipercoyo
reliance	ngandel
relic	relik
relics	peninggalan
relief	relief
relieve	ngredhakaké
relieved	ngeculake
relieving	relieving
relight	relight
religion	agama
religious	agama
relinquish	nylametake
relish	relish
relive	relive
reload	reload
relocate	relocate
relocation	relocation
reluctance	pekewuh
reluctant	wegah
rely	gumantung
remain	tetep
remainder	sisa
remaining	isih ana
remains	tetep
remake	remake
remand	remand
remark	Tetembungane
remarkable	luar biasa
remarkably	saestu
remarry	nikah maneh
rematch	rematch
remedial	remedial
remedy	obat
remember	elinga
remembered	eling
remembering	ngelingi
remembrance	remen
remind	ngelingake
reminder	pangeling
reminisce	reminisce
reminiscent	kaya ngono
reminiscing	reminiscing
remiss	remiss
remission	remisi
remit	remit
remittance	pengiriman dana
remnant	Turahan
remodel	remodel
remorse	remorse
remorseful	remorseful
remote	remot
remoteness	remoteness
removal	aman
remove	mbusak
remover	remover
remuneration	remunerasi
renaissance	Renaissance
renal	ngenani babagan ginjel
rencontre	NO TRANSLATION
rend	NO TRANSLATION
render	nerjemahake
rendering	Rendering
rendezvous	Rendezvous
rendition	rendition
renegade	renegade
renegotiate	renegotiate
renew	gawe anyar
renewal	nganyari maneh
renounce	mratobat
renovate	renovate
renovated	direnovasi
renovation	mbenake
renown	misuwur
renowned	misuwur
rent	nyewa
rental	sewa
renter	renter
renunciation	penolakan
reopen	mbukak maneh
reorganization	reorganisasi
reorganize	nyusun ulang
rep	rep
repaint	repaint
repair	ndandani
repairman	repairman
reparation	reparasi
repay	mbaleni
repayment	repayment
repeal	repeal
repeat	baleni
repeated	bola-bali
repeatedly	bola-bali
repeater	repeater
repel	nolak
repellant	repellant
repellent	nyenyet
repelling	repelling
repent	mratobat
repentance	mratobat
repentant	mratobat
repertoire	repertoire
repertory	repertory
repetition	pengulangan
repetitive	repetitive
rephrase	rephrase
replace	ganti
replacement	panggantos
replay	muter maneh
replenish	ganti maneh
replete	replete
replica	tiron
replicate	niru
replication	replikasi
reply	reply
report	laporan
reported	kacarita
reporter	reporter
repose	repose
reposition	reposition
repository	repository
repossess	repossess
reprehensible	reprehensible
represent	makili
representation	perwakilan
representative	wakil
represented	diwakili
representing	makili
repress	repress
repressed	repressed
repression	penindasan
reprieve	nolak
reprimand	tegas
reprint	nyetak ulang
reprisal	reprisal
reprise	reprise
reproach	repot
reproduce	ngasilake
reproduction	Reproduksi
reproductive	reproduksi
reprogram	reprogram
reptile	reptil
republic	republik
republican	republik
repudiation	nolak
repugnance	repugnance
repugnant	repugnant
repulsion	repulsion
repulsive	repulsive
repurchase	repurchase
reputable	biso dipercoyo
reputation	reputasi
repute	repot
reputed	reputed
request	nyuwun
requiem	requiem
require	mbutuhake
required	dibutuhake
requirement	requirement
requisite	requisite
requisition	requisition
reread	reread
reroute	reroute
rerun	rerun
reschedule	reschedule
rescind	rescind
rescission	rescission
rescue	nulung
research	riset
researcher	peneliti
resection	reseksi
resemblance	resemblance
resemble	mirip
resembling	resembling
resent	resent
resentful	resentful
resentment	resentment
reservation	leladen
reserve	cadangan
reserved	diwenehake
reserves	cadangan
reservoir	reservoir
reset	reset
reside	manggon
residence	panggonan
residences	residensi
residency	residency
resident	penduduk
residential	omah
residual	turah
residue	residu
resign	mundur
resignation	mundur
resigned	mundur
resilience	daya tahan
resilient	resilient
resin	resin
resist	nolak
resistance	resistance
resistant	tahan
resisting	resisting
resistive	resistif
resolute	resolut
resolutely	tegese
resolution	Résolusi
resolve	mutusake masalah
resolved	wis diatasi
resonance	resonansi
resonant	resonan
resonate	resonate
resonator	resonator
resort	resort
resounding	resounding
resource	sumber
resourceful	akal
resources	sumber daya
respect	ngormati
respectability	respectability
respectable	respectable
respected	dihormati
respectful	hormat
respecting	respecting
respective	masing
respects	ngajeni
respiration	respirasi
respirator	respirator
respiratory	respirasi
respite	tangguh
resplendent	resplendent
respond	respond
respondent	responden
response	respon
responsibility	Tanggung jawabe
responsible	tanggung jawab
responsive	responsif
rest	ngaso
restart	baleni meneh
restaurant	restoran
rested	ngaso
restful	nyenyet
restitution	restitusi
restless	resik
restlessness	nggegirisi
restock	ngresiki
restoration	restorasi
restorative	restoratif
restore	mulihake
restored	dibalèkaké
restoring	mulihake
restrain	ngalangi
restrained	ngendhalike
restraining	nyegah
restraint	nyegah
restrict	matesi
restricted	diwatesi
restriction	watesan
restrictive	mbatesi
restroom	restroom
result	asil
resultant	asil
resume	resume
resumption	urip maneh
resurrect	resik
resurrection	kebangkitan
resuscitate	resuscitate
resuscitation	resusitasi
retail	Toko
retailer	toko
retain	retain
retainer	retainer
retaining	retaining
retake	Retake
retaliate	Retaliate
retaliation	pembalasan
retaliatory	retaliatory
retard	retard
retardation	retardasi
retarded	mundhut
retards	retards
retention	retensi
retentive	retentive
rethink	rethink
reticent	reticent
retina	retina
retinal	retinal
retire	pensiun
retired	pensiun
retirement	pensiun
retiring	pensiun
retold	retold
retort	retort
retrace	Balik maneh
retract	retract
retraction	retraction
retractor	retractor
retreat	mundur
retrenchment	retrenchment
retrial	retrial
retribution	retribusi
retrieval	retrieval
retrieve	retrieve
retriever	retriever
retro	retro
retroactive	retroaktif
retrograde	retrograde
retrospect	retrospect
retrospective	retrospektif
retrospectively	retrospektif
return	bali
reunion	reuni
reunite	reunite
reunited	reuni
rev	rev
reveal	mbukak
revel	revel
revelation	wahyu
revelations	wahyu
revels	revels
revenge	mbalela
revenue	revenue
reverberation	reverberation
revere	revere
reverence	reverence
reverend	reverend
reverent	reverent
reverie	reverie
reversal	mbatalake
reverse	mbalikke
reversion	reversi
revert	bali
reverting	mbaleni
review	review
reviewer	reviewer
revise	revise
revision	revisi
revisit	revisi
revival	kawentar
revive	revive
revocation	pencabutan
revoke	batal
revolt	pemberontakan
revolting	mbalela
revolution	revolusi
revolutionary	revolusioner
revolutionize	revolusi
revolve	revolve
revolver	revolver
revolving	revolving
revue	revue
revulsion	ngganggu
revving	revving
reward	ganjaran
rewarding	maringi hadiah
rewind	mundur
rewire	rewire
rewrite	nulis ulang
rhapsody	rhapsody
rhetoric	retorika
rhetorical	rhetorical
rheumatism	rheumatism
rhinestone	rhinestone
rhino	rhino
rhinoceros	badhak
rhubarb	rhubarb
rhyme	sajak
rhyming	rhyming
rhythm	irama
rhythmic	rhythmic
rhythmical	rhythmical
rib	rib
ribbed	ribbed
ribbon	pita
rice	gabah
rich	sugih
riches	kasugihan
richness	kekayaan
rick	rick
rickety	rickety
rickshaw	rickshaw
ricochet	ricochet
rid	nyisihaken
riddance	riddance
riddle	riddle
riddled	riddled
ride	kulo
rider	penunggang
ridge	Bukit
ridicule	ridicule
ridiculed	ridiculed
ridiculous	ridiculous
riding	nunggang
rife	rife
riff	riff
riffraff	riffraff
rifle	senapan
rifleman	rifleman
rifles	senapan
rift	rift
rig	rig
rigged	rigged
rigging	rigging
right	tengen
righteous	mursid
righteousness	kabeneran
rightful	rightful
rightly	tengen
righty	righty
rigid	kaku
rigidity	rigiditas
rigor	rigor
rigorous	kaku
rim	rim
rind	rind
ring	ring
ringer	ringer
ringing	muni
ringleader	ringleader
ringmaster	ringmaster
ringside	ringside
rink	rink
rinse	mbilas
riot	Rerusuh
rioting	rioting
riotous	riotous
riots	riots
rip	nyuwek
riparian	riparian
ripe	mateng
ripen	ripen
ripening	ripening
ripper	Ripper
ripple	ripple
rippling	rippling
rise	munggah
rising	Rising
risk	resiko
risky	resiko
risotto	risotto
rite	ritus
ritual	ritual
ritualistic	ritualistik
rival	saingan
rivalry	saingan
river	kali
riverbank	banyu kali
riverbed	sungai
riverboat	riverboat
rivet	rivet
riveted	riveted
riveting	riveting
roach	roach
road	dalan
roadblock	roadblock
roadhouse	roadhouse
roadie	roadie
roadrage	NO TRANSLATION
roadrunner	roadrunner
roads	dalan
roadside	roadside
roadster	roadster
roadtrip	roadtrip
roadway	roadway
roadworks	roadworks
roam	roam
roar	roar
roaring	roaring
roast	panggang
roasted	panggang
rob	rob
robber	perampokan
robbery	rampokan
robe	jubah
robin	robin
robot	robot
robotic	robot
robotics	robot
robust	tegese
roc	roc
rock	rock
rocker	rocker
rocket	roket
rocks	watu
rod	rod
rodent	rodent
rodeo	rodeo
roe	roe
rogue	nakal
role	peran
roll	muter
roller	roller
rollercoaster	rollercoaster
rollers	rollers
rollicking	nggulung
rolling	nggulung
roman	roman
romance	romansa
romantic	romantis
romanticism	romantisisme
romp	romp
roof	gendheng
rooftop	rooftop
rook	rook
rookie	wong anyar
room	kamar
roomful	sedhih banget
roommate	roommate
rooms	kamar
roomy	luwes
roost	roost
rooster	jago kluruk
root	ROOT
root beer	ROOT bir
rooted	bosok
rope	tali
ropes	tali
rosary	rosary
rose	wungu
rosemary	rosemary
rosette	rosette
roster	daptar
rosy	rosy
rot	rot
rota	rota
rotary	rotary
rotate	rotate
rotation	rotasi
rote	rote
rotor	rotor
rotten	rotten
rotting	rotting
rotunda	rotunda
rouge	rouge
rough	atos
roughly	kira-kira
roughneck	roughneck
roughness	roughness
roulette	rolet
round	babak
roundabout	roundabout
rounded	bunder
roundup	roundup
rouse	rouse
rouser	rouser
rousing	rousing
rout	rusak
route	rute
routine	tumindake
rove	rove
rover	rover
roving	roving
row	baris
rowboat	rowboat
rowdy	rowdy
rowing	kayaking
royal	kraton
royalty	royalty
rub	samubarang kang angel
rubber	karet
rubbers	rubbers
rubbing	rubbing
rubbish	sampah
rubble	rusak
rubdown	rubdown
rubric	rubrik
ruby	ruby
ruckus	ruckus
rudder	rudder
ruddy	ruddy
rude	kasar
rudeness	rudeness
rudimentary	rudimentary
rudiments	rudiments
rue	rue
rueful	rueful
ruff	ruff
ruffian	ruffian
ruffle	ruffle
rug	karpet
rugby	rugby
rugged	rugged
ruin	ngrusak
ruination	rusak
ruined	rusak
ruinous	ruinous
ruins	reruntuhan
rule	aturan
ruler	penguasa
ruling	ngatur
rum	rum
rumba	rumba
rumble	Rame
rummage	rummage
rumor	desas desus
rumored	dikabarake
rump	rump
rumpus	rumpus
run	mbukak
runaround	runaround
runaway	minggat
rundown	rundown
runes	runes
rung	rung
runner	runner
running	mlaku
running shoes	sepatu mlaku
runny	runny
runt	NO TRANSLATION
runway	runway
rupture	pecah
rural	desa
ruse	NO TRANSLATION
rush	rush
rushing	cepet-cepet
rust	teyeng
rusted	rusted
rustic	rustic
rustle	rustle
rustler	rustler
rusty	rusty
rut	rut
ruth	ruth
ruthless	kejem
rye	rye
sabbatical	sabbatical
saber	NO TRANSLATION
sable	sable
sabotage	sabotase
saboteur	saboteur
sac	sac
sack	sack
sacrament	sakramèn
sacred	suci
sacrifice	kurban
sacrifices	kurban
sacrificial	kurban
sacrilege	sacrilege
sacrilegious	sacrilegious
sad	sedih
sadday	NO TRANSLATION
saddens	sedhih
saddle	pelana
sadist	sadis
sadistic	sadis
sadly	sedhih
sadness	nelangsa
safari	safari
safe	aman
safeguard	njaga
safekeeping	nyegah
safety	safety
saffron	saffron
sag	sag
saga	saga
sage	sage
saggy	saggy
sail	sail
sailboat	sailboat
sailing	sailing
sailor	Pelaut
saint	saint
sainted	sainted
saintly	saintly
sake	sake
salad	salad
salamander	salamander
salami	salami
salary	gaji
sale	sale
salesgirl	salesgirl
salesman	salesman
salient	salient
saline	saline
saliva	saliva
sally	sally
salmon	salmon
salmonella	salmonella
salon	salon
saloon	Saloon
salsa	salsa
salt	uyah
salted	salted
saltwater	banyu asin
salty	asin
salutary	salutary
salutation	salam
salute	ngormati
salvage	nyelametake
salvation	kawilujengan
salve	salve
samba	samba
sameness	sameness
sample	sampel
samurai	samurai
sanatorium	sanatorium
sanctification	kasucian
sanctified	kasucekake
sanctify	ngresiki
sanctimonious	sanctimonious
sanction	sanksi
sanctioned	sanctioned
sanctity	kasucian
sanctuary	panggonan suci
sanctum	sanctum
sand	pasir
sandal	sandal
sandbox	sandbox
sander	sander
sandman	sandman
sandpaper	sandpaper
sands	sands
sandstorm	sandstorm
sandwich	roti isi
sandy	sandy
sane	sane
sanguine	sanguine
sanitarium	sanitarium
sanitary	sanitasi
sanitation	sanitasi
sanity	sanitasi
sans	NO TRANSLATION
santa	santa
sap	tlutuh
sapiens	sapiens
sapphire	sapir
sappy	sappy
sarcasm	sarcasm
sarcastic	sarcastic
sarcoma	sarcoma
sarcophagus	sarcophagus
sardine	sardine
sardonic	sardonic
sarsaparilla	sarsaparilla
sash	sash
sashimi	sashimi
sassafras	sassafras
sassy	sassy
satanic	satanika
satchel	satchel
sate	NO TRANSLATION
satellite	satelit
satin	satin
satire	satire
satirical	satirical
satisfaction	kepuasan
satisfactorily	kepuasan
satisfactory	puas
satisfied	puas
satisfy	gawe
satisfying	muasake
saturate	saturate
saturated	kebak
saturation	saturation
satyr	satyr
sauce	saos
saucepan	saucepan
saucer	saucer
saucy	saucy
sauerkraut	sauerkraut
sauna	sauna
sausage	sosis
savage	galak
savagery	savagery
savanna	savanna
savannah	savannah
savant	savant
save	simpen
saver	saver
saving	nyimpen
savings	tabungan
savior	Juruwilujeng
savor	nyenengake
savory	gurih
savvy	savvy
saw	weruh
sawdust	sawdust
sawmill	sawmill
sax	sax
saxophone	saxophone
say	ngomong
sayonara	NO TRANSLATION
scab	scab
scabbard	scabbard
scaffold	perancah
scaffolding	scaffolding
scalding	scalding
scale	ukuran
scales	timbangan
scallop	scallop
scalp	kulit
scalpel	scalpel
scaly	scaly
scam	scam
scamp	scamp
scampi	scampi
scan	pindai
scandal	skandal
scandalous	skandal
scanner	scanner
scanty	kurang ajar
scape	scape
scapegoat	scapegoat
scar	catu
scarab	scarab
scarce	langka
scarcely	ora cukup
scarcity	kekurangan
scare	ajrih
scarecrow	scarecrow
scared	wedi
scares	scares
scarf	selendang
scarier	scarier
scariest	scariest
scarlet	abang
scary	medeni
scat	sumebar
scatter	nyebar
scattered	kasebar
scattering	nyebar
scavenger	scavenger
scenario	skenario
scene	adegan
scenery	sesawangan
scenic	apik banget
scent	aroma
scented	wangi
scepter	setan
sceptical	mamang
scepticism	skeptisisme
schadenfreude	schadenfreude
schedule	jadwal
schematic	skematis
scheme	rencana
schilling	schilling
schism	pembaharuan
schizophrenia	skizofrenia
schizophrenic	skizofrenia
schlep	schlep
schmuck	NO TRANSLATION
schnapps	schnapps
schnitzel	schnitzel
scholar	sarjana
scholarly	Nyinau
scholarship	beasiswa
scholastic	scholastic
school	sekolah
schoolboy	anak sekolah
schoolgirl	sekolah
schoolhouse	sekolah
schooling	sekolah
schoolmaster	sekolah
schoolteacher	NO TRANSLATION
schoolwork	sekolah
schoolyard	sekolah dhasar
schooner	kothak
sciatica	sciatica
science	ilmu
scientific	ilmiah
scientist	ilmuwan
scifi	scifi
scintilla	NO TRANSLATION
scintillating	scintillating
scintillation	scintillation
scintillator	scintillator
scion	scion
scissors	gunting
scoff	ngguyu
scold	sengit
scolding	murka
scone	scone
scoop	bungkus
scoot	scoot
scooter	skuter
scope	lingkup
scorch	siram
scorching	scorching
score	skor
scoreboard	scoreboard
scorer	pencetak gol
scores	nilai
scorn	nglokro
scorned	scorned
scornful	scornful
scorpion	kalajengking
scotch	scotch
scoundrel	sengit
scour	scour
scourge	cidra
scout	Scout
scowl	scowl
scrabble	scrabble
scram	scram
scramble	scramble
scrambled	scrambled
scrambler	scrambler
scrambling	scrambling
scrap	kethokan
scrapbook	scrapbook
scrape	scrape
scrapie	scrapie
scraping	scraping
scrappy	scrappy
scratch	ngeruk
scratchy	scratchy
scrawny	scrawny
scream	njerit
screamer	screamer
screaming	njerit
screech	screech
screen	layar
screening	screening
screenplay	screenplay
screenwriter	panulis skripsi
screw	sekrup
screwball	screwball
screwdriver	obeng
screwed	nyengat
screwy	screwy
screwyou	NO TRANSLATION
scribble	nulis
scribe	nulis
scrimmage	scrimmage
scrip	scrip
script	skrip
scriptural	Kitab Suci
scripture	tulisan
scroll	gulung
scrotum	scrotum
scrounge	scrounge
scrounger	scrounger
scrub	scrub
scruffy	scruffy
scrumptious	scrumptious
scrupulous	scrupulous
scrutinize	scrutinize
scrutiny	nliti
scuba	scuba
scuff	scuff
scuffle	cacat
scullery	scullery
sculptor	sculptor
sculpture	patung
sculptured	sculptured
scum	scum
scumbag	scumbag
scurry	jebule
scurvy	scurvy
scuttle	scuttle
sea	segara
seaboard	seaboard
seafood	seafood
seagull	seagull
seal	segel
seals	segel
seam	lapisan
seaman	seaman
seamless	rapi
seamstress	seamstress
seaport	seaport
sear	sear
search	golèk
searching	nggoleki
searchlight	l Lampu
seared	seared
seashore	segara
seasick	seasick
seaside	pantai
season	mangsa
seasonal	mangsan
seasoned	akeh banget
seasoning	bumbu
seat	kursi
seatbelt	seatbelt
seating	lenggahan
seawater	seawater
seaweed	seaweed
sec	detik
secession	seger
secluded	secluded
seclusion	kepencut
second	kapindho
second cousin	sepupu kapindho
secondary	sekunder
secondhand	secondhand
secrecy	rahasia
secret	rahasia
secretariat	sekretariat
secretary	sekretaris
secrete	secrete
secretion	sekresi
secretive	rahasia
secretly	kanthi rahasia
sect	sekte
sectarian	sektarian
section	bagean
sectional	penampang
sector	sektor
secular	sekuler
secularism	sekularisme
secure	ngamanake
securities	sekuritase
security	keamanan
sedan	NO TRANSLATION
sedate	sedate
sedation	sedation
sedative	sedative
sedentary	sedentary
sedge	sedge
sediment	endapan
sedimentary	sedimentary
sedition	sedulur
seduce	seduce
seducer	seducer
seducing	seducing
seduction	seduction
seductive	seductive
see	ndeleng
seed	winih
seedling	seedling
seeds	wiji
seedy	seedy
seek	nggoleki
seeker	seeker
seem	koyone
seemingly	ketoke
seer	seer
seesaw	seesaw
seething	seething
segment	babagan
segregate	segregate
segregated	dipisahake
segregation	segregasi
seismic	seismik
seize	ngrebut
seizure	penyitaan
seldom	jarang
select	pilih
selection	pilihan
selective	selektif
selectman	selectman
selenium	selenium
self	dhewe
selfharm	NO TRANSLATION
selfish	egois
selfishness	selfishness
selfless	tanpa pamrih
selflove	NO TRANSLATION
selfworth	NO TRANSLATION
sell	ngedol
seller	seller
sellout	sellout
seltzer	seltzer
semantics	semantik
semaphore	semafore
semblance	semblance
semen	semen
semester	semester
semi	semi
semiautomatic	NO TRANSLATION
semicolon	titik koma
seminal	seminal
seminar	seminar
seminary	seminari
semiotics	semiotik
senate	senat
senator	senator
send	ngirim
sender	pangirim
senescence	senescence
senile	senile
senior	senior
seniority	senioritas
senor	senor
senorita	senorita
sensation	sensasi
sensational	sensasional
sense	pangertèn
senseless	bodho
senses	pikiran
sensibility	sensibilitas
sensible	nyoto
sensibly	sensibly
sensitive	sensitif
sensitivity	sensitivitas
sensor	sensor
sensory	sensori
sensual	sensual
sensuality	sensualitas
sensuous	sensuous
sentence	ukara
sentencing	ukuman
sentient	sentient
sentiment	sentimen
sentimental	sentimental
sentimentality	sentimen
sentinel	sentinel
sentry	sentry
separable	bisa dipisahake
separate	kapisah
separately	kapisah
separation	misah
separatist	separatis
sepia	sepia
sepsis	sepsis
sept	sept
septic	septic
septum	septum
sequel	terusan
sequence	urutan
sequent	urutan
sequestered	diasingake
sequestration	sequestration
serenade	serenade
serendipity	serendipity
serene	tenang
serenity	serenity
sergeant	sergeant
serial	serial
serialize	serialize
series	seri
serif	serif
serious	serius
seriousness	serius
sermon	khotbah
serpent	ula
serpentine	serpentine
serrated	serrated
serum	serum
servant	abdi dalem
serve	ngawula
server	server
service	layanan
serviceable	serviceable
servile	servile
servitude	servitude
sesame	sesame
sess	NO TRANSLATION
session	sesi
sessions	sesi
set	nyetel
setback	mundur
sett	NO TRANSLATION
setter	setter
settle	dumunung
settled	ditetepake
settlement	pemukiman
settler	wong liyo
settlor	angger
setup	persiyapan
seven	pitu
seventeen	pitulas
seventh	kaping pitu
seventy	pitung puluh
sever	sever
severable	severable
severally	sithik
severance	severance
severe	abot
severely	banget
severity	keruwetan
sew	jahitan
sewage	limbah
sewer	sewer
sewerage	sewerage
sewing	sewing
sex	jinis
sexist	sexist
sexual	seksual
sexuality	seksualitas
sexy	seksi
shabby	apik banget
shack	shack
shackle	shackle
shade	iyub
shades	mbandingake
shading	shading
shadow	Shadow
shadowy	shadowy
shady	ngantuk
shaft	batang
shag	shag
shaggy	shaggy
shake	goyangake
shakedown	ngguyu
shaken	goyang
shaker	shaker
shaking	goyang
shaky	shaky
shall	bakal
shallow	cethek
shallows	cetha
sham	sham
shaman	dhukun
shambles	ngguyu
shame	malu
shamed	isin
shameful	isin
shameless	ora duwe isin
shampoo	sampo
shanghai	shanghai
shank	shank
shanty	shanty
shape	wujud
shapely	shapely
shard	shard
share	bareng
shareholder	shareholder
sharing	andum
shark	hiu
sharp	cetha
sharpen	ngasah
sharpened	sharpened
sharpener	sharpener
sharpness	ketajaman
sharpshooter	sharpshooter
shatter	ngeculake
shattered	sirna
shattering	mbebayani
shave	cukur
shaver	cukur
shaving	cukur
shawl	selendang
sheaf	wedhus
shear	nyukur
shears	shears
sheath	sarung
sheathing	sheathing
shed	ngeculake
sheen	sheen
sheep	wedhus
sheepdog	sheepdog
sheepish	wedhus
sheer	banget
sheet	lembaran
sheik	sheik
shelf	panci
shell	cangkang
shellfish	kerang
shelling	shelling
shelter	papan perlindungan
sheltered	sheltered
shelters	papan perlindungan
shelved	shelved
shepherd	bocah angon
sherbet	sherbet
sheriff	sheriff
sherry	sherry
shield	tameng
shift	shift
shifting	owah-owahan
shifty	shifty
shilling	shilling
shimmer	shimmer
shimmering	shimmering
shimmy	shimmy
shin	shin
shindig	shindig
shine	sumunar
shiner	shiner
shingle	shingle
shining	sumringah
shiny	mengilap
ship	kapal
shipment	kiriman
shipping	shipping
shipshape	shipshape
shipwreck	shipwreck
shipyard	galangan kapal
shire	shire
shirt	klambi
shit	taek
shitday	NO TRANSLATION
shitfaced	shitfaced
shithead	shithead
shitless	shitless
shitload	shitload
shittest	NO TRANSLATION
shitty	shitty
shiver	Manginggil
shivering	ngguyu
shoals	shoals
shock	kejut
shocked	kaget
shocker	kejutan
shocking	nggegirisi
shockingly	nggegirisi
shoddy	apik banget
shoe	sepatu
shoelace	tali sikil
shoemaker	shoemaker
shoes	sepatu
shoeshine	shoeshine
shook	guncang
shoot	njupuk
shooter	penembak
shooting	shooting
shootout	shootout
shop	toko
shopkeeper	toko
shoplifter	shoplifter
shoplifting	Shoplifting
shopper	shopper
shopping	shopping
shore	pantai
shoreline	garis pantai
shorn	cemlorot
short	cekak
short story	crita cekak
shortage	kekurangan
shortcake	shortcake
shortcoming	kekurangan
shortcut	trabasan
shorten	shorten
shortening	shortening
shorthand	shorthand
shortly	sakcepete
shortness	cekak
shorts	celana pendek
shortstop	shortstop
shortwave	shortwave
shot	dijupuk
shotgun	shotgun
shoulder	pundhak
shout	bengok
shove	shove
shovel	shovel
shoveling	shoveling
show	tampilake
showbiz	Nuwun
showboat	showboat
showcase	pertunjukan
showdown	gelaran
shower	pancuran
showgirl	showgirl
showing	nuduhake
showoff	showoff
showroom	showroom
showy	showy
shrapnel	shrapnel
shred	shred
shrew	shrew
shrewd	apik banget
shriek	shriek
shrill	shrill
shrimp	udang
shrine	candhi
shrink	nyilikake
shrinking	nyusut
shrivel	kurang ajar
shroud	shroud
shrub	shrub
shrubbery	shrubbery
shrug	shrug
shrunk	nyebar
shrunken	shrunken
shudder	ngguyu
shuddering	shuddering
shuffle	shuffle
shuffleboard	shuffleboard
shuffling	shuffling
shun	shun
shunned	ngalih
shunt	shunt
shut	meneng
shutdown	mati
shuteye	NO TRANSLATION
shutit	NO TRANSLATION
shutter	rana
shuttle	pesawat ulang-alik
shutup	NO TRANSLATION
shy	isin
shyness	shyness
shyster	kaya mangkene
sib	NO TRANSLATION
sibling	sibling
sic	sic
sick	lara
sickbay	sickbay
sicken	sicken
sickening	sickening
sickle	sickle
sickly	sakit
sickness	penyakit
side	sisih
sidearm	sidearm
sidebar	sidebar
sideboard	sideboard
sideburns	cedhak
sidecar	sidecar
sidekick	sidekick
sideline	sideline
sideshow	sideshow
sidestep	sidestep
sidewalk	trotoar
sideways	miring
sidewinder	sidewinder
siege	pengepungan
siesta	siesta
sieve	sieve
sift	sift
sifting	sifting
sigh	sigh
sight	nggoleki
sighting	nonton
sightseeing	nyawang
sigma	sigma
sign	tandha
signal	sinyal
signature	teken
significance	pinunjul
significant	pinunjul
signification	tegese
signify	tegese
signpost	tandha
silence	bisu
silencer	silencer
silent	bisu
silently	meneng
silhouette	siluet
silicon	silicon
silicone	silikon
silk	sutra
silken	silken
silky	silky
sill	sill
silliness	silliness
silly	silly
silo	silo
silt	silt
silver	perak
silverware	perak
silvery	silvery
similar	padha
similarity	mirip
simile	NO TRANSLATION
simmer	simmer
simmering	simmering
simple	prasaja
simples	NO TRANSLATION
simpleton	gampang banget
simplicity	gamblang
simplify	nyederakake
simplistic	simplistic
simply	mung
simulate	simulasi
simulated	simulasi
simulating	simulasi
simulation	simulasi
simulator	simulator
simultaneous	simultaneous
simultaneously	bebarengan karo
sin	NO TRANSLATION
sincere	tulus
sincerity	sinceritas
sinful	dosa
sing	sing
singer	penyanyi
singing	singing
single	tunggal
singly	singly
singular	singular
singularity	singularitas
singularly	singularly
sinister	sinister
sink	sink
sinker	sinker
sinking	sinking
sinner	dosa
sinning	nglakoni dosa
sinus	sinus
sip	sip
siphon	siphon
sipping	sipping
sir	sir
sire	sire
siren	sirene
sirloin	sirloin
sissy	sissy
sister	adhine
sisterhood	sisterhood
sit	njagong
sitcom	sitkom
site	situs
sith	sith
sitter	pengasuh
sitting	lungguh
situate	situate
situated	dumunung
situation	kahanan
six	enem
sixpence	sixpence
sixteen	nembelas
sixth	kaping nem
sixty	sewidak
sizable	cukup gedhe
size	ukuran
sizzle	sizzle
ska	NO TRANSLATION
skate	skate
skateboard	skateboard
skater	skater
skating	olahraga
skedaddle	skedaddle
skeet	skeet
skein	skein
skeletal	skeletal
skeleton	balung
skeptic	mamang
skeptical	mamang
skepticism	skeptisisme
sketch	gambar
sketching	sketching
sketchy	sketchy
skewed	skewed
skewer	skewer
ski	ski
skid	skid
skier	skier
skiff	skiff
skiing	ski
skijump	NO TRANSLATION
skill	skill
skilled	trampil
skillet	skillet
skillful	skillful
skim	skim
skimpy	skimpy
skin	kulit
skinny	ceking
skip	lumpati
skipper	skipper
skirmish	skirmish
skirt	rok
skirting	skirting
skirts	rok
skit	skit
skittish	skittish
skull	tengkorak
skunk	skunk
sky	langit
skylight	skylight
skyline	skyline
skyscraper	pencakar langit
slab	papan
slack	slack
slag	slag
slam	slam
slammer	slammer
slander	slander
slanderous	nyenyamah
slang	slang
slant	slant
slap	tamparan
slash	slash
slashes	slashes
slate	slate
slates	slates
slaughter	nyembeleh
slaughterhouse	nyembelih
slaughtering	nyembelih
slave	wong lanang
slavery	perbudakan
slay	mateni
slayer	slayer
sleaze	sleaze
sleazy	sleazy
sled	NO TRANSLATION
sledding	sledding
sledge	sledge
sledgehammer	sledgehammer
sleek	ayu
sleep	turu
sleeper	sleeper
sleeping	turu
sleepless	ngantuk
sleeplessness	sleeplessness
sleepover	turu
sleepy	ngantuk
sleepyhead	ngantuk
sleet	sleet
sleeve	lengan
sleeveless	sleeveless
sleigh	sleigh
sleight	sleight
slender	langsing
sleuth	sleuth
slice	irisan
slick	apik banget
slicker	slicker
slide	geser
slider	slider
sliding	ngusap
slight	tipis
slight anticipation	antepsi tipis
slight disgust	kurang ajar
slight surprise	sithik banget
slight trust	kepercayaan cilik
slightly	rada
slightly negative	rada negatif
slightly positive	rada positif
slim	slim
slime	slime
slimy	slimy
sling	sling
slingshot	slingshot
slink	slink
slinky	slinky
slip	slip
slipper	sandal
slippers	sandal
slippery	licik
slit	irisan
sliver	sliver
slob	slob
slobber	slobber
slogan	slogan
sloop	sloop
slop	NO TRANSLATION
slope	slope
sloppy	ora apik
slot	slot
sloth	sloth
slouch	slouch
slough	slough
slow	alon
slowly	alon
slowness	slamet
sludge	sludge
slug	slug
slugger	slugger
sluggish	sluggish
sluice	sluice
slum	slum
slumber	slamet
slump	slump
slur	slur
slurp	slurp
slush	slush
slut	slut
slutty	slutty
sly	sly
smack	smack
small	cilik
smaller	luwih cilik
smallest	paling cilik
smallpox	cacar
smart	pinter
smartass	smartass
smarten	smarten
smarty	smarty
smash	smash
smashed	smashed
smattering	smattering
smear	smear
smell	mambu
smelling	smelling
smelly	smelly
smelt	smelt
smidgen	smidgen
smile	eseman
smiled	mesem
smiles	mesem
smiley	smiley
smiling	esem
smirk	smirk
smite	nyenyet
smith	smith
smithereens	smithereens
smitten	smitten
smock	smock
smog	smog
smoke	kumelun
smoker	perokok
smokey	smokey
smoking	udud
smoky	smoky
smoldering	smoldering
smooch	smooch
smooth	Gamelan
smoothie	smoothie
smoothly	lancar
smoothness	lancar
smother	nyenyet
smudge	smudge
smug	smug
smuggle	smuggle
smuggler	smuggler
smuggling	smuggling
smut	smut
snack	cemilan
snacks	cemilan
snafu	snafu
snag	snag
snags	snags
snail	kéwan
snake	snake
snakes	ula
snakeskin	snakeskin
snap	snap
snapper	snapper
snappy	snappy
snapshot	snapshot
snare	snare
snarl	snarl
snarling	snarling
snatch	entuk
snatcher	snatcher
snazzy	snazzy
sneak	nyelinep
sneaker	sneaker
sneakers	sneaker
sneaking	sneaking
sneaky	sneaky
sneer	sneer
sneeze	sneeze
sneezing	sneezing
snicker	snicker
snide	snide
sniff	sniff
snip	snip
snipe	snipe
sniper	sniper
snippet	snippet
snippy	snippy
snitch	snitch
snob	sengit
snoop	snoop
snoopy	snoopy
snooty	snooty
snooze	tundha
snore	nyuwek
snorkel	snorkel
snort	snort
snot	kandhane
snotty	snotty
snout	snout
snow	salju
snowball	salju
snowboard	snowboard
snowboarder	snowboarder
snowday	salju
snowfall	salju
snowflake	salju
snowing	udan salju
snowmageddon	snowmageddon
snowman	salju
snowplow	salju
snowstorm	salju
snowy	salju
snub	snub
snubbed	snubbed
snuff	snuff
snug	snug
snuggle	snuggle
snuggled	snuggled
snuggles	snuggles
snuggling	snuggling
soak	rendhem
soaked	direndhem
soaking	soaking
soangry	NO TRANSLATION
soannoyed	NO TRANSLATION
soap	sinetron
soapbox	soapbox
soapy	soapy
soar	nyedhaki
soaring	nglonjak
sob	NO TRANSLATION
sober	sober
soblessed	NO TRANSLATION
sobriety	sobriety
soc	soc
soccer	bal-balan
sociable	sociable
social	sosial
socialanxiety	NO TRANSLATION
socialism	sosialisme
socialist	sosialis
socialite	sosialite
socialize	sosialisasi
society	masyarakat
sociology	sosiologi
sociopath	sociopath
sock	sock
socket	soket
sod	sod
soda	soda
soda/pop	soda / pop
sodding	sodding
sodium	sodium
sofa	sofa
soft	alus
softball	softball
soften	soften
softener	pelembut
softening	softening
softly	lirih
softness	kelembutan
software	piranti lunak
soggy	soggy
sohappy	sohappy
soil	lemah
soiled	soiled
soiree	soiree
sojourn	manggon
solace	solace
solar	solar
solarium	solarium
solder	solder
soldering	soldering
soldier	prajurit
sole	tunggal
solemn	solemn
solicit	ngumpulna
solicitation	solicitation
solicitor	solicitor
solid	ngalangi
solidarity	solidaritas
solidification	solidification
solidified	solidified
solidify	solidify
solidity	soliditas
solitaire	solitaire
solitary	sedhengan
solitude	kesepian
solo	solo
solubility	solubility
soluble	telat
solucky	solucky
solution	solusi
solve	ngatasi
solvency	solvency
solvent	solvent
somad	NO TRANSLATION
somatic	somatic
somber	somber
some anticipation	sawetara antisipasi
some disgust	sawetara disgust
some surprise	sawetara surprise
some trust	sawetara dipercaya
somersault	somersault
somethingigetalot	NO TRANSLATION
somewhat negative	Luwih negatif
somewhat positive	Luwih positif
somuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
son	putra
sonar	sonar
sonata	sonata
sonervous	NO TRANSLATION
song	lagu
songwriter	penulis lagu
sonic	sonic
sonice	NO TRANSLATION
sonnet	sonnet
sonorous	sonorous
soot	soot
soothe	soothe
soothing	nyenengake
sophisticated	canggih
sophistication	kecanggihan
sophomore	sophomore
sopissed	NO TRANSLATION
soppy	soppy
soprano	soprano
sorcerer	tukang sihir
sorcery	sorcery
sordid	sordid
sore	sore
soready	soready
sorely	banget
soreness	soreness
sorghum	sorghum
sorority	sorority
sorrow	nelongso
sorrowful	sedhih
sorry	nuwun
sort	Urut
sorter	NO TRANSLATION
sortie	NO TRANSLATION
sorting	ngurutake
sos	NO TRANSLATION
soscared	sengsara
soscary	soscary
soslow	tegese
sostressed	NO TRANSLATION
sosweet	sosweet
sothankful	NO TRANSLATION
sou	NO TRANSLATION
soul	nyawa
soulful	nyenengake
soulless	soulless
soulmate	soulmate
sound	swara
sounding	nyuworo
soundness	soundness
soundproof	soundproof
soundtrack	soundtrack
soup	sup
sour	ora gampang
source	sumber
sourpuss	sourpuss
south	sisih kidul
southbound	sisih kidul
southeast	sisih kidul
southern	kidul
southpaw	southpaw
southwest	sisih kidul
souvenir	souvenir
sovereign	berdaulat
sovereignty	kadhaulatan
soviet	soviet
sow	sow
soy	soy
soy sauce	soy sauce
soybean	kedele
spa	spa
space	panggonan
spacecraft	spacecraft
spaceman	spaceman
spaceship	spaceship
spacing	spasi
spacious	wiyar
spade	spade
spaghetti	spageti
spam	spam
spammers	spammers
span	NO TRANSLATION
spandex	spandex
spaniel	spaniel
spank	nggoleki
spanking	spanking
spar	spar
spare	nyisakke
spareribs	spareribs
sparingly	sparingly
spark	spark
sparkle	cemlorot
sparkling	sparkling
sparkly	sparkly
sparring	sparring
sparrow	sparrow
sparse	jarang
spasm	spasm
spastic	spastic
spat	spat
spatial	spasial
spatter	spatter
spatula	spatula
spawn	spawn
spaz	spaz
speak	ngomongake
speakeasy	speakeasy
speaker	speaker
speakerphone	speakerphone
speaking	ngandika
spear	tumbak
spec	spec
special	khusus
specialist	spesialis
speciality	khususe
specialize	NO TRANSLATION
specially	khusus
specialty	khususe
specie	NO TRANSLATION
species	spesies
specific	tartamtu
specification	spesifikasi
specify	nemtokake
specimen	spesimen
speck	speck
speckled	speckled
specs	spek
spectacle	tontonan
spectacles	tontonan
spectacular	biasa
spectator	penonton
specter	mamang
spectral	spektral
spectrometer	spektrometer
spectrophotometer	spektrofotometer
spectroscopy	spektroskopi
spectrum	spektrum
speculate	speculate
speculation	spekulasi
speculative	spekulasi
speculum	mirsani
speech	wicara
speechless	ujar
speed	kacepetan
speedboat	speedboat
speedily	kanthi cepet
speeding	nyepetake
speedometer	speedometer
speedway	speedway
speedy	cepet
spell	Nulis
spellbound	spellbound
spelling	Ejaan
spencer	spencer
spend	nglampahi
spender	spender
spending	mbuwang
spent	ngginakaken
sperm	sperma
spew	spew
sphere	bola
spherical	spherical
sphincter	sphincter
sphinx	sphinx
spic	spik
spice	rempah-rempah
spicy	pedhes
spider	laba-laba
spiders	laba-laba
spiffy	spiffy
spigot	spigot
spike	Spike
spiked	spiked
spiky	spiky
spill	tumpah
spillin	NO TRANSLATION
spin	muter
spinach	bayem
spinal	balung mburi
spindle	spindle
spine	utomo
spineless	spineless
spinner	spinner
spinning	spinning
spinster	spinster
spiny	spiny
spiral	spiral
spire	spire
spirit	roh
spirited	spirited
spirits	roh
spiritual	rohani
spirituality	spiritualitas
spit	ngidoni
spite	nyatane
spiteful	nyengir
spitfire	spitfire
spittoon	spittoon
splash	splash
splat	splat
splatter	splatter
spleen	limpa
splendid	apik banget
splendor	kaluwihan
splice	sambatan
spline	spline
splint	splint
splinter	splinter
split	pamisah
splitting	pamisahan
splurge	splurge
spoil	spoil
spoiler	spoiler
spoiling	spoiling
spoils	spoils
spoke	ngandika
spoken	ngandika
spokesman	juru wicara
spokesperson	juru wicara
sponge	Gabus
spongy	spongy
sponsor	Sponsor
sponsorship	sponsor
spontaneity	spontaneitas
spontaneous	spontan
spoof	spoof
spook	spook
spooky	medheni
spool	spool
spoon	sendok
spoonful	spoonful
sporadic	sporadis
spore	spore
sport	olahraga
sporting	olahraga
sports	olahraga
sports car	mobil sport
sportsman	Olahragawan
sportsmanship	Olahragawan
sportswriter	sportswriter
sporty	olahraga
spot	titik
spotless	spotless
spotlight	sinetron
spotted	katon
spotter	spotter
spotty	spotty
spousal	spousal
spouse	pasangan
spout	spout
sprain	sprain
sprawl	sprawl
spray	semprotan
spread	nyebar
spreader	panyebar
spree	spree
spring	spring
springtime	springtime
sprinkle	sprinkle
sprinkler	sprinkler
sprinkling	sprinkling
sprint	cepet-cepet
sprite	sprite
sprout	sprout
spruce	minterake
spud	spud
spunk	spunk
spunky	spunky
spur	spur
spurious	palsu
spurred	spurred
spurt	spurt
spy	spy
squabble	squabble
squad	regu
squadron	squadron
squall	squall
squamous	squamous
squander	squander
square	kothak
squash	squash
squat	squat
squatter	squatter
squaw	squaw
squawk	squawk
squeak	squeak
squeaky	squeaky
squeal	squeal
squealer	squealer
squeamish	squeamish
squeeze	remet
squeezing	squeezing
squelch	squelch
squid	cumi
squint	squint
squire	squire
squirm	squirm
squirrel	bajing
squirt	nggoleki
squish	squish
squishy	squishy
stab	stab
stabbed	dicekel
stability	stabilitas
stabilize	stabilake
stabilizer	stabilizer
stable	stabil
staccato	staccato
stack	tumpukan
stadium	stadion
staff	staf
stag	stag
stage	panggung
stagecoach	stagecoach
stagehand	stagehand
stagger	stagger
staggering	staggering
stagnant	stagnant
stagnation	stagnasi
staid	staid
stain	noda
stained	diarani
stainless	stainless
stair	stair
staircase	staircase
stairs	undhak-undhakan
stairway	stairway
stairwell	stairwell
stake	saham
stakeout	kepentingan
stale	stale
stalemate	stalemate
stalk	stalk
stalker	stalker
stall	warung
stallion	stallion
stalls	warung
stalwart	stalwart
stamina	tenogo
stamp	cap
stampede	stampede
stance	sikap
stand	ngadeg
standard	standar
standardize	standardisasi
standardized	standar
standby	siyaga
standing	ngadeg
standoff	standoff
standpoint	sudut pandang
standstill	standstill
standup	standup
stanza	stanza
staph	staph
staple	pokok
stapler	stapler
star	lintang
star fruit	woh bintang
starboard	starboard
starch	pati
stardom	stardom
stardust	stardust
stare	nonton
starfish	starfish
stargazing	stargazing
staring	ngguyu
stark	stark
starlet	starlet
starlight	lintang
starling	starling
starry	starry
stars	bintang
starship	starship
start	miwiti
starter	wiwitan
startle	miwiti
startled	wiwit
startling	nggegirisi
starvation	keluwen
starve	keluwen
starved	keluwen
starving	keluwen
stash	stash
stat	stat
state	negara
stately	megah
statement	statement
stateroom	stateroom
stateside	nyatakake
statesman	negarawan
static	statis
staticky	NO TRANSLATION
statics	statis
station	stasiun
stationary	piranti nulis
stationery	alat tulis
statistic	statistik
statistical	statistik
statistician	statistika
stator	stator
statuary	statuary
statue	patung
statuette	statuette
stature	sumringah
status	status
statute	statute
statutory	statutory
staunch	staunch
stave	stave
stay	tinggal
stayaway	NO TRANSLATION
stayed	manggon
stays	tetep
stead	tegese
steadfast	tegese
steady	mantep
steak	steak
steakhouse	steak
steal	nyolong
stealing	nyolong
stealth	siluman
stealthily	stealthily
stealthy	stealthy
steam	uap
steamboat	steamboat
steamer	steamer
steaming	steaming
steamroller	steamroller
steamship	steamship
steamy	akeh
steel	baja
steep	jangkep
steeple	steeple
steer	kemudi
steering	kemudi
stellar	lintang
stem	stem
stench	stench
stencil	stencil
stenographer	stenographer
step	langkah
stepdaughter	stepdaughter
stepfather	stepfather
stepmother	ibu tirine
steppe	steppe
steps	langkah-langkah
stepson	stepson
stereo	stereo
stereoscopic	stereoskopis
stereotype	stereotype
stereotyped	stereotyped
sterile	steril
sterility	steril
sterilize	sterilize
sterling	sterling
stern	buritan
sternum	sternum
steroid	steroid
stethoscope	stethoscope
stew	godhok
steward	steward
stewardess	pramugari
stewardship	stewardship
stfu	stfu
stick	kelet
sticker	stiker
sticking	nekat
stickler	stickler
stickup	lengket
sticky	lengket
stiff	kaku
stiffen	kaku
stiffness	kaku
stifle	stifle
stifled	stifled
stifling	nyenyet
stigma	stigma
stile	NO TRANSLATION
stiletto	stiletto
stillbirth	mati urip
stillborn	mati
stillness	keslametan
stillwaiting	NO TRANSLATION
stilts	stilts
stimulant	stimulan
stimulate	ngrangsang
stimulating	nyemangati
stimulation	stimulasi
stimulus	rangsangan
sting	nyengat
stinger	stinger
stinging	stinging
stingy	stingy
stink	bau
stinker	stinker
stinking	stinking
stinky	stinky
stint	stint
stipend	stipend
stipulate	nyedhiyakake
stipulation	stipulation
stir	nglakokake
stirring	aduk
stitch	nggawe
stitching	jahitan
stock	Simpenan
stockade	stockade
stockbroker	Simpenan
stockholder	nyekel saham
stocking	stocking
stockings	stockings
stockpile	stockpile
stockroom	stok
stocks	saham
stoic	stoic
stole	nyolong
stolen	dicolong
stomach	weteng
stomachache	weteng
stomp	stomp
stomped	stomped
stone	watu
stoned	dibenturi watu
stonewall	stonewall
stoneware	stoneware
stony	stony
stooge	stooge
stool	dhingklik
stools	dhingklik
stoop	stoop
stoopid	stoopid
stop	mandheg
stopover	sedhela
stoppage	stoppage
stopper	stopper
stopping	nolak
stopwatch	stopwatch
storage	Lumbung
store	nyimpen
storefront	storefront
storehouse	gudang
storeroom	gudang
storing	nyimpen
storm	badai
storming	nyerang
stormy	badhe
story	crita
storybook	buku cerita
storyteller	nyritakake
storytelling	crita
stound	stound
stout	stout
stove	kompor
stow	stow
stowaway	stowaway
straddle	kakehan
straight	sakcara langsung
straighten	straighten
straightforward	straightforward
straightway	langsung
strain	galur
strained	strained
strait	selat
straitjacket	straitjacket
straits	selat
strand	untaian
stranded	terdampar
strange	aneh
stranger	wong liyo
strangle	nyuwek
strangulation	strangulation
strap	tali
strapless	strapless
strapping	strapping
strata	strata
strategic	strategis
strategist	ahli strategi
strategy	strategi
stratification	stratifikasi
stratosphere	stratosphere
stratum	stratum
stratus	stratus
straw	jerami
strawberry	Stroberi
stray	sumelang
streak	garis
streaked	cecek
stream	stream
streamer	streamer
streaming	streaming
streamline	Streamline
street	dalan
streetcar	lenggok
streetlight	lampiran
strength	kekuatan
strengthen	nguatake
strengthening	nguatake
strenuous	banget
strep	strep
stress	kaku
stressed	ditekan
stresses	nandheske
stressfree	NO TRANSLATION
stressful	nyenengake
stressin	NO TRANSLATION
stressing	stressing
stressrelief	NO TRANSLATION
stretch	babagan
stretcher	trowongan
stricken	stricken
strict	ketat
stride	mlaku
strife	tandhingane
strike	serangan
strikeout	strikeout
striker	striker
striking	striking
strikingly	strikingly
string	senar
strings	senar
stringy	stringy
strip	Strip
stripe	garis
striped	belang
stripped	diudani
stripper	stripper
striptease	striptease
strive	usaha
strobe	strobe
stroke	stroke
stroll	stroll
stroller	stroller
strolling	strolling
strong	kuwat
stronghold	benteng
strongly	banget
structural	struktural
structure	struktur
strudel	strudel
struggle	perjuangan
strut	strut
stub	stub
stubbed	stubbed
stubble	stubble
stubborn	degung
stubbornness	stubbornness
stubby	stubby
stucco	stucco
stuck	macet
stuckup	NO TRANSLATION
stud	kandang jaran
studded	sing ditrima
student	siswa
studied	sinau
studio	studio
study	sinau
stuff	kuwi
stuffed animal	diiseni kewan
stuffing	stuffing
stuffy	stuffy
stumble	kesandhung
stump	stump
stumped	stumped
stun	stun
stunned	ngguyu
stunner	stunner
stunning	nggumunke
stunt	ngalang-ngalangi
stunted	stunted
stuntman	stuntman
stupefaction	stupefaction
stupefy	stupefy
stupendous	paling apik
stupid	bodho
stupidity	kabodhoan
stupidpeople	NO TRANSLATION
stupidrain	NO TRANSLATION
stupor	stupor
sturdy	kuat
sturgeon	sturgeon
stutter	goyang
sty	sty
style	gaya
styling	gaya
stylish	apik banget
stylist	stylist
suave	suave
sub	sub
subatomic	subatomic
subcommittee	subcommittee
subconscious	subconscious
subcutaneous	subkutan
subdivide	subdivide
subdivision	subdivision
subduction	subduction
subdue	subdue
subdued	subdued
subdural	subdural
subito	NO TRANSLATION
subject	subyek
subjected	subyek
subjection	kepeksa
subjective	subyektif
subjugation	subjugation
sublet	sublet
sublevel	sublevel
sublimation	sublimasi
sublime	luhur
subliminal	subliminal
submarine	submarine
submerge	submerge
submerged	submerged
submersible	submersible
submission	pengajuan
submissive	submissive
submit	Kirim
submitting	ngajokake
subordinate	subordinate
subordination	subordination
subplot	subplot
subpoena	subpoena
subscribe	langganan
subscriber	langganan
subscription	langganan
subsequence	sakteruse
subsequent	sakteruse
subsequently	salajengipun
subservient	subservient
subset	subset
subside	subside
subsidence	subsidence
subsidiary	anak perusahaan
subsidize	subsidi
subsidy	subsidi
subsist	subsist
subsistence	subsistence
subsoil	subsoil
subspace	subspace
substance	inti
substandard	substandard
substantial	substansial
substantially	banget
substantiate	substantiate
substantive	substantive
substation	Penggilingan
substitute	ngganti
substituted	diganti
substitution	penggantian
substructure	substruktur
subterranean	subterranean
subtext	subteks
subtitle	subtitle
subtle	subtle
subtlety	subtlety
subtract	nyuda
subtraction	pangurangan
subtype	subtipe
suburb	suburb
suburban	suburban
suburbia	suburbia
suburbs	suburbs
subversion	subversion
subversive	subversive
subvert	subvert
subway	subway
succeed	kasil
succeeding	ngganti
success	sukses
successful	sukses
succession	suksesi
successive	sukses
successor	penerus
succinct	succinct
succubus	succubus
succulent	succulent
succumb	succumb
suck	nyedhot
sucker	bajingan
sucking	ngisep
suckling	suckling
sucks	nyedot
suction	nyedhot
sudden	dadakan
suddenly	dumadakan
suds	suds
sue	Sue
suede	suede
suffer	nandhang sangsara
sufferer	sufferer
suffering	gerah
suffice	cukup
sufficiency	cekap
sufficient	cekap
sufficiently	cekap
suffix	sufiks
suffocate	suffocate
suffocating	suffocating
suffocation	suffocation
sugar	gula
suggest	suggest
suggestion	saran
suggestive	sugih
suicidal	suicidal
suicide	suicide
suicidebombing	NO TRANSLATION
suit	setelan
suitable	cocok
suitcase	koper
suite	suite
suitor	suitor
sulfate	sulfat
sulfur	belerang
sulk	sulk
sullen	sullen
sully	sully
sulphur	belerang
sultan	sultan
sultry	sultry
sum	cacahe
summarily	summarily
summarize	ngringkes
summary	ringkesan
summation	summation
summer	panas
summerhouse	summerhouse
summertime	Summertime
summit	puncak
summon	summon
summons	panggilan
sumo	sumo
sump	sump
sumptuous	sumptuous
sun	srengenge
sunbeam	sunbeam
sunburn	sunburn
sundae	sundae
sunday	sunday
sundial	sundial
sundown	sundown
sundry	sundry
sunflower	kembang srengenge
sunglass	sunglass
sunglasses	kacamata hitam
sunk	turu
sunken	sunken
sunless	sunyi
sunlight	sinar matahari
sunny	panas
sunrise	sunrise
sunroof	sunroof
sunscreen	sunscreen
sunset	srengenge
sunshine	srengenge
suntan	suntan
sunup	sunup
sup	sup
super	super
superannuation	superannuation
superb	paling apik
superficial	superficial
superfluous	superfluous
superhero	superhero
superhuman	superhuman
superimposed	superimposed
superintendent	superintendent
superior	unggul
superiority	unggul
superlative	superlatif
superman	superman
supermarket	supermarket
supermodel	supermodel
supernatant	supernatant
supernatural	super alami
supernova	supernova
superposition	superposisi
superpower	superpower
supersede	supersede
superstar	superstar
superstition	superstition
superstitious	superstitious
superstore	superstore
supervise	ngawasi
supervision	pengawasan
supervisor	pengawas
supper	mangan
suppertime	suppertime
supplant	supplant
supple	supple
supplement	tambahan
supplemental	tambahan
supplementary	tambahan
supplication	supplication
supplier	Supplier
supplies	pasokan
supply	pasokan
support	nyokong
supported	didhukung
supporter	suporter
supporters	pendukung
supporting	ndhukung
supportive	nyengkuyung
suppose	kudune
supposed	mesthine
supposing	supoyo
supposition	supposition
suppress	nyegah
suppression	panahan
supremacy	supremacy
supreme	paling dhuwur
supremely	supremely
surcharge	surcharge
sure	manawa
surety	surety
surf	Surf
surface	permukaan
surfboard	surfboard
surfer	surfer
surge	mundhak
surgeon	bedah
surgery	surgery
surgical	bedah
surly	surly
surmise	surmise
surname	surname
surpassing	ngluwihi
surplus	surplus
surprise	kejutan
surprised	kaget
surprises	surprises
surprising	kaget
surprisingly	kaget
surreal	surreal
surrender	nyerahke
surrendering	nyerah
surrogate	surrogate
surround	surround
surrounding	lingkungan
surroundings	lingkungan
surveillance	ndjogo
survey	survey
surveying	surveying
surveyor	surveyor
survival	kaslametan
survive	urip
surviving	urip
survivor	nylametake
susceptibility	kelemahan
susceptible	susceptible
sushi	sushi
suspect	Suspect
suspected	Suspect
suspend	nahan
suspended	ditrapake
suspenders	suspenders
suspense	ketegangan
suspension	penundaan
suspicion	anggepan
suspicions	suspect
suspicious	curiga
sustain	nyonggo
sustained	tetep
sustenance	rejekine
suture	suture
suv	suv
sux	NO TRANSLATION
swab	swab
swag	swag
swagger	swagger
swallow	ngulu
swami	swami
swamp	swamp
swamped	swamped
swampy	swampy
swan	swan
swank	swank
swap	swap
swarm	swarm
swarming	swarming
swastika	swastika
swat	swat
sway	sway
swear	sumpah
swearing	sumpah
sweat	kringet
sweater	sweater
sweating	sweating
sweatshirt	sweatshirt
sweatshop	sweatshop
sweaty	sweaty
sweep	nyapu
sweeper	penyapu
sweeping	nyapu
sweet	manis
sweeten	sweeten
sweetened	sweetened
sweetener	sweetener
sweetest	paling manis
sweetheart	gendhakan
sweetie	sweetie
sweetness	manis
sweets	permen
swell	swell
swelling	bengkak
sweltering	sweltering
swerve	swerve
swift	swift
swiftly	swiftly
swig	swig
swill	swill
swim	nglangi
swimmer	swimmer
swimming	nglangi
swimsuit	renang
swindle	nyolong
swindler	swindler
swine	babi
swing	ayunan
swinger	swinger
swinging	ngayunke
swipe	gesek
swirl	swirl
swish	swish
switch	ngalih
switchblade	switchblade
switchboard	switchboard
swivel	swivel
swollen	bengkak
swoon	swoon
swoop	swoop
sword	pedhang
swordfish	jebule
swordplay	swordplay
swordsman	pedhang
sycamore	sycamore
syllable	syllable
syllabus	silabus
symbiotic	simbiosis
symbol	simbol
symbolic	simbolis
symbolically	simbolis
symbolism	simbolisme
symbolize	nglambangake
symmetric	simetris
symmetrical	simetris
symmetry	simetri
sympathetic	simpatik
sympathize	simpati
sympathy	simpati
symphonic	simfoni
symphony	symphony
symposium	simposium
symptom	gejala
symptomatic	gejala
synagogue	papan pangibadah
synapse	synapse
synaptic	synaptic
sync	sinkron
synchronize	nyinkronake
synchronous	sinkron
syncope	kothak
syndicate	sindikat
syndrome	sindrom
synergistic	sinergis
synergy	sinergi
synod	synod
synonym	sinonim
synonymous	sinonim
synopsis	sinopsis
synoptic	sinoptik
syntax	sintaksis
synthesis	sintesis
synthesizer	synthesizer
synthetic	sintetik
syphilis	sifilis
syringe	syringe
syrup	sirup
system	sistem
systematic	sistematis
systematically	kanthi sistematis
t-shirt	t-shirt
tab	tab
tabasco	tabasco
tabby	tabby
tabernacle	kémah
table	Tabel
tableau	NO TRANSLATION
tablecloth	tablecloth
tablespoon	tablespoon
tablet	tablet
tableware	tableware
tabloid	tabloid
taboo	tabu
tabular	tabular
tabulate	tabulasi
tabulation	tabulasi
tachometer	tachometer
tacit	tacit
tack	tack
tackle	nyangkut
tackled	tackled
tackling	tackling
tacky	tacky
taco	taco
tact	tact
tactful	taktik
tactic	taktik
tactical	taktik
tactics	taktik
tactile	tactile
tad	NO TRANSLATION
tadpole	tadpole
taffeta	taffeta
taffy	taffy
tag	tag
tail	buntut
tailed	buntut
tailgate	tailgate
tailings	tailings
taillight	lampu latar
tailor	Ngatur
tailoring	nyetak
tailpipe	tailpipe
taint	taint
take	njupuk
takeoff	takeoff
takeout	takeout
takeover	takeover
taker	taker
talcum	talcum
tale	dongeng
talent	bakat
talented	bakat
talisman	talisman
talk	Dhiskusi
talkative	talkative
talker	talker
tall	dhuwur
tallies	dhuwur
tallow	dhuwur
tally	tally
talon	talon
talons	NO TRANSLATION
tambourine	tambourine
tame	NO TRANSLATION
tamer	tamer
taming	taming
tamper	tamper
tampon	tampon
tan	tan
tandem	tandem
tang	tang
tangent	tangent
tangerine	tangerine
tangible	tangible
tangle	tangle
tangled	tangled
tango	tango
tank	tank
tank top	tank Top
tanker	tanker
tanned	tanned
tantalizing	tantalizing
tantamount	tantamount
tantrum	tantrum
taoism	wongism
tap	tunyuk
tape	tape
tape measure	meteran
taper	taper
tapering	tapering
tapestry	tapestry
tapeworm	tapeworm
tapioca	tapioka
taps	nyebabake
tar	tar
tarantula	tarantula
tardiness	tardiness
tardy	tardy
target	target
targeted	target
targeting	targeting
tariff	tarif
tarmac	tarmac
tarnish	tarnish
tarot	tarot
tarp	NO TRANSLATION
tarry	tarry
tart	tart
tartan	tartan
tartar	tartar
task	tugas
tassel	tassel
taste	rasa
tasteful	apik banget
tasteless	tasteless
tasting	ngicipi
tasty	sedhep
tat	tat
tattler	tattler
tattletale	tattletale
tattoo	tato
taught	ngajar
taunt	ngguyu
taupe	taupe
taut	taut
tavern	tavern
tawdry	tawdry
tawny	tawny
tax	tax
taxed	kena pajak
taxi	mendhoan
taxicab	taxicab
taxonomy	taksonomi
taxpayer	wajib pajak
tea	teh
teach	ngajar
teacher	guru
teaching	ngajar
teacup	teacup
teahouse	teahouse
teal	teal
team	tim
teamjesus	NO TRANSLATION
teammate	teammate
teamwork	tim kerja
teapot	teapot
tear	luh
tearful	tearful
tearsofjoy	NO TRANSLATION
teary	teary
tease	nggodha
teaser	ngguyu
teasing	nggodha
teaspoon	sendok teh
teat	seneng
teatime	teatime
tech	tech
technical	technical
technicality	teknis
technician	teknisi
technique	teknik
techno	tekno
technological	teknologi
technology	teknologi
ted	ted
teddy bear	teddy bear
tedious	tedious
tedium	tedium
tee	tee
teeming	teeming
teen	remaja
teenage	remaja
teenager	remaja
teens	remaja
teensy	teensy
teeny	teeny
teeth	untu
teething	teething
teflon	teflon
telegram	telegram
telegraph	telegraph
telekinesis	telekinesis
telemetry	telemetri
telepathic	telepati
telepathy	telepati
telephone	telpon
telescope	teleskop
telescopic	teleskopik
telethon	telethon
teletype	teletype
televised	televised
television	televisi
tell	nyritakake
teller	Teller
telling	nyariyosaken
telltale	sakniki
temp	temp
temper	sabar
tempera	tempera
temperament	temperament
temperamental	temperamental
temperance	temperamen
temperate	temperate
temperature	suhu
tempered	tempered
tempest	prahara
template	cithakan
temple	candhi
tempo	NO TRANSLATION
temporal	temporal
temporarily	sementara
temporary	sawetoro wektu
tempt	nggodha
temptation	panggodha
tempting	ngguyu
temptress	temptress
ten	sepuluh
tenable	tenable
tenacious	tenacious
tenacity	tenacity
tenancy	tenancy
tenant	penyewa
tend	cenderung
tendency	cenderung
tender	tender
tenderfoot	tenderfoot
tenderness	tenderness
tending	tending
tendon	tendon
tenement	tenement
tenet	tenet
tenets	tenet
tenfold	tenfold
tennis	tenis
tenor	tenor
tense	tegang
tensile	tensile
tension	tension
tent	tarub
tentacle	tentakel
tentative	tentatif
tenth	sepuluh
tenths	tentrem
tenuous	tenuous
tenure	tenure
tepee	tepee
tepid	tepid
tequila	tequila
teriyaki	teriyaki
term	istilah
terminal	terminal
terminate	mungkasi
termination	nggon mandeg
terminator	terminator
terminology	terminologi
terminus	terminal
termite	termite
terms	istilah
tern	tern
ternary	ternary
terrace	teras
terrain	terrain
terrestrial	terrestrial
terrible	elek
terribly	banget
terrier	terrier
terrific	apik banget
terrified	kaget banget
terrifies	terrifies
terrify	terrify
terrifying	medeni
territorial	wilayah
territory	wilayah
terror	teror
terrorism	terorisme
terrorist	teroris
terrorists	teroris
terrorize	terorisme
terse	banget
tertiary	tersier
test	test
testament	Prajanjian
testicle	testikel
testicular	testicular
testify	nyekseni
testimonial	testimonial
testimony	mirengake opo
testosterone	testosteron
testy	NO TRANSLATION
tetanus	tetanus
tether	tether
tethered	tethered
tetrahedral	tetrahedral
text	teks
textbook	buku teks
textile	tekstil
textural	textural
texture	tekstur
tgif	tgif
thank	matur nuwun
thankful	matur nuwun
thankgod	matur nuwun
thanking	matur suwun
thankless	thankless
thanks	thanks
thanksalot	NO TRANSLATION
thanksgiving	matur nuwun
thankyougod	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoujesus	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoulord	NO TRANSLATION
thatch	thatch
thatmoment	NO TRANSLATION
thaumaturgy	thaumaturgy
thaw	thaw
theater	teater
theatrical	teater
theatrics	theatrics
thebest	thebest
theft	nyolong
theism	theism
theistic	theistic
thelife	thelife
thelittlethings	NO TRANSLATION
theme	tema
theocracy	teokrasi
theocratic	teokratis
theologian	teolog
theological	teologi
theology	teologi
theorem	teorema
theoretical	teori
theory	teori
therapeutic	terapeutik
therapeutics	terapeutik
therapist	terapi
therapy	therapy
thereabouts	ing kono
thereof	kuwi
therewith	therewith
thermal	termal
thermocouple	thermocouple
thermodynamics	thermodynamics
thermometer	thermometer
thermos	thermos
thermostat	thermostat
thesaurus	thesaurus
thesis	tesis
thick	kandel
thicken	thicken
thickening	thickening
thicket	thicket
thickness	kekandelan
thief	maling
thigh	thigh
thimble	thimble
thin	tipis
thing	bab
things	iku
thingy	thingy
think	mikir
thinker	pikirane
thinking	mikir
third	katelu
thirds	sapisan
thirst	thirst
thirsty	ngelak
thirteen	telulas
thirteenth	kaping telulas
thirty	telung puluh
thistle	thistle
thither	mrene
thong	thong
thorn	duri
thorny	thorny
thorough	pepek
thoroughbred	thoroughbred
thoroughfare	dalan gedhe
thought	pikirane
thoughtful	pikirane
thoughtfulness	pikirane
thoughtless	tanpa pikirane
thoughts	pikirane
thousand	ewu
thrash	thrash
thread	thread
threat	ancaman
threaten	ngancem
threatened	kaancam punah
threatening	anceman
three	telu
threefold	telu
threesome	wong telu
thresh	thresh
threshold	batesan
thrice	kaping telu
thrift	thrift
thrifty	thrifty
thrill	nyenengake
thrilled	seneng
thriller	thriller
thrilling	ngageti
thrive	berkembang dadi
thriving	ngembangake
throat	tenggorokan
throb	throb
throbbing	throbbing
throes	throes
throne	dhampare
throng	throng
throttle	throttle
throw	uncalan
throwback	mburi
thrower	thrower
thrown	dibuwang
thrush	thrush
thrust	tikaman
thruster	thruster
thud	thud
thug	thug
thumb	jempol
thumbprint	thumbprint
thump	thump
thumper	thumper
thumping	thumping
thunder	gludhug
thunderbolt	thunderbolt
thunderclap	thunderclap
thundering	nggegirisi
thunderstorm	thunderstorm
thunderstruck	thunderstruck
thwart	ngganggu
thx	thx
thyme	thyme
thyroid	toroida
tiara	tiara
tibia	tibia
tic	tic
tick	obah
ticked	ticked
ticker	ticker
ticket	tiket
tickle	tickle
tickled	geli
ticklish	ticklish
tidal	pasangsurut
tidal wave	gelombang pasang
tidbit	tidbit
tide	pasang
tidings	kabar
tidy	rapi lan teratur
tie	dasi
tier	tier
tiff	tiff
tiger	macan
tighten	ngencengi
tightness	sesasi
tightrope	tightrope
tights	kathok ketat
tilde	tilde
tile	kothak
tiling	tiling
till	NO TRANSLATION
tillage	tillage
tiller	tiller
tilt	ngiringake
tilting	miring
timber	kayu
timberland	timberland
timbre	timbre
time	wektu
timeless	langgeng
timeliness	wektu sing tepat
timely	pas wektune
timeout	wektu ne entek
timepiece	timepiece
timer	timer
times	kaping
timetable	jadwal
timewasters	NO TRANSLATION
timid	mamang
timidity	timidity
timing	wektu
tin	NO TRANSLATION
tincture	tincture
tine	NO TRANSLATION
tinfoil	tinfoil
tinge	tinge
tingle	tingle
tingling	tingling
tinker	tinker
tinkering	tinkering
tinkle	NO TRANSLATION
tinkling	tinkling
tinnitus	tinnitus
tinsel	tinsel
tint	kelir
tiny	cilik
tip	tip
tipper	tipper
tipster	tipster
tipsy	tipsy
tiptoe	tiptoe
tirade	nyenyet
tire	ban
tired	kesel
tiredness	tiredness
tiredofit	NO TRANSLATION
tireless	ora sopan
tiresome	tiresome
tiring	tiring
tissue	tissue
tistheseason	NO TRANSLATION
tit	tit
titan	titan
titanic	titanic
titanium	titanium
tithe	tithe
title	judhul
titled	kanthi judul
titty	titty
titular	NO TRANSLATION
toad	toad
toast	roti panggang
toaster	roti panggang
toasty	toasty
tobacco	tembakau
toby	toby
tod	tod
today	saiki
toddler	bocah cilik
toe	jempol
toenail	toenail
toffee	toffee
tofu	tahu
toga	NO TRANSLATION
together	bebarengan
togetherness	kebersamaan
toil	toil
toilet	toilet
toils	toils
token	token
tolerable	ditrima
tolerance	toleransi
tolerant	sabar
tolerate	tolerate
toleration	toleransi
toll	tol
tomahawk	tomahawk
tomato	tomat
tomatoes	tomat
tomb	makam
tombstone	nisan
tomcat	tomcat
tome	tome
tomorrow	sesuk
ton	NO TRANSLATION
tone	muni
toner	toner
tong	NO TRANSLATION
tongs	tongs
tongue	ilat
tonic	tonik
tonnage	tonase
tonsils	tonsils
toocold	NO TRANSLATION
tool	alat
toolbox	kothak piranti
tooling	perkakas
toomuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
toot	toot
tooth	untu
toothache	toothache
toothbrush	sikat gigi
toothed	toothed
toothless	toothless
toothpaste	pasta gigi
toothpick	toothpick
toots	toots
top	ndhuwur
topaz	topaz
topic	topik
topical	topikal
topless	topless
topographic	topographic
topographical	topografi
topography	topografi
topple	topple
topside	sisih ndhuwur
tor	tor
torch	obor
torment	nyiksa
tormented	tormented
torn	siram
tornado	tornado
torpedo	torpedo
torque	torsi
torrent	torrent
torrid	torrid
torsion	torsion
torso	torso
tort	tort
tortious	tortious
tortoise	tortoise
tortuous	tortuous
torture	nyiksa
tortured	tortured
toss	toss
tot	NO TRANSLATION
total	total
totality	totalitas
totally	kabeh
tote	tote
totem	totem
touch	tutul
touchdown	touchdown
touched	kena
touching	nyentuh
touchy	touchy
tough	angel
toughen	toughen
toughness	toughness
toupee	toupee
tour	tur
tourism	pariwisata
tourist	wisata
tourmaline	turmalin
tournament	turnamen
tourniquet	tourniquet
tout	NO TRANSLATION
tow	nggeret
towel	andhuk
tower	menara
towering	towering
town	kutha
townhouse	townhouse
township	kota
townspeople	wong kutha
toxic	beracun
toxicity	toksisitas
toxicology	toksikologi
toxin	toxin
toy	dolanan
toymaker	toymaker
trace	jejere
traceable	bisa dilacak
tracer	tracer
traces	jejere
trachea	trakea
tracing	tracing
track	trek
tracker	tracker
tract	saluran
tractable	tractable
traction	traksi
tractor	traktor
trade	perdagangan
trademark	merek dagang
trader	trader
tradesman	tukang dagang
trading	dagang
tradition	tradisi
traditional	tradisional
traffic	lalu lintas
traffic light	lampu lalu lintas
trafficking	trafficking
tragedies	tragedies
tragedy	tragedi
tragic	tragis
trail	jejere
trailer	trailer
train	Sepur
train set	Sepur
trained	dilatih
trainee	trainee
trainer	trainer
training	latihan
trait	sipat
traitor	pengkhianat
traitorous	traitorous
trajectory	lintasan
tram	trem
tramp	tramp
trample	trample
trampoline	trampolin
tramway	trem
trance	trance
tranquil	tranquil
tranquility	ketenangan
tranquilizer	tranquilizer
transact	transact
transaction	transaksi
transatlantic	transatlantik
transceiver	transceiver
transcend	ngliwati
transcendence	transcendence
transcendent	transcendent
transcendental	transcendental
transcribe	transkrip
transcriber	transkripsi
transcript	transkrip
transcription	transkripsi
transfer	transfer
transference	transfer
transferred	ditransfer
transfixed	transfixed
transform	ngowahi
transformation	transformasi
transformer	trafo
transfusion	transfusi
transgression	pelanggaran
transient	transient
transistor	transistor
transit	transit
transition	transisi
transitional	transisi
transitive	transitif
transitory	transitory
translate	nerjemahake
translation	ngartekne
translator	translator
translocation	translocation
translucent	translucent
transmission	transmisi
transmit	ngirim
transmitter	pemancar
transmutation	transmutasi
transom	transom
transparency	transparan
transparent	transparent
transplant	transplantasi
transplantation	transplantasi
transponder	transponder
transport	Tumpaan
transportation	transportasi
transporter	transporter
transpose	transpose
transposition	transposisi
transsexual	transseksual
transverse	transverse
transvestite	transvestite
trap	jeblugan
trapdoor	trapdoor
trapeze	trapeze
trapped	kepepet
trapper	trapper
trapping	nangkep
trappings	trappings
traps	traps
trash	sampah
trashy	trashy
trauma	trauma
traumatic	traumatik
travail	NO TRANSLATION
travel	dolan
traveler	wong lelungan
traveling	lelungan
traverse	ngliwati
travesty	travesty
trawl	trawl
trawler	trawler
tray	tray
treacherous	cidra
treachery	pengkhianat
tread	ngubengi
treadmill	treadmill
treason	pengorbanan
treasure	bandha
treasured	treasured
treasurer	bendahara
treasures	ngurmati
treasury	treasury
treat	nambani
treatable	bisa ditrapake
treatise	risalah
treatment	perawatan
treaty	perjanjian
treble	treble
tree	wit
trees	wit
trek	trek
trellis	trellis
tremble	trenyuh
trembling	trembling
tremendous	sanget
tremendously	banget
tremor	tremor
trench	trench
trend	gaya
trending	trending
trendy	trendi
trepidation	nyengsemaken
trespass	trespass
triad	triad
triage	triase
trial	nyoba
triangle	segitiga
triangular	segitiga
triangulate	triangulasi
triathlon	triathlon
tribal	suku
tribe	suku
tribulation	Kasangsaran
tribunal	pengadilan
tribune	dhuwit
tributary	anak perusahaan
tribute	pajeg
trick	trick
trickery	trickery
trickle	trickle
trickster	trickster
tricky	angel
tricycle	trike
trident	trident
trifle	trifle
trifling	trifling
trig	trig
trigger	pemicu
trigonometry	trigonometri
trillion	trilion
trilogy	trilogi
trim	trim
trimester	trimester
trimmer	trimmer
trimming	trimming
trine	trine
trinity	trinitas
trinket	trinket
trio	trio
trip	trip
tripartite	tripartite
tripe	tripe
triple	telung
triplet	triplet
triplicate	triplicate
tripod	tripod
tripping	tripping
trite	trite
tritium	tritium
triumph	menang
triumphant	triumphant
trivia	trivia
trivial	ora pati penting
troll	troll
trolley	troli
trombone	trombone
troop	pasukan
trooper	trooper
troops	prajurit
trophy	Piala
tropic	tropis
tropical	tropis
tropics	tropis
trot	trot
trouble	masalah
troubled	masalah
troublemaker	troublemaker
troubles	masalah
troublesome	troublesome
trough	trough
troupe	rombongan
trousers	klambi
trout	trout
trowel	trowel
truce	gencatan senjata
truck	truk
trucker	traker
truckload	truckload
truculent	truculent
true	Bener
truelove	truelove
truffle	truffle
truism	truism
trump	trump
trumpet	sangkakala
trumpeter	trumpeter
truncate	truncate
truncated	truncated
trundle	trundle
trunk	trunk
truss	truss
trust	dipercaya
trustee	katentreman
trusting	pitados
trustworthy	dipercaya
trusty	dipercaya
truth	bebener
truthful	jujur
truthfulness	bener
try	coba
tryout	nyoba
tryouts	tryouts
tsunami	tsunami
tub	bak mandi
tuba	tuba
tubby	tubby
tube	tabung
tuberculosis	tuberkulosis
tubing	pipa
tubular	pipa
tubule	tubule
tuck	tuck
tucker	tucker
tuesday	wingi
tufted	tungkak
tug	tug
tugboat	tugboat
tuition	kuliah
tulip	tulip
tumble	tumble
tumbler	NO TRANSLATION
tumbleweed	tumbleweed
tummy	tummy
tumor	tumor
tumour	tumor
tumult	tumult
tumultuous	tumultuous
tun	NO TRANSLATION
tuna	tuna
tunable	tunable
tune	tembang
tunic	tunik
tuning	tuning
tunnel	trowongan
turban	turban
turbidity	kekuwatan
turbine	turbin
turbo	turbo
turbulence	gangguan
turbulent	turbulent
turd	turu
turf	gambut
turkey	turki
turmeric	kunir
turmoil	gangguan
turn	nguripake
turnaround	turnaround
turned	nguripake
turning	ngowahi
turnip	turnip
turnkey	turnkey
turnoff	NO TRANSLATION
turnout	turnout
turnover	nikung
turnpike	turnpike
turntable	turntable
turpentine	turpentine
turquoise	turquoise
turret	turu
turtle	penyu
turtleneck	turtleneck
tussle	tussle
tutelage	tutelage
tutor	tutor
tutoring	tutoring
tutu	tutu
tux	tux
tuxedo	tuksedo
tv	tv
twain	loro
twat	twat
twats	twats
tweak	ngapiki
tweed	tweed
tweet	tweet
tweezers	sutra
twelfth	kaping pindho
twelve	rolas
twentieth	rongpuluh
twenty	rong puluh
twerp	twerp
twig	twig
twilight	surup
twill	twill
twin	kembar
twine	twine
twinge	twinge
twinkle	twinkle
twins	kembar
twirl	twirl
twist	twist
twisted	bengkong
twister	twister
twit	twit
twitch	kakehan
twitching	nyenyet
twitchy	twitchy
two	kalih
two step	loro langkah
twofaced	NO TRANSLATION
twofold	loro-lorone
twosome	loro
tycoon	tycoon
tyke	tyke
type	Tipe
typewriter	mesin tik
typhoid	typhoid
typhoon	typhoon
typical	khas
typically	biasane
typist	typist
typo	typo
typography	typography
tyrannical	tyrannical
tyranny	tyranny
tyrant	tyrant
tyre	ban
ubiquitous	ngendi wae
ubiquity	ubiquity
ugliness	kebecikan
ugly	elek
uhoh	NO TRANSLATION
ukulele	ukulele
ulcer	ulcer
ulterior	ulterior
ultimate	pokok
ultimately	pungkasanipun
ultimatum	ultimatum
ultimo	NO TRANSLATION
ultrasound	ultrasonik
ultraviolet	ultraviolet
umbilical	umbilical
umbra	umbra
umbrella	payung
umpire	umpire
umpteen	umpteen
unabashed	unabashed
unabated	unabated
unable	ora bisa
unacceptable	ora bisa ditampa
unaccompanied	unaccompanied
unaccountable	ora bisa dianggep
unaccounted	unaccounted
unacknowledged	unacknowledged
unadulterated	unadulterated
unaffected	ora kena pengaruh
unafraid	unafraid
unaided	tanpa bantuan
unaltered	unaltered
unambiguous	unambiguous
unanimity	unanimity
unanimous	unanimous
unanimously	kanthi bebarengan
unannounced	unannounced
unanswered	unanswered
unanticipated	unanticipated
unappreciated	unappreciated
unapproved	ora ditrima
unarmed	tanpa senjata
unassisted	unassisted
unassuming	unassuming
unattached	unattached
unattainable	unattainable
unattended	unattended
unattractive	unattractive
unauthorized	ora sah
unavailable	ora kasedhiya
unavoidable	ora bisa nyingkiri
unaware	ora ngerti
unbalanced	ora seimbang
unbearable	ora kuwatir
unbeatable	unbeatable
unbeaten	unbeaten
unbecoming	ora kakehan
unbelief	ora pracaya
unbelievable	temenan
unbiased	adil
unborn	bayi durung
unbound	unbound
unbounded	tanpa wates
unbreakable	unbreakable
unbridled	unbridled
unbroken	unbroken
unbutton	unbutton
uncalled	uncalled
uncanny	pinter
uncaring	uncaring
uncensured	NO TRANSLATION
uncertain	ora mesthi
uncertainty	kahanan sing durung mesthi
unchallenged	unchallenged
unchangeable	unchangeable
unchanged	ora owah
uncharted	uncharted
uncherished	NO TRANSLATION
uncivilized	uncivilized
unclaimed	ora dikalahake
uncle	paman
unclean	najis
unclear	ra cetho
uncomfortable	ora adil
uncommon	ora umum
uncommonly	uncommonly
uncomplicated	uncomplicated
uncompromising	tanpa kompromi
unconcerned	unconcerned
unconditional	tanpa syarat
unconfirmed	durung dikonfirmasi
unconnected	ora nyambung
unconscionable	unconscionable
unconscious	semaput
unconsciousness	ora sadar
unconstitutional	unconstitutional
unconstrained	unconstrained
uncontested	tanpa pamrih
uncontrollable	ora bisa dikontrol
uncontrolled	tanpa kontrol
unconventional	ora konvensional
unconvinced	unconvinced
unconvincing	unconvincing
uncooked	mentah
uncooperative	uncooperative
uncorrelated	uncorrelated
uncouth	uncouth
uncover	uncover
uncritical	uncritical
uncut	uncut
undead	undead
undecided	undecided
undefeated	undefeated
undefined	undefined
undeniable	undeniable
underage	ing umur
underbelly	underbelly
undercover	nyamar
undercurrent	undercurrent
underdog	underdog
underestimate	underestimate
undergo	ngalami
undergraduate	sarjana
underground	lemah
underhanded	underhanded
underlay	nggambar
underlie	underlie
underline	nggaris
underlying	ndasari
undermine	undermine
undermined	undermined
underneath	ing ngisor
underpaid	underpaid
underpants	njagong
underprivileged	underprivileged
underrated	diremehake
underscore	underscore
undersea	undersea
undersecretary	undersecretary
undersized	undersized
understaffed	understaffed
understand	ngerti
understandable	iso dingerteni
understanding	pangerten
understatement	understatement
understood	dimengerteni
understudy	understudy
undertake	nggarap
undertaker	pengusaha
undertaking	usaha
undertow	nindakake
underwear	jeroan
underwood	underwood
underworld	Underworld
underwrite	underwrite
underwriter	underwriter
undeserved	undeserved
undesirable	undesirable
undesired	undesired
undetectable	ora bisa diketokne
undetected	ora bisa dideteksi
undetermined	undetermined
undeveloped	undeveloped
undignified	undignified
undirected	undirected
undisclosed	ora ditepungi
undiscovered	ora ditemokake
undisputed	undisputed
undisturbed	undisturbed
undivided	undivided
undo	mbatalake
undoing	undoing
undoubted	undoubted
undress	undress
undressed	undressed
undue	undue
undying	undying
unearned	unearned
unearth	unearth
uneasiness	uneasiness
uneasy	ora kepenak
uneducated	ora duwe pendidikan
unemployed	nganggur
unemployment	pengangguran
unencumbered	unencumbered
unending	ora ana
unequal	ora adil
unequalled	unequaled
unequivocal	unequivocal
unequivocally	unequivocally
unethical	unethical
uneven	ora rata
uneventful	uneventful
unexpected	sing ora dikarepke
unexpectedly	tanpa disangka
unexplainable	unexplainable
unexplained	unexplained
unexplored	unexplored
unfailing	unfailing
unfair	ora adil
unfairness	ora adil
unfaithful	ora setya
unfamiliar	ora pati ngerti
unfavorable	unfavorable
unfeeling	unfeeling
unfettered	mbebayani
unfinished	durung rampung
unfit	ora pantes
unflinching	unflinching
unfold	mbukak
unfollow	unfollow
unforeseen	unforeseen
unforgettable	ora iso lali
unforgivable	ora bisa diwenehake
unforgiving	ora pantes
unfortunate	Apes
unfortunately	sayangé
unfounded	ora ana
unfreeze	unfreeze
unfriendly	ora seneng
unfulfilled	unfulfilled
unfurnished	unfurnished
unglued	unglued
ungodly	ungodly
ungrateful	ungrateful
unguarded	ora ditemtokake
unhand	NO TRANSLATION
unhappiness	unhappiness
unhappy	ora nyenengake
unharmed	ora diresiki
unhealthy	ora sehat
unheard	unheard
unhelpful	unhelpful
unhindered	unhindered
unholy	ora suci
unhook	unhook
unicorn	unicorn
unidentified	ora dikenal
unification	penyatuan
unified	nyawiji
uniform	seragam
uniformed	seragam
uniformity	kesetaraan
uniformly	seragam
unimaginable	unimaginable
unimpeachable	unimpeachable
unimpeached	unimpeached
unimportant	ora penting
unimpressed	unimpressed
unimproved	unimproved
uninfected	uninfected
uninformed	uninformed
uninhabited	ora ana pedunung
uninitiated	uninitiated
uninspired	uninspired
unintelligible	unintelligible
unintended	unintended
unintentional	unintentional
unintentionally	ora sengaja
uninterested	ora kaget
uninteresting	uninteresting
uninterrupted	tanpa gangguan
uninvited	uninvited
union	union
unique	unik
unisex	unisex
unison	unison
unit	unit
unitary	siji
unite	nyawiji
united	united
unity	kamanunggalan
universal	universal
universality	universitas
universe	alam semesta
university	universitas
unjust	ora adil
unjustifiable	unjustifiable
unjustified	ora cocog
unkind	unkind
unknowable	unknowable
unknown	ora dingerteni
unlawful	ora sah
unleash	unleash
unlicensed	ora dilindhungi
unlike	ora kaya
unlikely	ora mungkin
unlimited	Unlimited
unlisted	unlisted
unload	unload
unloaded	unloaded
unlock	mbukak kunci
unlucky	unlucky
unmanageable	unmanageable
unmanned	unmanned
unmarked	ora ditandhani
unmarried	ora nikah
unmask	unmask
unmatched	unmatched
unmistakable	unmistakable
unmitigated	unmitigated
unmoved	unmoved
unnamed	unnamed
unnatural	ora wajar
unnecessary	ora perlu
unneeded	unneeded
unnoticed	unnoticed
unnumbered	unnumbered
unobserved	ora katon
unobstructed	unobstructed
unobtrusive	ora ngganggu
unoccupied	ora ana
unofficial	ora resmi
unopened	ora mbukak
unopposed	unopposed
unordered	unordered
unorganised	unorganized
unorganized	unorganized
unorthodox	unorthodox
unpack	unpack
unpaid	ora dibayar
unparalleled	unparalleled
unpleasant	ora nyenengake
unpleasantness	unpleasantness
unplug	copot
unplugged	unplugged
unpopular	ora populer
unprecedented	unprecedented
unpredictable	unpredictable
unprepared	unprepared
unpretentious	unpretentious
unproductive	ora produktif
unprofessional	unprofessional
unprofitable	unprofitable
unprotected	ora dilindhungi
unproven	unproven
unprovoked	unprovoked
unpublished	ora diterbitake
unpunished	unpunished
unqualified	unqualified
unquestionable	unquestionable
unquestionably	unquestionably
unquestioned	unquestioned
unquote	unquote
unravel	unravel
unreachable	unreachable
unread	durung diwaca
unreal	unreal
unrealistic	unrealistic
unreasonable	ora ana alangan
unrecorded	unrecorded
unregistered	ora diwatesi
unregulated	ora diatur
unrelated	ora ana hubungane
unrelenting	terus-terusan
unreliable	ora bisa dipercaya
unremarkable	unremarkable
unrepentant	unrepentant
unrequited	unrequited
unresolved	unresolved
unresponsive	unresponsive
unrest	Kerusuhan
unrestrained	unrestrained
unrestricted	tanpa wates
unromantic	unromantic
unruly	unruly
unsafe	ora aman
unsanitary	unsanitary
unsatisfactory	ora nyenengake
unsatisfied	ora puas
unsavory	unsavory
unscathed	unscathed
unscheduled	unscheduled
unscientific	unscientific
unscrew	unscrew
unscrupulous	unscrupulous
unseat	unseat
unseen	ora katon
unselfish	unselfish
unsettled	unsettled
unsightly	unsightly
unsolicited	unsolicited
unsolved	ora bisa dipungkiri
unsophisticated	unsophisticated
unsound	unsound
unspeakable	unspeakable
unspecified	ora ditemtokake
unspoken	unspoken
unstable	ora stabil
unsteady	unsteady
unstoppable	ora bisa dibantah
unsuccessful	ora sukses
unsuitable	ora cocog
unsung	unsung
unsupervised	unsupervised
unsupported	unsupported
unsure	ora yakin
unsurpassed	ora gampang
unsuspecting	unsuspecting
unsustainable	unsustainable
unsweetened	unsweetened
unsympathetic	unsympathetic
untamed	untamed
untenable	ora bisa dipungkiri
untested	untested
unthinkable	ora gampang
untidy	untidy
untie	ngguyu
untimely	untimely
untitled	untitled
untold	untold
untouchable	ora langsung
untouched	untouched
untoward	nuwun
untraceable	untraceable
untrained	untrained
untranslated	untranslated
untroubled	untroubled
untrue	ora bener
untrustworthy	untrustworthy
unturned	unturned
unused	ora dienggo
unusual	ora biasa
unusually	luar biasa
unutterable	unutterable
unveil	unveil
unveiling	unveiling
unverified	unverified
unwanted	bayangan
unwarranted	unwarranted
unwary	unwary
unwashed	unwashed
unwavering	unwavering
unwed	nolak
unwelcome	unwelcome
unwell	unwell
unwilling	enggane
unwillingly	unwillingly
unwillingness	unwillingness
unwind	ngendhok
unwise	ora ngerti
unwitting	tanpa disengaja
unwittingly	tanpa disengaja
unworthy	ora pantes
unwrap	Mbukak
unwritten	unwritten
unyielding	unyielding
unzip	unzip
upbeat	upbeat
upbringing	upbringing
upcoming	mbesuk
update	nganyari
upgrade	upgrade
upheaval	upheaval
uphill	munggah gunung
uphold	ngajeni
upholstery	upholstery
upkeep	upahep
upland	upland
uplands	upland
uplift	uplift
uplifting	uplifting
uplink	uplink
upload	upload
upper	ndhuwur
uppercut	sisih ndhuwur
uppity	uppity
upright	mujur
uprising	uprising
uproar	uproar
upscale	upscale
upset	ngganggu
upshot	upshot
upstairs	mendhuwur
upstanding	upstanding
upstart	upstart
uptight	uptight
upward	munggah
upwards	munggah
uranium	uranium
urban	kutha
urchin	urchin
urge	butuh cepet
urgency	urgency
urgent	urgent
urinal	urinal
urinalysis	urinalysis
urinate	urinate
urination	urine
urine	urine
urn	urn
usable	bisa dipigunakaké
usage	panggunaan
use	nggunakake
used	digunakake
useful	migunani
usefully	migunani
usefulness	kegunaan
useless	ora ana guna
user	pangguna
usher	usher
usual	biasa
usurp	usurp
usurped	usurped
usury	usury
utensil	utensil
uterus	uterus
utilitarian	utilitarian
utility	sarana
utilization	pemanfaatan
utilize	nggunakke
utmost	paling apik
utopian	utopian
utter	ngucap
utterance	utterance
utterly	bener
vacancy	lowongan kerja
vacant	kosong mlompong
vacate	ngosongake
vacation	liburan
vaccination	vaksinasi
vaccine	vaksin
vacuolar	vacuolar
vacuole	vacuole
vacuous	vacuous
vacuum	vakum
vagabond	nggoleki
vagina	vagina
vaginal	vagina
vagrancy	vagrancy
vagrant	nggoleki
vague	Ora cetho
vagueness	vagueness
vainly	vainly
valance	cendhek
vale	vale
valedictorian	valedictorian
valentine	valentine
valet	valet
valiant	banget
valid	sah
validate	validate
validation	validasi
validity	validitas
valium	valium
valley	lembah
valor	NO TRANSLATION
valuable	sing penting
valuables	barang-barang berharga
valuation	regane
value	nilai
valve	katup
vamoose	NO TRANSLATION
vamp	vamp
vampire	vampir
van	NO TRANSLATION
vandal	vandal
vandalism	vandalisme
vane	vane
vanguard	vanguard
vanilla	vanila
vanish	ilang
vanished	sirna
vanishing	ilang
vanity	kasampurnan
vanquish	vanquish
vanquished	dikalahaké
vanquishing	vanquishing
vantage	vantage
vapor	Asep
vara	NO TRANSLATION
variable	variabel
variance	varians
variation	variasi
variations	variasi
varicella	varicella
varicose	varicose
varied	variatif
variegated	variegated
variety	macem-macem
various	macem-macem
varmint	varmint
varnish	varnish
varsity	varsity
vary	beda-beda
varying	werna-werna
vascular	babagan pembuluh darah
vase	vas
vasectomy	vasektomi
vassal	vassal
vast	gedhe
vat	tong
vaudeville	langka
vault	kubah
vaulted	vaulted
vaulting	vaulting
veal	veal
vector	vektor
veer	Liyane
vega	vega
vegan	vegan
vegetable	sayuran
vegetarian	vegetarian
vegetarianism	vegetarianisme
vegetation	vegetasi
vegetative	vegetatif
veggie	veggie
vehement	kepenak
vehicle	kendaraan
veil	kerudung
veiled	veiled
vein	vein
veined	veined
vellum	vellum
velocity	kecepatan
velour	velor
velvet	beludru
velvety	velvety
vena	vena
vendetta	vendetta
vending	vending
vendor	vendor
veneer	veneer
venerable	sing dikarepake
veneration	pamrih
venereal	venereal
venetian	venetian
vengeance	dendam
vengeful	mbelani
venison	venison
venom	venom
venomous	venomous
venous	venous
vent	ngeculake
ventilation	ventilasi
ventilator	ventilator
venting	venting
ventricle	ventricle
ventricular	ventricular
ventriloquist	ventriloquist
venture	usaha
venue	Panggonan
veracity	veracity
veranda	veranda
verb	kriyo
verbal	langsung
verbatim	tegese
verbiage	verbiage
verbose	tegese
verbosity	verbosity
verdant	verdant
verdict	putusan
verge	verge
verification	verifikasi
verified	Diverifikasi
verify	ngecek
verily	mesthi
veritable	bener
vermin	vermin
vermouth	vermouth
vernacular	vernacular
vernal	vernal
veronica	veronica
versatile	serbaguna
versatility	versatility
verse	ayat
version	versi
versus	lawan
vert	vert
vertebra	vertebra
vertebral	vertebral
vertex	vertex
vertical	vertikal
vertically	vertikal
vertigo	vertigo
verve	banget
very negative	banget negatif
very positive	banget positif
veryangry	NO TRANSLATION
vesicle	vesicle
vesicular	vesicular
vessel	kapal
vest	rompi
vested	vested
vestibule	vestibule
vestige	tembung
vet	vet
veteran	veteran
veterinarian	dokter hewan
veterinary	Veterinary
veto	veto
vexed	nesu
viability	panguripan
viable	sregep
viaduct	viaduct
vial	botol
vibe	getaran
vibes	getaran
vibrant	nyenengake
vibrate	kedher
vibration	getaran
vibrator	vibrator
vibratory	vibratory
vicar	vicar
vicarious	vicarious
vice	kosok
viceroy	viceroy
vicinity	sacedhake
vicious	jahat
victim	korban
victimized	korban
victor	victor
victoria	banget
victorious	menang
victory	kamenangan
video	video
video game	video game
videotape	videotape
vie	NO TRANSLATION
view	tampilan
viewer	panampil
viewing	ndeleng
viewpoint	sudut pandang
vigil	vigil
vigilance	kewaspadaan
vigilant	waspada
vigilante	vigilante
vignette	vignette
vigor	semangat
vigorous	kuat banget
viking	viking
vile	jahat
villa	Villa
village	desa
villager	desa
villain	jahat
villainous	villainous
vinaigrette	vinaigrette
vindicate	vindicate
vindicated	vindicated
vindication	vindikasi
vindictive	kasiksa
vine	anggur
vinegar	cukà
vineyard	kebon anggur
vintage	vintage
vinyl	vinyl
viola	viola
violate	nglanggar
violation	nglanggar
violence	kekerasan
violent	kasar
violently	kasar
violet	ungu
violin	biola
violinist	biola
viper	viper
viral	virus
virgin	prawan
virginal	virginal
virginity	virginity
virility	kekuwatan
virology	virologi
virtual	virtual
virtually	sakbenere
virtue	kabecikan
virtuoso	virtuoso
virtuous	virtuous
virulence	virulence
virus	virus
visa	visa
visage	NO TRANSLATION
viscosity	viskositas
viscous	lentur
vise	NO TRANSLATION
visibility	visibilitas
visible	katon
visibly	katon
vision	sesanti
visionary	visionary
visit	ngunjungi
visitation	kunjungan
visiting	ngunjungi
visitor	Pengunjung
visor	visor
vista	vista
visual	visual
visualize	nggambarake
vital	penting
vitality	vitalitas
vitals	vitals
vitamin	vitamin
vitreous	vitreous
viva	viva
vivacious	nyenengake
vivid	urip
vixen	vixen
vocabulary	kosakata
vocal	vokal
vocalist	vokalis
vocation	pagawean
vodka	vodka
vogue	Vogue
voice	swara
voiceless	tanpa suara
voicemail	voicemail
void	ora sah
volatile	molah malih
volatility	volatility
volcanic	vulkanik
volcano	gunung geni
volition	volition
volley	volley
volleyball	bola voli
voltage	tegangan
voltmeter	voltmeter
volume	volume
volumes	volume
voluminous	gedhe banget
voluntarily	tanpo pekso
voluntary	sukarela
volunteer	volunteer
volunteering	lilo tanpo pekso
volunteers	sukarelawan
voluptuous	voluptuous
vomit	muntahake
vomiting	muntahake
voodoo	voodoo
voracious	banget
vortex	vortex
vote	pilihane
voter	pemilih
voting	pilihan
votive	votive
vouch	njamin
voucher	voucher
vow	sumpah
vowel	vokal
voyage	voyage
voyager	voyager
voyeur	voyeur
vulgar	vulgar
vulgarity	vulgaritas
vulnerability	kerentanan
vulnerable	ngrugekke
vulture	manuk gagak
wacko	wacko
wacky	wacky
wad	wad
waddle	waddle
wade	wade
wafer	wafer
waffle	waffle
wag	wag
wage	upah
wager	wager
wages	upah
wagon	wagon
wail	nangis
waist	pinggang
waistcoat	waistcoat
waistline	pinggang
wait	ngenteni
waiter	waiter
waiting	nunggu
waitinggame	NO TRANSLATION
waitress	waitress
waive	waive
waiver	waiver
wake	tangi
walk	lumaku
walker	walker
walking	lumampah
walkout	ngguyu
wall	tembok
wallaby	wallaby
wallet	dompet
wallflower	wallflower
wallop	wallop
wallow	wallow
wallpaper	wallpaper
walnut	walnut
walrus	walrus
waltz	waltz
wan	NO TRANSLATION
wand	tongkat
wander	ngumbara
wanderer	wanderer
wandering	ngumbara
wane	wane
waning	waning
wanker	wanker
wannabe	wannabe
wannasleep	NO TRANSLATION
want	pengin
wanting	kepingin
wanton	pengin
war	perang
warbler	warbler
warcrimes	NO TRANSLATION
ward	bangsal
warden	sipir
wardrobe	lemari klambi
ware	ware
warehouse	warehouse
warfare	perang
warhead	warhead
warlike	warlike
warlock	warlock
warlord	warlord
warm	anget
warming	anget
warms	anget
warmth	anget
warn	ngelingi
warned	dielingake
warning	bebaya
warp	warp
warpath	warpath
warped	warped
warrant	njamin
warranted	diwenehake
warrants	njamin
warranty	babar pisan
warren	warren
warrior	prajurit
warship	kapal perang
wart	wart
wartime	wartime
wary	wary
wash	ngumbah
washed	dicampurake
washer	mesin cuci
washing	ngumbah
washout	ngumbah
washroom	washroom
wasp	wasp
waste	sampah
wastebasket	wastebasket
wasted	sampah
wasteful	boros
wasteland	wasteland
wasting	mbesuk
watch	nonton
watchdog	pengawas
watcher	pengawas
watchful	sabar
watchman	NO TRANSLATION
watchout	awas
watchtower	watchtower
water	banyu
water polo	polo banyu
waterbed	waterbed
watercourse	watercourse
watered	nyirami
waterfall	air terjun
waterfront	waterfront
watering can	mbanyoni bisa
watermelon	watermelon
waterproof	anti banyu
waterworks	waterworks
watery	watery
wave	gelombang
wavelength	panjang gelombang
waver	nuwun
wavering	wavering
waves	ombak
wavy	wavy
wax	lilin
waxed	lenga
waxy	waxy
way	cara
ways	cara
wayward	wayward
weak	banget
weaken	ngremekake
weakened	weakened
weakling	weakling
weakly	banget
weakness	kelemahane
wealth	kasugihan
wealthy	sugih
weapon	gegaman
weaponry	weaponry
wear	nyandhang
wearer	wearer
wearily	wearily
weariness	lara
wearing	ngagem
weary	lara
weasel	weasel
weather	cuaca
weathered	weathered
weatherman	weatherman
weatherproof	weatherproof
weave	nenun
web	web
website	situs web
wed	nikah
wedded	wedded
wedding	wedding
wedge	wedge
wedlock	wedlock
wee	Kula
weed	ganja
weeding	weeding
weeds	suket
weedy	Liyane
weeeee	NO TRANSLATION
week	minggu
weekday	dinten minggu
weekend	akhir minggu
weekly	saben minggu
weenie	banget
weep	nangis
weeping	nangis
weeping willow	willow willow
weepy	ngguyu
weigh	nimbang
weighing	nimbang
weight	bobot
weightless	bobot
weightloss	NO TRANSLATION
weights	bobot
weighty	bobot
weir	weir
weird	aneh
weirdness	kepenak
weirdo	aneh
welcome	sambutan
welcomed	tampi
welcoming	sambutan
weld	ngelas
welder	welder
welding	welding
welfare	kesejahteraan
wellhead	wellhead
wellness	kesehatan
welsh	welsh
welt	NO TRANSLATION
wen	NO TRANSLATION
wench	wench
werewolf	werewolf
west	kulon
westbound	westbound
western	kulon
wet	udan
wetback	wetback
whack	whack
whale	whale
whaling	whaling
wham	wham
whammy	whammy
wharf	wharf
whatdoido	NO TRANSLATION
whatif	apa ora
whatmakesmesmile	NO TRANSLATION
whatnot	apa ora
whatsoever	apa wae
whatsthepoint	NO TRANSLATION
wheat	gandum
wheel	roda
wheel barrow	NO TRANSLATION
wheelbarrow	wheelbarrow
wheelchair	kursi rodha
wheels	gembong
wheeze	wheeze
whelp	whelp
whereabouts	ngendi wae
wherefore	Mulane
wherewith	wherewith
wherewithal	wherewithal
whet	nggoleki
whiff	whiff
whilst	nalika
whim	kepiye?
whimper	whimper
whimsical	whimsical
whimsy	kepenginan
whine	ngguyu
whiny	whiny
whip	mecut
whiplash	whiplash
whipped	nyuwek
whirl	whirl
whirlpool	whirlpool
whirlwind	whirlwind
whisk	whisk
whisker	whisker
whiskers	whiskers
whiskey	wiski
whisky	wiski
whisper	bisikna
whispered	whispered
whistle	whistle
whit	whit
white	putih
whitefish	whitefish
whiteness	putih
whitewash	whitewash
whitish	putih
whittle	whittle
whiz	whiz
whole	kabeh
wholesale	borongan
wholesome	waras
wholly	kabeh
whoo	sing
whoop	singop
whopper	kepiye
whopping	kepiye
whore	lonthe
whorehouse	whorehouse
wick	wick
wicked	jahat
wickedness	duraka
wicker	wicker
wicket	wicket
wide	sudhut
widely	akeh
widen	widen
widespread	nyebar
widow	randha
widowed	randha
widower	dandanane
width	ambane
wield	wield
wiener	wiener
wienie	NO TRANSLATION
wife	bojo
wig	rambut palsu
wiggle	wiggle
wight	wight
wiki	wiki
wild	alam bébas
wildcat	wildcat
wildebeest	wildebeest
wilderness	gurun
wildfire	wildfire
wildlife	satwa
will	bakal
willful	sengaja
willies	kepenginan
willing	cumadhang
willingly	willingly
willingness	kekarepan
willow	willow
willpower	bakal kuwat
wilt	wilt
wilted	wilted
wily	wily
wimp	wimp
wimpy	wimpy
win	menang
wince	wince
winch	winch
wind	angin
windbag	windbag
windfall	windfall
winding	nggulung
windmill	kincir angin
window	jendhela
windowsill	NO TRANSLATION
windpipe	windpipe
windshield	kaca ngarep
windy	windy
wine	anggur
wine cooler	wine cooler
wing	swiwi
winged	winged
winger	winger
wingman	wingman
wink	wink
winner	juara
winning	menang
winnings	winnings
wino	NO TRANSLATION
winter	mangsa
winterbreak	NO TRANSLATION
wintertime	mangsa
wintery	wintery
wintry	wintry
wipe	ngilangke
wiper	wiper
wire	kabel
wired	kabel
wireless	nirkabel
wiretap	wiretap
wiring	kabel
wis	wis
wisdom	kawicaksanan
wise	wicaksana
wish	pengin
wishbone	wishbone
wishful	wishful
wishing	nuwun
wishmeluck	wishmeluck
wisp	wisp
wistful	wistful
wit	pinter
witch	penyihir
witchcraft	sihir
withal	withal
withdraw	nolak
withdrawal	mundur
withdrawals	penarikan
withdrawn	mundur
wither	lenggah
withered	kringet
withering	withering
withhold	nyegah
withholding	withholding
withstand	tahan
witless	witless
witness	saksi
wits	wits
witty	witty
wiz	wiz
wizard	tuntunan
wobble	wobble
wobbly	wobbly
woe	woe
woeful	woeful
woefully	woefully
wok	wok
wokemeup	NO TRANSLATION
wolf	serigala
wolverine	wolverine
woman	wong wadon
womanhood	womanhood
womanizer	womanizer
womanly	wong wadon
womb	rahim
wonder	kepengin weruh
wonderful	apik banget
wonderfully	apik banget
wonderment	kepenak
wondrous	apik banget
wont	NO TRANSLATION
woo	woo
wood	kayu
woodcut	kayu
wooden	kayu
woodland	alas
woodlands	alas
woodpecker	tukang kayu
woods	alas
woodshed	jagung
woodsman	tukang kayu
woodwork	kayu
woody	kayu
woof	woof
woohoo	woohoo
wooing	wooing
wool	wol
woolen	wol
woolly	wolung
woot	woot
woozy	woozy
wop	wol
word	tembung
wording	tembung
words	tembung
wordy	wordy
work	karya
workaholic	workaholic
workbook	buku kerja
worker	buruh
working	digunakake
workings	workings
workload	workload
workman	buruh
workmanship	pengerjaan
workout	latihan
workplace	panggonan makaryo
works	nyambut gawe
workshop	bengkel
workup	latihan
world	donya
worldly	jagad
worldwide	sak ndonya
worm	cacing
wormhole	wormhole
wormwood	wormwood
worn	worn
worried	kuwatir
worries	kuwatir
worry	sumelang
worrying	worrying
worse	luwih elek
worsening	worsening
worship	nyembah
worshipful	nyembah
worstfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
worth	worth
worthless	ora ana gunane
worthwhile	bermanfaat
worthy	pantes
wot	wot
would	bakal
wound	tatu
wounded	tatu
wounding	wounding
wounds	wounds
wracking	wracking
wrangler	wrangler
wrangling	wrangling
wrap	bungkus
wrapper	bungkus
wrapping	bungkus
wrath	bebendune
wrathful	wrathful
wreak	wreak
wreath	wreath
wreck	wreck
wreckage	wreckage
wrecked	rusak
wrecker	wrecker
wrench	wrench
wrenching	wrenching
wrest	wrest
wrestle	wrestle
wrestler	pegulat
wrestling	wrestling
wretch	wretch
wretched	wretched
wriggle	wriggle
wright	wright
wring	wring
wringer	wringer
wrinkle	wrinkle
wrinkled	wrinkled
wrist	bangkekan
wristband	wristband
wristwatch	wristwatch
writ	writ
write	nulis
writer	penulis
writing	nulis
written	ditulis
wrong	salah
wrongdoing	kesalahan
wrongful	salah
wrongly	salah
wrought	wrought
wry	wry
xanax	xanax
xenophobia	xenophobia
xerox	xerox
xmas	xmas
xoxo	xoxo
yaaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaay	NO TRANSLATION
yacht	yacht
yachting	yachting
yahoo	yahoo
yak	yak
yam	yam
yank	yank
yap	NO TRANSLATION
yard	yard
yarn	yarn
yaw	yaw
yawn	yawn
yawning	yawning
yay	yay
yayy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyyy	NO TRANSLATION
yea	Mengkono uga
yeahhh	yeahhh
yeahhhh	NO TRANSLATION
year	taun
yearbook	yearbook
yearling	taunlan
yearly	tahunan
yearn	yearn
yearning	ngguyu
years	taun
yeast	ragi
yehey	NO TRANSLATION
yell	yell
yeller	yeller
yelling	yelling
yellow	kuning
yellows	yellows
yelp	yelp
yen	yen
yeoman	sampeyan
yesss	yesss
yessss	yessss
yesterday	wingi
yesteryear	yesteryear
yew	yew
yey	NO TRANSLATION
yield	ngasilake
yielding	ngasilake
yo-yo	NO TRANSLATION
yodel	yodel
yoga	yoga
yogi	yogi
yogurt	yogurt
yoke	yoke
yolk	yolk
yon	NO TRANSLATION
yonder	saiki
young	enom
younger	luwih enom
youngster	youngster
yousuck	yousuck
youth	pemuda
youthful	bocah cilik
yucky	yucky
yuletide	yuletide
yummy	yummy
yuppie	yuppie
zany	zany
zap	zap
zeal	semangat
zealot	zealot
zealous	zealous
zebra	zebra
zen	zen
zenith	zenith
zephyr	zephyr
zeppelin	zeppelin
zest	zest
zesty	zesty
zeta	zeta
zigzag	zigzag
zilch	zilch
zillion	zillion
zinc	seng
zing	NO TRANSLATION
zip	zip
zipper	zipper
zippy	zippy
zit	NO TRANSLATION
zodiac	zodiak
zombie	Zombi
zone	zona
zoning	zoning
zoo	zoo
zoological	zoological
zoology	zoologi
zoom	zoom
zucchini	zucchini
