Word	ku
aaaaaaah	aaaaaaah
aaaah	NO TRANSLATION
aardvark	xerîb
aback	şaş
abacus	abacus
abalone	abalone
abandon	terikandin
abandoned	derxistin
abandonment	berdan
abashed	revandin
abate	abate
abatement	abatement
abba	abba
abbey	abbey
abbot	NO TRANSLATION
abbreviate	kinkirin
abbreviation	kinkirî
abdomen	binzik
abdominal	germ
abduct	revandin
abduction	revandinî
aberrant	xerîb
aberration	berbiçav
abeyance	nehêle
abhor	abhor
abhorrence	bêhtir
abhorrent	abhorrent
abide	debirandin
abiding	bimîne
ability	kêrhatî
abject	xelet
ablation	ablation
ablaze	arpêketî
able	kêrhat
abnormal	nenormal
abnormality	abnormality
aboard	aboard
abode	aboriyê
abolish	rakirin
abolition	hilweşandin
abominable	berbiçav
abominate	tirsa
abomination	hilweşandin
aboriginal	aboriginal
abort	abort
abortion	ji berxwegirtin
abortive	abortive
abound	dûr
abovementioned	jorîn
abracadabra	abracadabra
abrasion	hilweşandin
abrasive	hilweşandin
abreast	abreast
abroad	ji derve
abrogate	lêpirsîn
abrupt	seranser
abruptly	bêdeng
abscess	kûl
absence	neamadeyî
absent	neamade
absentee	neheq
absenteeism	neheq
absinthe	betal
absolute	temam
absolution	betalkirinê
absolve	berbiçav
absorb	mehandin
absorbed	berbiçav kirin
absorbent	berbiçav
absorbing	bifikirin
absorption	hestyariyê
abstain	bêdengmayin
abstention	nerazîbûnê
abstinence	bêhtir
abstract	veqetî
abstraction	abstraction
absurd	dijrast
absurdity	bêbaweriyê
abundance	zêdayî
abundant	gellek
abuse	nebaşkaranî
abused	tawanbar kirin
abusive	rixe
abutment	windakirinê
aby	NO TRANSLATION
abysmal	abysmal
abyss	abyss
academic	danişgayî
academy	danişga
accede	şaş dike
accelerant	lezgîn
accelerate	lezdan
accelerated	zûtirîn
acceleration	lezdanî
accelerator	pêdala xazê
accent	devok
accentuate	şaş
accept	baweranîn
acceptable	bawerbar
acceptance	bawerî
acceptances	pejirandin
access	navketin
accessible	navketî
accession	pêkanîna
accessory	perçê pêva
accident	qeza
accidental	bêqesd
accidentally	tesadûfî
acclaim	pesnê
accolade	pîroz kirin
accommodate	bicihkirin
accommodation	cih
accompaniment	hevalrêtî
accompany	hevalrêtîkirin
accompanying	bi hev re
accomplice	hevpeyman
accomplish	bicihanîn
accomplished	pêk tê
accomplishment	bicihhatî
accord	peyman
accordance	li gor
accordion	akordîyon
account	konto
accountability	hesab
accountable	berpirsîyarîn
accountant	hesabdar
accounting	hesabê
accounts	hesab
accredited	naskirî
accretion	gav
accrue	hevgîhandin
accueil	NO TRANSLATION
accumulate	hevcivandin
accumulation	serhevhatin
accuracy	tamî
accurate	tam
accursed	qurban
accusation	gilî
accusative	berkar
accuse	gilîkirin
accused	gilîdar
accuser	sûcdar
accusing	sûcdar
accustomed	hesibandin
ace	as
acetic	acetic
acetylene	acetylene
ache	êş
achieve	gîhaştin
achieved	bidestxistin
achievement	suxre
aching	êş
achy	achy
acid	tirş
acidity	acidity
acknowledge	nasîn
acknowledged	pejirandin
acknowledgement	nasyarî
acknowledgment	nasyarî
acme	acme
acne	pizik
acorn	bellot
acoustic	acoustic
acoustics	akstîk
acquaint	nasdayin
acquaintance	nasî
acquainted	naskirin
acquiescence	kişandin
acquire	kirrîn
acquiring	bidestxistin
acquisition	bidestxistinî
acquisitions	dagirkeriyê
acquit	azadaxaftin
acquittal	azadakir
acre	acre
acreage	acreage
acres	acres
acrobat	akrobat
acrylic	acrylic
act	ewlekarî
acting	kirin
action	çalakî
action figure	hejmara çalakiyê
actionable	çalak kirin
activate	çalak bikin
activation	çalakiyê
active	jîr
activist	dilxwaz
activity	çalakî
actor	şanoger
actress	şanoger
actual	rast
actuality	rastiyê
actuary	çalakiyê
acuity	acuity
acumen	acumen
acupuncture	akpûnktûr
acute	acîl
acutely	zû
ad	ad
adage	xemgîniyê
adamant	serhişk
adapt	lihevanîn
adaptable	lihevtê
adaptation	adaptasyona
add	lêzêdekirin
added	zêdekirin
addendum	addendum
adder	adder
addict	peywend
addicted	tedawî
addiction	peywendî
addictive	nermî
addition	pitir
additional	biserre
additive	tiştênbiserre
address	navnîşan
addressee	navnîşan
addresses	navnîşan
adept	şaş
adequacy	pêdivî ye
adequate	gordil
adhere	binêrin
adherence	dilsoz
adherent	dilsoz
adhering	nirxandin
adhesion	adhesion
adhesive	pêvzeliqî
adieu	adieu
adipose	adipose
adjacency	dorpêç
adjacent	berde
adjective	navder
adjoining	dorpêçkirin
adjourn	tarloqkirin
adjournment	hevdîtinê
adjudicate	nêzîk
adjudication	dagirkeriyê
adjunct	nêzîk
adjust	lihevanîn
adjuster	hevalek
adjustment	lêanî
adjuvant	adjuvant
admin	admin
administer	birêvebirin
administration	birêvebirî
administrative	îdarî
administrator	birêvebir
admirable	qeşeng
admiral	amîral
admiralty	dilovanî
admiration	dilpêmayî
admire	lêşaşman
admired	dilsoz
admirer	dilovan
admiring	dilsoz
admissibility	pejirandin
admissible	dibe
admission	mûkir
admit	qebûlkirin
admittance	berdana
admitted	qebûl kirin
admitting	pejirandin
admixture	admixture
admonition	şîret
ado	ado
adobe	adobe
adolescence	xortî
adolescent	ciwanan
adopt	xwerezarokgirtin
adoption	zarokgirtinî
adoptive	berbiçav
adorable	şahî
adoration	adoration
adore	limêjkirin
adoring	berbiçav
adorn	xemilandin
adornment	zivistan
adrenalin	adrenalin
adrenaline	adrenaline
adrift	tolazgerî
adult	gihîştî
adulterated	zehf kirin
adulterer	zilamê
adultery	marşikandinî
adulthood	zilamê
advance	pêşveçûn
advanced	pêşveçû
advancement	barkirin
advancing	pêşveçûn
advantage	berjewendî
advantageous	bi berjewendî
advent	gihîştin
adventure	serpêhatî
adventurer	maceraperest
adventures	pispor
adventurous	berbiçav
adversary	neyar
adverse	neyare
adversity	tengahiyê
advertise	gilîkirin
advertisement	gilî
advertising	reqlam
adverts	adres
advice	şêwr
advisable	pêşnîyarbar
advise	şêwirîn
advised	şîret kirin
advisement	şêwirdarî
adviser	şêwirvan
advisor	şêwirmend
advisory	şêwirdarî
advocacy	parêzer
advocate	pêşnîyarkirin
aegis	aegis
aeration	revandin
aerial	bi firrê
aerobics	aerobics
aerodrome	aerodrome
aerodynamic	aerodîk
aerodynamics	aerodynamics
aeronautics	aeronîk
aeroplane	balafir
aerospace	aerospace
aesthetic	jestîk
aesthetics	estethetîk
aetiology	aetiology
afar	afar
affable	berbiçav
affair	karûbar
affect	raydakirin
affecting	bandor dike
affection	hezkirin
affectionate	dilane
affections	bandorê
affiche	NO TRANSLATION
affidavit	beyana bi sond
affiliated	girêdayî
affiliation	têkildarî
affinity	girêdayî
affirm	bawerdayin
affirmation	teqezkirin
affirmative	pêgûmananîn
affirmatively	erênî
affix	pêvgirêdan
afflict	dilêşandin
afflicted	xemgîn kirin
affliction	dilêş
affluence	dewlemendî
affluent	dewlemed
afford	ji xwere kanîn
affordable	kir
affront	pêşî
affronted	li hemberî
afield	afirîn
afire	afirîn
afloat	ajnêwar
afore	dûr
aforementioned	pêşniyaz kirin
aforesaid	bistîne
afraid	tirsane
afresh	afresh
african	efrîkayî
aft	aft
afterlife	jiyanê
aftermath	paşê
afternoon	piştînîvroj
aftershave	aftershave
aftertaste	paşê
afterthought	paşnav
aga	NO TRANSLATION
agape	agape
agate	agir
age	kalbûn
aged	salî
agency	ajans
agenda	naverok
agent	casus
agglomeration	agglomeration
aggravate	xirabkirin
aggravated	bêhtir
aggravates	aggravates
aggravating	acizker
aggravation	xirabbûyî
aggregate	berbiçav
aggregation	kategoriyê
aggresive	NO TRANSLATION
aggression	êrişbazî
aggressive	êrşişbaz
aggressively	dijwar
aggressiveness	aggressiveness
aggressor	êrişkir
agh	agh
aghast	xerîb
aghhh	NO TRANSLATION
agile	agile
agility	zelal
aging	agir
agitate	acizkirin
agitated	veguherandin
agitation	agitation
aglow	aglow
agnostic	agnostîk
ago	pêşî
agonizing	agonizing
agony	êş
agoraphobia	agoraphobia
agree	qebûlkirin
agreeable	xweş
agreed	lihevhati
agreeing	bipejirîne
agreement	lihevhatin
agressive	NO TRANSLATION
agricultural	cotarî
agriculture	cotyarî
aground	aground
agua	NO TRANSLATION
ahead	pêşve
ahhh	ahhh
ahhhhhhhh	NO TRANSLATION
ahoy	ahoy
aid	alîkarî
aide	alîkar
aiding	alîkariyê
aids	alîkarî
ail	nexweş
ailing	germ
ailment	êş
aim	armanc
aimless	armanc
air	hewa
airbag	airbag
airborne	ezmûn
aircraft	firrok
aircraft carrier	balafirgehê
airfield	hewayê
airhead	hewayê
airlift	agirbestek
airline	şîrketa balafiran
airliner	balafirgehê
airlock	airlock
airman	airman
airplane	balafir
airport	balafirgeh
airs	hewa
airship	hewayî
airspace	airspace
airspeed	airspeed
airstrip	hewayê
airtight	zû
airway	hewayê
aisle	fitêsa
ait	NO TRANSLATION
ajar	NO TRANSLATION
aka	aka
akin	berbiçav
alabaster	alabaster
alarm	hawar
alarm clock	demjimara şîyarker
alarmed	xeter kirin
alarming	acizane
alas	alas
alb	NO TRANSLATION
albatross	albatross
albino	albino
album	albûm
alchemy	alchemy
alcohol	alkol
alcoholic	alkolgir
alcoholism	alkolgirî
alcove	alcove
alderman	alderman
ale	NO TRANSLATION
alert	hişyar
alertness	hişyariyê
alerts	alerts
alfalfa	alfalfa
algebra	algebra
algebraic	algebraic
algorithm	algorithm
alias	navê dizî
alibi	delîl
alien	xerîb
alienate	xerîbkirin
alienated	xerîb
alienation	xerîbbûyî
alight	daketin
align	berpêvekirin
aligned	navîn
alignment	berbiçav
alike	nêzhev
alimentation	NO TRANSLATION
alimony	debar
aliquot	nerast
alive	jînde
alkali	alkali
alkaloids	alkaloids
allay	hemî
allegation	îddîa
allege	îfadekirin
alleged	îdîakirin
allegiance	dilsozî
allegorical	tawanbar
allegory	tawanbar
allegro	allegro
allergic	alerjîk
allergy	alerjî
alleviate	kêm bikin
alleviation	kêmkirin
alley	kûçe
alleyway	alleyway
alliance	hevkarî
allied	hevkar
alligator	alîgator
allocate	pardan
allocation	pardayî
allot	belakirin
allotment	belakirinî
allow	destûrdan
allowable	pejirandin
allowance	heq
allowed	destûr
alloy	astarê madenî
allsmiles	NO TRANSLATION
allure	dilkişîn
alluring	xurt
allusion	tevlihev
alluvial	pêdivî ye
ally	hevkar
almanac	almanac
almighty	kane
almond	beîv
aloft	xilas
aloha	aloha
alone	tenê
alongside	li gel
aloof	şaş
aloud	gor
alpha	alpha
alphabet	elfabe
alphabetical	elfabeyî
alpine	alpine
alreadyyyyy	yeksyyyy
altar	mêrab
altar boy	kurê gorîgehê
alter	gûherrandin
alteration	gûherte
altercation	guhertin
altered	guhertin
alternate	dorbidor
alternating	alternatîf
alternative	şûndor
altimeter	altimeter
altitude	bilindayî
alto	alto
altogether	giştî
aluminum	elemyûn
alumnus	alumnus
alveolar	alveolar
alzheimers	NO TRANSLATION
amalgam	amalgam
amalgamation	amalgamation
amaretto	amaretto
amass	amass
amateur	nekarbend
amaze	şaşman
amazed	şaş e
amazedness	NO TRANSLATION
amazement	şaşmayî
amazing	êcêb
amazingly	ecêb
ambassador	sefîr
amber	aqût
ambience	atmosfer
ambient	giran
ambiguity	neheq
ambiguous	nebaş
ambit	heybet
ambition	xîret
ambitious	xîretwar
ambivalent	nefret
ambrosia	ambrosia
ambulance	ereba nexweşan
ambush	paşî
ameliorate	ameliorate
amen	rastî
amenable	berbiçav
amend	serrastkirin
amendment	gûhertinî
amends	amends
amenity	heqê
amethyst	neheq
amiable	amîable
amicable	dostane
amid	diqewime
amidst	li ser
amino	amino
ammo	ammo
ammonia	amonyak
ammonium	ammonium
ammunition	cebhane
amnesia	hişwendatî
amnesty	borîn
amorous	bêhêz
amorphous	bêhêz
amortization	amortization
amount	biha
amour	NO TRANSLATION
amp	amp
ampersand	ampersand
amphetamines	amphetamines
amphibian	amphibian
amphibious	amefibious
amphitheater	amphîtheater
ample	gellek
amplification	amplification
amplify	xûrtkirin
amplitude	amûrbûnê
amply	bêhtir
amputate	jêkirin
amputation	jêkirinî
amuck	şaş
amulet	amûlet
amuse	kêfkirin
amused	nerm
amusement	kêf
amusing	pêkene
ana	NO TRANSLATION
anaconda	anaconda
anaesthesia	anesthesia
anaesthetic	jarepûç
anagram	anagram
anal	anal
analgesic	analgesîk
analogous	analog
analogue	analog
analogy	analog
analysis	lêkolîne
analyst	analîz
analytic	analîtîk
analytical	analîzîkî
analyze	lêkolîn
analyzer	analîz
anaphylactic	anaphylactic
anarchism	anarchist
anarchist	anarchist
anarchy	anarşî
anastomosis	anastomos
anathema	anathema
anatomic	anatomîk
anatomy	enatomî
ancestor	pêşî
ancestral	bavê bavêjin
ancestry	bapîran
anchor	lenger
anchorage	anchorage
ancient	kevnar
ancillary	xerîb
androgen	ûrogen
android	android
anecdote	berbiçav
anemia	anemia
anemic	xwînkêmî
anemone	anemone
anesthesia	anesthesia
anesthesiologist	anesthesiologist
anesthetic	jarepûç
aneurysm	aneurysm
anew	anew
angel	milyaket
angelic	milyaket
anger	hêrs
angered	hêrs
angermanagement	NO TRANSLATION
angina	angina
angiogram	angiogram
angiography	angografî
angle	qozî
angling	angling
angora	angora
angriest	dijwar
angry	hêrsbû
angrytweet	NO TRANSLATION
angst	xist
anguish	xemgîniyê
anguished	xemgîn kirin
angular	kewçêr
anhydrous	bêhêz
animal	teba
animate	jîyandan
animated	animated
animation	jayandarî
animosity	dijminatî
animus	animus
ankle	gûzok
anklet	qeşikê
annals	salan
annex	xanîber
annexation	têkildarî
annexe	NO TRANSLATION
annihilate	qirkirin
annihilated	hilweşandin
annihilation	qirkirinî
anniversary	salveger
annotate	nirxandin
annotation	nirxandin
announce	nasdayin
announcement	daxûyanî
announcer	ragihand
annoy	xûlîkirin
annoyance	hêrs
annoyed	şaş
annoyin	NO TRANSLATION
annoying	hêrsane
annoys	giran
annual	yeksalî
annuity	salê
annul	rakirin
annular	annular
annulment	bişûndekişandinî
annulus	annulus
anointed	xwerû
anointing	rûniştin
anomalous	xemgîn
anomaly	anomaly
anon	anon
anonymity	anonymous
anonymous	bênav
anorexic	anorexic
answer	bersiv
answerable	berpisîyarî
answering	bersîva
ant	gêrîk
antagonism	dijminatî
antagonist	dijber
antagonistic	dijberî
antagonize	li dij şerkirin
ante	NO TRANSLATION
antecedent	antecedent
antelope	xezal
antenna	antên
anterior	nîv
anthem	marş
anthill	girikê gêrîkan
anthology	antolojî
anthrax	anthrax
anthropological	antropolojîk
anthropologist	antropologist
anthropology	antropropolojiyê
anti	dijî
antiaircraft	antîircraft
antibiotic	antîbîyotîk
antibiotics	antibiotics
antichrist	antichrist
anticipate	payin
anticipation	payinî
anticipatory	pêşniyarê
antics	antîk
antidote	dermanê li dijî tiştekî
antifungal	antifungal
antigravity	antigravity
antimony	antimony
antipathy	antipathy
antiquarian	antîbîran
antiquated	berbiçav
antique	kevnar
antiques	etnîkî
antiquity	kevnedem
antiseptic	antîseptîk
antisocial	antisocial
antithesis	antithesis
antithetical	antithetical
antiviral	antiviral
antler	antler
antsy	antsy
anus	qûn
anvil	hors
anxiety	meraq
anxietyattack	NO TRANSLATION
anxious	meraqkirî
anxiousness	xemgîniyê
anytime	herdem
aorta	aorta
aortic	aortic
apace	bêhêz
apache	apache
apartment	mal
apartments	apartments
apathetic	neheq
apathy	neheqî
ape	meymûn
aperture	aperture
apex	serînî
aphid	aphid
aphrodisiac	aphrodisiac
apiece	bistînin
aplomb	aplombê
apocalypse	apocalypse
apocalyptic	apocalyptic
apologetic	borîne
apologist	apologîst
apologize	borîxwestin
apology	borî
apostasy	şandî
apostate	şandî
apostle	rêber
apostolic	şandî
apostrophe	tîpveqetok
apothecary	apothecary
appalled	berbiçav
appalling	xofane
apparatus	hacet
apparel	cilan
apparent	dîyare
apparently	qey
apparition	xuya dike
appeal	lidijrabûn
appear	xûyabûn
appearance	xuyabûnî
appease	sivikkirin
appellant	berbiçav
append	veşartin
appendage	perestgehê
appendectomy	tewrê
appendicitis	sepandin
appendix	revîyê kor
appetite	dilbijîn
appetizer	xemgîniyê
appetizing	xistin
applaud	çepiklêdan
applause	çepik
apple	sêv
apple juice	juê apple
applejack	applejack
applesauce	applesauce
appliance	pêvdank
appliances	pêwist
applicability	bicîhkirinê
applicable	lêtê
applicant	namzêd
application	bikaranînî
apply	bikaranîn
appoint	navkirin
appointment	binavkirî
appointments	rûniştin
apportion	lêgerîn
apportionment	veguhestinê
appraisal	qinetbirrînî
appraise	texmînkirin
appreciable	dilsoz
appreciate	rûmetdan
appreciated	spas kirin
appreciates	pesnê
appreciation	rûmetdanî
appreciative	dilsoz
apprehend	girtin
apprehension	binçavkirinî
apprehensive	nerehet
apprentice	şagird
apprenticeship	dema şagirdîyê
approach	nêzîkbûhatinî
approaching	nêzîk
approbate	NO TRANSLATION
approbation	nirxandin
appropriate	maqûl
appropriation	tezmînatê
approval	qayilî
approve	destûrdan
approved	pejirandin
approvement	erêkirin
approving	pejirandin
approximate	nêzî
approximately	teqrîben
approximating	nêzîk
approximation	nêzîkbûnê
appurtenances	zelal
apricot	mişmiş
apron	pêşmal
apt	apt
aptitude	jêhatî
aqua	aqua
aquamarine	aquamarine
aquarium	kûzikê masîyan
aquatic	ozîkî
aqueduct	pira lûlê avê
aqueous	paqij
arable	arable
arbiter	arbiter
arbitrary	kêfî
arbitrate	lihevanîn
arbitration	lihevanînî
arbitrator	dad
arbor	arbor
arc	taqa
arcade	arcade
arcane	arcane
arch	taqa
archaeological	arkeolojî
archaeologist	arkelog
archaeology	arkelojî
archaic	kevn
archangel	pirtûkxaneyê
archbishop	archbishop
archdiocese	arşîdiocese
archduke	archduke
arched	çêdike
archer	tîrevan
archery	tîravêtin
archetype	archetype
archipelago	girav
architect	mîmar
architectural	avahiyê
architecture	avakarî
archive	arşîv
arctic	arctîk
ardent	êşent
ardor	ardor
arduous	hişk
area	dewer
arena	şermeydan
areola	areola
areyoukidding	NO TRANSLATION
areyoukiddingme	NO TRANSLATION
argent	NO TRANSLATION
argh	argh
arghh	NO TRANSLATION
arghhhh	NO TRANSLATION
argue	şerkirin
argument	bersivk
argumentation	argûmetê
argumentative	şerxwaz
arguments	argûman
arid	hişk
arise	çêbûn
aristocracy	aristocracy
aristocrat	aristocrat
aristocratic	aristocratic
arithmetic	riyazî
ark	arka
arm	pîl
armada	armada
armament	çekkirî
armaments	çekan
armature	çekan
armchair	runiştok
armed	çekkirî
armor	çekdarî
armored	çek kirin
armory	çekxane
armpit	binpî
arms	çek
army	artêş
aroma	tam
aromatherapy	aromatherapy
arousal	zehmet
arouse	hişyarkirin
aroused	hişyar kirin
arraignment	arraignment
arrange	lihevhatin
arranged	birêve kirin
arrangement	ferman
array	rêzî
arrears	jibermayî
arrest	tewqîf
arrhythmia	girtin
arrival	hatinî
arrive	gihîştin
arrogance	pozbilindî
arrogant	pozbilind
arrow	tîr
arsehole	arsehole
arseholes	arseholes
arsenal	embar
arsenic	arsenîk
arson	agirpêxistinî
arsonist	arsonist
art	fen
arterial	arterial
artery	tamar
artful	dilfiraz
arthritis	birîna mofirkan
arthropod	arthropod
artichoke	artichoke
article	tişt
articles	gotarên
articulate	vekirî axaftin
articulation	kişandin
artifact	hunerî
artifice	xerîb
artificial	fenî
artillery	topavêt
artisan	karsaz
artist	Hunermend
artiste	NO TRANSLATION
artistic	hûnermendî
artistry	hunerî
artists	hunermend
artwork	hunerî
arty	arty
asap	asap
asbestos	asbestos
ascend	lêsiwarbûn
ascendancy	rûmet
ascendant	serfiraz
ascending	hilkişînin
ascension	derketin
ascent	ascent
ascertain	têgihiştin
ascertained	diyar kirin
ascetic	hesît
ash	xwelî
ashamed	şermezar
ashes	ashes
ashtray	xwelîdank
asinine	asinine
ask	pirsîn
asleeep	NO TRANSLATION
asleep	nivistî
asp	asp
asparagus	qîvar
aspartame	aspartame
aspect	pêşî
aspects	aliyan
aspen	aspen
asphalt	asfalt
asphyxia	asphyxia
asphyxiation	fetisînî
aspiration	bîhnfirehiyê
aspire	aspire
aspirin	aspirîn
aspiring	dilsoz
ass	ass
assail	xerîb
assailant	xerîb
assassin	mêrkûj
assassinate	kûştin
assassination	mêrkûjî
assault	êriş
assay	assay
assemblage	civînê
assemble	berekirin
assembled	civandin
assembly	civîn
assemblyman	civînê
assent	muxalefetê
assert	îddîakirin
asserting	xistin
assertion	îddîa
assertive	bicî
assess	qîmetbirrîn
assessment	bellîkirinî
assessor	binirxîne
asset	dewlemend
assets	tiştan
asshole	bendek
assign	cîrêdan
assignee	karmendê
assignment	danî
assimilate	asîmîlasyon
assimilation	asîmîlasyonê
assist	alîkirin
assistance	alîkarî
assistant	alîkar
associate	şirîk
association	komel
assorted	tevlihev
assortment	tevlihevî
assuage	birêvebirin
assume	gûmananîn
assumed	fikirîn
assuming	bifikirin
assumption	gumanî
assurance	sîxorte
assure	sîxortekirin
assured	piştrast kirin
assuredly	bi rastî
asterisk	stêrkok
asteroid	asteroid
asteroids	asteroids
asthma	bîntengî
asthmatic	asthmatic
astigmatism	astengmatîzmê
astonish	şaş
astonished	şaş kirin
astonishing	ecêb
astonishingly	NO TRANSLATION
astonishment	ecêbî
astound	şaşkirin
astral	astral
astray	wendabûyî
astringent	çepê
astrologer	astrologer
astrology	falzanî
astronaut	astronot
astronomer	astronomer
astronomical	astronomical
astronomy	stêrnasî
astute	asteng
asunder	asunder
asylum	penaberî
asymmetric	asymmetric
asymmetry	asîmmetry
asymptotic	asymptotic
atelier	atelier
atheism	xwedênenasî
atheist	xwedênenas
atheistic	berbiçav
atherosclerosis	atherosclerosis
athlete	pêhlewan
athletic	athlete
athleticism	athletîkîzmê
athletics	athletics
atlas	erdkifşar
atmosphere	atmosfer
atmospheric	atmosferê
atoll	atoll
atom	atom
atomic	atomî
atone	hêrs
atonement	lêbigere
atpeace	atpeace
atrium	atrium
atrocious	dijwar
atrocity	zordariyê
atrophy	kişandin
attach	pêvcebirandin
attached	ve girêdayî ye
attachment	girêdan
attack	êriş
attacker	êrîşker
attacking	êrîş kirin
attain	bistînin
attainable	gihîştin
attainment	bidestxistin
attempt	ceribandinî
attempted	hewl kirin
attend	amadebûn
attendance	amadetî
attendant	rêheval
attention	baldarî
attentionseeker	NO TRANSLATION
attentionseekers	NO TRANSLATION
attentive	balane
attenuate	bigirin
attenuated	vekişandin
attenuation	qezencê
attest	tesdîqkirin
attestation	destnîşankirin
attic	banî
attire	kincê
attitude	rewş
attorney	parêzvan
attract	sorkirin
attraction	hêza kişînê
attractive	balkêş
attractiveness	balkêş
attributable	nirxandin
attribute	taybetmendiyê
attribution	tevlêbûnê
attrition	kişandin
auburn	mirin
auction	mazat
auctioneer	nîvînek
audacious	pêdivî ye
audacity	hişk
audible	bihîstin
audience	binêrevan
audio	dengê
audit	berçavkirina
audition	seh
auditions	auditions
auditor	lêgerîn
auditorium	jûra gûhdarîyê
auditory	lêgerîn
aught	xerîb
augment	zêdekirin
augmentation	xurtkirin
august	Tebax
aunt	met
auntie	dilxwazî
aura	aura
aurora	aurora
auspices	dirûşm
auspicious	xerîb
austere	hişk
austerity	hişk
authentic	rast
authenticate	tesdîqkirin
authentication	piştrastkirin
authenticity	rastiyê
author	nivîskar
authoritative	desthilatdar
authority	erc
authorization	wekîlkirinî
authorize	ercdan
authorized	desthilatdar
authorship	nivîsarê
autism	xweser
autistic	xweser
auto	otomobîl
autobiographical	oktobiografîk
autobiography	ovografîk
autocorrect	xweser
autocratic	xweser
autograph	destnîşan
autographed	otogoghed
automated	otomatîk
automatic	otomatîkî
automobile	trombêl
automotive	otototîk
autonomy	serxwebûnî
autopilot	otopilot
autopsy	laşnerrînî
autumn	payiz
auxiliary	alîkariyê
avail	avêtin
availability	berdestbûnî
available	berdeste
avalanche	şap
avarice	avarice
avatar	avatar
avenge	heyfgirtin
avenger	avenger
avenging	aveng kirin
avenue	rêya fireh û nexkiri
aver	NO TRANSLATION
average	navoser
aversation	NO TRANSLATION
averse	berbiçav
averseness	averseness
aversion	dilnexwazî
avert	paarastin
aviary	aviary
aviation	hewafirrî
aviator	aviator
avid	dilkûrî
avocado	avocado
avoid	bergirtin
avoidance	jiseravêtinî
avoiding	avêtin
await	payin
awake	hişyar
awaken	hişyar bû
awakening	hişyariyê
award	xelatkirin
awards	xelatên
aware	zanestî
awareness	zanetî
awe	NO TRANSLATION
awed	awed
awesome	ecêb
awesomeness	awesomeness
awestruck	berbiçav
awful	xofane
awkward	nezan
awkwardness	hişyariyê
awning	sîdank
awry	hişyar
axe	bivir
axial	axî
axiom	axiom
axiomatic	axiyomatî
axis	pişt
axle	hespik
ay	ay
aye	aye
azimuth	azimuth
azure	azure
babble	pêlav
babbling	bavêjin
babe	babe
baboon	meymûn
baby	bebek
babysit	babysit
babysitter	dikişînin
baccalaureate	baccalaureate
baccarat	baccarat
bachelor	azeb
bachelorette	bachelorette
back	paş
backboard	paşde
backbone	wersel
backdoor	backdoor
backdrop	paşde
backer	piştevan
backfire	piştfireh
backgammon	backgammon
background	paşî
backhand	paşde
backhoe	paşê
backoff	paşde
backpack	turê piştê
backpacker	backpacker
backroom	odeyek
backseat	paşê
backside	paşde
backtrack	paşde
backup	backup
backward	paşde
backwardness	paşde
backwards	berbipaş
backwater	paşwarê
backwoods	paşê
backyard	piştevaniya
bacon	dohn
bacteria	bakterî
bacterial	bacterial
bacterium	bacterium
bad	xerab
badass	xirab
badday	NO TRANSLATION
badfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
badge	nîşan
badger	xerîb
badhabit	NO TRANSLATION
badly	xirab
badness	xirab
baffle	şaşkirin
baffled	şaş kirin
bag	tûr
bagel	bagel
baggage	bar
baggie	baggie
baggy	gûpbûyî
bagman	bagman
bagpipes	bagpipes
bail	berdêlk
bailiff	xulama dadgehê
bait	xûp
bake	birajtin
bakery	birajtegeh
baking	balkêş
bal	NO TRANSLATION
balance	bîlanço
balanced	dûr
balcony	balkon
bald	rût
balding	balding
baldy	baldyeyê
bale	bale
balk	balk
ball	gog
ballad	ballad
ballast	qalikê
ballerina	danskar
ballet	ballet
ballgame	ballgame
ballistic	balîstîk
ballistics	balkêş
balloon	balon
ballot	helbijartina veşartî
ballpark	ballpark
ballplayer	ballplayer
ballpoint	ballpoint
ballroom	balafir
ballsy	balkêş
balm	balm
balmy	balyûm
balsam	balsam
balsamic	balsamîk
bam	bam
bamboo	saz
ban	NO TRANSLATION
banana	mûz
band	koma
bandage	paçê birînpêçanê
bandanna	NO TRANSLATION
bandit	şêlevanê
bandstand	bandstand
bandwagon	bandwagon
bandwidth	bandwidth
bane	bane
bang	bang
banger	banger
banish	jicihkirin
banished	qedexekirin
banishment	destûr
banister	banister
banjo	banjo
bank	banke
banker	bankevan
banking	banking
bankroll	bankal
bankrupt	deyndar
bankruptcy	îflas
banner	banner
banquet	banqet
banshee	banshee
banter	banter
banzai	NO TRANSLATION
baptism	waftîz
baptismal	imadkar im
baptize	waftîzkirin
bar	bar
barb	barb
barbarian	bejî
barbaric	bejîtî
barbarism	barbarîzmê
barbecue	barbecue
barbed	barbed
barber	pûrtkûrkirê
barbershop	barbershop
barbie doll	doll bikini
bard	bard
bare	tazî
bareback	bareback
barefoot	pêxwas
barely	wekî tûne
barf	barf
bargain	kirrîna firsendî
bargaining	bargiraniyê
barge	barbilindker
baritone	baritone
barium	barium
bark	ewtînî
barkeep	barkeep
barks	barks
barley	ceh
barmaid	barmaid
barman	barman
barn	stewr
barnacle	barnacle
barney	barney
barnyard	barnyard
barometer	barometer
baron	baron
baroness	baroness
baroque	baroque
barrack	barrack
barracuda	barracuda
barrage	berxwedanê
barred	berbiçav
barrel	kûp
barren	bikêrnayê
barricade	berbirr
barrier	bend
barring	asteng
barrister	parêzvan
barroom	barok
barrow	berbiçav
bartender	sifrevan barê
barter	bihevgûherrandin
base	bingeh
baseball	baseball
baseball bat	basball bat
baseboard	basboard
baseless	bêbawer
baseline	bingehîn
baseman	baseman
basement	qatê kîler
bases	bingehîn
bash	bash
bashful	fedîkar
basic	bingehîn
basics	bingehîn
basil	basil
basilica	basilica
basin	destşo
basis	bingeh
bask	bask
basket	sellik
basketball	basketbolê
bass	bass
bass guitar	guitar
basso	NO TRANSLATION
bassoon	bassoon
bastard	bastard
bastarding	bastard
bastards	berevanan
bastion	parçe
bat	paçmêlk
batch	batch
batching	veguhestin
bate	NO TRANSLATION
bath	serşo
bathe	serşûştin
bathhouse	xanî
bathing	firotin
bathrobe	qapûtê serşûştinê
bathroom	jura serşoyê
bathtub	serşok
bathymetry	şevê
baton	baton
battalion	balkalion
batter	batter
battered	battered
battering	battering
battery	pîl
battle	şer
battled	şer kirin
battlefield	meydana şer
battleground	qada şer
battlements	şer
battleship	gemîya şer
batty	batty
bauble	bauble
bawdy	bawdy
bawl	bawl
bay	qozav
bayonet	xencer
bayou	bayou
bazaar	bazar
bazooka	bazooka
bday	bday
be	be
beach	berav
beaches	deryayan
beacon	agirronî
bead	bead
beading	berbiçav
beads	masî
beady	beady
beagle	beagle
beak	nikil
beaker	beaker
beam	ronîtîrêj
beaming	şîn
bean	fasûlî
beanbag	telîsê fasoliyan
beanie	beanie
bear	hirç
bearable	têkiş
beard	rî
bearded	êş
bearer	hişk
bearing	bîlye
bearings	dordîtinî
bearish	hişk
bearskin	bearskin
beast	teba
beastly	bêhêz
beat	lêdan
beaten	xistin
beater	xwarinê
beating	lêdan
beatnik	beatnik
beau	beau
beautification	çêkirin
beautiful	bedew
beautify	xweş bikin
beauty	çelengî
beaver	qûndûz
bebop	bebop
beck	bikişînin
beckon	bibînin
become	bûyin
bed	nivîn
bedding	rûnivîn
bedpan	bedpan
bedrock	bedrock
bedroom	jura razanê
bedside	bedside
bedspread	bedspread
bedtime	dema razanê
bee	mêşa hûngiv
beef	goştê dewêr
beefsteak	beefsteak
beehive	darikê mêşan
beep	şîr
beeper	beeper
beer	bîra
bees	masî
beeswax	beeswax
beetle	kêzxatûn
befall	bibe
befitting	çêkirin
befriend	heval
befuddled	befuddled
beg	parsêkirin
beggar	parsek
begging	lê digotin
begin	destpêkirin
beginner	despêkevan
beginning	destpêk
beginnings	destpêkirin
begrudge	begrudge
begun	dest pê kir
behappy	NO TRANSLATION
behave	xwenîşandan
behavior	xwenîşandinî
behavioral	tevgerî
behemoth	bexş
behest	bistînin
behold	Va ye
beholden	bibînin
beholder	balkêş
beige	rengê xakî
belated	belaş kirin
belay	belay
belch	qirpikhilanîn
belief	bawerî
believable	bawertê
believe	bawerîn
believed	bawerî
believer	bawervan
believing	bawerî
belittle	daxistin
belittled	derxistin
bell	zengil
bellboy	bellboy
bellhop	bellhop
belligerent	şerxwaz
bellman	bellman
bellow	bellow
bellows	celeb
belly	zik
bellybutton	bellybutton
bellyful	belengaz
belong	yêwêbûn
belongings	hebûyî
beloved	hezkirî
belt	qayiş
beluga	beluga
bemused	bemused
bench	dika
bend	xwarkirin
bender	bender
bending	bendê
beneath	bin
benedictory	benedictory
benefactor	xêrxwaz
beneficial	kêrtê
beneficiary	lêtê
benefit	fêde
benevolence	berbiçav
benevolent	bêhêz
benign	benign
bent	xar
benzene	benzene
bequeath	şaş
bequest	serketinê
bereaved	xemgîn kirin
bereavement	xemgîniyê
bereft	bereft
beret	beret
bergamot	bergamot
berlin	berlin
berserk	berserk
berth	berth
beryllium	beryllium
beseech	xerîb
beset	beset
bestdayever	baştirîn roja hemû deman
bestfeeling	bestfeeling
bestfriends	hûn gelek rindikin
bestial	çêtirîn
besties	baş
bestow	dayin
bestseller	bestseller
bet	şertgirî
beta	beta
betray	xîyanetkirin
betrayal	xîyanet
betrayed	betal kirin
betrothed	betal kirin
betterment	çêtirîn
betting	betting
betty	betal
bevel	bevel
beverage	vexwarok
bevy	bîhnxweş
beware	balgirtin
bewilder	bekilder
bewildered	hilweşandin
bewilderment	hilweşandin
bias	bîr
biased	berbiçav
bib	berdilk
bible	încîl
biblical	încîlî
bibliography	bibliography
bicarbonate	bicarbonate
bicentennial	bicentennial
biceps	pişk
bicker	bicker
bickering	balkering
bicolor	bicolor
bicycle	hespê hessinî
bid	pêşnîyar
bidder	bidestxistin
bidding	dozkirinê
bide	NO TRANSLATION
biennial	bi bîranîn
bier	NO TRANSLATION
bifurcation	paqijkirin
big	mezin
bigamy	yekjinî
bigday	bigday
biggestfear	NO TRANSLATION
biggie	biggie
bighorn	bighorn
bigmouth	bigmouth
bigot	hişyar
bigoted	bigire
bigotry	hişk
bike	bike
biker	biker
bikini	derpîyê ajnê
bilateral	dualî
bilayer	bilayer
bile	qulikê
bilge	bilge
bilingual	dûzimanî
bill	hesab
billboard	qulikê
billet	billet
billiard	xerîb
billiards	bîlardo
billing	diravkirin
billion	milyar
billionaire	mîlyararê
billy	billy
bimbo	bimbo
bimonthly	bimîne
bin	kupê
binary	binary
bind	bihevgirêdan
binder	hevgirêk
bindery	bindery
binding	binding
bing	bing
binge	binge
bingo	bingo
binocular	binocular
binoculars	durbîn
binomial	binomial
bio	bio
biochemical	biochemical
biochemist	biochemist
biochemistry	biochemistry
biogenesis	biogenesis
biographer	biyograf
biography	biography
biological	biyolojîk
biologist	jîyanzan
biology	jîyanzanî
bionic	bionic
biopsy	biopsî
biosphere	biosphere
bipartite	biparêze
bipolar	bipolar
birch	birch
bird	teyr
birdcage	birdcage
birdie	birdie
birdman	birdman
birth	zayîn
birthday	rojbûn
birthing	birthing
birthmark	şanik
birthplace	cihê jidayikbûnê
birthright	jidayikbûnê
bis	NO TRANSLATION
biscuit	piskûvrît
bisexual	bisexual
bishop	keşîş
bison	bison
bisque	bisque
bistro	bistro
bit	gem
bitch	dêlik
bitchy	xemgîn
bite	devlêkir
biter	NO TRANSLATION
bitsy	bitsy
bitter	tal
bitterly	hêrs
bitterness	talî
bittersweet	bittersweet
bitty	bitty
bitumen	bitikîne
biweekly	biweekly
biz	biz
bizarre	dîn
blab	borik
blabbermouth	blabbermouth
black	reş
black snake	marê reş
blackberry	tûyê dirîreşk
blackbird	çivîk
blackboard	textê dîwêr
blacken	reş
blackface	rengê
blackjack	blackjack
blacklist	lîsteyê
blackmail	xûkxwazî
blackmailer	reş
blackness	reş
blackout	berbiçav
blacksmith	nalbend
bladder	ziravê
blade	zîl
blame	sûc
blameless	bêsuc
bland	girêdayî
blank	vala
blanket	lihêv
blare	xerîb
blase	NO TRANSLATION
blasphemous	neheq
blasphemy	kûfûrbazî
blast	teqîn
blaster	blaster
blastoff	teqîn
blatant	berbiçav
blather	bêdeng
blaze	şaş
blazer	blazer
blazing	blazing
bleach	dermanê spîkirinê
bleak	xwîn
bleed	xwînbûn
bleeder	xwînê
bleeding	bixwîn
bleep	xew
blemish	kêmasî
blemished	şaş
blend	tevlihevî
blender	blender
blending	tevlihevkirin
bless	bereketkirin
blessed	pîroz be
blessing	bereket
blessings	pîroz
bleu	bleu
blight	şaş
blighted	tirsandin
blimp	şaş
blind	kor
blinded	kor kirin
blindfold	paçê ber çav
blindfolded	çavê kor
blinding	kor
blindly	kor
blindness	korî
blink	çavavîtin
blip	borîn
bliss	kêfxweş
blissful	xemgîn
blister	nepixoka
blistering	berbiçav
blitz	blitz
blizzard	bahoza befrê
bloat	bloat
bloated	nepixî
blob	blob
block	deste
blockade	pêşgirtinî
blockage	asteng
blockbuster	blockbuster
blockhead	blokê
blog	blogê
bloke	bloke
blond	zêrîn
blonde	zer
blood	xwîn
bloodbath	xwînê
bloodhound	xwînê
bloodless	xwîn
bloodline	xwînê
bloodshed	xwînrêjî
bloodshot	xwînê
bloodstream	xwînê
bloodthirsty	xwînê
bloody	xûnî
bloom	bloyan
bloomers	bloom
blooming	borîn
blossom	çîçeka
blot	borîn
blotched	xist
blotter	balkêş
blouse	berdil
blow	nepixandin
blower	qirêj
blowfish	şewitandin
blowing	firotin
blowjob	blowjob
blown	hilweşandin
blowout	teqîn
blowtorch	blowtorch
blubber	dohnê
bluddy	berbiçav
blue	şîn
blue spruce	spî
blueberry	tû
bluebird	bluebird
bluegrass	bluegrass
bluejay	bluejay
blueprint	hûrgelan
blues	blues
bluff	şaş
bluish	hêrs
blunder	şaş
blunt	ko
blur	çerm
blurred	şaş kirin
blurry	bêdeng
blurt	bêdeng
blush	sorbûn
blushing	bi sorbûn
boa	NO TRANSLATION
boa constrictor	NO TRANSLATION
boar	firotanê
board	pêşewarî
board game	lîstikê de
boarder	NO TRANSLATION
boarding	şandin
boardroom	odeyê
boards	deveran
boardwalk	boardwalk
boast	pesnêxwedan
boastful	pesnêxwedanî
boasting	şaş kirin
boat	qeyik
boathouse	firotanê
boating	şewitandin
boatload	zû
boatman	qutikê
bobbin	bobbin
bobcat	bobcat
bobsled	bobsled
bode	bode
bodega	bodega
bodice	bodikê
bodily	bedenî
body	beden
bodyguard	bedenparêz
bog	avgen
bogey	bogey
bogeyman	bogeyman
bogus	bogus
bohemian	bohemî
boil	kelandin
boiler	beroşa dûxanê
boilerplate	pelê
boiling	avê
boisterous	bermîl
bold	hesabî
boldness	zordariyê
bollocks	bollocks
bolster	xistin
bolt	mendel
bolus	bolus
bomb	bimbe
bombard	bombebaran
bombardier	bombardier
bombardment	bombebaranê
bombed	bombebaran kirin
bomber	bimbebaranker
bombers	bombebaran
bombing	êrişa bimbe
bombshell	bombehell
bonanza	bonanza
bonbon	NO TRANSLATION
bond	ferzîye
bondage	xwekarî
bonding	peywendiyê
bonds	girêdan
bondsman	bondsman
bone	hestî
bonehead	honehead
boner	boner
bones	hestiyên
bonfire	bonfire
bong	bong
bonkers	bonkers
bonne	NO TRANSLATION
bonnet	devik
bonny	bonny
bonsai	bonsai
bonus	xelat
bony	bony
boo	bûk
boob	boob
booby	bîr
booger	bîkger
boogeyman	boogeyman
boogie	boogie
book	pirtûk
bookcase	refê pirtûkan
bookie	bookie
booking	veqetandin
bookish	pirtûkxanê
bookkeeper	deftergir
bookkeeping	pirtûkxaneyê
booklet	pirtûkok
bookmaker	pirtûkxaneyê
bookmark	pirtûkxane
books	pirtûka
bookseller	pirtûkker
bookshop	pirtûkxaneyê
bookstore	pitûkfiroşgeh
bookworm	pirtûkxaneyê
boom	boom
boomer	boomer
boomerang	boomerang
booming	berxwedana
boon	boon
boooo	NO TRANSLATION
boost	zexmkirinî
booster	boster
boot	baxaj
booth	diranê
bootleg	bootleg
bootlegger	bootlegger
boots	pêlav
booty	booty
booze	bîze
bop	bop
bopper	bopper
border	hidûd
bordering	xerîb
borderline	sînor
bore	kolîn
boreal	bîral
bored	bor
boredom	acizî
borer	borer
boring	acizkir
born	zayî
boron	boron
borough	navçeyê
borrow	deyngirtin
borrower	deyndar
bosom	bosom
boss	şef
bossy	têrnebûyina erckirinê
boston	boston
botanical	botanîkî
botanist	botanîst
botany	gîhazanî
bother	ked
bothering	xemgîniyê
bottle	şûşe
bottleneck	şirket
bottling	bottling
bottom	erd
bottomless	bêerd
botulism	botulîzmê
boulder	teht
bounce	hilpekîn
bouncer	bouncer
bouncy	balkêş
bound	sînor
boundary	tixûb
boundless	bêtixûb
bounds	sînor
bountiful	dilsoz
bounty	kerema xwe
bouquet	balkêş
bourbon	borbon
bourgeois	bourgeois
bourgeoisie	bourgeoisie
bourse	axaftinê
bout	qirêj
boutique	boutique
bouttime	bouttime
bovine	bovine
bow	xwexarkirinî
bowed	xweş kirin
bowel	tewra
bowels	tewra
bowl	tas
bowler	bowler
bowling	bowling
bowls	kevir
box	qûtîk
boxcar	boxcar
boxer	boksvan
boxers	boxer
boxing	boxing
boy	xort
boycott	boycott
boyfriend	heval
boyhood	boyhood
boyish	boyish
boysenberry	boysenberry
bozo	bozo
bra	pêsîrveşêr
brace	derzî
bracelet	bazin
braces	şewitandin
brachial	braçal
bracket	derzî
brackets	karkerên
brackish	kişandin
brad	brad
brag	pesnêxwedan
braid	kêlekbend
brain	mejî
brainless	bêhêz
brains	dil
brainstorm	hişk
brainwash	mejîşûştinî
brainy	mêjî
brake	frên
bran	bran
branch	liq
branching	damezrandin
brand	şanika şewatê
brandy	alkol
brash	şaş
brass	tûnc
brass knuckle	kulikê
brassiere	brassiere
brat	brat
bratwurst	bratwurst
bravado	bravado
brave	jîr
bravery	jîrî
brawl	brawl
brawn	hişk
brazen	brazen
breach	binpêkirin
bread	nan
breadth	nîv
break	şikesta
breakable	dişkê
breakaway	şaş
breakdown	qeza
breaker	xwenîşandanek
breakers	xwenîşandan
breakfast	taştê
breaking and entering	şikandin û têkevin
breakingnews	nûçeya lezgîn
breakneck	berbiçav
breakthrough	jiberderketinî
breakup	tevlîkirin
breast	pêsîr
breath	bîn
breathe	bîngirtin
breather	şîn
breathless	bêbîn
breathtaking	kişandin
breech	borç
breeches	germ
breed	nîjad
breeder	breeder
breeding	kedî
breeze	hewa hênik
breezy	şewitandin
brethren	birayên
breve	NO TRANSLATION
brevity	birçîbûnê
brew	bîrameyandin
brewery	bîrameyanxane
brewing	brewing
briar	briar
bribe	diravê bertîlê
bribery	bertîlî
brick	krêmît
bridal	keçikê
bride	bûk
bridegroom	zava
bridesmaid	berbûk
bridge	pir
bridle	zirav
brief	kin
briefcase	çentê bêlgan
briefing	fermanan
briefly	kûrt
brig	tîrêj
brigade	hêz
bright	ronî
brighten	ronahî
brightens	ronahî dike
brighter	zehf
brightness	ronahî
brilliance	şikilî
brilliant	birqanî
brim	kêlek
brimming	tirsa
brimstone	brimstone
brine	xwê
bring	anîn
brink	zirav
brisk	zû
brisket	brisket
bristle	bistînin
brittle	dişkê
bro	bro
broach	broach
broad	fireh
broadcast	weşandin
broadcasting	weşandin
broaden	weşandin
broadside	broadside
broadsword	broadsword
brocade	brokade
broccoli	broccoli
brochure	pirtûkok
broil	broil
broke	îflasî
broken	şikestî
brokenheart	NO TRANSLATION
brokenhearted	şaş kirin
broker	simsar
brokerage	brokerage
bromide	bromide
bronco	bronco
bronze	tunc
brooch	pelik
brood	kevir
brooding	brooding
brook	çemik
broom	melkis
broomstick	broomstick
broth	bira
brothel	zilamê
brother	brak
brotherhood	birayên
brotherly	birayê
brow	bor
brown	qehweyî
brownstone	rengî
browse	hilbijêre
brrr	brrr
bruise	birîna şîn
bruising	dirûşm
brunch	xwar
brunette	brunette
brunt	dirûşm
brush	firçe
brutal	wehşîyane
brutality	bêwîjdanî
brute	şewitandin
brutish	neheq
bubble	nepixok
bubbling	balkling
bubbly	bubbly
bubonic	bubonic
buck	buck
buckaroo	buckaroo
bucket	satil
buckle	qeyd
buckled	balkled
bucko	bucko
buckshot	buckshot
buckwheat	buckwheat
bud	bişkovê
buddha	buddha
buddhism	Budîzm
buddhist	budaparêz
budding	heval
buddy	heval
budge	budçe
budget	sermîyan
buff	çermê
buffalo	gamêş
buffer	bêdeng
buffering	bifroş
buffet	bêdeng
buffoon	çermê
bug	rûnask
bugaboo	bugaboo
bugged	barged
bugger	bugger
buggy	buggy
bugle	balkêş
bugler	bugler
build	avakirin
builder	avaker
building	avahî
buildings	avahiyan
buildup	ezê te bibînim
bulb	blob
bulbous	berbiçav
bulge	xwarbûnî
bulimic	bulimic
bulk	pîvank
bulkhead	kişandin
bulky	qewî
bull	ga
bulldog	bulldog
bulldozer	qrêder
bullet	gûlle
bulletin	nasdayin
bulletproof	bulletproof
bullfighter	bullfighter
bullfrog	bullfrog
bullheaded	bullheaded
bullhorn	bullhorn
bullion	bullion
bullock	bullock
bullpen	bullpen
bullshit	bullshit
bully	zordariyê
bulwark	berbiçav
bum	kûlîmek
bumblebee	moz
bummed	bummed
bummer	bummer
bump	werma
bumper	darikê lêketinê
bumpy	bumpy
bun	NO TRANSLATION
bunch	qeyikê
bundle	deste
bungalow	bungalow
bungee	bungee
bunghole	mirin
bunion	bunion
bunk	kozika raketinê
bunker	kozik
bunkhouse	bunkhouse
bunny	kevroşk
bunt	bunt
buoy	kûndûrav
buoyancy	dilsoz
buoyant	xemgîn
bur	bur
burden	bar
burdened	giran
burdensome	giran
bureau	buroya
bureaucracy	bûrokrasî
bureaucrat	burokrasiyê
bureaucratic	burokratîk
burger	burger
burglar	diz
burglary	dizî
burial	binerdkirinî
buried	şandin
burke	burke
burlap	burlap
burlesque	burlesque
burly	xwar
burn	birîna şewatê
burned	şewitandin
burner	şewitandin
burning	şewitandin
burnished	şewitandin
burnout	şewitandin
burnt	şewitandin
burp	burp
burr	burr
burrito	burrito
burro	NO TRANSLATION
burrow	borîn
bursary	bursary
burst	çêdike
bury	binerdkirin
bus	bas
busboy	otobusê
bush	devî
bushel	otêlekê
bushy	bûk
business	dikan
business man	NO TRANSLATION
businessman	aborvan
businesswoman	aborvan
busload	barkirinê
buss	buss
bust	bûr
busted	berbiçav
buster	otobusê
bustle	kulikê
bustling	hêşîn
busy	bikar
busybody	balkêş
butane	asayî
butcher	serjêker
butler	xûlam
butt	bît
butter	runê nîvişk
buttercup	lêgerîn
butterfly	pinpinîk
buttermilk	mûzek
butterscotch	butterscotch
buttery	zêrîn
buttock	kişandin
buttocks	kûlîmek
button	pişkov
buttress	sîteyê
buxom	buxom
buy	kirrîn
buyer	kirrîvan
buying	kirînê
buzz	pispisîn
buzzard	teyrê baz
buzzed	şaş kirin
buzzer	dengdar
buzzing	kişandin
bye	xatirê te
bygone	bygone
bylaw	alî
byline	byline
bypass	rêya dorhalî
bystander	binêr
byte	byte
byzantine	byzantine
cab	cab
cabal	cabal
cabana	cabana
cabaret	cabaret
cabbage	lihane
cabbie	cabbie
cabernet	cabernet
cabin	koz
cabinet	şêwr
cable	kablo
caboodle	caboodle
caboose	caboose
cabriolet	cabriolet
cache	cache
cacophony	cacophony
cactus	dirrîçîçek
cad	kad
cadaver	cadaver
caddie	NO TRANSLATION
caddy	caddy
cadence	cadence
cadet	leşkera ecemî
cafe	qahwexane
cafeteria	kafeteriya
caffeine	kofeyîn
cage	qefes
cagey	cagey
cahoots	cahoots
cairn	cenazeyê
cake	paste
cakewalk	cakewalk
calamari	calamari
calamitous	xemgîn
calamity	xemgîniyê
calcareous	pêdivî ye
calcium	kalsîyum
calculate	hesabkirin
calculated	hesab kirin
calculating	hesabkirin
calculation	hesabkirînî
calculator	hesabker
calculus	krîza
calendar	salname
calender	NO TRANSLATION
calf	golik
caliber	pîvana
calibrate	paqijkirin
calico	calico
calipers	calipers
calisthenics	calisthenics
call	bang
callback	kişandin
caller	bangê
calligraphy	peywendiyê
calling	bang dikin
callous	zilam
calls	bang dikin
calm	bêdeng
calming	aram
calmness	bêdengî
caloric	calorîk
calorie	kalorî
calorimeter	calorimeter
cam	cam
camaraderie	camaraderie
camber	camber
camcorder	camcorder
camel	hoştir
cameo	cameo
camera	kamîra
cameraman	kameraman
camisole	camisole
camouflage	xweveşartinî
camouflaged	NO TRANSLATION
camp	cîkon
campaign	bêşvekirin
campaigner	kampanyar
campaigning	kampanyayê
camper	camer
campfire	campfire
camping	kampanê
campsite	meydana kon
campus	meydana zankoyê
can	qûtîk
can opener	dikare vekin
canal	cihok
canary	canary
cancel	bişûndekirin
canceling	betal bikin
cancellation	bişûndekirinî
cancer	qansêr
candid	vekirî
candidacy	namzetê
candidate	namzêd
candied	şewitandin
candle	find
candlelight	şewitandinê
candles	şam
candlestick	şikir
candor	kondor
candy	şêranî
cane	lûle
canine	xwarin
canister	kûz
canker	canker
cannabis	çûn
canned	vexwarinê
cannibal	mirovxwar
cannibalism	mirovxwarî
canning	canning
cannon	top
cannonball	cannonball
canoe	qeyik
canon	canon
canonical	canonical
canons	canon
canopy	sîvan
cantaloupe	cantaloupe
cantbreathe	NO TRANSLATION
canteen	aşxane
canterbury	canterbury
canthandleit	NO TRANSLATION
cantilever	cantilever
cantina	cantina
canto	NO TRANSLATION
canton	kantona
cantstandit	NO TRANSLATION
cantwin	cantwin
canvas	çîta qeyikan
canvass	NO TRANSLATION
canyon	newala tehtan
cap	devik
capability	zanyarî
capable	zane
capacity	kanîn
cape	çelixte
caper	kapker
capillary	kişandin
capital	paytext
capitalism	sermîyandarî
capitalist	sermîyandar
capitalize	kapîtalîzmê
capitals	kapîtaliyan
capitation	kapîtaliyê
capitol	kapîtol
capitulation	kapîtalîzmê
cappuccino	cappuccino
caprice	caprice
capricious	xurt
caps	kûçikan
capslock	capslock
capsule	capsule
captain	kaptan
caption	têketin
captivate	girtin
captivating	derxistin
captive	girtî
captivity	girtîbûnî
captor	girtiyê
capture	girtin
car	trimbêl
caramel	caramel
carat	carat
caravan	trimbêla malî
carbon	karbonat
carburetor	carburetor
carcass	laş
carcinoma	carcinoma
card	qert
cardboard	qarton
cardiac	cardiac
cardigan	cardigan
cardinal	cardinal
cardiologist	cardiologist
cardiology	cardiolojiyê
cardiomyopathy	cardiomyopathy
cards	karta
care	bibalî
career	pêşveçûnî
carefree	bêbal
careful	balî
carefully	bi baldarî
careless	jiseravê
carelessness	jiseravêtinî
caress	evîntî
caret	caret
caretaker	karmend
cargo	bar
caribou	caribou
caricature	caricature
caries	kiryaran
caring	dermankirin
carjack	carjack
carnage	kûjarî
carnal	carnal
carnation	qernefîl
carnival	qarnewal
carnivorous	xwarinê
carol	carol
carols	keviran
carousel	carousel
carp	çemmasî
carpal	carpal
carpenter	necar
carpentry	necarî
carpet	ferş
carpeting	xemgîniyê
carpool	karmendê
carriage	erebok
carried	pêk tê
carrier	barkêş
carrot	gizêr
carry	hilgirtin
carrying	birin
carsick	erebeyan
cart	ereboka destan
carte	NO TRANSLATION
cartel	kartel
carter	karker
cartilage	hêstok
cartographic	kartografîk
cartography	kartography
carton	karton
cartoon	wênê pêkenok
cartouche	NO TRANSLATION
cartridge	fîşek
carve	darkûrkirin
carver	carver
carving	darkûrkirxane
cascade	cascade
case	doz
casein	casein
cash	perê pêşîn
cashier	diravgir
cashmere	kemmere
casing	têkildarî
casino	xazîno
cask	cask
casket	tabût
casserole	casserole
cassette	kincê
cast	avdan
castaway	kevir
caste	kastê
caster	kastê
castle	birc
castor	kelek
castrate	xesîn
castration	kelepkirinê
casual	tesadûfî
casually	bi awayekî
casualty	qûrban
cat	pisîk
catabolism	catabolîzmê
catalog	ketelog
catalogue	ketelog
catalysis	catalysis
catalyst	katalîtal
catalytic	catalytîk
catamaran	catamaran
catapult	qirêj
cataract	cataract
catastrophe	hetik
catastrophic	cefayê
catatonic	catatonic
catch	girtin
catcher	bikişînin
catching	bikişînin
catchphrase	çepê
catchy	balkêş
catechism	catechîzmê
categorical	categorî
category	liq
cater	xwarin şandin
caterer	katerer
caterpillar	maşot
cates	kalan
catfish	kişandin
cathartic	cathartîk
cathedral	dêr
catheter	qeyikê
catholic	katolîk
cathouse	cathouse
catnip	qirikê
cattle	terş
catwalk	catwalk
caucus	kongreyê
caudal	caudal
cauldron	cauldron
cauliflower	lihane
caulk	kulikê
causal	sedem
causality	sedem
causation	sedem
cause	semed
caused	bûye
causeway	sedem
caution	baldaynî
cautionary	hişyariyê
cautious	balî
cautiously	hişyar
cavalier	cavalier
cavalry	artêşa peyade
cave	şikeft
caveat	caveat
caveman	caveman
cavern	berxef
cavernous	cavernous
caviar	caviar
caving	cave
cavity	qûl
cayenne	cayenne
cease	destjêberdan
ceasefire	agirbest
ceaseless	bête
cedar	îvirs
cede	cede
ceiling	lihêf
celebrant	celebrant
celebrate	kêfkirin
celebrated	pîroz kirin
celebrating	pîroz dikin
celebration	kêfî
celebrations	pîroz
celebratory	pîroz
celebrity	pîroz
celery	kerfes
celestial	celestial
celibacy	bêgarî
celibate	celibate
cell	koşik
cellar	kîler
cellblock	cellblock
cellist	hucreker
cellmate	hucreyek
cello	cello
cellophane	cellophane
cellular	cellular
cellulite	cellulite
celluloid	celluloid
cement	çîmento
cemented	cemented
cemetery	goristan
censor	sansorvan
censorship	sansor
censure	pêqeherîn
census	giştejimar
cent	sed
centenary	navendî
centennial	navîn
center	navîne
centerfold	navendê
centerpiece	navendî
centimeter	santîm
centipede	kêzika hezarpê
central	navî
centrality	navendî
centralization	navendîbûnê
centralize	binavînkirin
centrally	navendî
centrifugal	centrifugal
centrifuge	navendî
centurion	sersediyan
century	sedsal
ceramic	kevirî
ceramics	ceramîk
cereal	zad
cereals	çar
cerebral	cerebral
ceremonial	şênayî
ceremony	şênayî
certain	qetî
certainty	bêpirsî
certifiable	nirxandin
certificate	şehade
certified	pejirandin
certify	şehadtkirin
cervical	cervical
cervix	cervix
cess	ces
cessation	kişandin
cesspool	cespool
cha cha	NO TRANSLATION
chaff	kêş
chafing	kişandin
chagrin	xemgîniyê
chagrined	xemgîn
chai	chai
chain	merbend
chainsaw	chainsaw
chair	kûrsî
chairman	pêşewar
chairperson	serokê
chairwoman	serokê
chaise	şaş
chalet	chalet
chalice	chalice
chalk	teneşûr
challenge	meydanxwazî
challenger	meydanxwaz
chamber	erzaqxane
chambermaid	chambermaid
chambers	odeyên
chameleon	xemgîniyê
champ	şamp
champagne	şampanya
champion	hoste
championship	mamostetî
chance	tesadûf
chancellor	serokwezîr
chandelier	xemgîn
chandler	çandî
change	gûherrandinî
changeable	digûherr
changed	guhertin
changer	guhertin
changing	guhertin
channel	qenal
chant	çêdike
chaos	serobinî
chaotic	serobin
chap	çapê
chapel	kom
chaperon	chaperon
chaplain	keşe
chapman	chapman
chaps	xemgîn
chapter	beş
char	char
character	şexsîyet
characteristic	taybetî
characterize	taybetmendiyê
charade	kemade
charcoal	komir
chardonnay	chardonnay
charge	biha
chargeable	berpirsiyar
charger	lêgerîn
chariot	karsaziyê
charisma	karisma
charismatic	karîzmê
charitable	karûbar
charity	mirovhezî
charlatan	charlatan
charm	sihêr
charmed	balkêş
charmer	xerîb
charming	qeşeng
charred	xemgîniyê
chart	qebale
charter	qebalegirtin
chartered	kir
chase	neçirîn
chased	tengahî
chaser	qezencê
chasm	xemgîn
chassis	xemgîn
chaste	pîroz
chastened	cezakirin
chastisement	cezayê
chastity	kerema xwe
chat	galgalî
chateau	çarçoveya
chatter	çîrek
chatterbox	chatterbox
chattering	çêdike
chatty	chatty
chauffeur	ajovan
chauvinist	chauvinist
cheap	erzan
cheapened	erzan
cheapskate	erzan
cheat	xapandin
cheater	şîret
check	berçavkirinî
checkbook	checkbook
checker	Checker
checkered	lêpirsîn
checkers	kontrolker
checklist	checklist
checkmate	checkmate
checkout	lêkolîn
checkpoint	cihê berçavkirinê
checkup	jidestderbaskirin
cheek	rû
cheeks	giyan
cheeky	xemgîn
cheep	bikişînin
cheer	kêfhatinî
cheered	şêrîn
cheerful	şa
cheerfulness	dilxweşiyê
cheering	dilsoz
cheerleader	cheerleader
cheerleading	şêrîn
cheerless	bêaqil
cheers	Badenoş
cheery	şehrez
cheese	penêr
cheeseburger	Cheeseburger
cheesecake	Cheesecake
cheesy	paqij
cheetah	piling
chef	seraşvan
chemical	şîmyawî
chemise	NO TRANSLATION
chemist	şîmyazan
chemistry	şîmya
chemo	chemo
chemotherapy	chemotherapy
cheque	berçavkirinî
cherish	xemgîn
cherishing	xweş
cherry	qeresî
cherub	cherub
chess	şah
chest	pêxîl
chestnut	kincê
chevron	chevron
chew	cûtin
chewy	chewy
chic	xerîb
chicane	xemgîn
chick	chick
chicken	mirîşk
chicken pox	gelek başe
chickenpox	gelek başe
chief	serok
chiefly	serane
chieftain	qirêj
chiffon	şîn
child	zarok
childbirth	zayinî
childhood	zarotî
childish	zarokane
childless	zarokek
childlike	zarokek
childloss	NO TRANSLATION
children	zarok
chili	chili
chill	çil
chilled	sar
chilling	xurt kirin
chilly	zirav
chime	zêrîn
chimera	chimera
chimes	xemgîn
chimney	pîxêr
chimp	chimp
chimpanzee	meymûn
chin	çeng
china	çîn
chinchilla	chinchilla
chine	NO TRANSLATION
chinook	qirêj
chip	pîjik
chipmunk	çerm
chipper	çiyê
chipping	çêdike
chiropractor	krîterê
chirp	chirp
chirping	kişandin
chisel	mîxar
chiseler	kişandin
chit	chit
chitchat	qirêj
chivalry	bêdeng
chloride	chloride
chlorine	kllorîn
chloroform	çiroforma
chocolate	çîkolata
choice	helbijartî
choir	qoro
choke	xeniqandin
cholera	qolêra
cholesterol	cholesterol
choose	helbijartin
choosing	hilbijêrin
choosy	hilbijêre
chop	çengelkirin
chopper	qirêj
choppers	karkerên
chopping	bikişînin
chops	çêdike
choral	kulîlk
chord	denglihevanînî
chords	kêr
chore	qirêj
choreographer	korografiyê
choreography	korografiyê
chorus	qoro
chosen	bijartin
chow	çu
chowder	kûçik
christ	îsa
christen	NO TRANSLATION
christening	bîranîn
christian	mesîhparêz
christmas	Noel
christmasbreak	NO TRANSLATION
christmaseve	NO TRANSLATION
christmasspirit	NO TRANSLATION
christmassy	xemgîn
christmastime	bîranîn
chromatic	kromîtîk
chromatography	chromatography
chrome	chrome
chromium	chromium
chromosome	chromosome
chronic	pêhev
chronicle	pêhevîya demane
chronograph	kronograph
chronological	bi pêhevîya demane
chubby	qirêj
chuck	qe
chuckle	qulikê
chug	çûçik
chum	xemgîn
chummy	chummy
chump	qirikê
chunk	sil
chunky	xemgîn
church	dêr
churchyard	goristan
churn	xwar
chute	şematok
chutney	chutney
ciao	ciao
cider	cider
cigar	baçik
cigarette	cixare
cilantro	cilantro
cinch	cinch
cinder	bikişînin
cinema	sînema
cinematic	sînematîk
cinematographer	sînemografîk
cinematography	cinematography
cinnamon	darçîn
cipher	cil
circle	çember
circling	çepê
circuit	çerx
circuitry	qezencê
circular	çemberîn
circulate	çerxbûn
circulation	xwîngerî
circulatory	circulatory
circumcision	sinet
circumference	hawirdor
circumferential	sinet
circumscribed	belav kirin
circumstance	rewşê
circumstances	rewşan
circumstantial	rewşgiran
circumvent	şaş bikin
circumvention	sinet
circus	sêrken
cirque	cirque
cirrhosis	cirrhosis
cirrus	cirrus
cistern	cistern
citadel	kelek
citation	gazîname
cite	gazîkirin
citizen	hembajarî
citizenship	hemkomarî
citrine	citrine
citrus	citrus
city	bajar
citywide	bajêr
civic	civic
civics	komeleyan
civil	sivîl
civilian	sifîl
civilians	sivîl
civility	civatî
civilization	beşerî
civilized	beşer
clad	paqij
claim	maf
claimant	daxwazkir
clairvoyant	paqij
clam	sedef
clambake	clambake
clammy	clammy
clamor	xerîb
clamp	çerçoq
clan	eşîr
clandestine	paqij
clang	clang
clap	lêdan
clapper	paqij
clapping	çepik
clarification	zelalkirinî
clarify	zelalkirin
clarinet	clarinet
clarion	paqij
clarity	zelalî
clash	hevketinî
clashing	pevçûn
clasp	himbêzkirinî
class	sinif
classic	klasîk
classic rock	rock rock
classical	sinifî
classics	klasîk
classification	bisinifkirinî
classified	kategorî ye
classify	çînkirin
classmate	hevpeymanê
classroom	sinifê
classy	berbiçav
clatter	clap
clause	şert
clauses	qada
claustrophobia	claustrophobia
claustrophobic	claustrophobic
clavicle	kevir
claw	lep
claws	paw
clay	herrî
clean	pak
cleaner	dermanê paqijîyê
cleaning	paqijî
cleanliness	paqijbûnî
cleanly	paqij
cleanse	paqij bikin
cleanser	paqij
cleansing	paqijkirin
cleanup	demdirêj
clear	zelal
clearance	paqijkirin
clearing	valatî
clearness	paqij
cleat	paqij
cleavage	paqij
cleave	veşartin
cleaver	NO TRANSLATION
clef	paqij
cleft	paqij
clemency	dilsoz
clench	paqij
clergy	olvanî
clergyman	paqij
cleric	paqij
clerical	clerical
clerk	karkera koşkê
clerkship	dagirkeriyê
clever	rêvîwane
cleverness	dilsoz
click	bitikîne
clicker	clicker
client	kirrîxwaz
clientele	kirrîxwazvanî
cliff	hîm
climate	bagûrdan
climatology	clîmatology
climax	nixta serî
climb	rapelikandin
climber	raplikevana çîya
clinch	dersînorkirinê
cling	himbêzkirin
clingy	berbiçav
clinic	nexweşxane
clinical	nexweşxaneyî
clink	paqij
clip	clip
clipboard	clipboard
clipper	clipper
clipping	kişandin
clique	NO TRANSLATION
clitoris	clitoris
cloak	cloak
cloaking	cloaking
cloakroom	cloakroom
clobber	clobber
clock	seet
clockwork	demjimêr
clod	paqij
clog	kêşan
cloister	cloister
clone	clone
cloning	klonîn
close	nêzîkî
closed	girtî
closeness	nêzîkbûnê
closet	dolaba dîwêr
closure	girtinî
clot	cilê
cloth	çît
clothe	lebaslêkirin
clothes	cilan
clothesline	cilan
clothing	lebas
cloud	ewr
clouded	kevir
cloudiness	berbiçav
clouds	ewrên
cloudy	ewrîn
clout	paqij
clove	qirnefîl
clover	nefel
cloves	kevir
clown	palyaço
clowns	kincan
club	klub
clubhouse	clubhouse
clubs	klûb
cluck	xemgîn
clue	agah
clueless	zelal
clump	sil
clumsy	nezane
clunk	qirêj
cluster	cluster
clutch	destik
clutches	qirêj
clutter	tevlihevî
coach	otobus
coachman	coachman
coagulation	hevgirtinê
coal	komir
coalesce	komel
coalition	yekîtî
coarse	girs
coast	derav
coastal	coast
coaster	kozek
coastline	deryayê
coat	post
coating	rû
coax	hevalek
cobalt	kobalt
cobble	cobble
cobbler	cobbler
cobra	kobra
cocaine	kocaine
cock	dîk
cockamamie	cockamamie
cockeyed	korneyed
cockpit	cihê ajovan
cockroach	sisirk
cocksucker	cocksucker
cocktail	koktail
cocky	korgî
cocoa	kakawo
coconut	gûzê kakawo
cocoon	gûzê hevirmêş
cod	cinsek masî
code	navê dizî
codeine	kodê
codex	codex
codfish	codfish
codification	codekirin
codify	codîkirin
coding	kodê
coed	heval
coefficient	kêm
coerce	cebirkirin
coercion	zorê
coercive	zorê
coexist	hevkariyê
coexistence	hevkariyê
coexisting	hevkariyê
coffee	qehwe
coffee table	maseya kafir
coffeehouse	coffeheh
coffeepot	coffeepot
coffin	tabût
cog	cog
cogent	cogent
cognac	cognac
cognate	naskirin
cognition	nasnameyê
cognitive	cognitive
cohabitation	cohabitation
coherence	pêkanîn
coherent	xurt
cohesion	cohesion
cohesive	heval
cohort	cohort
coil	kulikê
coiled	kişandin
coin	xûrdepere
coinage	coinage
coincide	hilweşîn
coincidence	hevcivîn
coincident	peymanê
coincidental	peyhevkirin
coinciding	peyda kirin
coke	kok
cola	kola
cold	sarma
coldly	sar
coldness	sar
coldsweat	NO TRANSLATION
coleslaw	coleslaw
colic	rengî
coliseum	coliseum
collaborate	hevkarkirin
collaboration	hevkarî
collaborator	hevkariyê
collage	collage
collagen	kolagen
collapse	jiberhevketin
collar	berqirrik
collarbone	hestîyê mil
collate	têkevin
collateral	ewle
collation	komkujiyê
colleague	karheval
collect	berhevkirin
collected	civandin
collection	berhevkirî
collective	kolektîf
collectively	kolektîf
collector	kulîlk
college	zanko
collegiate	kolonî
collide	binguhêhevketin
collie	kolî
collision	bingûhhevketinî
collocation	berbiçav
colloquial	rengî
collusion	berbiçav
cologne	cologne
colon	kolonyayê
colonel	albay
colonial	kolonyalîzmê
colonic	kolonyayê
colonoscopy	kolonyoscopy
colony	mistemleke
colophon	colophon
color	reng
coloration	rengîn
colored	rengîn
colorful	pirreng
coloring	rengîn
colorless	rengîn
colors	rengan
colossal	berbiçav
colt	caninêrî
columbine	Kolombîn
column	ling
columnar	columnar
columnist	binivîsin
com	NO TRANSLATION
coma	coma
comatose	comatose
comb	şeh
combat	şer
combatant	şervanê
combative	hevpeymaniyê
combination	hevgirêkî
combinatorial	hevgirtin
combine	hevgirêdan
combined	hevbeş
combo	combo
combustible	tewra
combustion	şewitandin
come	hatin
comeback	bizivire
comedian	pêken
comedy	pêkenî
comet	bergê asuman
comfort	rehetî
comfortable	rehet
comforter	karmend
comforting	xurt
comfy	baş
comic	pêkenokê
comical	pêkenî
comics	fîlmên
coming	were
comma	bêhnok
command	ferman
commandant	fermandarê
commandeer	fermandarê
commander	fermandar
commanding	biryara
commandment	bêş
commando	fermandarê
commemorate	bîranîn
commemoration	bîranîna
commemorative	bîranîn
commence	destpêkirin
commend	pêşniyarkirin
commendable	pesinhêja
commendation	pesin
commensurate	hûrgelan
comment	agahkişî
commentary	şirove
commentator	şîroveker
commerce	bazarî
commercial	bazirganî
commie	commie
commissary	komîteyê
commission	simsarî
commissioner	komîsyonê
commit	bikaranîn
commitment	berpisîyarî
committal	birêvebirin
committed	kir
committee	şêwr
commodity	hilberê
commodore	koz
common	hevre
commoner	gelemperî
commonly	gelemperî
commonplace	gelemperî
commons	komun
commonwealth	hevbeş
commotion	diltengî
communal	komunal
commune	civat
communicable	peywendîdar
communicate	agahdayin
communication	agahhesînî
communicative	peywendîdar
communicator	peywendîdar
communion	komînyon
communism	komûnîzm
communist	şorewa
community	civatî
commutation	nirxandin
commutative	komunative
commute	gûherrandin
commuter	xerîb
comp	comp
compact	gişt
compaction	peywendîdar
compactness	peyman
companion	hevala rê
companionless	heval
companionship	civat
company	şîrket
comparable	tê mûqayese
comparative	nirx
comparatively	nirx
compare	mûqayesekirin
comparison	mûqayese
compartment	liq
compass	hêlrêker
compassion	dilêşî
compassionate	dilovaniyê
compatibility	peyda kirin
compatible	liheve
compel	bistînin
compelled	mecbûr kirin
compelling	xurt
compendium	hevpeymaniyê
compensate	zîyandayin
compensation	zîyanşûndedanî
compensatory	berdêran
compete	şertgirtin
competence	zanyî
competency	qezencî
competent	zana
competition	şertgirî
competitive	qabilî şertgirtinê
competitor	gavbir
compilation	damezrandin
compile	berhevanîn
complacency	xweqayilî
complacent	xweqayil
complain	gilîkirin
complaint	gilî
complement	temamî
complementary	temamî
complete	tevî
completed	temam kirin
completely	hemû
completeness	temamî
completing	temam bikin
completion	qedandinî
complex	tevlihev
complexed	tevlihev kirin
complexion	rengê rû
complexity	tevliheviyê
compliance	bidilî
compliant	peyman
complicate	astengkirin
complicated	tevlîhev
complication	astengî
complicity	zordariyê
compliment	NO TRANSLATION
complimentary	wergirtin
comply	razîbûn
complying	peyman
compo	komo
component	perçe
compose	binivîsin
composed	pêk tê
composer	komkujî
composite	hevbeş
composition	çêkirin
compost	peyda bikin
composure	navrokî
compound	kampan
comprehend	têgihîştin
comprehension	fêhmî
comprehensive	giştane
compress	tîrkirin
compressed	xurt kirin
compressible	dakêşin
compression	têkildar
compressor	compressor
comprise	pêk tê
compromise	tesk
comptroller	comptroller
compulsion	mecbûrî
compulsive	zorane
compulsory	emirwaqî
computable	hevbeş
computation	hevbigere
compute	danûstandin
computer	komûter
computerized	komputerî
computing	komputer
comrade	nas
con	NO TRANSLATION
concatenation	kongreyê
concave	kişandin
conceal	veşartin
concealed	veşartin
concealment	veşartin
concede	mûkirhatin
conceit	bifikirin
conceited	pozbilind
conceivable	balkêş
conceive	wergirtin
concentrate	lisersekinîn
concentration	lisersekinî
concentric	giran
concept	reşik
conception	pêşkêşî
concern	şik
concerned	eleqedar e
concert	konsêr
concerto	konserê
concession	tawîz
concessional	berbiçav
conch	conch
concierge	kanserê
conciliation	peywendîdar
concise	tam
conclave	konferansê
conclude	qedandin
concluding	encamê
conclusion	xelasî
conclusive	dawîtirî
concoction	koncalan
concomitant	karsaziyê
concord	konserê
concordance	hevpeymaniyê
concours	NO TRANSLATION
concourse	konserê
concrete	beton
concubine	kişandin
concur	kurt
concurrence	nîqaş
concurrent	hevdem
concurring	hevdîtinê
concussion	mejîleqî
condemn	mehkûmkirin
condemnation	cezadanî
condensation	tîrkirî
condensed	kişandin
condescending	şermezar kirin
condescension	kişandin
condiment	cenazeyê
condition	rewş
conditional	şertî
conditionally	cûda
conditioned	şert kirin
conditioner	şertê
conditioning	kişandin
conditions	şertên
condo	condo
condolence	şermezariyê
condolences	beşdarî
condom	kondom
condone	destûrdan
condor	kondor
conducive	çêbikin
conduct	perwerdetî
conduction	veguherîn
conductivity	tevger
conductor	serek
conduit	conduit
cone	cone
confederacy	konfederasyona
confederate	konfederer
confederation	bend
confer	hevşêwirîn
conference	şêwre
confess	qebûlkirin
confession	mûkir
confessional	berbiçav
confessions	hiqûqa
confetti	confetti
confidant	xilas
confide	bawerpêanîn
confidence	bawerî
confident	bigûman
confidential	bawerane
confidentiality	veşartî
confidentially	NO TRANSLATION
configuration	veguherîn
confine	kêmkirin
confined	sînor
confinement	girtîyî
confines	binpêkirin
confirm	tesdîqkirin
confirmation	tesdîq
confirmatory	piştrastkirin
confirmed	pejirandin
confiscate	jidestgirtin
confiscation	destserdayinî
conflagration	pevçûn
conflict	şer
conflicting	naqok
confluence	konhev
conform	bistînin
conformance	peymana
conformation	NO TRANSLATION
conformity	nirxandin
confound	tengahî
confounded	tengahî
confront	berrûdan
confrontation	berrûtî
confuse	şaşkirin
confused	şaş
confusing	şaşkir
confusion	tevlihev
conga	conga
congenial	pîrozbahî
congenital	pîrozbahiyê
congestion	xetim
conglomerate	konglomerate
conglomeration	konglomeration
congrats	pîroz dikin
congratulate	pîrozkirin
congratulation	pîroz kir
congratulations	pîrozî
congratulatory	pîroz kirin
congregate	civîn
congregation	civîn
congress	kongre
congressional	kongreya
congressman	kongreya
congruence	congruence
conic	conic
conical	şikilî
conjecture	texmînkirin
conjugal	conjugal
conjugate	xemgîniyê
conjugation	qirêj
conjunction	peywendîdar
conjunctive	peywendîdar
conjure	mizgîniyê
conjuring	berbiçav
conk	conk
connect	bihevgirêdan
connected	girêdayî ye
connection	têkêlî
connective	pêwendîdar
connoisseur	pispor
conquer	dagirtin
conquering	conquering
conqueror	winner
conquest	dagirî
conscience	wijdan
conscientious	dilsoz
conscious	bîrbir
consciousness	bîrbirî
conscription	derxistin
consecrated	rûniştin
consecration	rûniştin
consecutive	berdewam dike
consensual	biseketin
consensus	lihevhatinê
consent	razîbûn
consenting	pejirandin
consequence	paşî
consequent	encam
conservation	parazî
conservatism	konservatîzmê
conservative	kevneperest
conservatory	muxalefetê
conserve	biparêzin
consider	dîtin
considerable	navbideng
considerate	baldar
consideration	ponijîn
consignee	xerîb
consignment	xistin
consist	jê pêkhatin
consistency	berdewam
consistent	hevhatî
consolation	xwarina
console	console
consoled	xistin
consolidate	têkêlîdanîn
consolidated	xurt kirin
consolidation	xurtkirin
consonant	dengdêr
consort	konser
conspicuous	berbiçav
conspiracy	dilnexwazî
conspirator	dagirker
conspire	karmendiyê
constable	pûlis
constancy	domdar
constant	çikyayî
constantly	berdewam
constellation	navîn
consternation	hevpeymaniyê
constipation	xetimandinî
constituency	hilbijartin
constituent	rûniştin
constituents	nûnerên
constitute	pêk tê
constitution	qanunê asasî
constitutional	destûra bingehîn
constitutionality	destûra bingehîn
constrain	asteng
constrained	asteng kirin
constraint	asteng
construct	avakirin
construction	avahî
constructive	çêbikin
construe	binpêkirin
consul	sefîr
consulate	sefaret
consult	şêwirdan
consultant	şêwirda
consultation	şêwir
consume	bistînin
consumer	serfkariyê
consuming	xwarin
consummate	kişandin
consummation	xemgîniyê
consumption	xerc
contact	têkelî
contagion	nakokî
contagious	dersbasdibe
contain	bêdengman
container	têrr
containment	naverok
contaminate	gemarkirin
contaminated	xwarinê
contamination	gemarkirî
contemplate	lênerrîn
contemplation	lenerrînî
contemplative	dilsoz
contemporaneous	hevdem
contemporary	hevdem
contempt	riswa
contemptible	riswane
contemptuous	nefret
contend	nakin
contender	muxalefetê
contending	têkoşîn
content	dilşad
contented	naverok
contention	naverok
contentious	celeb
contentment	naverok
contents	naverok
contest	qebûlnekirin
contestant	kampanyar
context	hevgirêk
contiguous	balkêş
continence	domdar
continent	qite
continental	navîn
contingency	zehmetiyê
contingent	kişandin
continual	domdar
continually	herdem
continuance	berdewam dike
continuation	berdewam
continue	berdewamkirin
continued	berdewam dike
continuing	berdewam dike
continuity	domdariyê
continuous	bêbirrînî
continuously	berdewam
continuum	berdewam
contour	xet
contraband	malê reş
contraception	xweparastina bo zarokan
contract	peyman
contracted	peyman
contractile	peymanê
contracting	peyman
contraction	êşa zayinê
contractor	peymanek
contradict	naqokîn
contradiction	naqok
contradictory	nakokî
contraption	krîza
contrary	dij
contrast	dijîtî
contrasted	nakokî
contravene	şermezar dikin
contravention	nakokî
contribute	paraxwe dayin
contribution	beş
contributor	Beşdarvan
contrite	kêşik
contrition	pevçûn
contrived	tevlihev kirin
control	kontrol
controller	kontrolker
controlling	kontrolkirin
controversial	nakokî
controversy	pirsa mûnaqaşê
contusion	tevlihev
conundrum	konundrum
convalescent	qezencê
convection	tevlîhevkirinê
convene	civandin
convenience	xweşî
conveniences	bicihanîna
convenient	erzan
convent	konventoyê
convention	adet
conventional	kevneşopî
converge	nirxandin
convergence	nimûne
convergent	nifş
conversant	peywendîdar
conversation	kêfî
conversational	peywendiyê
conversationalist	peywendîdar
converse	danûstandin
conversing	axaftin
conversion	gûhertinî
convert	gûhertin
converted	guhertin
convertible	guhertin
convex	convex
convexity	maqûl
convey	barkirin
conveyance	ragihandin
conveyancing	ragihandin
convict	girtîya sucdar
conviction	mehkûmkirinî
convince	qanihkirin
convinced	bawerî
convincing	qanihkir
convocation	kongreyê
convoluted	qewimandin
convolution	biryara
convoy	konafoyek
coo	coo
cook	aşbaz
cookbook	cookbook
cooker	xwarinê
cookery	xwarinê
cookie	cookie
cookies	cookie
cooking	xwarinê
cookout	xwarinê
cool	xwînsar
coolant	coolant
cooler	cooler
cooling	şîn
coolness	şîn
coon	coon
coop	coop
cooperate	hevkarkirîn
cooperating	hevkariyê
cooperation	hevkarî
cooperative	amadeyê alîkarî
coordinate	liberhevxistin
coordination	liberhevxistini
coordinator	hevrêzker
cop	cop
copacetic	NO TRANSLATION
cope	biparêze
copier	copier
copilot	kapilot
coping	veguhestin
copious	neheq
copper	sifir
copter	copter
copy	kopî
copycat	kapîtal
copying	kopîkirin
copyright	kopîkirinê
coral	darê kevirî nav avê
coral snake	maral
cord	ben
cordial	cordial
cordless	bêhêz
cordon	cordon
corduroy	corduroy
core	navik
cork	depik
corkscrew	depikkêş
corn	garis
cornball	kornbolê
cornbread	mirinê
cornea	kornea
corned	borîn
corner	qozî
cornerstone	kevir
cornet	kornet
cornfield	kelefê
cornflakes	NO TRANSLATION
cornice	kulikê
cornstarch	kevir
corny	kêr
corollary	qirêj
corona	corona
coronary	qonax
coronation	tackirinî
coroner	coroner
corporal	serdestê leşkerî
corporate	karsaziyê
corporation	dayre
corporeal	corporeal
corps	corps
corpse	laş
corpsman	corpsman
corpus	corpus
corral	coral
correct	serrast
correction	serrastkirî
correctional	çêkirin
corrective	rastîn
correctness	rastiyê
correlation	têkiliyê
correlative	correlative
correspond	bicihanîn
correspondence	lihevhatinî
correspondent	nûçevan
corresponding	gorî
corridor	berpê
corroborate	şaş kirin
corroboration	peyda kirin
corrosion	şewitandin
corrosive	kişandin
corrupt	bertîlgir
corrupting	berbiçav
corruption	bertîlgirî
corsage	xezebê
corse	NO TRANSLATION
corset	corset
cortex	cortex
cortical	cortical
cortisone	cortisone
corvette	kovar
cosmetic	kozmetîk
cosmetics	kozmetîk
cosmic	cosmic
cosmology	cosmolojiyê
cosmopolitan	cosmopolitan
cosmos	cosmos
cost	nirx
costly	biha
costume	lebas
cosy	kurt
cot	cot
cote	cote
cottage	kozik
cotton	pembo
couch	şewitandin
cougar	kovar
cough	kûxîn
council	pêşnîyar
councilman	parlamentoyê
counsel	pêşnîyardanî
counseling	şêwirmendî
counsellor	pêşnîyarvan
counselor	pêşnîyarvan
count	jimartin
countdown	derxistin
countenance	hejmar
counter	masa dûkanan
counteract	berbiçav
counterattack	dijwar
counterbalance	dijberî
counterclaim	şermezar bikin
counterfeit	qelp
counterpart	hevpeyman
counterpoint	pevçûn
countess	hejmar
countless	bêjimar
country	welat
countryman	welatekî
countrymusic	NO TRANSLATION
countryside	welatiyan
counts	hesab
county	wîlayetê
coup	kûpa
coupe	kopî
couple	cotik
coupled	hev
coupling	peyda kirin
coupon	coupon
courage	cesaret
courageous	cesûr
courier	xwarinê
courses	kursên
coursing	dadgehê
court	dadgeh
courteous	dadgehê
courtesy	dilnizmî
courthouse	dadxane
courtroom	jûra dadgehê
courts	dadgeh
courtship	dadgeh
courtside	dadgehê
courtyard	hewş
cousin	pismam
cousins	kelez
cove	cove
coven	cenazeyê
covenant	Peymanê
cover	lihêv
coverage	kişandin
covered	derxistin
covering	derxistin
covert	kişandin
covet	covet
coveted	betal kirin
cow	çêlek
coward	tirsonek
cowardice	xerîb
cowardly	xemgîniyê
cowboy	kovî
cowgirl	cowgirl
cowhand	xwarin
cowhide	çermê
cowl	xwar
coworker	hevalkar
coy	coy
coyote	sehê bejî
cozy	kurt
crab	kevcal
crabby	krîza
crack	çîr
cracked	şikandin
cracker	qirêj
crackerjack	crackerjack
cracking	şewitandin
crackle	qirêj
crackpot	crackpot
cradle	dergûş
craft	craft
crafts	crafts
craftsman	destemel
craftsmanship	craftsmanship
crafty	rûvî
craig	craig
cram	cram
crammed	xemgîn
cramp	tîrêş
cramped	xemgîn kirin
cranberry	cranberry
cranberry juice	juê kronê
crane	qûling
cranial	cranial
cranium	cranium
crank	crank
cranky	cranky
cranny	cranny
crap	crap
crappy	xemgîn
craps	craps
crash	qeza
crass	krîza
crate	qirikê
crater	korta çîya agirî
crave	tikakirin
craving	craving
crawfish	crawfish
crawl	xwebierdêkêşan
crayon	crayon
crayons	crayons
craze	craze
crazed	crazed
craziness	cengahî
crazy	dîn
creak	creak
creaking	celeb
cream	qeymax
creamed	xemgîn
creamer	kemerker
creamy	karmend
crease	çêkirin
create	xûliqandin
creation	xuliqî
creative	avahî
creativity	creatîbûnê
creator	creator
creature	ava
credence	qezenc
credential	pejirandin
credentials	şehadan
credibility	bawerîpêhatinî
credible	bawerî
credit	krêdî
credit card	li kû çûn
creditable	kredî
credited	deyn kirin
crediting	kredî
creditor	deyndar
creed	çêkirin
creek	creek
creep	cihekî
creeper	creeper
creeping	veşartin
creepy	xemgîn
cremation	arîkirinî
creole	creole
crepe	crepe
crescendo	qezencê
crescent	nîvhêv
crest	xemgîn
crestfallen	crestfallen
cretin	cretin
cretins	creêrîn
crevice	zêrîn
crew	birîvebir
crewman	crewman
crib	malnerra zarokan
cricket	tifik
cried	qîrîn
crime	nebaşî
criminal	emelxirab
criminality	sûcdariyê
crimp	xemgîn
crimson	qirêj
cringe	dirûşm
cripple	seqet
crippled	xistin
crippling	şaş
crisis	nerehetî
crisp	xemgîn
crispy	kêşan
criterion	nirxandin
critic	rexneyên
critical	rexneyan
criticise	rexnekirin
criticism	rexne
criticize	rexnekirin
criticized	rexne kirin
critique	rexne
critter	rêjeyê
croak	xemgîn
croc	croc
crock	xeyek
crockery	diranan
crocodile	tîmseh
croft	xezeb
croissant	xelet
crook	xelet
crooked	xwar
crop	zadçinî
croquet	cewher
cross	xaç
cross country	welatekî cross
crossbow	qirikê
crossed	derbas kirin
crossfire	crossfire
crossing	derbasbûnî
crossover	crossover
crosswalk	crosswalk
crossword	xerîb
crotch	crotch
crouch	xifilandin
crouched	crouched
crouching	crouching
croupier	croupier
crow	zax
crowbar	kulbar
crowd	çende
crowded	astengket
crowds	elaletê
crown	tac
crowning	qelem
crucial	girîng e
cruciate	zordariyê
crucifix	xerîb
crucifixion	xaçkirinê
crucify	xaçkirin
crud	krîza
crude	crude
cruel	hovane
cruelly	zordariyê
cruelty	zordariyê
cruise	sefahata bi gemî
cruise ship	qeyranê
cruiser	gemîya şerr
cruising	revandin
crumb	gevzek
crumble	hilweşandin
crumbling	xistin
crummy	çerm
crunch	krîza
crunchy	xemgîniyê
crusade	meşa xaçî
crusader	muxalefetê
crush	kişandin
crushed	qirêj
crusher	crusher
crushing	qirêj
crust	qalikç qaşik
crusty	qirêj
crutch	gopal
crux	zilam
cry	girîn
crybaby	qîrîn
crying	digirîn
crypt	qirêj
cryptic	qirêj
cryptography	krîptography
crystal	krîstal
crystalline	qirêj
crystallization	qirêjkirinê
cub	kubê
cubby	cubby
cube	kube
cubic	kubî
cubicle	kubîlê
cuckold	cuckold
cuckoo	cuckoo
cucumber	xiyar
cuddle	cuddle
cuddled	cuddled
cuddles	cuddles
cuddling	cuddling
cue	cue
cuff	cuff
cuisine	xwarinê
culinary	culinary
cull	cil
culminate	hilweşîn
culmination	hilweşandin
culpability	cinsî
culpable	sûcdar
culprit	sûcî
cult	perwerdetî
cultivate	çandin
cultivated	çandin
cultivation	çandiniyê
cultural	çandeyî
culture	çande
cultured	çandî
culvert	cil
cumbersome	cinsî
cumulus	cumulus
cunning	hişk
cunt	cunt
cup	tas
cupboard	dolab
cupcake	kulikê
cupping	kişandin
cur	cur
curable	çep
curate	cur
curative	curative
curator	curator
curb	binpêkirin
curd	curd
cure	derman
curfew	curfew
curiosity	miraq
curious	miraqker
curl	curl
curling	şewitandin
currency	diravcins
current	vêga
curriculum	dersînorkirinê
curry	darizandin
curse	nifir
cursed	cursed
cursing	cursing
cursory	cursory
curt	kurt
curtail	curtail
curtailment	kişandin
curtain	perde
curtains	perçeyan
curtsy	curtsy
curvature	curvature
curve	çûvelan
curved	şewitandin
curvilinear	curvilinear
cushion	tûr
cushy	cûr
cusp	cusp
cuss	cuss
cussed	cûda
custard	karmend
custodial	binçavkirin
custodian	patron
custody	lênerînî
custom	hûnbunî
customary	hînbû
customer	miştirî
customized	tête kirin
cut	birrîn
cutaneous	zûtirîn
cute	xweşik
cuticle	kîtîlan
cutie	kurt
cutlass	kêşan
cutlery	qutikê
cutoff	birrîn
cutter	qutikê
cutters	qut
cutthroat	dirûşm
cutting	jêbirin
cutting board	birêvebirinê
cuttings	kişandin
cwt	cwt
cyanide	cyanide
cyberspace	cyberspace
cycle	zîvirok
cyclical	bêdeng
cyclist	çolê
cyclone	cyclone
cylinder	gûndir
cylindrical	cilindar
cymbal	cymbal
cynic	cynic
cynical	cynical
cynicism	cinsîzmê
cyst	peqava nav zik
cystic	cystic
cytomegalovirus	cytomegalovirus
cytoplasm	cytoplasm
czar	czar
dab	dab
dabble	daket
dabbling	dabbling
dad	bav
daddy	bav
dado	NO TRANSLATION
daemon	daemon
daft	daft
dagger	xençer
daily	rojane
dainty	zehf
daiquiri	daiquiri
dairy	şîrxane
daisy	daisy
dak	NO TRANSLATION
dale	dale
dam	bend
damage	zirar
damaged	zirarê
damages	zirarê
dame	damezrandin
damn	xemgîn
damnation	windakirinê
damned	xistin
damp	şil
dampened	veşartî
damper	xemgîniyê
damsel	xemgîn
dance	dans
dancer	bazdanvan
dancing	dancing
dandruff	dandruff
dandy	dandy
danger	talûke
dangerous	talûkeyî
dangerously	xeter
dangit	NO TRANSLATION
dangle	hilweşînin
dank	NO TRANSLATION
dapper	dapper
dare	çêdibe
daredevil	dareevil
daresay	daresay
daring	darizandin
dark	tarî
darken	tarîkirin
darkened	tarî
darkly	tarî
darkness	tarîtî
darkroom	tarîş
darkside	aliyê tarî
darling	darling
darn	darn
dart	dart
dash	dash
dashboard	dashboard
dashed	şewitandin
dashing	dakêşin
dastardly	xemgîn
data	jimare
database	databases
date	rojek
datenight	NO TRANSLATION
daughter	keç
dawdle	dawiyê
dawn	bandev
dawned	dawîn
day	roj
daybreak	zû
daycare	lênêrînê
daydream	dayik
daydreaming	şirovekirin
daylight	rojane
daymade	NO TRANSLATION
dayoff	NO TRANSLATION
daytime	rojan
daze	daze
dazed	xemgîn
dazzle	dakêş
dazzling	şaş
deacon	deacon
deactivate	şaş kirin
dead	mirî
deadbeat	mirinê
deadline	demjimêr
deadlines	demjimêr
deadlock	hilweşandin
deadly	mirarî
deaf	kerr
deafening	derxistin
deafness	bêbawer
deal	bazirganî
dealer	dagirker
dealership	karsaziyê
dealing	danûstendin
dealings	karûbarî
dean	pêşewayê zanko
dear	dilsoz
dearest	balkêş
dearth	xemgîniyê
death	mirin
deathbed	kuştî
deathly	mirinê
debacle	balkêş
debased	nîqaş kirin
debatable	debatable
debate	berhevdan
debauchery	deynî
debenture	deynkirinê
debilitating	pêdivî ye
debit	debit
debrief	debrief
debriefing	kişandin
debris	xirbe
debt	suc
debtor	deyndar
debut	destpêkê
debutante	debutante
decade	dehsal
decadence	hilweşandin
decadent	biryardar
decaf	biryara
decanter	decanter
decathlon	decathlon
decay	xirbeketî
decayed	birin
decaying	derxistin
deceased	mirî
decedent	biryara
deceit	şaşkirinî
deceitful	qelpezane
deceive	xapandin
deceived	xapandin
deceiving	xapandin
december	Berfanbar
decency	toreyî
decent	tore
deception	qelpezanî
deceptive	ecêbker
decide	biryardan
decidedly	biryara
deciduous	dilsoz
decimal	dicţionar
decimeter	biryara
decipher	nirxandin
decision	biryar
decisive	biryardar
deck	banîya gemî
declaration	beyan
declaratory	ragihand
declare	beyankirin
declination	kêmkirin
decline	paşvegerrî
declining	kêmkirin
deco	deco
decode	jiberhevxistin
decoder	qutik
decompose	şaş
decomposed	şandin
decomposition	şewitandin
decompress	dorpêç
decompression	dorpêç
decontamination	nerazîbûn
decor	decor
decorate	xemilandin
decorating	xwarinê
decoration	xemil
decorative	kovar
decorator	decorator
decorum	decorum
decoy	biryara
decrease	kêmbûn
decreased	kêm kirin
decreasing	kêm dibe
decree	mersûmê
decrement	kêm dibe
decrepit	kêmkirin
decry	biryara
decryption	dakêşandinê
dedicate	şabaşkirin
dedication	şabaşî
deduce	kêmkirin
deduct	jinavkişîn
deductible	dabeşkirin
deduction	jêkişî
deed	emel
deejay	deejay
deem	deem
deep	kûr
deepen	kûrtir
deer	ahû
defamation	derxistin
defamatory	betalkirinê
default	destçûnî
defeat	binketî
defeated	têkçû
defeatist	şikestî
defect	zirar
defection	derxistin
defective	şaşîyane
defector	defektor
defend	parastin
defendant	gilîdar
defended	parastin
defender	parastinê
defending	parastin
defense	parastinî
defenseless	parastinê
defensible	parastin
defensive	xweparêz
defer	tarloqkirin
deference	rûmet
deferral	deverê
deferring	derxistin
defiance	serhişkî
defiant	neheq
defibrillator	defibrillator
deficiency	kêmasî
deficient	kêm
deficit	kêmî
define	binavkirin
defined	diyar kirin
definite	berçav
definition	binavî
definitive	nirxandin
deflate	hilweşînin
deflation	hilweşandin
deflect	hilweşînin
deflection	kişandin
defloration	defloration
deform	berbiçav
deformed	xiloxarî
deformity	berbiçav
defraud	xapandin
defray	xilas bike
defrost	defrost
deft	xelet
defunct	derxistin
defuse	bifikirin
defy	bikişînin
degeneracy	derman
degenerate	hilweşîn
degeneration	hilweşandin
degradation	hilweşandin
degrade	hilweşînin
degraded	hilweşandin
degrading	riswakir
degree	derece
dehydrated	dehydrated
dehydration	dehydration
dejected	derxistin
delay	derengxistin
delayed	dereng
delectable	hilbijêre
delegate	nûner
delegation	komnûner
delete	jêbirin
deleterious	şaş
deletion	jêbirin
deli	dîlan
deliberate	qesdî
deliberation	diyarkirin
deliberative	fikirîn
delicacy	dilsoz
delicate	delal
delicatessen	delicatessen
delicious	tamxweş
delight	kêfxweş
delighted	kêfxweş
delightful	tahrşî
delineate	xemgîn
delineation	derxistin
delinquency	derxistin
delinquent	berbiçav
delirious	dilsoz
delirium	delirium
deliver	şandin
deliverance	xilas
delivery	şandinî
dell	dell
delta	delta
delude	şaş
deluge	cihekî
delusion	şaş
delusional	berbiçav
deluxe	deluxe
delve	delve
demand	xwestin
demanding	xwestebilind
demeaned	derxistin
demeaning	derxistin
demeanor	xemgîn
demented	damezrandin
dementia	dementia
demise	winda
demo	demo
democracy	dimûqratî
democrat	demokrat
democratic	dimûqratîk
demographic	demografîk
demolish	hilweşînin
demolished	hilweşandin
demolition	hilweşandin
demon	xerfît
demonic	cinan
demonstrable	xwenîşandanek
demonstrate	xwepişandan
demonstrated	xwenîşandan
demonstrating	xwenîşandanek
demonstration	xwepişanî
demonstrative	xwenîşandanek
demonstrator	xwenîşander
demoralized	xemgîn kirin
demos	demos
demure	hilweşîn
den	NO TRANSLATION
deniability	nerazîbûn
denial	înkarî
denied	red kirin
denim	denim
denomination	nerazîbûnê
denominational	berbiçav
denominator	dagirker
denote	nehêle
denounce	îxbarkirin
dense	berhev
density	density
dent	peq
dental	diranan
dentist	pizişka didanan
dentistry	diranan
dentists	diranan
denunciation	şermezar
deny	înkarkirin
denying	red dikin
deodorant	dezorant
depart	birêketin
departed	çû
department	liq
departmental	navendî
departure	rêketinî
depend	pêvgirêdan
dependable	bibawerdar
dependant	pêvgrêdane
dependence	pêvgrêdayî
dependency	girêdayî
dependent	pêvgrêdane
depict	tê nîşandan
depicting	nîşan dide
depletion	hilweşandin
deplorable	xemgîn
deplore	derxistin
deploy	bikaranîn
deployment	bicîh kirin
deport	jicîkirin
deportation	jicîkirinî
depose	derxistin
deposit	diravdanî
depositary	depositary
deposition	depot
depository	rezervan
depot	depo
depraved	berbiçav
depravity	berbiçav
depreciate	bifikirin
depreciated	nirxandin
depreciation	nirxandin
depress	depress
depressed	xurt kirin
depressing	xemgîniyê
depression	hişleqî
depressive	dûr
depresson	NO TRANSLATION
deprivation	betalbûnê
deprive	jêgirtin
deprived	betal kirin
depth	kûrî
deputy	cîgirê
derail	derê
deranged	dereng kirin
derelict	dereng
derision	derê
derivation	derivation
derivative	derivative
derive	derkeve
dermal	dermal
dermatologist	dermatologist
dermatology	dermatolojiyê
derogation	derogation
derogatory	derogatory
descend	derxistin
descendant	nebî
descendent	NO TRANSLATION
descending	xwarê
descent	nîv
describe	terîfkirin
description	terîf
descriptive	wêjeyê
desecrate	nehêle
desecration	neheq
desert	çol
deserted	çêdike
deserter	deserter
desertion	terkandin
deserve	qezenckirin
deserved	bihêz
deserving	heqê
design	mînakkirin
designate	binavkirî
designated	tête kirin
designation	nimûne
designed	çêkirin
designer	şikilda
designing	damezrandin
desirability	nerazîbûnê
desirable	xemgîn e
desire	xwezî
desiring	dixwest
desirous	dilsoz
desist	berbiçav
desk	meza nivîsê
desolate	wêrankirî
desolation	hilweşandin
despair	şaşmanî
despairing	nehêle
despatch	xemgîniyê
desperado	desperado
desperate	neçare
desperation	xemgîniyê
despicable	neheq
despise	çepelkirin
despondent	nerazîbûn
despotic	neheq
despotism	nîjadperest
dessert	paşîv
destination	armanca seyahatê
destined	xistin
destiny	qeder
destitute	feqîr
destroy	wêrankirin
destroyed	rûxandin
destroyer	wêrankar
destroying	tunekirin
destruct	hilweşînin
destruction	wêrankirin
destructive	hilweşîn
detach	vekirin
detached	vekirî ye
detachment	binçavkirin
detail	hûrî
detailed	berfirehtir
details	agahdarî
detain	şûndegirtin
detainee	binçavkirin
detect	kişfkirin
detectable	nexşandin
detection	servekirin
detective	dîdektîv
detector	detector
detention	girtî
deter	nehiştin
detergent	dermanê paqijî
deteriorate	xirabtir
deteriorated	xirab kirin
deteriorating	xirabtirîn
deterioration	xirabtirîn
determinable	nirxandin
determinate	diyarkirin
determination	tespîtkirinî
determine	binavkirin
determined	jidil
deterrent	binpêkirin
detest	binçavkirin
detestation	binçavkirin
detonate	teqîn
detonation	teqandin
detonator	detonator
detour	rêgerrok
detract	hilweşînin
detriment	binpêkirin
detrimental	xerîb
detritus	teqîn
deuce	deyn
deutschmark	deutschmark
devalued	derxistin
devastate	xopankirin
devastated	hilweşandin
devastating	hilweşandin
devastation	tunekirin
develop	pêşvebirin
developer	pêşveçûna
developing	pêşveçûn
development	pêşveçûnî
deviant	dilsoz
deviate	jêveqetîn
deviating	derxistin
deviation	ferq
device	sazî
devil	şeytan
deviled	şaş
devilish	şehîd
devious	dilsoz
devise	fikirkirin
devoid	nehêle
devolution	devolution
devolve	derxistin
devote	şabaşkirin
devoted	pîroz kirin
devotee	devotee
devotion	heyranî
devotional	dilsoz
devour	xwarin
devout	dilsoz
dew	nim
dexter	dexter
dexterity	xemgîniyê
dextrose	dextrose
diabetes	nexweşîya şekir
diabetic	şekirkêmane
diabolical	dîplomalî
diagnose	teşhîskirin
diagnosis	teşhîs
diagnostic	nasnameyê
diagnostics	nasnameyê
diagonal	dîagonal
diagram	dîyagram
dial	lewha neqandinê
dialect	şîwa
dialectic	devkî
dialogue	diyalogê
dialysis	dialysis
diameter	çap
diamond	cewher
diamonds	dolan
diaper	potikê zarokan
diaphragm	diaphragm
diarrhea	navçûyin
diarrhoea	navçûyin
diary	rojpirtûk
diatribe	xwarinê
dib	NO TRANSLATION
dibs	dibs
dice	kabik
dicey	dicey
dichotomous	dichotomous
dichotomy	dichotomy
dick	dick
dickhead	dickhead
dicks	dicks
dictate	çapkirin
dictation	çap
dictator	dîktator
dictatorial	dîktatorî
dictatorship	dîktatorî
diction	diction
dictionary	ferheng
dictum	NO TRANSLATION
didactic	neheq
diddle	diddle
die	NO TRANSLATION
died	mir
diesel	dîwar
diet	parêz
dietary	xwarinê
differ	cûda ye
difference	ferq
differences	cûda
different	wekîdin
differential	cuda
differentiation	cûda
differently	cûda
differing	cûda
difficult	asteng
difficulties	zehmetiyên
difficulty	astengî
diffuse	belav dikin
diffusion	berbiçav
dig	NO TRANSLATION
digest	hezmkirin
digestion	hezm
digestive	digestive
digit	hejmar
digital	dîjîtal
dignified	dilsoz
dignify	rûmet
dignity	rûmet
digress	xemgîniyê
digs	NO TRANSLATION
dike	dike
dilapidated	xurt kirin
dilatation	xurtkirin
dilation	dilsoz
dildo	dildo
dilemma	dûdilî
diligence	jîrî
diligent	jîr
dill	dill
diluent	dilsoz
dilute	tenikkirin
diluted	xurt kirin
dilution	hişk
dim	dim
dime	dime
dimension	ebat
dimensional	dimîne
diminish	kêm dibe
diminished	kêm kirin
diminution	kêmkirin
diminutive	diminutive
dimwit	dimwit
din	NO TRANSLATION
dine	nanxwarin
diner	diner
dinghy	dinghy
dingo	dingo
dingy	dingy
dining	xwarinê
dinky	dinky
dinner	firavîn
dinnertime	dinnertime
dinosaur	dînazor
dint	dint
diocesan	diocesan
diocese	diocese
diorama	diorama
dioxide	dioxide
dip	pêdeçûn
diploma	şehade
diplomacy	dîplomasiyê
diplomat	dîplomat
diplomatic	dîplomatîk
dipper	dûpan
dippy	dippy
dipstick	dipstick
dire	NO TRANSLATION
direct	seranser
directed	veguherandin
direction	ber
directive	derhêner
directly	rasterast
director	serek
directory	peldanka
dirt	gemmar
dirty	qirêjî
disability	karnezanî
disable	asteng kirin
disabled	bêmecel
disadvantage	lidijî
disaffected	neheq
disagree	lihevderneketin
disagreeable	neheq
disagreeing	nakokî
disagreement	nerrîngûherrîç nerrînferqî
disallow	qedexekirin
disallowed	qedexekirin
disapointment	NO TRANSLATION
disappear	wendabûn
disappearance	wendayî
disappearing	wendakirin
disappoint	şaşhiştin
disappointed	xemgîn kirin
disappointing	şaşhişt
disappointment	şaşhiştinî
disapproval	dilnerazîtî
disapprove	dilnerazîbûn
disapproved	red kirin
disapproving	red kirin
disarm	bêçekkirin
disarray	hilweşînin
disaster	filaket
disastrous	filakten
disband	belakirin
disbelief	şik
disbelieve	ditirsin
disburse	derxistin
disbursement	dagirkirin
disc	disc
discard	betal bike
discarded	betal kirin
discards	ramanan
discern	fêm dike
discernible	hişk
discerning	hişk
discernment	têgihiştinê
discharge	jêherrik
disciple	dilxaz
disciplinary	discipline
discipline	disiplîn
disciplined	dabeşkirin
disclaim	derxistin
disclaimer	bêkêmkirin
disclose	kişivkirin
disclosed	eşkere kirin
disclosure	kişivî
disco	disco
discoloration	dirûşmetê
discolored	helal kirin
discomfort	nerehetî
disconcerted	betalkirin
disconcerting	veqetandin
disconnect	hevqetandin
disconnected	veqetandin
disconnection	veqetandin
disconnects	veqetîne
discontent	nerazîbûnê
discontinuance	sekinandin
discontinue	qûtkirin
discontinuity	nerazîbûn
discontinuous	nehêle
discord	berbiçav
discount	kêmkirinî
discounted	dabeş kirin
discourage	qidûmşikandin
discouraged	xemgîn kirin
discouragement	xemgîniyê
discouraging	bisekinin
discourse	axaftinê
discover	kişfkirin
discovery	kişfî
discredit	neheq
discredited	neheq
discreet	NO TRANSLATION
discrepancy	ferq
discrete	berbiçav
discretion	dizîtî
discretionary	paqijkirin
discriminate	biçûkdîtin
discriminating	cudatiyê
discrimination	biçûkdîtinî
discus	dîsk
discuss	hevaxaftin
discussion	nîqaş
disdain	neheq
disdainful	neheq
disease	nexweşî
diseased	nexweş
disembodied	hilweşandin
disengage	asteng
disengagement	bêhtir
disfigured	veguherandin
disgrace	eyb
disgraced	şermezar kirin
disgraceful	riswa
disgruntled	bêhtir
disguise	sergirtin
disguised	veguherandin
disgust	girêzî
disgusted	neheq
disgusting	girêze
dish	ferax
disheartened	nerazî kirin
disheartening	veqetandin
dishonest	nerast
dishonesty	neheqiyê
dishonor	neheq
dishonorable	neheq
dishwasher	xwarin
disillusionment	bêhtir
disinclination	veqetandin
disincline	derxistin
disinclined	vekirî
disinfect	bêkêmkirin
disinfectant	disinfectant
disinfection	betalkirinê
disinformation	bêhêzkirin
disingenuous	nebaş
disintegrate	hilweşînin
disintegration	veqetandin
disinterested	nexşandin
disjoint	xelet
disjointed	neheq
disjunctive	têkildar
disk	lewha
diskette	diskette
dislike	nefret dikin
disliked	nexwendin
disliking	nakokî
dislocated	betal kirin
dislocation	betalkirinê
dislodge	hilweşînin
disloyal	xerîb
disloyalty	dilsoziyê
dismal	şaş
dismantle	berhevgirtin
dismay	xemgîn bike
dismayed	hilweşandin
dismemberment	hilweşandin
dismiss	berdan
dismissal	berdanî
dismissive	derxistin
dismount	vekin
disobedience	asêtî
disobedient	asê
disobey	gûhnedan
disorder	bêsazî
disordered	asteng kirin
disorderly	bêkêmahî
disorganized	betal kirin
disorientation	neheqiyê
disoriented	neheq
disown	red kirin
disparage	nakokî
disparaging	berbiçav
disparate	neheq
disparity	neheqiyê
dispassionate	derxistin
dispatch	veguhestin
dispatcher	belavkirinê
dispel	bikişînin
dispensary	belavkirinê
dispensation	belavkirinê
dispense	belavkirin
dispenser	belavkirinê
dispersal	belavkirin
disperse	belakirin
dispersed	belav kirin
dispersion	belavkirin
dispirited	tirsandin
displace	lişûnkirin
displaced	jicîhûwarkirî
displacement	veguhestinê
displacency	berbiçav
display	pêşkêşî
displease	xemgîniyê
displeased	xemgîn
displeasure	xemgîniyê
disposable	dabeşkirin
disposal	derxistin
dispose	bifikirin
disposed	veguherandin
disposition	dermankirinê
dispossessed	vexwendin
disprove	pûçkirin
dispute	înkarkirin
disqualification	nerazîbûnê
disqualified	derxistin
disqualify	nerastkirin
disquieted	neheq
disregard	berbiçav
disregarded	berbiçav
disrelish	şaş
disreputable	neheq
disrepute	nefret
disrespect	nehêlin
disrespectful	bêhûrmet
disrupt	sekindayin
disrupting	asteng kirin
disruption	rawesta
disruptive	berbiçav
dissatisfaction	nefret
dissatisfied	nerazî
dissect	belav dikin
dissection	derxistin
disseminate	belav bikin
dissemination	belavkirin
dissension	berhevkirinê
dissent	dijberî
dissenting	bisekinin
dissertation	belavkirinê
disservice	dijber
dissident	rêjîmê
dissimilar	berbiçav
dissipate	hilweşandin
dissipated	hilweşandin
dissociation	tevlihevbûnê
dissociative	nebaş
dissolution	hilweşandin
dissolve	helandin
dissonance	tengahiyê
dissuade	hilweşînin
distal	dûr
distance	dûrî
distant	dûr
distaste	tengahiyê
distasteful	tengahî
distillate	bêhtir
distillation	tevlihevkirinê
distilled	bêhtir
distinct	cuda ye
distinction	ferqîdîtinî
distinctive	cuda ye
distinguish	ferqdîtin
distinguishable	cûda
distinguished	cuda ye
distinguishing	cuda ye
distort	bikişînin
distorted	şaş kirin
distortion	cûda
distract	balalîdan
distracted	xemgîn e
distracting	xemgîniyê
distraction	balalîdanî
distraught	tengahî
distress	tûnebûnî
distressed	tengahî
distressing	tengahiyê
distribute	belavkirin
distribution	belavkirinî
distributor	belavker
district	herêm
distrust	nebawerî
disturb	nerehetkirin
disturbance	nerehetî
disturbed	tengahî
disturbing	tengahî
disuse	naxwazin
disused	nehêle
ditch	kort
ditto	ditto
ditty	ditty
diurnal	xwarinê
diva	diva
divan	NO TRANSLATION
dive	navdeçûn
diver	avjan
diverge	diverge
divergence	dûr
divergent	dûr
diverging	drav
divers	cûda
diverse	cewaze
diversified	cûda
diversify	cûda bikin
diversion	balalîdanî
diversionary	cûda
diversity	cihêrengî
divert	rêgûherrandin
diverting	derxistin
divest	dabeş
divested	dabeş kirin
divestment	perçe
divide	parkirin
divided	parçekirin
dividend	drav
divination	dabeşkirin
divine	milet
divinity	dabeş
divisible	dabeşkirin
division	parî
divisor	parîs
divorce	telaqdanî
divorcee	derxistin
divulge	derxistin
divvy	parve
dizziness	zêrîn
dizzy	sergêjane
do	bikin
doable	karûbar
doc	doc
docile	dicile
dock	çirav
docked	daketin
docket	docket
docking	dakêşin
doctor	pizişk
doctorate	doktorê
doctrinal	doktor
doctrine	hînkirinê
document	belge
documentary	belgefîlmê
documentation	belge
documents	belgeyên
dodge	dodge
dodger	dodger
dodging	dodging
dodgy	dodgy
dodo	dodo
doe	doe
doer	doz
dog	seh
dogface	dogface
dogged	kûçik
doggy	doggy
doghouse	doghouse
dogma	dogma
dogmatic	dogmatic
dogsick	NO TRANSLATION
doings	karên
doit	NO TRANSLATION
dojo	dojo
doldrums	kevir
dole	mirinê
doll	bebek
dollar	dolar
dollhouse	qeyikê
dolor	NO TRANSLATION
dolphin	masîyê ûnis
domain	domain
dome	cinan
domestic	malî
domesticated	xweyî
domestication	xwarin
domicile	domê
domiciled	domdar kirin
dominance	serweriya
dominant	şertên hûkûmker
dominate	hûkûmkirin
dominating	serdest
domination	serdestiyê
dominatrix	dominatrix
dominion	serwer
domino	domino
don	don
donate	bêşdan
donation	şabaş
donkey	ker
donor	donor
dontlikeyou	NO TRANSLATION
dontmess	NO TRANSLATION
dontmesswithme	dontmesswithme
dontpanic	dontpanic
dontunderstand	NO TRANSLATION
doodle	doodle
doom	serhildanê
doomed	şaş
doomsday	rojan
door	derî
doorbell	derî
doorknob	doorknob
doorman	derî
doormat	doormat
doornail	doornail
doorstep	derî
doorway	deriyê
dopamine	dopamine
dope	dope
dopey	dopey
dork	dok
dorky	doktor
dorm	dorm
dormant	xerîb
dormitory	jûra razanê
dorsal	dorsal
dosage	pîvanîk
dose	derman
dossier	dossier
dot	dot
doting	dengdan
dotted	dotted
dotty	dottyeyê
double	dûcar
doubled	duyemîn
doublet	zû
doubling	duyemîn
doubt	şik
doubtful	şikî
doubting	guman dikin
doubtless	bêguman
doubts	guman
douche	deryaya
douchebags	qeleb
dough	hevîr
doughboy	doughboy
doughnut	donut
dour	xwar
douse	douse
dove	kew
down	jêr
downcast	hilweşandin
downer	xwar
downfall	hilweşînî
downfield	zeviyê
downhearted	xistin
downhill	darê
download	download
downpour	hilweşînin
downright	rast
downriver	dûr
downside	dorpêç
downtime	zû
downward	jêrîn
downy	xwar
dowry	cihêz
doze	doze
dozen	deste
drab	drab
draft	pêşniyarê
drafty	pêşniyar
drag	xwêrvekişandin
dragon	zîha
dragonfly	firroke
drain	mezrîb
drainage	deryariyê
drained	dakêşandin
draining	dakêşin
drainpipe	drainpipe
drake	drake
drama	dilşewatî
dramaqueen	NO TRANSLATION
dramatic	dramatîk
drape	drape
drapery	dûr
drastic	teskepir
drat	NO TRANSLATION
draught	pêşniyarê
draw	xetkirin
drawback	xetereyê
drawbridge	drawbridge
drawer	darê
drawers	dolaran
drawing	xet
dread	tirsa
dreaded	xemgîn
dreadful	xemgîniyê
dreadfully	xemgîn
dreading	xemgîniyê
dream	xewn
dreamboat	dreamboat
dreamer	xewn
dreaming	xewn
dreamland	xewn
dreams	xewn
dreamt	xewn
dreamy	xewn
dreary	drav
dredge	dredge
drenched	xist
dress	lebas
dresser	cilikê
dressmaker	kincan
dressy	cilan
dribble	NO TRANSLATION
dried	vekirî
drier	rûn
drift	rabe
drifted	rabû
drifter	drifter
driftwood	şewitandin
drill	qûlker
drink	vexwarin
drinker	vexwarinê
drinking	vexwarinê
drinks	vexwarin
drip	dilop
dripping	şikandin
drive	ajotin
drivel	davêjin
driver	ajotvan
driveway	rêwîtiyê
drizzle	şewitandin
droll	dol
drone	drone
drones	drones
drool	drool
drooping	davêjin
droopy	dorpêç
drop	dilopkirin
droplet	şewitandin
dropout	xizmetên mişterîyan
dropper	hilweşandin
drought	bêavî
drove	NO TRANSLATION
drown	fetisîn
drowsiness	xemgîniyê
drowsy	xerîb
drudgery	drav
drug	tevazok
drug dealing	bazirganiya dermankirinê
drugged	dermankirin
druggist	tevazokevan
drugs	dermanan
drugstore	dermanxane
druid	druid
drum	defik
drummer	devikvan
drumming	drumming
drunk	serxweş
drunk driving	ajotin
drunkard	serxweş
drunken	şêrîn
drunkenness	bêaqil
dry	zûha
dryer	dryer
dryness	zûhatî
dual	dual
dualism	dualism
duality	duality
dub	dub
dubious	xemgîn
duchess	xemgîniyê
duck	werdek
ducking	ducking
duckling	duckling
ducky	ducky
duct	daket
ductile	duçûk
dud	dud
dude	dude
duds	dudiyan
due	berî
duel	duel
dues	xercan
duet	duet
duffel	duffel
dugout	kişandin
duh	duh
duke	duke
dull	hişk
dullard	dîlard
dumb	bêdeng
dumbasses	dûr
dumbbell	dumbbell
dumbbitch	NO TRANSLATION
dumfound	dumfound
dumfounder	NO TRANSLATION
dummy	dummy
dump	dump
dumpling	xwarinê
dumps	dumps
dumpster	dumpster
dun	dun
dunce	dunce
dune	girik
dung	NO TRANSLATION
dungeon	binerd
dunk	dunk
duo	duo
dupe	dupe
duplex	duplex
duplicate	cote
duplication	zêdejimarkirin
duplicity	berbiçav
durability	xweparêzî
durable	herdemîn
duration	demajok
duress	xemgîniyê
dusk	êvartarî
dusky	dusky
dust	toz
duster	duster
dustpan	dustpan
dusty	tozîn
dutiful	xemgîn
duty	wezîfe
dwarf	dwarf
dwarfed	dûr kirin
dweeb	dweeb
dwell	rûniştin
dweller	rûniştin
dwelling	rûniştin
dye	malê rengan
dying	dimirin
dyke	dyke
dynamic	dînamîk
dynamical	dînamîk
dynamics	dînamîk
dynamite	dînamît
dynamo	dînemo
dynasty	xaniyê
dysentery	diranan
dysfunction	dakêşin
dysfunctional	dîsfunctional
dyspepsia	dyspepsia
eager	jîrane
eagerness	xemgîniyê
eagle	qertel
ear	gûh
earful	guhdar
earl	guh
earlier	berê
early	zû
earn	qezenckirin
earnest	dilsoz
earnestly	dilsoz
earnestness	dilsoz
earnings	hatine
earpiece	perçeyê
earring	gûhar
earrings	guhên
earshot	guh
earth	erd
earthenware	erdhejê
earthling	erdê
earthly	erdê
earthquake	erdhejî
earthy	erdhej
ease	sivikî
easel	înfilîzî
easement	xweş
easily	bi hêsanî
east	rohilat
eastbound	rojhilat
eastern	rohilatî
easy	sivik
easygoing	hêsangir
eat	xwarin
eater	xwarinê
eating	dixwin
eatingdisorders	NO TRANSLATION
eavesdrop	xilas
eavesdropping	xilas
ebb	ebb
ebony	ebonyona
ebullient	ebullient
eccentric	berbiçav
eccentricity	xemgîniyê
ecclesiastical	ecclesiastical
echelon	echelon
echinacea	echinacea
echo	dengvegerîn
eclectic	eklectîkê
eclipse	tarîreş
ecliptic	ecliptic
ecological	ekolojîk
economic	aborîn
economical	aborî
economics	aborî
economy	abor
ecosystem	ekosystem
ecstasy	ecstasy
ecstatic	ecstatic
ecumenical	ecumenical
eddy	eddy
edema	edema
edge	qerax
edging	xistin
edgy	edgy
edible	xwarinê
edict	edict
edification	edification
edifice	edifice
edit	weşandin
editing	guherandin
edition	edition
editor	weşanvan
editorial	edalet
educate	gîhandin
educated	perwerdekirin
education	zanyarî
educational	perwerdeyê
educator	mamoste
eeeek	NO TRANSLATION
eeek	NO TRANSLATION
eek	eek
eel	marmasî
eerie	eerie
effect	tesîr
effective	tesîrane
effectiveness	bandor
effects	bandorên
effectual	bandor
effectually	bandor
effectuate	bandor
effeminate	berbiçav
efficacious	berbiçav
efficacy	bandor
efficiency	kêrhatîya bicîanîn
efficient	kêrhatê bicîanîn
effigy	bêhtir
effort	berxwedanî
effortless	hewceyê
effusion	berbiçav
effyou	NO TRANSLATION
egg	hêk
egghead	hêsan
eggnog	eggnog
eggplant	xwînê
eggshell	hêsan
ego	ego
egomaniac	egomaniac
egotistical	nimûne
egregious	berbiçav
egress	tevger
eight	heşt
eighteen	hejdeh
eighth	heştem
eighty	heştê
ejaculate	xwezayî
ejaculation	rêjîmê
eject	derveavêtin
ejection	ejection
elaborate	dûrûdirîj
elaboration	ravekirin
elan	NO TRANSLATION
elapse	berbiçav
elapsed	berbiçav
elastic	elastic
elasticity	hûrgelan
elated	nirxandin
elation	elation
elbow	enîşk
eld	eld
elder	gewretir
elderly	pîr
elders	rihspî
eldest	herî mezin
elect	hilbijartin
election	hilbajartinî
elective	bijarte
elector	dengdar
electoral	hilbijartinê
electorate	dengdanê
electric	elatrîkî
electric slide	slide elektrîkê
electrical	elektronîk
electrician	elektronîk
electricity	elatrîk
electrify	elektrîkê
electrocute	elektronîk
electrocution	elektrîkê
electromagnetic	elektromagnetic
electron	elektronîk
electronic	elektronîk
electronics	elektronîk
elegance	çelengî
elegant	çeleng
element	pêve
elemental	elemental
elementary	sereke
elements	elementan
elephant	fîl
elevate	bilind
elevated	bilind kirin
elevation	girik
elevator	esansor
eleven	yanzdeh
eleventh	yanzdehem
elf	elf
elicit	elicit
eligible	heqdar
eliminate	jiberrakirin
elimination	hilweşandin
elite	elît
elitist	elîtist
elixir	elixir
elk	elk
ell	ell
ellipse	îlipse
ellipsis	ellipsis
ellipsoid	ellipsoid
elliptic	elliptic
elliptical	elliptical
elm	elm
elongate	veguherîne
elongation	berbiçav
elope	elope
eloquence	berbiçav
eloquent	berbiçav
elucidate	nirxandin
elucidation	nerazîbûnê
elude	jiberçûn
elusive	jidestrevî
emaciated	xerîb
email	email
emanate	emanate
emancipation	azadiyê
embankment	kişandin
embargo	NO TRANSLATION
embark	gemîkirin
embarrass	şermezarkirin
embarrassed	şermezar kirin
embarrassing	fedîkarî
embarrassment	fedî
embassy	sefaret
embattled	tête kirin
embed	embed
embellish	kişandin
embellishment	kişandin
embers	pêkanîn
embezzlement	xemgîniyê
embezzler	xerîb
emblem	nîşan
emblematic	hestyar
embodiment	çermê
embolism	embolîzmê
embossed	kişandin
embrace	himbêzkirin
embroidered	berbiçav
embroidery	kulikê
embroiled	kişandin
embryo	limik
embryonic	embryonic
emcee	emcee
emerald	mirinê
emerge	derketina meydanê
emergence	derketin
emergency	acîlîyet
emeritus	emerîtus
emery	zehmet
emetophobia	emetofobiya
emigrate	welatberdan
emigration	welatberdanî
eminence	hestiyê
eminent	berbiçav
eminently	zehf
emir	NO TRANSLATION
emissary	xerîb
emission	destûr
emit	emit
emo	emo
emotion	his
emotional	hisî
emotive	emotive
empathic	empathî
empathize	empathî
empathy	dilsoz
emperor	keyser
emphasis	bidengî
emphasize	bidengkirin
emphatic	emphatîk
emphysema	emphysema
empire	qiralîyet
empirical	pispor
empiricism	impirîzîzmê
employ	kardayin
employee	karker
employer	karda
employment	kar
emporium	emporium
empower	bihêz dike
empress	empress
emptiness	bîhnfirehiyê
emption	xemgîniyê
empty	vala
emu	emu
emulate	xilas bike
emulsion	emulsion
enable	bikêrkirin
enablement	çalakiyê
enact	pêkanîn
enactment	veguherîn
enamel	enamel
encampment	dorpêç
enchant	balkêş
enchanted	şaş
enchanting	balkêş
enchantment	şaş
enchantress	kelezek
enchilada	enchilada
encircle	çemberkirin
encircling	encircling
enclave	enclave
enclose	dorgirtin
enclosure	dorçîtkişanî
encode	encode
encomiastic	NO TRANSLATION
encomium	encomium
encompass	kişandin
encore	NO TRANSLATION
encounter	lihevrasthatinî
encourage	cisaretdan
encouraged	teşwîq kirin
encouragement	cisaretdanî
encouraging	teşwîq dike
encroach	bikişînin
encroachment	veguhestin
encrypt	encrypt
encryption	şîfreyê
encumbrance	berbiçav
encyclopedia	ensîklopediya
end	dawî
end table	maseya dawîn
endanger	talûkekirin
endangered	xeter
endangerment	xetereyê
endearing	xemgîniyê
endeavor	hewldanî
ended	dawî
endemic	bîranîn
endgame	endgame
ending	dawî
endless	bêdawî
endocarditis	endocarditis
endorse	destnîşankirin
endorsement	destûrdanî
endow	berbiçav
endowed	tête kirin
endowment	hilberîn
endpapers	endpapers
endpoint	endpoint
endurance	berdewamî
endure	debirandin
enduring	xurtkirin
enema	enema
enemy	dijmin
energetic	enerjî
energize	enerjekirin
energy	înercî
enforce	dan qebûlkirin
enforcement	bicihkirin
enforcer	pêkanîn
engage	tevlihev dikin
engaged	tevlihev
engagement	destgirî
engaging	tevlihev kirin
engender	kişandin
engine	makîne
engineer	hendese
engineering	endazyariyê
engrave	bingehkirin
engraved	kişandin
engraver	kişandin
engraving	kişandin
engrossed	kişandin
engrossing	kişandin
engulf	kişandin
enhance	zêde bikin
enhancement	zêdebûna
enigma	enigma
enigmatic	navîn
enjoin	enjoin
enjoy	hizkirin
enjoyable	dilfirehkirane
enjoying	kêfxweş e
enjoyment	xweşî
enlarge	mezinkirin
enlarged	dirêj kirin
enlargement	mezinkirinî
enlighten	ronahî
enlightened	ronahî
enlightening	ronahî
enlightenment	ronahî
enlist	lîsteya
enliven	enliven
enmity	dijmin
ennui	ennui
enormity	pirrjimar
enormous	pirr mezin
enormously	gelemperî
enraged	nerazîbûn
enrich	dewlemend dike
enroll	nivîsîn
enrollment	nivîsînî
ensemble	heval
ensign	damezirandin
enslave	kişandin
enslaved	dagirker
enslavement	kişandin
ensue	pêkanîn
ensure	pêredîtin
entail	têkevin
entangled	ketin
entanglement	têkildarî
enter	derbasbûn
enterprise	şirket
enterprising	pûtperest
entertain	axaftin
entertained	xemgîn kirin
entertainer	kêfxweş
entertaining	dilsoz
entertainment	axaftin
enthralled	xweş kirin
enthusiasm	ecêbî
enthusiast	dilsoz
enthusiastic	ecîbma
entice	têkevin
entire	giş
entirety	tevahî
entitle	destnîşankirin
entity	dezgehên
entomology	entomolojiyê
entourage	bistînin
entrails	derê
entrance	derî
entrapment	vexwarinê
entreat	bisekinin
entree	têketin
entrepreneur	karsaziyê
entrust	birêvebirin
entry	qeyd
enumerate	hejmarek
enumeration	nimûne
envelope	zerf
envious	beecok
environ	NO TRANSLATION
environment	dor
environmental	hawirdorê
environs	environs
envision	nirxandin
envoy	envoy
envy	dexs
enzyme	enzyme
ephemeral	hewayê
ephemeris	ephemeris
epic	epic
epidemic	nexweşîya zûbelav
epidermis	epidermis
epidural	epidural
epilepsy	mîlîtan
epileptic	têkildar
epilogue	epîlogue
epiphany	epiphany
episcopal	episcopal
episode	episode
episodic	epîsodîk
epistle	epistle
epitaph	epitaph
epithet	epithet
epitome	epitome
epoch	pêşîn
equal	wekhev
equality	wekhevî
equalization	wekhev kirin
equalize	wekhev
equalizer	wekhev
equally	wek hev
equate	wekhev
equation	wekheviyê
equator	îkwator
equatorial	equatorial
equestrian	dagirker
equidistant	equîzistant
equilibration	wekhevî
equilibrium	wekheviyê
equip	xemilandin
equipment	xemil
equitable	wekhev
equity	wekheviyê
equivalence	wekheviyê
equivalent	berdêl
equivocal	equivocal
era	dem
eradicate	hilweşînin
eradication	hilweşandin
erase	vemirandin
eraser	vemirok
erasure	hilweşînin
ere	NO TRANSLATION
erect	avakirin
erectile	ereb
erection	çêkirin
ergo	NO TRANSLATION
erode	erode
erosion	birçîbûnê
erotic	cinsî
erotica	erotica
err	çewt
errand	çewt
errant	xerîb
erratic	neheqî
erratum	erratum
erroneous	çewt
error	şaşî
erst	NO TRANSLATION
erudite	erudite
erupt	revîn
eruption	jêrevî
escalade	çûn
escalate	sûwarbûn
escalating	zêdebûna
escalation	zêdebûna
escalator	derkevin
escape	rev
escaped	reviyan
escarpment	eskerpment
eschew	xistin
escort	kesparêzî
escrow	kişandin
esophagus	esophagus
esoteric	esoteric
especial	NO TRANSLATION
espionage	casusî
espouse	espouse
espresso	espresso
esprit	esprit
esquire	bisekinin
essay	nivîskî
essayist	gotar
essence	bingehîn
essential	pêwist
essentially	bingehîn
establish	bingehdanîn
established	saz kirin
establishment	bingeh
estate	sîteyê
esteem	dilsoz
esteemed	dilsoz
esthetic	estistic
estimable	nirxandin
estimate	texmînkirin
estimation	estimation
estoppel	estoppel
estranged	nirxandin
estrogen	estrogen
estuary	navendê
etch	etch
etching	kişandin
eternal	bêpaş
eternity	bêpaşî
ethanol	etanol
ether	ether
ethereal	etnîkî
ethic	etîk
ethical	etîkî
ethics	etîk
ethnic	etnîkî
ethnography	etnografiyê
etiology	etiolojiyê
etiquette	nasnama mal
etymology	etymolojiyê
eucalyptus	eucalyptus
euchre	euchre
eugenics	eugenics
eulogistic	ekolojî
eulogium	eulogium
eulogize	eşkere bikin
eulogy	eulogy
euphemism	euphemîzmê
euphoria	dilsoz
euphoric	bêhêz
euro	euro
euthanasia	euthanasia
evacuate	koçberkirin
evacuation	koçberkirinî
evade	jêzîvirrîn
evaluate	bihadanîn
evaluation	nirxandin
evanescence	evanscence
evangelical	Mizgîniyê
evangelist	evangelîst
evangelistic	evangelîst
evaporate	dixankirin
evaporation	belavkirinê
evasion	vekşîyanî
evasive	vekişandin
eve	eve
evening	êvar
evens	NO TRANSLATION
event	bûyer
eventful	pirrbûyer
eventual	dawîn
eventuality	bûyer
evergreen	hejar
everlasting	herheyî
evermore	herdem
everyday	her roj
everyman	herman
evict	qewitandin
eviction	qewitandinî
evidence	delîl
evident	diyar e
evidentiary	eşkere
evil	nebaş
evoke	evoke
evolution	pêşveçûnî
evolutionary	pêşketinê
evolve	çêkirin
ewe	mêr
ex	berê
exacerbate	bêhtir
exacerbation	nerazîbûnê
exact	tam
exacting	rastkirin
exaggerate	niqirandin
exaggerated	xemgîn kirin
exaggeration	niqirandinî
exalt	bilind bikin
exaltation	dilsoz
exalted	bilind kirin
exam	îmtîhanê
examination	îmtîhan
examine	îmtîhankirin
examiner	lêkolîner
example	mînak
exasperated	şaş
exasperation	nerazîbûnê
excavate	kolan
excavation	kol
excavator	digotin
exceed	jêderbasbûn
exceeding	bêtir
excel	excel
excellence	gelekbaşî
excellent	pirrbidilî
excelsior	berbiçav
excepting	bêyî
exception	îstîsna
exceptional	îstîsnayî
excerpt	digotin
excess	zêdeyî
excessive	zêde
excessively	zêde
exchange	berdêl
excise	hilberînin
excision	lêgerîn
excitability	xemgîniyê
excitable	hêja
excitation	kişandin
excite	acizbûn
excited	aciz
excitement	qehirîn
exciting	heyecanda
exclaim	bistînin
exclamation	nerazîbûnê
exclude	jinavderxistin
excluded	derxistin
excluding	derveyî
exclusion	jinavderxistî
exclusive	hew
excrement	xemgîniyê
excretion	xemgîniyê
excruciating	berbiçav
excursion	gerr
excuse	borîn
exec	kirin
execute	dardekirin
execution	birêverbirî
executioner	darizandin
executive	bikaranînî
executor	îdamê
exegesis	nimûne
exemplar	exemplar
exemplary	exemplary
exemplify	nirxandin
exempt	jêderxistî
exemption	jêderxistinî
exercise	fêre
exert	xistin
exertion	berbiçav
exhale	bistînin
exhaust	dixanda
exhausted	qedya
exhaustion	xûlq
exhaustive	berbiçav
exhibit	pêşkêşkirin
exhibition	pêşkêşî
exhilarated	xemgîn kirin
exhilarating	xemgîniyê
exhilaration	xemgîniyê
exhort	bistînin
exhortation	pêşniyarê
exhumation	bêhnxweş
exhume	bistînin
exigent	NO TRANSLATION
exile	sirgûnkirinî
exist	hebûn
existence	hebûnî
existent	berbiçav
existential	hebûn
existing	heyî
exit	derî
exodus	derveyî
exonerate	bêhtir
exorbitant	bêhtir
exorcism	exorcîzmê
exorcist	xerîb
exotic	bêgane
expand	firehkirin
expanded	dirêj kirin
expanse	derxistin
expansion	firehbûnî
expansive	berfirehtir
expatriate	veguhestin
expect	bendeman
expectance	hêviya
expectancy	hêviya
expectant	hêvîdar
expectation	payinî
expected	hêvî kirin
expecting	hêvî dike
expediency	pêkanîn
expedient	berbiçav
expedite	berbiçav
expedition	narde
expeditious	berbiçav
expel	qewitandin
expendable	mesrefê
expenditure	xercî
expense	xercî
expenses	mesrefan
expensive	biha
experience	tecribe
experienced	serbixwe
experiences	ezmûnan
experiment	ceribandinî
experimental	ezmûn
experimentation	ceribandinê
experimenter	ezmûn
expert	pispor
expertise	pispor
expiration	borînî
expire	derbasbûn
expired	qedandin
expiry	bidawîkirin
explain	daxûyankirin
explanation	daxûyanî
explanatory	ravekirin
expletive	berbiçav
explication	eşkerekirin
explicit	zelal e
explode	teqîn
exploit	kar dikin
exploitation	kedmêjî
exploration	lêkolîn
exploratory	lêgerîn
explore	lêkolîn
explorer	lêkolînvan
explosion	teqînî
explosions	teqîn
explosive	teqîn
expo	xerîb
exponent	perçeyek
exponential	berbiçav
export	eksport
exportation	firotanê
expose	sekinandin
exposed	xistin
exposition	nirxandin
expository	peyda
exposure	sekinandinî
expound	bikişînin
express	îfadekirin
expression	îfade
expressive	zelal
expressway	axaftinê
expropriation	xercê
expulsion	derxistin
exquisite	berbiçav
exquisitely	bêhtir
extant	dirêj
extend	n
extendable	dirêjkirin
extended	dirêj kirin
extension	pêşvebrinî
extensive	dirêjkirî
extent	pîvan
exterior	xûyne
exterminate	qelihandin
extermination	qelihandinî
exterminator	dagirker
external	xûkirînî
externally	derve
extinct	winda
extinction	derxistin
extinguish	vekin
extinguisher	rêjîmê
extol	extol
extort	bigirin
extortion	rakirin
extra	biserde
extract	jêbirin
extracting	derxistin
extraction	derxistin
extractor	kişandin
extracurricular	neheq
extradition	şandin
extrajudicial	bêhtir
extramural	extramural
extraneous	xerîb
extraordinaire	bêhtir kirin
extraordinary	bêfêrane
extraterrestrial	xerîb
extravagance	bêhtir
extravagant	bêhtir
extravaganza	extravaganza
extreme	bêfêhm zêde
extreme anticipation	pêşniyazek mezin
extreme disgust	bêhêz
extreme surprise	şaş e
extreme trust	ewlehî
extremely	herî zêde
extremely negative	neyînî
extremely positive	erênî
extremity	pirrjimar
extricate	xistin
extrinsic	derxistin
extrusion	derxistin
exuberance	nerazîbûnê
exude	şaş
eye	çav
eyeball	eyeball
eyebrow	brû
eyeful	xerîb
eyeglass	çavê
eyeglasses	çavên
eyelash	mûçav
eyelet	çavê
eyeliner	eyeliner
eyepiece	eyepiece
eyes	çavên
eyesight	çavê
eyewitness	şahida çavdît
fab	fab
fable	çîrokên heywanan
fabled	fîlm
fabric	mal
fabricate	çêbikin
fabricated	çêkirî
fabrication	çêkirin
fabulous	pirdelal
facade	rûyê xwe
face	rû
faceless	neheq
facet	facet
facial	rûyê
facile	NO TRANSLATION
facilitate	hêsan bikin
facility	çêbikin
facing	beramber
facsimile	fêmkirin
fact	berçavî
faction	kom
factor	faktor
factory	karxane
facts	rastiyê
factual	rastîn
faculties	kulturî
faculty	kêrhatinî
fad	fad
fade	zerbûn
faded	xemgîn kirin
faeces	til
fag	fag
faggot	fagot
fail	biserîneçûn
failing	têkçûna
failure	têkçûnî
fain	NO TRANSLATION
faint	qels
fainting	neheqî
fair	adîl
fairly	biqewime
fairness	rastiyê
fairway	rêwîtiyê
fairy	horî
faith	bawerî
faithful	girêda
faithfulness	dilsozî
faithless	bêbawer
fake	qelp
faker	faker
falafel	falafel
falcon	teyrê baz
fall	ketin
fallacious	hilweşîn
fallacy	hilweşînê
fallback	paşbikin
fallible	hilweşîn
falling	ketin
fallopian	fallopian
fallout	qewimîn
fallow	ketin
false	ŞAŞ
falsehood	derew
falsely	derew
falsification	falsification
falsified	felsef kirin
falsify	şaş kirin
falsity	bêaqil
falter	şaş
fame	navûdengî
famed	naskirî
familiar	nas
familiarity	nasname
familiarize	nas dikin
family	malbat
familytime	malbatî
famine	xela
famished	naskirî
famous	nashatî
famously	navdar
fan	perwane
fanatic	dilxwazê ​​korane
fanatical	fanatical
fanaticism	fanatîzmê
fanciful	dilsoz
fancy	fancy
fandango	fandango
fanfare	fenazeyê
fang	NO TRANSLATION
fangs	fangs
fanning	fanning
fantasia	fantasia
fantasize	fantasize
fantastic	gelek delal
fantasy	xeyal
faraway	dur dest
farce	dûr
farcical	xerîb
fare	diravê rê
farewell	bimîne bi xêr
farm	malgûndî
farmer	gûndî
farmhouse	xanîyê gûndî
farming	cotyarî
farmland	erdê cot
faro	faro
fart	fart
farther	wêde
fascia	fascia
fascinate	xemgîn
fascinated	xemgîn
fascinating	balkêşane
fascination	balkêşî
fascism	faşîzm
fascist	faşîst
fashion	mode
fashionable	berbiçav
fastball	fastball
fasten	pêvşidanandin
fastener	lezgîn
fastening	zûtirîn
fasting	rojbûn
fat	rûn
fatal	kûşte
fatalism	fatalîzmê
fatality	kuştinê
fate	qeder
fated	nerm
fateful	şikir
fathead	fathead
father	bav
fatherhood	xapandin
fatherland	bavland
fatherly	bavê
fathom	fathom
fatigue	westînî
fatigued	bêhêz kirin
fatso	fatso
fatten	fatten
fatty	rûnzêde
faucet	kanîk
fault	şaşî
faultless	neheq
faulty	xelet
faun	faun
fauna	fauna
faux	xelet
favor	qedir
favorable	erzan
favorite	hezkirî
favoriteholiday	NO TRANSLATION
favoritism	favorîtîzmê
fawn	golikê pezkûvî
fax	fax
faze	NO TRANSLATION
fear	tirs
feared	ditirsin
fearful	tirsa
fearfully	tirsa
fearing	ditirsin
fearless	bêtirs
fears	tirsa
fearsome	xemgîn
feasibility	pêdivî ye
feasible	têkirînî
feast	bicî
feat	kar
feather	perrîk
feathered	fikirîn
feature	taybetî
features	taybetmendiyên
febrile	febrile
fecal	fecal
feces	feces
fecundity	fêrbûnê
fed	xwarin
federal	fîdralî
federation	komele
fedup	NO TRANSLATION
fee	xerc
feeble	qels
feed	êm
feedback	bersiv
feeder	feeder
feel	hiskirin
feelgood	baş hest kirin
feeling	his
feelingdown	NO TRANSLATION
feelinggood	NO TRANSLATION
feet	ling
feign	feqîf
feigned	dabeş kirin
feisty	feisty
felicity	felicity
feline	feline
fell	ket
feller	birçîbûnê
fellow	heval
fellowship	hevaltî
felon	felon
felony	felonyayê
felt	bifikirin
female	mê
feminine	mêtî
femininity	jinê
feminism	femînîzmê
feminist	feminist
femme	NO TRANSLATION
femoral	femoral
femur	femur
fen	NO TRANSLATION
fence	bend
fenced	xistin
fencing	bêdeng
fend	fend
fender	perçê tirêmbelê
fennel	fennel
ferment	kewçêr
fermentation	çandiniyê
fern	fern
ferocious	hişk
ferocity	ferziyê
ferret	ferret
ferry	kaşînk
ferryboat	NO TRANSLATION
fertile	berketane
fertility	zêrîn
fertilize	gûbrekirin
fertilizer	gûbre
fervent	xerîb
fervor	xerîb
fess	fes
fest	fest
festival	cejn
festive	festive
fetal	fetal
fetch	fetch
fete	NO TRANSLATION
fetish	fetish
fetus	fetus
feud	şer
feudal	feudal
feudalism	feudalîzmê
fever	agir
feverish	feverish
fiancee	NO TRANSLATION
fiasco	fizîkî
fiat	fiat
fib	fib
fiber	mûyik
fiberglass	cama mûyikî
fibrosis	fibrosis
fibrous	fibrous
fickle	fickle
fiction	fiction
fictional	fictional
fictitious	berxwegoti
fiddle	keman
fiddler	kemanvan
fidelity	pêvgirêdayi
fidgety	fidgety
fiduciary	fiduciary
field	erd
field hockey	qada hokê
fielder	berbiçav
fiend	berbiçav
fiendish	berbiçav
fierce	hêrsane
fiery	agir
fiesta	festa
fiesty	NO TRANSLATION
fifteen	panzdeh
fifty	pêncî
fig	keman
fight	şer
fighter	şervan
fighting	şerê
fights	şev
figment	bîranîn
figurative	xerîb
figure	jimar
figurine	figurine
filament	kevir
filamentous	zilam
file	dosî
filet	pelê
filibuster	filibuster
filigree	qirêj
filing	derxistin
filings	darê
fill	tijîkirin
filler	tije
fillet	pelikê
filling	tijî
filly	zelal
film	fîlm
filmmaker	filmmaker
filmy	NO TRANSLATION
filter	parzûn
filth	gemar
filthy	gemarî
filtration	filtration
fin	NO TRANSLATION
final	dawîn
finale	felale
finalist	dawîn
finality	fînansî
finalize	dawî bikin
finalized	dawîn
finally	paşan
finance	malî
financial	aborî
financier	fînanser
finch	xemgîn
find	dîtin
finder	lêgerîn
finding	dîtina
fine	baş
finery	xemgîn
finesse	xemgîniyê
finger	tilî
fingernail	nenûk
fingerprint	şopa tilî
fingerscrossed	NO TRANSLATION
finish	qedandin
finished	qedandin
finite	pêdivî ye
fink	fink
fir	fir
fire	agir
firearm	agirbest
firearms	agir
fireball	agir
firecracker	agirbestê
firefight	agir
firefighter	agirbestek
firefly	agir
firehouse	firehouse
firelight	agir
fireman	parîzevanê ji ber agir
fireplace	tifik
firepower	şewitandin
fireproof	fireproof
fireside	agir
firestorm	firestorm
firewall	firewall
firewood	şewitandin
firework	agirbest
fireworks	agirê rengîn
firing	şewitandin
firm	bicî
firmament	xurt
firmly	xurt
firmness	xurt
first	yekem
firstborn	nixurî
firstworldprobs	NO TRANSLATION
fiscal	diravî
fish	masî
fisherman	masivan
fishery	masî
fishing	firotanê
fishing boat	papora masivanan
fishy	masîxwar
fissile	fissile
fission	fission
fissure	fissure
fist	mişt
fistfight	fistfight
fistful	xemgîn
fistula	fistula
fit	bihorîn
fitness	bedenparêzî
fits	bistîne
fitted	tête kirin
fitting	pêvok
fittings	peyda kirin
five	pênc
fiver	fiver
fix	pêvekirin
fixable	pêdivî ye
fixation	çêkirin
fixed	vekirî
fixer	fixer
fixture	naverok
fixtures	çêdike
fizz	fizz
fjord	fjord
flabbergast	flabbergast
flabbergasted	berbiçav
flabby	berbiçav
flaccid	zehf
flag	al
flagging	ala
flagpole	ala ala
flagrant	berbiçav
flagship	alîgir
flagstaff	aloz
flair	flair
flak	flak
flake	flake
flaky	xerîb
flamboyant	flamboyant
flame	agir
flamethrower	flamethrower
flaming	şewitandin
flamingo	flamingo
flammable	flammable
flan	flan
flange	flange
flank	pişk
flanked	fîlankirin
flanking	fişk
flannel	flannel
flap	dev
flapping	bifikirin
flare	agirdanî
flares	flares
flaring	çêdike
flash	birûsk
flashback	Flashback
flashing	kişandin
flashlight	ronîbrûsk
flashy	kişandin
flask	fask
flat	mal
flatbed	bêdeng
flatfoot	xanî
flatness	xemgîniyê
flatten	pankirin
flatter	dilgirtin
flattered	belav kirin
flattering	şikilandin
flattery	şewitandin
flatulence	xemgîniyê
flaunt	zilam
flavor	tam
flaw	şaşî
flawed	xelet
flawless	bêşaşî
flea	kêç
fleabag	fleabag
fled	reviyan
flee	bazdan
fleece	hilweşandin
fleet	gemîwane
fleeting	firotin
flesh	goşt
fleshy	nexweşî
flex	fox
flexibility	hûrgelan
flexible	gûherrane
flexin	fêrîn
flexion	tewra
flick	fişk
flicker	fikirer
flickering	şaş
flier	flier
flight	firrê
flighty	firotin
flimsy	hêşîn
flinch	flinch
fling	firotin
flint	zêrîn
flip	qerikê
flip flop	flip flop
flipper	flipper
flipping	flipping
flirt	flirt
flirtation	kişandin
flirting	şewitandin
flirty	agir
float	avbazîn
floater	floater
flock	şewitandin
flog	şewitandin
flood	pêlavêtinî
floor	erd
flooring	firotanê
floozy	floozy
flop	flop
floppy	firotanê
flora	flora
floral	floral
florist	firotkara çîçekan
floss	qirêj
flotation	firotanê
flounder	zeviyê
flour	ard
flourish	xweş bikin
flow	herrikîn
flower	kûlîlk
flowering	flowering
flowers	gulan
flowery	çermê
flows	davêjin
flu	helmewt
fluctuate	hejîn
fluctuating	hilweşandin
fluctuation	hejînî
flue	avêtin
fluency	lezgîn
fluent	herrikane
fluff	fluff
fluffy	şaş
fluid	herrik
fluidity	pişk
fluke	bêdeng
flunk	çêdike
flunky	flunky
fluorescence	hestiyar
fluorescent	fluorescent
flurries	firotin
flurry	zirarê
flush	şewitandin
flustered	xemgîn kirin
flute	bilûr
fluted	şikandin
flutter	qirêj
fluvial	fluvial
flux	flux
fly	mêş
flyboy	flyboy
flyer	firoş
flying	firotin
flywheel	firwheel
foal	fal
foam	çermê
foaming	şewitandin
foamy	zû
fob	fob
focal	navendî
focus	faktor
fodder	birçêr
foe	xemgîniyê
fog	mûj
foggy	mûjî
foil	kulikê
foiled	şaş kirin
fold	pêçan
folded	dabeşkirin
folder	pêçek
foliage	fîlmê
folio	folio
folk	gel
folklore	gelzanî
follicle	paşîn
follicular	berbiçav
follow	pêketin
follower	şagirtê
folly	bêaqil
fond	ji dil
fondle	fondle
fondling	xemgîniyê
fondness	dilsoz
fondue	fondue
font	font
food	xûrek
foodie	xwarinê
fool	dînê
fooled	bêaqil
foolhardy	bêaqil
fooling	bêaqil
foolish	bêaqil
foolishness	bêaqilî
foolproof	bêaqil
foot	ling
foot stool	stûyê lingê
footage	dîmenê
football	fûtbolê
footbridge	paqij
foothold	berbiçav
footing	çêdike
footlocker	pêdeng
footloose	pêdivî ye
footpath	footpath
footprint	şopa pê
footwear	pêlav
footwork	pêdivî ye
fop	fop
forage	pêşîn
foray	foray
forbearance	bêdeng
forbid	qedexekirin
forbidding	qedexekirin
force	cebir
forced	zorê
forceful	qawîyane
forceps	hêza
forces	hêzên
forcibly	zorê
ford	drav
fore	bin
forearm	binçeng
foreboding	pêşniyar
forecast	pêşgotin
forecaster	pêşniyarê
foreclose	pêşdibistanê
foreclosure	darizandin
forefathers	kalên
forefinger	pêşîn
forefront	pêşîn
forego	forego
foregoing	pêşî
foregone	pêşniyaz
foreground	pêşî
forehead	ênî
foreign	xerîb
foreigner	bîyanî
foreman	foreman
foremost	pêşîn
forensic	forensic
forensics	diranan
foreplay	dilfirêj
forerunner	pêşniyar
foresee	derxistin
foreseen	pêşîn
foresight	pêşdîtinî
forest	daristan
forestall	daristan
forethought	bêhêz kirin
foreveralone	hertim tenê
forevermore	her dem
forewarned	berbiçav
foreword	pêşniyar
forfeit	derxistin
forfeited	derxistin
forfeiture	derxistin
forge	forge
forger	xerîb
forgery	qelpî
forget	jibîrkirin
forgetful	bîrker
forgetfulness	bîr nekin
forgive	lêborîn
forgiven	baxşandin
forgiveness	lêborînî
forgiving	bihêle
forgotten	bîr kir
fork	milêvdanî
forked	dor
forking	derxistin
forklift	forklift
forlorn	windakirin
form	şikil
formal	şiklen
formaldehyde	formaldehyde
formalism	fermî
formality	nefermî
format	çap
formation	avakirin
formative	formative
formed	ava kirin
formidable	berbiçav
forming	çêkirin
formless	bêlez
formula	formîl
formulary	formulary
formulate	çêkirin
fornicate	zehf
fornication	zîndanê
forsake	derxistin
forsaken	hilweşandin
forsooth	berbiçav
fort	kela
forte	NO TRANSLATION
forthcoming	paşerojê
forthright	rast
forthwith	tembîh
fortification	dewlemendiyê
fortify	xweş bikin
fortitude	dilsoz
fortnight	çardeh roj
fortnightly	dor
fortress	birc
fortuitous	dilsoz
fortunate	dilşa
fortune	hebûnî
fortunes	dewlemend
forty	çel
forum	forum
forward	pêşve
forwarding	pêşveçûn
fossil	fosîl
fossils	fosîlan
foul	xemgîn
found	dîtin
foundation	bingeh
founder	avaker
founding	damezrandin
foundry	damezrandin
fountain	bîr
four	çar
fourfold	çar
foursome	çar kesome
fourteen	çardeh
fourth	çarem
fowl	mirîşk
fox	rêvî
foxhole	foxhole
foxtrot	faxrot
foxy	foxy
foyer	berling
fraction	perçe
fractional	parçeyek
fracture	şikesta
fragile	dişkê
fragility	hûrgelan
fragment	perçê şikestî
fragmentary	parçe
fragrance	bêhna xweş
fragrant	bêhnda
frail	kêm
frailty	bêkêmasî
frame	çarçove
framework	çarçoveya
franc	fransî
franchise	franchise
frank	vekirî
frankenstorm	NO TRANSLATION
frankness	dilsoz
frantic	frantîk
frantically	frantîkî
frat	frat
fraternal	birayên
fraternity	birçîbûnê
fraud	qelpezanî
fraudulent	bêdeng
fraught	bêhtir
fray	xemgîn
frayed	xemgîn
frazzled	frazzled
freak	xerîb
freaked	şikandin
freakedout	NO TRANSLATION
freakingout	NO TRANSLATION
freakish	xerîb
freakout	xemgîniyê
freaky	xerîb
freckle	xemgîn
free	belaş
freebie	freebie
freedom	azadî
freehold	belaş
freelance	serbixwe
freelancer	serbixwe
freely	serbixwe
freeman	freeman
freestyle	freestyle
freeway	freeway
freeze	qerisandin
freezer	dolaba qeşa
freezing	sarîqeşa
freight	bar
freighter	barvan
french horn	hornê fransî
frenetic	fransî
frenzied	frenzied
frenzy	zûajotinî
frequency	pircarînî
frequent	pircarane
frequently	gelekcar
fresco	fresco
fresh	teze
freshair	NO TRANSLATION
freshen	nûze
freshener	nûjen
freshman	nûze
freshness	nûze
freshstart	nûze
freshwater	freshwater
fret	fret
fretful	xemgîn
friar	friar
fricking	xistin
friction	hevketin
friday	Roja Înê
fridge	birçîbûnê
fried	têr kirin
friend	heval
friendless	heval
friendliness	hevalbendiyê
friendly	dostane
friends	hevalên xwe
friendship	dostî
frigate	gemîyên şerî
friggen	NO TRANSLATION
fright	xof
frighten	xofdan
frightened	tirsa
frightening	xemgîniyê
frightful	tirs
frigid	xemgîn
fringe	xerîb
fringed	xistin
frisbee	frisbee
frisk	NO TRANSLATION
frisky	xemgîn
frivolous	xemgîn e
frock	frock
frog	beq
froggy	froggy
frolic	frolic
front	pêşde
frontage	dorpêç
frontal	pêşî
frontier	sînor
fronting	pêşîn
frontispiece	pêşîn
frost	qeşa
frostbite	zivistan
frosted	şîn
frosting	zirav
frosty	qeşane
froth	xemgîn
frothy	xemgîn
frown	ênîqermiçandinî
frowning	xemgîn
frozen	qeşa girtî
frugal	frugal
fruit	mêwe
fruit punch	diranê
fruitcake	xemgîn
fruitful	berbiçav
fruition	fêrbûnê
fruitless	bêhêz
fruits	fêk
fruity	fruity
frustrate	şaşkirin
frustrated	xemgîn
frustrates	xemgîniyê
frustrating	xemgîniyê
frustration	hevîşikestinî
fry	birajtin
fryer	fryer
fuchsia	fuchsia
fuck	paşê
fuckedoff	xistin
fucker	xerîb
fucking	firotin
fuckoff	dawiyê
fucksake	fucksake
fucktard	paşê
fuckyeah	fuckyeah
fudge	xemgîniyê
fuel	malê şewatê
fugitive	penaber
fulcrum	berbiçav
fulfill	bicihanîn
fulfilled	temam kirin
fulfilling	bicih bikin
fulfillment	bicihanînî
full	tije
fullback	tevahî
fullness	tevahî
fully	temamî
fulsome	fulsome
fumble	qirêj
fume	fume
fumigation	fumigation
fumin	NO TRANSLATION
fuming	fuming
fun	henek
function	karî
functional	karker
fund	weqf
fundamental	bingehane
fundamentalist	radîkal
fundamentally	bingehîn
funday	şevê
funding	fonan
fundraiser	fundraiser
fundraising	fînansaziyê
funds	fonan
funeral	binerdkirin
fungus	kivkarik
funk	cenazeyê
funky	kêfxweş
funnel	xonî
funny	kêfî
fur	post
furious	hêrshat
furiously	hêrs
furlong	furlong
furlough	furlough
furnace	tenûra sinaî
furnish	pêdekirin
furnishings	firotanê
furniture	navmalî
furor	furor
furrow	tîrêj
furry	xemgîn
furtherance	bêtir
fury	hêrs
fuse	fitîl
fuselage	fuselage
fusion	fusion
fuss	fuss
fussy	fussy
fustrated	NO TRANSLATION
futile	futile
futility	bêhtir
futon	futon
future	dahatû
fuzz	fuzz
fuzzy	fuzzy
gab	NO TRANSLATION
gaby	gaby
gad	gad
gadget	gadget
gaff	gaff
gag	gag
gaga	gaga
gage	gage
gaggle	gaggle
gahhh	NO TRANSLATION
gaiety	hêrs
gain	qezenc
gainful	qezenc
gaining	bistînin
gait	şîret
gal	gal
gala	gala
galactic	galactic
galaxy	galaxy
gale	gale
gall	gall
gallant	xerîb
gallantry	qelem
gallbladder	pûçek
galled	galled
gallery	galerya
galley	galley
gallon	gallon
gallop	gallop
galloping	galloping
gallows	gallows
galore	mezin
galvanic	galvanîk
gamble	lîstin
gambler	lîstikvan
gambling	qezencê
game	lîstik
gameday	gameday
gametime	gametime
gaming	lîstik
gamma	gamma
gammon	gammon
gamut	gamut
gander	zehf
gang	pêxwas
gangland	çeteyan
gangrene	çeteyan
gangster	çeteyan
gangway	çeteyan
gaol	gaol
gap	qelîştok
gape	cinsî
gaping	damezirandin
garage	xerac
garb	garb
garbage	zibil
garbled	qirêj
garden	baxçe
gardener	baxçevan
gardening	karê baxçe
gardens	baxçeyan
gargle	gewrîdan
gargoyle	gargoyle
garish	kinc
garlic	sîr
garment	k'incê
garner	garner
garnet	garnet
garnish	qezenc
garrison	cenazeyê
garter	garter
gas	xaz
gaseous	xerîb
gash	gash
gasification	gazkirinê
gasket	gazket
gasoline	benzîl
gasp	xizandin
gasping	gazê
gassy	gassy
gastric	gastric
gastronomy	gastronomy
gate	dergeh
gatekeeper	deriyê
gateway	derî
gather	civandin
gatherer	civînê
gathering	civîn
gator	gator
gatorade	gatorade
gauche	NO TRANSLATION
gaudy	gewre
gauge	pîvok
gauging	nirxandin
gaunt	xerîb
gauntlet	drav
gauze	gauze
gavel	gavel
gawk	gawk
gay	gay
gaze	têr
gazebo	gazebo
gazelle	gazelle
gazette	gazette
gazetteer	gazetteer
gazillion	gazillion
gazing	xweş kirin
gear	gêr
geek	geek
geeky	geeky
geez	geez
geezer	zêrîn
geisha	geisha
gel	gel
gelatin	gelatin
geld	NO TRANSLATION
gelding	gelding
gem	cewher
gemini	gemini
gender	cinsî
genealogy	jenealog
general	giştî
generality	rastiyê
generalization	gelemperî
generally	giştîve
generate	xûlqkirin
generation	bend
generative	hilberîn
generator	jenerator
generic	gelemperî
generosity	dilmezinî
generous	dilmezin
genesis	genes
genetic	genetîkî
genetics	genetîk
genial	genial
genie	genie
genital	jinê
genitalia	genitalia
genius	pirzane
genocide	genocide
genome	genome
genre	genres
gent	konê
genteel	genteel
gentile	miletan
gentle	nerm
gentleman	birêz
gentlemanly	dilsoz
gentleness	dilsoziyê
gently	sivikî
gentry	xemgîniyê
genuine	rast
genus	genus
geographic	erdnîgarî
geographical	cografîk
geography	coxrafya
geological	jeolojî
geologist	geologist
geology	jeolojî
geometric	geometric
geometry	geometry
geranium	geranium
gerbil	gerbil
geriatric	geriatric
germ	bizir
german	Almanî
germane	germane
germinate	germinate
germination	germkirinê
germs	germs
gestation	nirxandin
gesture	bidestûlepnîşandanî
get	stendin
getaway	her berçavê min
getoverit	NO TRANSLATION
getoveryourself	NO TRANSLATION
getup	şîyar be
getyourown	bistînin
ghastly	xemgîn
ghetto	sîteyê
ghost	rûh
ghostly	şehîd
ghoul	ghoul
giant	hût
gibberish	xerîb
giddy	giddy
gift	dîyarî
gifted	xist
gifts	diyariyan
gig	gig
gigantic	giran
giggle	kenîn
giggles	tîp
giggling	xemgîn
gigolo	gigolo
gilded	xistin
gill	bêhngirtokê masî
gills	gêl
gilt	gilt
gimmick	gimmick
gimp	gimp
gin	gin
ginger	germ
gingerbread	qirikê
gingerly	zirav
ginseng	ginseng
giraffe	zirafa
girder	girder
girdle	girdle
girl	keç
girlfriend	hevalê
girlie	girlie
girlish	girlish
girly	girly
girth	girth
gist	gist
give	dayin
giveaway	aşkere kirin
giver	NO TRANSLATION
giving	dayîn
gizmo	gizmo
gizzard	gizzard
glabrous	çermê
glacial	glacial
glacier	çîyaqeşa
glad	dilfireh
glade	glade
gladiator	gladiator
gladness	şahî
glamorous	sihrane
glamour	birqînî
glance	nerîn
gland	telaq
glare	ronîtûj
glaring	şaş
glass	cam
glasses	berçavk
glassware	glassware
glaucoma	glaucoma
glaze	şaş
glazed	şaş
gleam	gleam
gleaming	xistin
glean	glean
glee	glee
gleeful	zehf
glen	glen
glib	glib
glide	şewitandin
glider	firoka perî
glimmer	glimmer
glimpse	şaş
glint	glint
glisten	biriqandin
glitch	şaş
glitter	zêrîn
glittering	xweş
gloat	xemgîn
global	cîhane
globe	dinyagog
globular	gerdûnî
gloom	xemgîniyê
gloomy	xemgîn
glorification	rûmet
glorified	pesnê xwe
glorify	qîmetzêdegirtin
glorious	rûmet
glory	qîmetî
gloss	şaş
glossary	ferheng
glossy	birqane
glove	lepik
gloves	kulikan
glow	şewitîn
glowing	ronahî
glucose	glucose
glue	lezaq
glum	glûm
glut	şewitandin
gluten	gluten
glutton	gutton
gluttony	şewitandin
glycerin	glycerin
gnat	pêşû
gnome	gomez
go	çûyin
goal	armanc
goalie	goalie
goals	armanca
goat	bizin
goatee	goatee
gob	gob
gobble	gobble
goblet	goblet
goblin	goblin
god	xwedê
godbless	NO TRANSLATION
goddamn	Xwedê
goddamned	xwedan
goddess	xwedê
godfather	kirîv
godforsaken	Xwedê
godisgood	Xwedê baş e
godisgreat	NO TRANSLATION
godless	bêheq
godlike	Xwedê ye
godly	Xwedê
godmother	kirîv
godsend	xwedan
godson	xwedan
gofuckyourself	gofuckyourself
goggle	tûj
goggles	berçavk
gold	zêr
golden	zêrîn
goldfish	zêrmasî
golf	gûlf
golfer	gûlfbaz
golfing	golfê
gondola	gondola
gone	çû
goner	goner
gong	NO TRANSLATION
gonorrhea	gonorrahiyê
goo	goo
goober	goober
good	baş
goodbye	bi xatirê te
goodday	roja baş
goodfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
goodhealth	NO TRANSLATION
goodie	qenc
goodies	qenc
goodlife	jiyanê
goodly	baş
goodmood	NO TRANSLATION
goodmorning	roj baş
goodmusic	başmusic
goodness	başî
goodnews	başnews
goods	malî
goodtimes	demxweş
goodvibes	NO TRANSLATION
goodwill	xêrxwazî
goody	qenc
gooey	gooey
goof	nerm
goofball	goofball
goofy	nexweşî
goon	Berdewam bike
gooood	şewitandin
goop	gop
goose	qaz
gopher	gopher
gore	gore
gorge	newal
gorgeous	dilane
gorilla	gorîla
gory	gory
gospel	încîl
gossip	çepik
gothic	gothî
gouge	gorgê
goulash	goulash
gourd	hesab
gourmet	dilsoz
gout	gout
govern	birêvebirin
governess	desthilatdariyê
governing	rêveberiyê
government	rêvebir
governmental	hukumetê
governor	walî
gown	gown
grab	bidestxistin
grace	narînî
graceful	narîne
gracias	NO TRANSLATION
gracious	çeleng
graciously	dilovanî
grad	NO TRANSLATION
gradation	rakirin
grade	sinif
graded	xurt kirin
grader	grader
grades	dersan
gradient	pêdivî ye
gradschool	NO TRANSLATION
gradual	hêdî
gradually	hêdî hêdî
graduate	xelasker
graduation	refpîvok
graffiti	graffiti
graft	pêvok
grail	gorê
grain	zad
gram	xiram
grammar	rêziman
grand	mezin
grand theft auto	dizîna mezina tirimpêla
grandchild	kalik
grandchildren	kalikan
granddad	nadîn
granddaddy	kalik
granddaughter	nebî
grandeur	mezin
grandfather	bapîr
grandiose	grandiose
grandma	kalik
grandmother	dapîr
grandpa	kalikê
grandson	nebî
grandstand	granddanê
grange	grange
granite	kevirê reş
granny	drav
granola	granola
grant	pişgirî
granted	dayîn
grantee	grantee
grantor	grantor
granular	dirav
granule	gewra
grape	tirî
grape juice	grape juice
grapefruit	girêfurt
grapes	rez
grapevine	grapevine
graph	dîyagram
graphic	grafîk
graphics	Grafik
graphite	grafît
grapple	xemgîniyê
grappling	xerîb
grasp	bidestxistin
grasping	hişyariyê
grass	gîha
grasshopper	kûllî
grassy	germ
grate	kişandin
grated	çêdibe
grateful	sipasdar
gratification	agahdariyê
gratified	naskirî
gratify	xweş bikin
gratifying	teşwîq kirin
grating	çêdike
gratis	NO TRANSLATION
gratitude	sipasdarî
gratuitous	nefret
gratuity	dilsoz
grave	gor
gravel	kevirhûr
graver	NO TRANSLATION
graveyard	goristan
gravitate	gravitate
gravitation	hûrgelan
gravitational	gravîtational
gravity	qaweta kişanê
gravy	avik
gray	gewr
graze	çêrandan
grease	bez
greased	greased
greaser	greaser
greasy	bezî
great	ecêb
great anticipation	pêşniyazek mezin
great aunt	kêfxweş im
great disgust	bêhêz in
great grandfather	bapîrê gewre
great grandma	kelek mezin
great grandmother	dêrê mezin
great grandpa	kalikê mezin
great surprise	şaş e
great trust	baweriya mezin
great uncle	mamê mezin
greatday	NO TRANSLATION
greater	mezintir
greatest	herî mezin
greatfriends	NO TRANSLATION
greatful	NO TRANSLATION
greatly	pir
greatly negative	neyînî
greatly positive	pir erênî
greatness	mezinahî
greatnight	NO TRANSLATION
greed	çavtengî
greedy	çavteng
green	kesk
green bean	fasoliyê teze
green pepper	îsota kesk
green snake	snake
greenhouse	tavxane
greenish	kesk
greenwood	kesk
greet	silavdan
greeted	silav kirin
greeting	silav
gregarious	gregarious
grenade	qûmbere
grey	gewr
greyhound	greyhound
grid	grid
gridiron	gridiron
grief	derd
grievance	gilî
grieve	şîngirtin
grieved	xemgîniyê
grieving	xemgîniyê
grievous	zehmet
griffin	griffin
grill	sorkirin
grille	grille
grilled	têr kirin
grim	hêrsane
grime	qirêj
grimy	xemgîn
grin	binsimbêlkenînî
grind	ardkirin
grinder	grûb
grinding	kişandin
grindstone	grindstone
gringo	gringo
grip	girtok
gripe	gripe
grisly	kişandin
grist	binêrin
grit	xemgîniyê
grits	tirsa
gritty	xemgîn
grizzly	xemgîniyê
groan	nalînî
grocer	kişandin
groceries	xûrek
grocery	qezencê
groggy	groggy
groin	sîvok
groom	zava
groove	kortik
groovy	şewitandin
grope	grope
gross	tevlihev
grotesque	balkêş
grotto	grotto
grouch	tengahiyê
grouchy	xemgîniyê
ground	erd
grounded	giran
groundhog	erdê
grounding	erdê
groundless	bête
grounds	bingehîn
groundwork	pêşekar
group	kom
groupie	groupie
grouping	damezrandin
grouse	dilovaniyê
grout	balkêş
grove	dahl
grovel	tengahî
grow	mezinbûn
growl	qûrqûrkirin
growling	mezinbûnê
growls	mezin
grownup	mezin
growth	zêdebûnî
growthefuckup	mezin
grr	grr
grrr	grrr
grrrrr	grrrrr
grub	kûrmik
grubby	xemgîn
grudge	hişk
grudging	xemgîniyê
grudgingly	zehmet
gruel	gruel
grueling	xemgîn
gruesome	bêde
gruff	gruff
grumble	berbiçav
grump	xemgîn
grumpy	mirmirrok
grunt	orîn
grunting	xemgîniyê
guacamole	guacamole
guano	guano
guarantee	garantî
guaranty	garantî
guard	pêvokê parastinê
guarded	parastin
guardhouse	cerdevaniyê
guardian	wekîl
guardianship	cerdevaniyê
guards	cerdevan
gubernatorial	gubernatorial
guerilla	NO TRANSLATION
guerrilla	gerîla
guess	texmîn
guesser	texmîner
guesswork	texmînek
guest	mêvan
guesthouse	mêvanxane
guidance	birêvebirî
guide	birêvebir
guidebook	rêber
guidelines	rêbazan
guiding	rêber
guild	guild
guile	gule
guillotine	guillotine
guilt	sûc
guilty	sûcdar
guinea	Gîneya Ekwatorê
guise	xemgîniyê
guitar	gîtar
guitarist	guitarist
gules	gules
gulf	berav
gull	gull
gullet	gola
gullible	zûbawer
gully	gulî
gulp	gulp
gum	gum
gumbo	gumbo
gummy	tazî
gumption	gumption
gun	tiving
gunboat	gunboat
gunfight	çepê
gunfighter	gunfighter
gunfire	gunfire
gunk	gunk
gunman	çekdar
gunmen	çekdar
gunner	topavêj
gunnery	çekan
gunplay	gunplay
gunpoint	gunpoint
gunpowder	çekan
gunshot	çekan
gunslinger	çekdar
gurney	gurney
guru	guru
gush	zû
gusher	gusher
gusset	gusset
gust	bahoz
gusto	NO TRANSLATION
gusty	gust
gut	rêvî
gutless	bêhêz
guts	xemgîniyê
gutsy	gutsy
gutter	gutter
guy	kur
guzzler	guzzler
guzzling	guzzling
gym	gym
gymnasium	salona bedenparêzî
gymnast	bedenparêz
gymnastic	gymnîkî
gymnastics	bedenparêzî
gynecologist	pizişîka jinan
gynecology	gynecology
gypsy	qereçî
gyroscope	gyroscope
habit	hînbûnî
habitat	habitat
habitation	rûniştinê
habitual	hûrgelî
habitually	bijartî
hacienda	hacienda
hack	hack
hacker	hacker
hacksaw	hacksaw
hadenough	NO TRANSLATION
hag	hag
haggard	haggard
haggle	haggle
haiku	haiku
hail	zîpik
hair	por
hairball	hairball
hairbrush	kulikê
haircut	porjêkirî
hairdo	porê
hairdresser	porjêker
hairdryer	darê
hairless	nexweşî
hairline	hesabê
hairpin	porê
hairspray	hairspray
hairstyle	porşikil
hairy	pirçikî
hale	hale
half	nîv
half dollar	nîv dolar
halfback	nîv
halftime	halftime
halfway	nîv
halibut	halibut
hall	salon
hallelujah	hallelujah
hallmark	helbestek
hallowed	pîroz kirin
hallucination	xeyal
hallway	hall
halo	halo
halt	rawestandin
halter	halter
halting	rawestandin
halve	nîvkirin
halving	bisekinin
ham	goştê hişkkirî
hamburger	hamburger
hamlet	qezenc
hammer	çakûç
hammerhead	hammerhead
hammering	xemgîniyê
hammock	dergûşa aliqandî
hamper	asteng
hamster	hamster
hamstring	çepê
hand	dest
handbag	handbag
handball	handball
handbook	destûr
handcuff	kulikê
handful	kûlmik
handgun	handgun
handheld	destnîşankirin
handicap	nexweşî
handicapped	bêmecal
handicraft	handicraft
handiwork	handiwork
handkerchief	destmal
handle	destik
handler	handler
handmade	handmade
handout	dest
handprint	handprint
handshake	destcivandinî
handsome	xweşik
handwriting	destnîşan
handy	desttê
handyman	desthilatdar
hang	aliqandin
hangar	xanîyê balafiran
hanger	lebasdar
hanging	darizandin
hangman	dagirker
hangout	darvekirin
hangover	derxistin
hangry	darizandin
hank	hank
hankering	hankering
hanky	hanky
hap	NO TRANSLATION
haphazard	neheq
hapless	neheq
happen	bûyin
happening	dibe
happier	kêfxweş e
happiest	kêfxweş e
happily	kêfxweş e
happiness	qismet
happy	şa
happydance	şahiyê
happyday	kêfxweş
happyheart	kêfxweş
happyholidays	NO TRANSLATION
happynewyear	NO TRANSLATION
happyplace	NO TRANSLATION
happytweet	NO TRANSLATION
happyvalentinesday	NO TRANSLATION
harass	nerehetkirin
harassing	tengahiyê
harassment	nerehetkirinî
harbinger	hêrs
harbor	bender
hard	hişk
hardball	hişk
hardcore	hardcore
harden	hişkkirin
hardened	dijwar
hardening	dijwar
hardheaded	serreq
hardness	zehmetiyê
hardship	tûnebûnî
hardware	hardware
hardwood	hişk
hardworking	karê dijwar
hardy	dijwar
hare	kevroşk
harebrained	hûrbûr kirin
harem	harem
hark	hark
harlot	hêrs
harm	zirar
harmful	zirarane
harmless	bêzirar
harmonica	harmonica
harmonics	harmonics
harmonious	hêsan
harmoniously	baş
harmonize	hevkariyê bikin
harmony	lihevkirinî
harness	firax
harp	harp
harper	hêrs
harpoon	tîrê neçira masî
harpsichord	harpsichord
harrowing	hişyariyê
harry	hêrs
harsh	hişk
harshness	dijwariyê
hart	hart
harvest	paleyî
hash	hash
hashish	hêşîn
hassle	tengahiyê
haste	ecele
hasten	zû
hastily	bi lez
hasty	lez
hat	kûm
hatch	pencerk
hatchet	bivir
hate	nifret
hateeee	NO TRANSLATION
hateeveryone	NO TRANSLATION
hateful	nifretane
hater	hater
hateyou	NO TRANSLATION
hating	hîna
hatred	nefret
haughty	hêrs
haul	kişandin
haulage	derxistin
haunt	xemgîniyê
haunted	şaş kirin
have	hebûn
haven	haven
havoc	wêrankirinî
haw	haw
hawk	teyrê baz
hawking	hawking
hay	NO TRANSLATION
haye	haye
hayride	hayride
haystack	lodka
haywire	haywire
hazard	talûke
hazardous	talûkane
haze	mij
hazmat	hazmat
hazy	mijî
head	ser
headache	serêş
headaches	serêş
headband	sîteyê
headdress	sernavê
header	header
headgear	sernavê
heading	sernivîs
headland	serokê
headless	bêlez
headlight	çira trimbêlan
headline	serrêza nivîs
headliner	headliner
headlock	serokê
headlong	serê xwe
headmaster	mamosteyê
headphones	headphones
headquarter	serokê
headquarters	sergeh
headset	headset
headstone	serê
headstrong	serî
headway	rêberê
heady	serî
heal	saxkirin
healer	hejar
healing	qenc kirin
health	tendûrûstî
healthcare	parastina saxlemîyê
healthful	tendurustî
healthy	sax
heap	heb
hear	gûhdarkirin
hearer	guhdariya
hearing	seh
hearsay	dibihîze
hearse	bihîstin
heart	dil
heart disease	nexweşiya dil
heartache	dilêş
heartattack	NO TRANSLATION
heartbeat	dillêdanî
heartbreak	dilovan
heartbreaker	dilovaniyê
heartbreaking	dilovaniyê
heartbroken	dilbirin
heartburn	serdilşewatî
hearted	dilsoz
heartfelt	dilfiroş
hearth	bihîstinê
heartily	dilovan
heartland	dilê
heartless	bêhêz
hearts	dilê
heartsick	dilê xwe
heartworm	dilberm
hearty	dilovan
heat	germa
heated	qenc kirin
heater	germakir
heath	hewa
heathen	heşten
heather	heather
heating	sofac
heave	hişyar
heaven	ezman
heavenly	ezmên
heavens	ezmên
heavily	giran
heaviness	zêdebûna
heaving	rûniştinê
heavy	giran
heavy metal	metal
heavyweight	giran
heck	heck
hectares	hektares
hectic	sergêjane
hedge	dehl
hedgehog	jîjo
hedonism	hedonism
hee	hee
heed	hişyar kirin
heel	kerkê pê
heels	heels
heft	heft
hefty	heft
hegemonic	hegemonîk
heheh	NO TRANSLATION
heifer	zikê
height	bilindî
heighten	bilindkirin
heightened	bilind kirin
heinous	zehmet
heir	mîratgir
heiress	mîratgir
heirloom	mîratmal
heirs	mîras
heist	heist
helical	helik
helicopter	helîkopter
helipad	helipad
heliport	heliport
helium	helium
helix	helix
hell	cehnem
hellfire	hellfire
hellhole	hellhole
hellish	şaş
helm	bêr
helmet	serparêz
helmsman	helmsman
help	alîkarî
helper	alîkar
helpful	alîkarane
helpless	bêçare
helplessness	neheqiyê
hem	NO TRANSLATION
hematite	hematite
hematoma	hematoma
hemi	hemi
hemisphere	dorhalî
hemispheric	hemispheric
hemlock	hemlock
hemoglobin	hemoglobin
hemorrhage	hemorrhage
hemorrhoids	hemorrîdî
hemostat	hemostat
hemp	hemp
hen	NO TRANSLATION
henceforth	hingê
henhouse	henhouse
hepatitis	hepatitis
herald	xerîb
heraldry	xerîb
herb	gîha
herbaceous	herbaceous
herbal	herbal
herbarium	herbarium
herbs	herbs
herd	naxir
hereditary	mîratê
heredity	derbasdibe
heresy	heresy
heretic	xweş
heretical	heretical
heretofore	wê yekê
hereunto	li vir
herewith	vê yekê
heritage	mîrata
hermaphrodite	hermaphrodite
hermeneutics	hermeneutics
hermit	bicîbû
hernia	şikesta
hero	qehreman
heroic	qehremanî
heroics	şehîdan
heroin	eroîn
heroine	qehrîn
heroism	vîdyoyîzmê
herpes	herpes
herpesvirus	herpesvirus
herring	xerîb
hertz	hertz
hesitant	hesab
hesitate	hesitate
hesitating	hesibandin
hesitation	rirsî
hetero	hetero
heterogeneity	heterogeneity
heterosexual	heterosexual
hew	hew
hex	hex
hexagon	şeşqozî
heyday	heyday
hiatus	xweyê
hibernate	hibernate
hibernation	xewa zivistanê
hiccup	qirpik
hick	hick
hickey	hickey
hickory	hickory
hidden	veşartî
hide	veşartin
hideaway	hideaway
hideous	hêrs
hideout	veşartinê
hiding	veşartin
hierarchical	hiyerarşîk
hierarchy	hîderparêz
hieroglyphics	hieroglyphics
high	bilind
high heels	pîtên mezin
highball	highball
higher	bilind e
highest	herî bilind
highland	bilind
highlands	giran
highlight	balkêş
highness	bilindahiya
hight	hest
hightail	hightail
highway	rê
hijack	revandin
hijacker	hijacker
hike	gerrîn
hiker	gerrok
hiking	hiking
hiking boot	booting boot
hilarious	hilweşîn
hilarity	kêfxweşiyê
hill	girik
hillside	çiyayan
hilltop	çolê
hilly	girikî
hilt	hilt
hind	hind
hinder	manibûn
hindering	hindering
hindrance	mani
hindsight	hêrs
hinge	çengelê seyda masîyan
hint	geşî
hinterland	hinterland
hip	kûlîmek
hip hop	hîp hop
hippie	hippie
hippo	hippo
hippopotamus	gamêşê nîlê
hire	îcarkirin
hirsute	hêrs
hiss	zîzdan
hissing	wî
histology	hîstolojiyê
historian	dîrokzan
historic	dîrokî
historical	dîrokî
historiography	historiography
history	dîrok
hit	lêxistin
hitch	pêvgirêdan
hitchhike	hitchhike
hitchhiker	xerîb
hitherto	heya
hitter	hitter
hive	hive
hives	hives
hoard	hêrs
hoarse	dengketî
hoary	hêrs
hoax	hoax
hob	hob
hobbit	hobbit
hobby	karkêfî
hobo	hobo
hock	halk
hockey	hockey
hoe	NO TRANSLATION
hog	beraz
hogwash	hogwash
hohoho	NO TRANSLATION
hoist	esansor
hokey	hokey
hold	rawestan
holder	xwedî
holding	pêk tê
holdup	asteng kirin
hole	qûl
holiday	karbetalî
holidays	betlaneyê
holidayseason	NO TRANSLATION
holiness	rûhanî
holistic	holistic
holler	holler
hollow	navvala
holly	holly
holocaust	holocaust
hologram	hologram
holographic	holographîk
holster	holster
holy	rûhane
holyspirit	NO TRANSLATION
homage	navbilindkirin
hombre	NO TRANSLATION
hombres	NO TRANSLATION
home	xane
homeboy	malê
homecoming	malê
homeland	welatê
homeless	bêmal
homely	homely
homemade	malê
homeopathic	malopathîk
homeopathy	malopathy
homeowner	malê
homeroom	homeroom
homesick	hesreta mal
homestead	malê
homesweethome	dirav dan
hometown	bajêr
homeward	xanî
homework	wazîfa malê
homey	homey
homicidal	mirovî
homicide	kûştinî
homily	hêrs
homing	xerîb
hominy	xanî
homo	homo
homogeneity	homogeneity
homogeneous	homogeneous
homologous	dilsoz
homologue	homologue
homology	homology
homophobic	homophobic
homosexual	homosexual
homosexuality	homosexuality
honcho	honcho
hone	hen
honest	dilpaqij
honesty	rastî
honey	hûngiv
honeycomb	darê mêşa hûngiv
honeymoon	gera paşzewacê
honeysuckle	honeysuckle
honk	honey
honky	şahî
honor	namûs
honorable	binamûs
honorarium	rûmet
honorary	rûmet
honored	rûmet kirin
hooch	hîç
hood	kûmik
hooded	hûrkirî
hoodlum	hoodlum
hoof	nal
hook	çengel
hooked	qîrîn
hooker	xerîb
hookup	pêwendî
hooky	hooky
hooligan	hooligan
hoop	hoop
hoopla	hoopla
hooray	hooray
hoot	hoot
hooter	hooter
hop	hilperkîn
hope	hêvî
hopeful	hêvîyane
hopeless	bêhêvî
hopelessness	bêhêvî
hopes	hêvî
hoping	hêvî dike
hopper	hopper
horde	horde
horizon	asûman
horizontal	asumane
horizontally	zelal
hormonal	hormonal
hormone	hormone
horn	qiloç
horned	hêrs
hornet	moz
horny	hêrs
horoscope	horoscope
horrendous	xerîb
horrible	xofane
horribly	xerîb
horrid	hêrs
horrific	tirsnak
horrified	tirsa
horrifying	tirsnak
horror	xof
horrors	tirs
horse	hesp
horseback	hespek
horseman	hesp
horsepower	hesp
horseradish	hespdar
horseshit	horseshit
horseshoe	nalhesin
horsey	hesey
horticultural	çandî
horticulture	bexçeavahî
hosannah	NO TRANSLATION
hose	xertûm
hosiery	hosieryê
hospice	hospice
hospitable	mêvanperwer
hospital	nexweşxane
hospitality	mêvanperwerî
host	mazûban
hostage	rehîn
hostel	hostel
hostess	mazûban
hostile	neyar
hostilities	dijmin
hostility	neyarî
hot	germ
hot sauce	sauşek germ
hotbed	hotbed
hotdog	veqetadin
hotel	ûtêl
hothead	germ
hotline	xist
hotshot	lêdana germ
hotyoga	NO TRANSLATION
hound	hound
hour	seet
hourglass	hourglass
hourly	seetî
house	xanî
houseboat	xanî
houseboy	xanî
housebroken	xanî
houseguest	malê
household	navmalî
householder	malê
housekeeper	xanî
housekeeping	xanî
housewarming	xanî
housewife	malbata
housework	karê malê
housing	xanî
hovel	hovel
hover	hover
hovercraft	hovercraft
howl	zûrîn
howsoever	çiqas
hoy	NO TRANSLATION
hub	hub
hubby	hubby
huckleberry	huckleberry
huddle	huddle
hue	hue
huff	huff
huffy	huffy
hug	himbêzkirinî
huge	pirr
hugger	hugger
huggy	huggy
hugs	hugs
hulk	hulk
hull	xaçil
hum	hum
human	mirov
humane	mirovan
humanitarian	mirovî
humanities	mirovî
humanity	mirovatî
humankind	mirov
humanoid	mirovî
humanrights	NO TRANSLATION
humble	dilnizm
humbled	hêrs
humbly	hêrs
humbug	humbug
humdrum	hêrs
humid	şil
humidity	şilî
humiliate	bêrûmetkirin
humiliated	hêrs
humiliating	dilsoz
humiliation	dilsoz
humility	nefsbiçûk
hummer	hummer
hummingbird	hummingbird
humongous	hêrs
humor	dilşahî
humored	hêrs
humorist	humorîst
humorous	henekane
hump	hump
humpback	humpback
hunch	kampê
hunchback	kişandin
hundred	sed
hundredth	sed
hunger	birçîtî
hungry	birçî
hunk	hunk
hunks	hêrs
hunky	hunky
hunt	neçir
hunter	neçirvan
hunting	hunting
huntress	huntress
hurdle	dorpêçê
hurl	hurl
hurrah	hurray
hurricane	bahoz
hurricanes	hurrikan
hurried	zû
hurry	lezdan
hurryup	NO TRANSLATION
hurt	birîndar
hurtful	birîndarkir
hurting	xemgîniyê
husband	mêr
husbandry	dilsoz
hush	zû
hushed	şewitandin
husk	NO TRANSLATION
husky	hêrs
hussy	hussy
hustle	hûrgelê
hustler	hustler
hut	kozik
hutch	hutch
hyacinth	hyacinth
hybrid	hybrid
hydra	hydra
hydrant	avahiyê
hydrate	hydrate
hydraulic	hîdroşîk
hydraulics	hydraulîk
hydrocephalus	hîdrocephalus
hydrodynamics	hydrodynamics
hydrogen	hîdrojen
hydrographic	hydrographîk
hydrology	hydrology
hydrophobia	hydrophobia
hydroponics	hydroponics
hyena	sehê bejî
hygiene	paqijî
hygienic	paqij
hygienist	paqij
hymen	hîmen
hymn	strana dêrê
hype	hype
hyped	hûrgelan
hyper	hîper
hyperactive	hyperactive
hyperbole	hyperbole
hyperspace	hîderpace
hypertension	bilindbûnê
hypertrophy	hypertrophy
hyperventilate	hyperventilate
hyperventilating	hestyarîkirin
hyphen	hifen
hypnosis	hestnas
hypnotic	hestnotîk
hypnotist	hestnotist
hypnotize	xewirandin
hypnotized	hûrnot kirin
hypochondriac	hîpochondriac
hypocrisy	durû ye
hypocrite	derewîn
hypocritical	durû ye
hypodermic	hypodermic
hypothalamus	hypothalamus
hypothermia	hîpotmaya
hypothesis	fikra
hypothetical	hestiyar
hysterectomy	hysterectomy
hysteria	nerehetî
hysterical	hysterical
ibuprofen	ibuprofen
ice	qeşa
ice tea	çayê teze
iceberg	girqeşa
icebox	çepê
icebreaker	qirikê
iced	xemgîn
icing	kişandin
icky	icky
icon	icon
iconic	nîşanî
iconography	îkarografiyê
icy	qeşayî
id	id
idea	fikir
ideal	xwestekî
idealism	idealîzmê
idealist	îdealîst
idealistic	îdeolojîk
identical	wekhev
identically	wekhevî
identification	nasname
identify	naskirin
identity	nasname
ideology	îdeolojî
idiocy	êzîdî
idiom	devok
idiomatic	biyanî
idiot	dînê
idiotic	dînî
idiots	miletan
idle	bêçalak
idleness	neheqiyê
idler	idler
idol	xûdayê putî
idolatry	pûtperest
idolizing	pêdivî ye
idyllic	idyllic
iffy	iffy
ifonly	eger
igloo	xanîkê eskîmoyan
igneous	neheq
ignite	vêxistin
ignition	ardadanî
ignorance	nezanî
ignorant	nezan
ignore	berçavnegirtin
iguana	iguana
ihatespiders	NO TRANSLATION
ilk	NO TRANSLATION
ill	nexweş
illegal	neqanûnî
illegality	neheqiyê
illegally	nehêle
illegible	neheq
illegitimate	bêbavane
illicit	neheq
illiterate	nexwende
illness	nexweşî
illogical	aqilnegir
illuminate	biriqandin
illuminating	ronahî
illumination	biriqîn
illuminator	illuminator
illusion	xiyal
illustrate	diyar bikin
illustration	xetkirî
illustrative	illustrative
illustrious	berbiçav
ilovechristmas	NO TRANSLATION
iloveher	NO TRANSLATION
image	wêne
imagery	wêne
imaginable	balkêş
imaginary	pozbilind
imagination	xewn
imaginative	xeyalpirr
imagine	fikirin
imagined	bifikirin
imaging	im imaging
imagining	bifikirin
imam	NO TRANSLATION
imbalance	nehevbûnî
imbecile	berbiçav
imbedded	imbedded
imissyou	NO TRANSLATION
imitate	teqlîdkirin
imitated	nifş kirin
imitation	teqlîd
immaculate	lihevhatî
immaterial	nemalî
immature	xav
immaturity	xavîtî
immeasurable	immeasurable
immeasurably	immeasurably
immediacy	hergav
immediate	derhal
immediately	derhal
immemorial	bîranîn
immense	aqilnebirrrane
immerse	navdekirin
immersion	navdekirinî
immigrant	nûhhatî
immigration	macirî
imminent	pêşdema
immobile	mobîl
immoral	bêehlaqane
immorality	neheqî
immortal	nemir
immortality	nemirî
immovable	nayê
immune	lênakev
immunity	zixtî
immunization	parastinê
immutable	neheq
imp	berbiçav
impact	tesîr
impair	kêmkirin
impaired	asteng
impairment	asteng
impart	veguherînin
impartial	bêdengîn
impartiality	nebawerî
impassable	rêneda
impassioned	neheq
impatience	bêsebirî
impatient	bêsebir
impatiently	NO TRANSLATION
impeach	bisekinin
impeachment	nerazîbûnê
impeccable	neheq
impede	berbiçav
impediment	asteng
impelled	berbiçav
impending	berbiçav
impenetrable	neheq
imperative	girîng e
imperceptible	nerazîbûn
imperfect	neheq
imperfection	xeletiyê
imperfectly	bêkêmasî
imperial	keyserane
imperialist	NO TRANSLATION
impermeable	neheq
impermissible	neheq
impersonal	neşexsane
impersonate	nebaş
impersonation	nerazîbûnê
impersonator	pispor
impertinence	neheq
impertinent	berbiçav
impervious	berbiçav
impetuous	bêhtir
impetus	berbiçav
implacable	implacable
implant	implant
implantation	implantation
implanted	implanted
implement	bicîanîn
implicate	xuyakirin
implicated	xist
implication	xuyakirin
implied	tête kirin
implore	implore
implosion	implosion
imply	belîkirin
impolite	nedost
import	malanîn
importance	giringî
important	giring
importation	bazirganî
impose	bisekinin
imposing	pêkanîn
imposition	bicihkirin
impossibility	nerazîbûnê
impossible	nemimkûn
impostor	bêhtir
impotence	bêqûdretî
impotent	neheq
impound	bisekinin
impoverished	bêhtir
impracticable	berbiçav
impractical	neyînî
impregnable	nebaş
impregnate	bêhtir
impress	tûjkirin
impressed	bandor
impression	şop
impressionable	bandor
impressive	şopgiran
imprint	şop
imprison	sicinkirin
imprisoned	girtîgehê
imprisonment	ceza sicnê
improbable	bêgûman
impromptu	nebaş
improper	lihevnehat
impropriety	neheq
improve	serrastkirin
improved	çêtir kirin
improvement	serrastkirinî
improves	çêtir dike
improving	çêtirîn
improvisation	çêkirin
improvise	lihevanîn
improvised	çêkirin
imprudent	neheq
impudence	neheqî
impudent	neheq
impulse	pal
impulsive	palînî
impunity	sekinandinê
impure	nexweşî
impurity	neheqiyê
imputation	nirxandin
imtryingtosleep	NO TRANSLATION
inability	nekarhatî
inaccessible	derbasnabe
inaccurate	netemam
inaction	kişandin
inactivate	neheq
inactivation	neheq
inactive	bêkar
inactivity	neheqiyê
inadequacy	neheqiyê
inadequate	neqbûl
inadequateness	neheqiyê
inadmissible	nayê pejirandin
inadvertent	nehêle
inadvertently	bêhemd
inaffable	NO TRANSLATION
inalienable	neheq
inane	inane
inanimate	nehêle
inapplicable	nebêjin
inappropriate	neheq
inattention	nerazîbûnê
inaudible	vekirî
inaugural	vekirî
inaugurate	vekin
inauguration	bikarkirina fermî
inborn	zikê
inbound	hundir
inbred	şaş
incalculable	neheq
incandescent	bihar
incantation	xwenîşandan
incapable	bêkarhat
incapacity	neheqiyê
incarceration	girtin
incarnate	dakêşin
incase	eger
incendiary	şewitandin
incense	dixana bînxweş
incensed	şikandin
incentive	dilkêş
inception	destpêkirin
incessant	berbiçav
incessantly	zû
incest	zewaca nav malbatê
incestuous	neheq
inch	inch
incidence	bûyeran
incident	bûyer
incidental	bûyerê
incidentally	herwiha
incineration	avêtin
incinerator	firotanê
incipient	xercê
incision	cûda
incisive	xemgîniyê
incite	lihevxistin
incitement	kişandin
inclement	îngilîzî
inclination	meyil
incline	bilindeyî
inclined	xweş
include	linavxistin
included	tevlî
including	giştî
inclusion	tevlêbûnê
inclusive	inclusive
incognito	nexwendin
incoherent	bêbawer
income	hatin
incoming	dereng
incomparable	neheq
incompatible	lihevnehat
incompetence	neheqiyê
incompetent	bêkêr
incomplete	netemam
incompletely	neheq
incompleteness	neheq
incomprehensible	netêgiştî
inconceivable	neheq
inconclusive	bêtesîr
incongruous	celeb
inconsequential	neheq
inconsiderate	bêbal
inconsistency	nerazîbûnê
inconsistent	neheq
inconspicuous	nebaş
incontinence	neheq
inconvenience	nebaşî
inconvenient	neerzan
incorporate	tevlîhev
incorporation	tevlêbûnê
incorrect	nerast
incorrigible	xemgîn in
increase	zêdekirin
increased	zêde bû
incredible	bêbawer
incredulous	neheq
increment	zêdebûna
incriminate	bargirankirin
incriminating	hilweşandin
incrimination	çandî
incubation	kişandin
incubator	kişandin
incubus	kişandin
incumbent	bisekinin
incur	incur
incurable	saxnabe
incursion	xercê
indebted	berbiçav
indecency	neheq
indecent	bêşerm
indecision	dûdilî
indecisive	neheq
indefensible	nerazîbûn
indefinite	nebelî
indelible	neheq
indemnification	sîgorteyê
indemnify	nerazîkirin
indemnity	heqê
indent	hundir
indentation	xerîb
indenture	îdeolojî
independence	serxwebûnî
independent	serbixwe
indescribable	nerazîbûn
indestructible	nehêle
indeterminate	nehêle
index	naverok
indicate	nîşandan
indicating	nîşanî
indication	delîl
indicative	nîşanî
indicator	nîşanî
indice	NO TRANSLATION
indict	gilîkirin
indictment	gilîname
indie	indie
indifference	neheq
indifferent	bêbawer
indigenous	welatekî
indigent	xerîb
indigestion	madeêş
indignant	neheq
indignation	xerîb
indignity	neheqiyê
indigo	nerazî
indirect	rasterast
indiscreet	bêhêz
indiscretion	binpêkirin
indispensable	berbiçav
indisposed	nexşandin
indistinct	nehêle
indistinguishable	neheq
individual	şexsî
individuality	şexsî
indivisible	bête
indoctrination	nerazîbûnê
indolent	xemgîn
indomitable	neheq
indoor	hundir
induce	hilweşînin
induced	hilberandin
inducement	hilberandin
induction	veguhestinê
indulge	derxistin
indulgence	nexweşî
indulgent	neheq
industrial	sinaî
industrialist	pîşesazî
industrious	çêbikin
industry	ava
ineffable	neheq
ineffective	nebor
ineffectual	neheqî
inefficiency	neheqiyê
inefficient	bêkêr
inelastic	inelastic
ineligible	nebêjin
inept	şaş
ineptitude	neheq
inequality	newekheviyê
inequitable	neyînî
inert	hişyar
inertia	kişandin
inevitable	neheq
inexact	înexact
inexcusable	neheq
inexhaustible	bête
inexpensive	erzan
inexperience	bêparêziyê
inexperienced	bêbawer
inexplicable	nebêjin
inexpressible	nexwendin
infallibility	neheq
infallible	neheq
infamous	binav û deng
infamy	infamy
infancy	infeksiyonê
infant	zarokê biçûk
infanticide	zarok
infantile	infantile
infantry	pîyde
infarct	nefret
infatuated	bête kirin
infatuation	infatuation
infeasible	neheq
infect	derbaskirin
infection	derbasî
infectious	derbasbar
infer	nehêle
inference	celeb
inferential	bête
inferior	bênirx
inferiority	kêmahiyê
infernal	nefernal
inferno	nefret
infertile	neferî
infertility	neferansî
infestation	infestation
infidel	nebawer
infidelity	nebawer
infield	binpêkirin
infiltrate	veguherînin
infiltration	binavkirin
infinite	bêdeng
infinitely	bêkêmasî
infinitesimal	infiniteimal
infinity	bêdawîtî
infirm	nexweşî
infirmary	neheq
infirmity	neheqiyê
inflammation	kûl
inflammatory	tevlihevkirinê
inflatable	balkêş
inflate	nepixandin
inflated	xweş kirin
inflation	ji qîmetketin
inflection	veguherîn
inflict	lêzêdekirin
infliction	kişandin
inflorescence	berbiçav
influence	tesîr
influential	tesirpir
influenza	bapêş
influx	herrik
info	agahdariyê
infomercial	infomercial
inform	agahdayin
informal	nefermî
informant	agahdar
information	agahî
informative	dersda
informed	agahdar kirin
informer	mûkirhat
infraction	veguhestinê
infrared	infrared
infrastructure	bingehîn
infrequent	kêm
infrequently	bi zû
infringement	birîn
infuriate	qeherandin
infuriated	şewitandin
infuriates	nehêle
infuriating	berbiçav
infuse	bikujin
infused	dakêşandin
infuser	infuser
infusion	fîlmê
ingenious	dahî
ingenuity	dahîtî
ingest	tevlihev
ingestion	xemgîniyê
ingot	însot
ingrained	xerîb
ingrate	ingrate
ingredient	pêvok
ingress	qirêj
inhabit	lê rûniştin
inhabitant	rûniştevan
inhabited	rûniştin
inhabiting	rûniştin
inhalation	hilweşandin
inhale	bêhnkirin
inhaler	kişandin
inherent	berbiçav
inherit	mîratgirtin
inheritance	mîratî
inhibit	veguherînin
inhibition	pêşangehê
inhibitor	berbiçav
inhospitable	bêhêvî
inhuman	nemirovî
inhumane	dijmin
inhumanity	neheqiyê
inimaginable	NO TRANSLATION
inimical	inimîkî
inimitable	bête
iniquity	sûcdar
initial	destpêkî
initiate	destpêkirin
initiated	destpêkirin
initiation	destpêk
initiative	serkêşî
inject	derzîkirin
injection	derzîkirinî
injunction	birîndar kirin
injure	birînkirin
injured	birîndar bûne
injuring	birîndar kirin
injurious	tund
injury	birîn
injustice	neadaletî
ink	mirkeb
inkling	şaş
inland	di nav
inlay	kişandin
inlet	pîyê derya
inmate	rûneştevan
inn	aşxane
innards	xerîb
innate	zikmakî
inner	navî
innermost	nermî
innerpeace	NO TRANSLATION
inning	şewitandin
innings	pevçûn
innkeeper	pîvan
innocence	bêsûcî
innocent	bêsûc
innocently	bêbawer
innocuous	neheq
innovate	nûze
innovation	nûkirinî
innovative	nû
innuendo	innuendo
innumerable	bêjimar
inoculation	kişandin
inoperable	nehêle
inoperative	tevger
inordinate	zehf
inorganic	inorganic
input	beyan
inquest	lêkolîn
inquire	agahgirtin
inquirer	lêpirsîn
inquiring	lêpirsîn
inquiry	pirs
inquisitive	bimiraq
inquisitor	lêpirsîn
insane	rûhnexweş
insanity	rûhnexweşî
insatiable	neheq
inscription	nivîs
inscrutable	neheq
insect	mêşik
insecticide	kişandin
insecure	xwenebawer
insecurity	xwenebawerî
insemination	kişandin
insensitive	bêxem
inseparable	neheq
insert	lêzêdekirin
inserted	danîn
insertion	lêzêdekirinî
inside	nav
insider	hundir
insidious	bêhêz
insight	rastdîtinî
insightful	nefret
insignia	nexweşî
insignificance	neheq
insignificant	bêqîmet
insinuate	belîkirin
insipid	şaş kirin
insist	liserekinîn
insistence	îsrarî
insistent	îsrarî
insists	rexne dike
insolence	neheqiyê
insolent	neheq
insoluble	nehêle
insolvency	nebaş
insolvent	dehndarê nikarda
insomnia	bêxewî
insomniac	insomniac
inspect	berçavderbaskirin
inspection	berçavderbasî
inspector	berçavker
inspiration	eyan
inspirational	inspirational
inspire	eyankirin
inspired	berbiçav
instability	bêkariyê
install	lêkirin
installation	lêkirinî
installment	teqîn
instance	nimûne
instant	derhal
instantaneous	lezgîn
instantaneously	bi lez
instigate	tevlihev
instigation	dadgeh
instill	tevlîhevkirinê
instinct	hîssîtî
instinctive	hîssî
institute	enstîtû
institution	dayre
instruct	dersdan
instructed	şîret kirin
instruction	ders
instructional	perwerdeyê
instructions	fermanên
instructive	perwerdeyê
instructor	dersda
instrument	alet
instrumental	alîkar
instrumentalist	instrumentist
instrumentality	instrument
insubordination	binçavkirin
insufferable	neheq
insufficiency	nebaweriyê
insufficient	nebes
insufficiently	nebawer
insular	insuler
insulate	tenêkirin
insulated	xistin
insulation	tenêkirinî
insulin	derzîya nexweşîya şekir
insult	kêmkirinî
insulting	kêmkir
insurance	sixorte
insure	sîxortekirin
insurgent	xirabkar
insurmountable	neheq
insurrection	serhildanê
intact	serhev
intake	bistînin
intangible	neheq
integer	integer
integral	întegral
integrate	linavxistin
integration	pêxistinî
integrity	linavketinî
intellect	rewşen
intellectual	rewşenbîr
intelligence	nûçe
intelligent	reweşenbîr
intelligibility	hişmendiyê
intelligible	têgihîştin
intend	nêtkirin
intended	armanc
intending	armanc dike
intense	liserhev
intensely	giran
intensify	zexmkirin
intensity	zexmî
intensive	zexm
intent	armanc
intention	nêt
intentional	binêt
intentionally	bizanin
inter	inter
interact	lihevtesîrkirin
interaction	tesîra li serhev
interactive	bihevra
intercede	wergirtin
intercept	bikişînin
interception	tevgerê
intercession	pêvajo
interchange	veguherîn
interchangeable	têgûherr
interchanged	danûstandin
intercom	alta axaftinê
intercourse	rêsazî
interdependence	têkiliyê
interdependent	nakokî
interdiction	binpêkirin
interest	zem
interested	balkêş
interesting	balkêş
interface	interface
interfere	tedaxûlbûn
interference	acizkirin
interferometer	interferometer
intergalactic	veguherîn
interim	interim
interior	navî
interject	vegotin
interlocutory	hevpeyman
interlude	tevlihev
intermediary	navendî
intermediate	di nav
interment	veguhestinê
interminable	berbiçav
intermission	rawestanî
intermittent	navend
intern	pizişka destpêker
internal	navbend
internally	navxweyî
international	navnetewî
internet	înternet
internship	înternetê
interoffice	navendî
interpolate	veguhestin
interpolation	veguhestinê
interpret	jêderxistin
interpretation	jêfêhmî
interpreter	werger
interpretive	şîrovekirin
interrelated	bihevgrêdayî
interrogate	îfadegirtin
interrogation	îfade
interrupt	devjêberdan
interrupted	asteng kirin
interrupting	asteng kirin
interruption	rawesta
interrupts	asteng dike
intersect	jêkirin
intersection	xaç
interstate	interstate
interstellar	interstellar
interstitial	navîn
interval	navber
intervene	êrişdan
intervening	têkoşînê
intervention	êriş
interview	hevpeyvîn
interviewer	hevpeyvînerê
interworking	tevger
intestate	navîn
intestinal	navîn
intestine	rêvî
intestines	kolanan
intimacy	nasî
intimate	nas
intimately	bi awayekî
intimation	intimation
intimidate	tirsavêtin
intimidated	ditirsin
intimidating	ditirsin
intimidation	tirsavêtinî
intolerable	nakêş
intolerance	neheqiyê
intolerant	dilteng
intonation	deng
intoxicated	serxweş
intoxicating	bêxilandin
intoxication	serxweşî
intracranial	intracranial
intractable	balkêş
intramural	intramural
intravenous	tamara dilî
intrepid	berbiçav
intricate	tevlihev
intrigue	fen
intriguing	balkêş
intrinsic	xweser
intrinsically	navxweyî
intro	intro
introduce	derbaskirin
introduction	pêşkêş
introductory	destpêkê
introspection	introspection
introspective	vekirî
intrude	ketina nav
intruder	binavket
intrusion	veguhestin
intrusive	xweser
intubation	veguhestinê
intuition	fikir
intuitive	fikrî
intuitively	xweş
inundation	kişandin
invade	bîrketin
invader	êrişker
invalid	seqet
invalidate	nerastkirin
invalidation	nerazîbûnê
invalidity	neheqiyê
invaluable	nirxandin
invariably	berbiçav
invasion	dagirî
invasive	berbiçav
invent	armanc
invention	kişif
inventive	muxalîf
inventor	nûhdît
inventory	belgeyê
inverse	berbiçav
inversely	berbiçav
inversion	veguherîn
invert	bikişînin
inverted	şaş kirin
invest	sermîyandan
investigate	lêkolîn
investigation	lêkolînî
investigative	lêkolîner
investigator	lêkolîner
investment	dorber
investor	veberhênêr
invidious	berbiçav
invigorate	bikişînin
invincible	têknare
invisibility	veguhestinê
invisible	nedît
invitation	ezimanî
invite	ezimanden
inviting	vexwendin
invocation	veguhestinê
invoice	biha
invoke	vexwendin
involuntary	nexwendin
involution	veguherîn
involve	linavketin
involvement	linavketinî
invulnerable	berbiçav
inwards	berbinav
iodine	xwê
ion	ion
iota	iota
irate	nehêle
ire	NO TRANSLATION
iridescent	iridescent
iris	iris
irked	irked
irks	irks
iron	hesin
ironclad	ironclad
ironic	bi mane
irons	irons
irony	xemgîniyê
irradiation	irradiation
irrational	bêaqil
irrationality	neqalîtiyê
irreconcilable	neheq
irreducible	neheq
irrefutable	neheq
irregular	nerast
irregularity	neheqî
irregularly	neheqî
irrelevant	bêqîmet
irreparable	neheqî
irreplaceable	neheq
irrepressible	neheqî
irresistible	bêteşîn
irrespective	bêyî
irresponsible	bêpersîyar
irreverent	irreverent
irreversible	neçar
irrevocable	nerazîbûn
irrigate	avdan
irrigation	avdanî
irritability	xemgîniyê
irritable	hêcber
irritate	şeqitandin
irritated	xistin
irritates	xemgîn
irritating	xemgîniyê
irritation	qehirandin
island	girav
isle	isle
islet	qutikê
isolate	dorgirtin
isolated	berbiçav
isolation	dorgirtî
isomorphism	isomorphîzmê
isothermal	isothermal
isotope	isotope
issue	pirs
itch	xûrandi
itching	xerîb
itchy	xerîb
item	şanî
itemize	tiştek
items	tiştên
iterate	vedigire
iteration	revandin
iterative	berbiçav
itinerant	itinerant
itinerary	rêya gerrê
ivory	hestîyê fîl
jab	jab
jabber	jabber
jack	jack
jackal	zelal
jackass	kûçik
jacket	sako
jackhammer	jackhammer
jackpot	qulikê
jackrabbit	jackrabbit
jacks	jacks
jade	jade
jaded	jor
jag	NO TRANSLATION
jagged	şaş
jaguar	jaguar
jail	girtîgeh
jailbird	girtîgehê
jailbreak	zindanê
jailer	girtîgehê
jailhouse	girtîgehê
jalopy	jalopî
jam	rîçal
jamboree	jamboree
jammed	tengket
jammer	jammer
janitor	sûxrekar
janitorial	deryariyê
japan	Japonya
jar	kodik
jargon	jargon
jarhead	jarhead
jarring	jorîn
jasmine	jasmine
jasper	jasper
jaundice	zêrîn
jaunt	zû
java	java
javelin	javelin
jaw	hestîyê çengê
jawbone	jawbone
jaws	jaws
jay	jay
jazz	jazz
jazzy	jazzy
jealous	beecok
jealousy	nekêşî
jean	jean
jeans	jeans
jeep	cîp
jeering	jeering
jelly	keşke
jellybean	jellybean
jellyfish	tebakî nav avê
jenny	jenny
jeopardize	xeter
jeopardy	xetereyê
jerk	jerk
jerks	jerks
jerky	jerky
jersey	jersey
jest	NO TRANSLATION
jester	jester
jesus	Îsa
jet	bêhnok
jetty	erdê balafirdaket
jewel	cewher
jeweler	cewherfiroş
jewelry	xemil
jib	jib
jiff	NO TRANSLATION
jiffy	jiffy
jig	jig
jiggle	jiggle
jigsaw	jigsaw
jihad	cîhad
jimmy	jimmy
jingle	jingle
jinx	jinx
jitters	jitters
jittery	hêrs
jive	jive
job	kar
jobinterview	NO TRANSLATION
jock	jock
jockey	jockey
jockstrap	jockstrap
jog	jog
jogger	jogger
john	john
join	bihevgirêdan
joined	bûn
joining	tevlî bibin
joint	movirk
jointly	hevbeş
joke	henek
joker	joker
joking	şewitandin
jolly	jolly
jolt	jolt
jornada	NO TRANSLATION
jot	jot
jour	NO TRANSLATION
journal	rojname
journalism	rojnamevanî
journalist	rojnamevan
journalistic	rojnamevaniyê
journey	gerr
journeyman	rêwîtiyê
joust	joust
jovial	jovial
joy	kêf
joyful	dilfireh
joyous	şahî
joyride	kêfxweş
joys	kêfxweş
jubilant	jûbilant
jubilee	jûbîlê
judge	dadmend
judged	dadbar kirin
judging	dadbar kirin
judgment	biryar
judgmental	darizandin
judicial	dadwerî
judiciary	dadweriyê
judicious	rastdar
judo	judo
jug	jug
juggle	şaş
juggler	juggler
juggling	şehîd
jugular	jugular
juice	av
juicer	juicer
juicy	avî
juju	NO TRANSLATION
juke	juke
jukebox	jukebox
jumble	qirêj
jumbled	jumbled
jumbo	jumbo
jump	helperkîn
jump rope	rope jump
jumper	jumper
jumpsuit	jumpsuit
jumpy	veşartin
junction	xaçî
juncture	çemê
jungle	daristan
junior	ciwantir
juniper	juniper
junk	junk
junket	kincê
junkie	junkie
junky	kinc
junkyard	zevî
junta	junta
juridical	juridical
jurisdiction	dadî
jurisprudence	zagonî
jurist	jiyîst
juror	dadê ji nav gel
jury	şêwre
justice	mafî
justifiable	rastdar
justification	bersivkirinî
justify	bersivkirin
juststop	NO TRANSLATION
justthebeginning	NO TRANSLATION
jute	jute
juvenile	ciwan
juxtaposition	juxtapasyon
kaiser	kaiser
kale	kale
kaleidoscope	kaleidoscope
kamikaze	kamikaze
kangaroo	kengûrû
kanji	kanji
kappa	kappa
kaput	NO TRANSLATION
karaoke	karaoke
karate	karate
karma	karma
karmic	karmic
kayak	kayak
kazoo	kazoo
kebab	kebab
keel	keel
keen	keç
keep	didesthiştin
keeper	keeper
keeping	biparêzin
keepsake	bimîne
keg	keg
kelp	kelp
ken	ken
kennel	holîka seh
kerchief	kerchief
kern	kern
kernel	kernel
kerosene	kerosene
ketchup	ava bacanê sor
kettle	teşt
key	qûfle
keyboard	kilawye
keyed	keyed
keyhole	keyhole
keynote	keynote
keypad	keypad
keystone	keystone
keyword	lêgerîn
khaki	khaki
khan	khan
kibble	kibble
kick	peîn
kickboxing	kickboxing
kicker	kicker
kicking	kişandin
kickoff	top lêdan
kid	zarok
kidder	kulikê
kidding	tengahiyê
kiddo	kiddo
kiddos	kiddos
kidnap	revandin
kidnapped	revandin
kidnapper	revandin
kidnapping	revandinî
kidney	gûrçik
kids	zarok
kill	kûştin
killer	mirdar
killing	kuştin
killjoy	kuştin
kiln	kiln
kilo	NO TRANSLATION
kilogram	kîlogram
kilometer	kîlometr
kilt	kilt
kimono	kimono
kin	kin
kind	hevalbend
kindergarten	kindergarten
kindling	xemgîniyê
kindness	hevalbend
kindred	xemgîn
kinematics	kinematics
kinesiology	kinesiolojiyê
kinetic	kinetic
king	qiral
king snake	bayê bayê
kingdom	qiralî
kingpin	padîşah
kink	kink
kinky	kinky
kinship	kişandin
kiosk	kiosk
kirk	kirk
kiss	maç
kisser	kêfxweş
kissy	kêfxweş
kit	kit
kitchen	aşxane
kite	zîha
kitten	pişîlek
kiwi	kiwi
klutz	klutz
knack	qulikê
knapsack	qulikê
knead	sitiran
knee	çog
kneecap	serçog
kneel	biçogçûn
kneeling	çokan
knell	nehêl
knick	xemgîn
knickers	qirêj
knife	kêr
knight	sûwar
knighthood	nîv
knit	hûnan
knob	biçkov
knock	lêdan
knockoff	qutikê
knockout	ez jî wisa
knoll	qalikê
knot	girêkkirin
knots	kulikan
knotted	qewimandin
know	zanîn
knowing	dizanin
knowingly	bi zanistî
knowledge	zanyarîn
knowledgeable	zanist
knuckle	gûzok
knucklehead	kulikê
knuckles	kulikê
koala	koala
kook	NO TRANSLATION
kooky	kooky
kool-aid	kool-aid
kos	kos
kosher	kişandin
kraut	NO TRANSLATION
kris	kris
kryptonite	kryptonite
kudos	kudos
kumquat	kumquat
lab	lab
label	awanasî
labor	kar
laboratory	lêkolînxane
labored	dixebitin
laborer	karker
laboring	karker
laborious	karker
labyrinth	labyrinth
lac	lac
lace	ser
laceration	laceration
lack	kêmasî
lackey	lackey
lacking	kêm
lackluster	kêmasî
lacquer	lacquer
lacrosse	lacrosse
lactose	lactose
lad	lad
ladder	serok
laddie	laddie
laden	zêrîn
lading	xurt kirin
ladle	şewitandin
lady	sitê
lady bug	NO TRANSLATION
ladybug	kêzxatûn
ladylike	ladylike
ladyship	jinikê
lag	lag
lager	NO TRANSLATION
lagging	xerîb
lagoon	berav
lair	mirin
laity	dilsoz
lake	gol
lama	NO TRANSLATION
lamb	pez
lame	felc
lament	xemgîniyê
lamenting	bîr
lamina	lamina
laminated	xwandî
lamp	çira
lamppost	lamppost
lance	xilas
lancer	lancer
land	welat
landed	kir
landfall	erdê
landfill	erdê
landing	daketin
landlady	mazûban
landlocked	xistin
landlord	mazûban
landmark	nasî
lands	erd
landscape	dorhalî
landscaping	xanîkirin
landslide	erdherrik
lane	kûçe
language	ziman
languid	nexweşî
languish	şaş
languishing	davêjin
lanky	zelal
lantern	lantern
lap	himbêz
lapdog	lapdog
lapel	kulikê
lapse	dawîn
lapsed	xeletî
laptop	laptop
larceny	dizî
lard	dohn
larder	xerîb
large	mezin
larger	mezin
largo	NO TRANSLATION
lark	lark
larva	kûrmik
laryngitis	laryngitis
larynx	ximximk
lasagna	lasagna
laser	laser
lash	laş
lass	las
lasso	lasso
lastday	NO TRANSLATION
lasting	berdewam
lastminute	deqeya dawî
latch	girtok
late	dereng
lateness	latînî
latent	latînî
lateral	paşê
laterally	paşê
latex	latex
lathe	lathe
lather	bibînin
latitude	firehî
latrine	latînî
latrines	latînî
latte	latte
lattice	xemgîn
laud	laud
laudable	dilsoz
laudation	dilsoz
laudatory	dilsoz
laugh	ken
laughable	pêkenok
laughing	dikim
laughingstock	NO TRANSLATION
laughs	dikenin
laughter	pêkenîn
launch	destpêkirin
launcher	launcher
launches	dest pê dike
launder	şaş
laundering	şaş kirin
laundry	cil
laureate	pîroz kirin
laurel	laurel
laurels	nîjer
lava	lawa
lavage	qirêj
lavatory	lavatory
lavender	lavender
lavish	şaş
law	qanûn
lawful	qanûnî
lawless	bêqanûn
lawlessness	neheqiyê
lawman	lawman
lawn	lawn
lawnmower	lawnmower
lawsuit	doz
lawyer	parêzkar
lax	lax
laxative	laxative
lay	danîn
layaway	dûr
layer	pel
layered	pêdivî ye
layman	deveran
layout	rêz
layover	derxistin
laziness	qelpî
lazy	qelp
lazyday	NO TRANSLATION
lea	lea
lead	gûlle
leaded	rêve kirin
leader	birêvebir
leadership	birêvebirî
leading	sereke
leads	dibe
leaf	pel
leaflet	belavok
leafy	pelik
league	league
leak	qûl
leakage	leakage
leaky	leaky
lean	paldan
leaned	şikilandin
leaning	şewitandin
leap	perkîn
learn	fêrbûn
learned	fêr kirin
learner	fêrbûnê
learning	fêrbûnê
lease	kirêkirin
leash	şewitandin
leather	çerm
leathery	çerm
leave	terikandin
leavemealone	min tenê bêlin
leaving	derketin
lecherous	lex
lecture	axaftin
lecturer	lecturer
ledge	pêşvewarî
ledger	rêber
lee	lee
leech	xwînmêj
leeches	lex
leer	NO TRANSLATION
leery	leery
lees	NO TRANSLATION
leeway	derê
left	çep
leftout	NO TRANSLATION
leftover	leftover
leftovers	çep
lefty	çepgir
leg	çîp
legacy	mîras
legal	mafî
legality	qanûnî
legalize	qanûnî bikin
legalized	hiqûqî
legally	qanûnî
legend	çîrok
legendary	dilsoz
legibility	rastiyê
legible	texwendin
legion	liq
legislate	qanûnî
legislation	qanûmda
legislative	qanûnî
legislator	qanûnkar
legislature	pêşvebirî
legit	legit
legitimacy	qanûnî
legitimate	qanûnî
lego	lego
legs	ling
legume	dirûnê
legwork	kevir
leisure	betalî
leisurely	bêdeng
lemma	lemma
lemon	leymûn
lemonade	ava leymûnê
lend	deynkirin
lender	deyndar
lending	dayîn
length	dirêjî
lengthen	dirêjkirin
lengthened	dirêj kirin
lengthening	dirêj kirin
lengthwise	demek dirêj
lengthy	dirêj
leniency	hûrgelan
lenient	têgihîşt
lens	nîsk
leopard	leopar
leotard	leotard
leper	leper
leprechaun	leprechaun
leprosy	leopsy
lesbian	lesbian
lesbianism	lesbianism
lesion	çepê
less	kêmtir
lessee	kêmtirîn
lessen	kêmkirin
lessening	kêmtir
lesser	kêmtir
lesson	ders
lessor	piçûk
let	berdan
lethal	kujyar
lethargic	lezgîn
lethargy	dilovanî
letter	name
lettered	nameyek
letterhead	nameyek
lettering	nameya
letters	nameyan
lettuce	selete
leukemia	leukemia
levee	levee
level	serrast
lever	dirsek
leverage	hilberînin
levitate	levitate
levy	levy
lewd	lewd
lexicon	lexicon
ley	NO TRANSLATION
liabilities	berpirsiyariyên
liability	bar
liable	berpirsîyar
liaison	girêk
liar	derewîn
libel	fesadî
libelous	serbixwe
liberal	dilfireh
liberalism	lîberalîzm
liberate	rizgarkirin
liberated	azad kirin
liberating	rizgar kirin
liberation	rizgarî
liberty	Azadî
libido	libido
librarian	pirtûkxanevan
library	pirtûkxane
libretto	libretto
lice	lice
license	îcaze
lichen	lichen
lick	alastin
licorice	licorice
lid	devik
lie	derew
liege	derxistin
lien	lien
lieu	lieu
lieutenant	serbaz
life	jîyan
lifeblood	jiyanê
lifeboat	kaşîya rizgarî
lifeguard	jiyanê
lifeisgood	jiyan xweş e
lifeless	becan
lifelike	jiyanê
lifeline	lifeline
lifelong	jiyanê
lifer	zindî
lifesaver	lifesaver
lifestyle	jiyanê
lifesucks	lifesucks
lifetime	jiyanê
lift	esansor
lifted	rakirin
liftoff	rakirin
ligament	bendik
ligation	kir
ligature	xerîb
light	sivik
light year	salî
lightbulb	dûr bûn
lighten	ronahî
lightheaded	şewitandin
lighthouse	birca ronîdankê
lighting	ronahî
lightness	ronahî
lightning	brûsk
lights	ronahî
lightweight	hildan
likable	balkêş
like	çawa
likelihood	derfetê
likely	belkî
likeness	nêzhevî
likewise	her wiha
liking	dixwaze
lilac	lilac
lily	lily
limb	limbê
limber	lîber
limbo	limbo
lime	lime
limelight	razight
limestone	kils
limey	limey
limit	sînorkirin
limitation	sînor
limited	sînor
limitless	sînor
limo	limo
limousine	lîmozînok
limp	kûllekînî
lin	lin
line	xet
lineage	xerîb
lineal	lîberal
linear	linear
linebacker	pêdivî ye
lined	xistin
linen	paçê pemboyî
liner	liner
lines	rêz
lineup	berdewam dibe
linger	xerîb
lingerie	lingerie
lingering	lingering
lingo	lingo
lingual	lingual
linguini	linguini
linguist	zimanzan
linguistic	zimanî
linguistics	zimanzanî
lining	rûniştin
link	pêvek
linoleum	linoleum
lint	lint
lion	şêr
lip	lêv
liposuction	liposuction
lipstick	lipstick
liquefaction	şewitandin
liquefied	şewitandin
liqueur	liqueur
liquid	herrik
liquidate	şewitandin
liquidation	şermezar kirin
liquidator	şewitandin
liquidity	qezencê
liquor	alkolî
lira	NO TRANSLATION
lisp	berxwede axaftin
list	rêzok
listen	gûhdarkirin
listener	gûhdar
listenting	NO TRANSLATION
listing	lîsteyê
listless	bête
listneing	NO TRANSLATION
litany	lîtanyayê
liter	lîgar
literacy	kêrhatina xwendinê
literal	asas
literally	wêjeyê
literary	edebî
literature	hêdane
lithe	rûniştin
lithium	lîtium
lithograph	lîtografî
lithography	lîtografiyê
lithology	lîtolojiya
lithosphere	lithosphere
litigant	lêpirsîn
litigate	dozkirin
litigation	dozxwazî
litigator	lêgerîn
litigious	birêvebirin
litter	kulikê
little	kêm
littlethings	çi nûçe
littoral	lîber
liturgy	lêgerîn
live	jîyan
livelife	jiyana zindî
livelihood	debara jîyanê
lively	jîyanî
liven	xistin
liver	ceger
livery	deriyê
livestock	heywanan
livid	şewitandin
living	dijîn
lizard	marmarok
llama	llama
lml	lml
load	gazîname
loader	loader
loaf	kelek
loafer	berbiçav
loam	loam
loan	sened
loath	dorpêç
loathe	bimînin
loathful	neheq
loathing	hiştin
loathsome	bêhêz
lobby	berpê
lobbyist	lobbyist
lobe	lobe
lobotomy	lobotomy
lobster	kevcal
local	herêmî
locale	locale
locality	herêmî
localization	herêmîbûnê
localize	herêmî bikin
localized	herêmî
locate	dîtin
location	cîh
locator	locator
loch	loch
lock	qesr
locker	laşker
locket	locket
locksmith	lozmîn
lockup	lêdanê
loco	loco
locomotion	lokomotion
locomotive	locomotive
locust	navîn
lode	NO TRANSLATION
lodge	lodge
lodger	lodger
lodging	rûniştinê
loft	serbanî
lofty	bilind
log	rojname
logarithm	logarîtmê
logarithmic	logarîtmîk
logic	fêhm
logical	bifêhm
logistics	lojîstîk
logo	logo
logotype	logotype
loin	NO TRANSLATION
lollipop	lollipop
lone	lone
loneliness	tenêbûnî
lonely	tenê
loner	loner
lonesome	lonesome
long	dirêj
longboat	longboat
longevity	dirêjî
longing	hisret
longitude	dirêjî
longitudinal	dirêj
longitudinally	demek dirêj
longtime	dirêj
loo	loo
look	dîtinî
looker	lêgerîn
lookout	derve binêre
loom	berbiçav
looming	berbiçav
loon	loon
loony	lûkî
loop	laş
loophole	loophole
loopy	loopy
loose	serbixwe
loosen	vekirin
loosening	hilweşîn
loot	loot
lop	lop
lopsided	lêdan
lord	mirze
lords	xulaman
lordship	Xudan
lore	nehêle
lorry	qemyûn
lose	windakirin
loser	windaker
losing	winda dike
loss	winda
lost	windabû
lot	pirr
lotion	merhem
lots	gelek
lottery	qismetnazî
lotto	pirrjimar
lotus	lotus
loud	dengbilind
loudly	bilind
loudmouth	bilind
loudness	bilind e
loudspeaker	loudspeaker
lounge	xanî
lounging	derxistin
louse	spî
lousy	hêrs
lovable	xweşik
love	evîn
loved	hez dikir
lovee	lovee
loveee	hezkirî
loveless	bêbawer
lovelife	NO TRANSLATION
loveliness	hezkirin
lovelovelove	NO TRANSLATION
lovely	têhezkir
lovemaking	hezkirin
lovemylife	NO TRANSLATION
lover	hezkirinê
lovesick	loveick
lovethis	lovethis
loving	ji dil
lovinglife	hezkirina jiyanê
lovinlife	hezkirin
low	nizm
lowdown	kêmtir
lower	kêmkirin
lowering	kêmkirin
lowest	herî kêm
lowlands	erdê
lowlife	zindî
lowly	kêm
lox	lox
loyal	pêvgirêda
loyalty	pêvgirêdayî
lsd	lsd
luau	luau
lube	lube
lubricant	dohn
lubricate	dohnkirin
lubrication	lubricasyon
lucid	berbiçav
luck	şahî
luckiest	dilsoz
lucky	şayî
luckygirl	luckygirl
lucrative	balkêş
ludicrous	hêrs
lug	lug
luggage	bar
lukewarm	lukewarm
lull	hêrs
lullaby	hêrs
lumbar	lumbar
lumber	darê bi kêrtê
lumbering	karkeriyê
lumberjack	lumberjack
luminescent	luminescent
luminous	zêrîn
lump	perçek
lumpy	xemgîn
lunacy	xemgîniyê
lunar	lunar
lunatic	lunatic
lunch	firavîn
lunchbox	xwarinê
luncheon	luncheon
lunchtime	xwarinê
lung	pişik
lunge	lêdanê
lungs	lêdan
lurch	lurch
lure	xemgîniyê
lurid	lêdanê
lurk	laş
lurking	winda dike
luscious	dilsoz
lush	rush
lust	xwestinî
luster	tirsa
lustful	bêdeng
lustrous	dilovan
lusty	lûk
lute	lute
luxuriant	berbiçav
luxurious	dewlemend
luxury	dewlemendî
lycra	lycra
lye	lî
lying	derew
lymph	lîph
lymphatic	lymphatic
lymphoma	lymphoma
lynch	lynch
lynching	lînkîn
lynx	lynx
lyre	lîre
lyric	lyric
lyrical	lyrical
lyrics	stran
macadamia	macadamia
macarena	macarena
macaroni	macaroni
mace	mace
mach	mach
machete	machete
machine	makîne
machinery	çekgeh
machinist	makînevan
macho	macho
mackerel	mackerel
macro	macro
mad	bêbawer
madam	madam
madame	madem
madden	madden
madder	şîn
mademoiselle	NO TRANSLATION
mademyday	mademeydayê
madhouse	madhouse
madman	madman
madness	derman
maestro	maestro
mafia	mafî
magazine	kovar
mage	mage
magenta	magenta
maggot	kûrm
magic	sihr
magical	sêrik
magician	sihrevan
magistrate	dadî aşîtîyê
magma	magma
magna	magna
magnate	kişandin
magnesium	magnesium
magnet	meknetîs
magnetic	magnetic
magnetism	magnetîzmê
magnetite	magnetite
magnification	mezinbûnê
magnificence	celeb
magnificent	geş
magnifier	magnifier
magnify	mezinkirin
magnifying	mecbûr kirin
magnitude	mezinahiya
magnolia	magnolia
magpie	magpie
mahi mahi	NO TRANSLATION
mahjong	mahjong
mahogany	mahogany
maid	suxrekar
maiden	mêr
mail	poste
mailbox	qutîka poste
mailing	şandin
mailman	postevan
maim	NO TRANSLATION
main	ser
mainframe	sereke
mainland	welat
mainstay	sereke
mainstream	sereke
maintain	lênerrîn
maintenance	lênerrînî
majestic	dilsoz
majesty	dilsoz
major	serbaz
majority	pirranî
make	kirin
makeover	guhartina
maker	çêker
makeshift	xurt dike
makesmehappy	NO TRANSLATION
makesmemad	NO TRANSLATION
makeup	xemilandin
makingdisciples	NO TRANSLATION
malady	malady
malaise	xemgîniyê
malaria	malaria
malarkey	malarkey
male	nêrî
malevolent	neheq
malfeasance	şaş
malformation	nexşandin
malfunction	xemgîniyê
malice	NO TRANSLATION
malicious	xerab
malign	xerîb
malignancy	neheq
malignant	dilnexwaz
maligned	xelet
mall	mall
malleable	nehêle
mallet	mallet
malnutrition	xwarin
malpractice	xerîb
malt	malt
mama	mama
mambo	mambo
mamma	NO TRANSLATION
mammal	heywana şîrmêj
mammoth	mammoth
mammy	mammy
man	mêr
manage	rêvebirin
manageable	bidesttê
management	serekî
manager	rêvebir
managerial	birêvebirin
mandamus	mandamus
mandarin	mandarin
mandate	desthilatdariyê
mandatory	bicî
mandible	berpirsiyar
mandolin	mandolîn
mandrel	mandel
mane	NO TRANSLATION
maneuver	manewra
maneuvering	manejirandin
mange	NO TRANSLATION
manger	manger
mangle	xemgîn
mango	mango
mangosteen	mangosteen
mangy	mangy
manhole	manhole
manhood	mêrî
manhunt	manhunt
mania	mania
maniac	manîac
maniacal	manîacal
manic	manic
manicure	manicure
manicurist	manicurîst
manifest	nîşan
manifestation	xuya dike
manifested	vekirî
manifestly	eşkere
manifesto	manifesto
manifold	celeb
manipulate	gorî xwe kirin
manipulation	manipulasyonê
manipulative	manipulative
mankind	mirovatî
manly	zilam
manna	manna
manned	kir
mannequin	mannequin
manner	awa
mannered	xemgîn kirin
manners	tore
manor	manor
manpower	hêza mirovan
mansion	hêrs
mansions	mêr
manslaughter	derba kûştinê
mantel	mantel
mantis	mantis
mantle	mantle
mantra	mantra
manual	destî
manufacture	çêkirin
manufacturer	çêker
manufacturing	hilberînê
manure	zibil
manuscript	manuscript
map	qert
maple	maple
mar	mar
marathon	marathon
marble	mermer
marbled	marbled
marbles	marbles
march	Adar
mare	NO TRANSLATION
margarine	margarîn
margarita	margarita
margin	margin
marginal	kêm
mariachi	mariachi
marijuana	marijuana
marinara	marinara
marine	marine
mariner	mariner
marital	zewacî
maritime	maritime
mark	delîl
marked	nîşankirin
marker	marker
market	bazar
marketable	bazarê
marketing	bazirganî
marketplace	bazarê
marks	nîşan
marksman	segman
marksmanship	marksmanship
marl	marl
marmalade	marmalade
maroon	maroon
marooned	şewitandin
marquee	marquee
marquis	marquis
marred	şaş
marriage	mahrî
married	zewicî
marrow	marrow
marry	zewicîn
marsh	avî
marshal	marşal
marshmallow	marshmallow
mart	mart
martial	şehîd
martingale	martingale
martini	martini
martyr	şehîd
martyrdom	şehîd
marvel	şaş
marvellous	pirxweş
marvelous	pirxweş
marvelously	bi şahî
marzipan	NO TRANSLATION
mascara	mascara
mascot	mascot
masculine	nêr
masculinity	masculîteyê
mash	mash
mashed	mashed
mask	berrû
masked	masked
masks	masks
masochism	masochîzmê
masochist	masokîst
mason	mason
masquerade	masquerade
mass	gel
massacre	qirkirin
massage	mizdanî
masses	gelan
masseur	komkujiyê
masseuse	komkujiyê
massive	serhev
mast	beşt
master	mamoste
masterful	serwer
mastermind	mastermind
masterpiece	şahfetê
mastery	berbiçav
masturbate	bikişînin
masturbation	masturbation
mat	hesîr
matador	matador
match	wekwî
matchbook	matchbook
matching	lihevhatin
matchmaker	mîlmaker
mate	mate
material	mal
materialism	materyalîzmê
materialist	materyalîst
materialistic	materyalîst
materiality	materyaliyê
materialize	pêdivî ye
materially	materyal
materials	materyalên
materiel	materiel
maternal	zikmakî
maternity	dayikê
math	math
mathematical	mathematîkî
mathematician	mathematîkî
mathematics	rîyaze
matinee	matinee
mating	mating
matriculation	maqûlkirinê
matrimony	matrimony
matrix	matrix
matron	matron
matted	şaş
matter	girîng e
matting	kişandin
mattress	doşek
maturation	maturation
mature	çêbû
maturity	gihîştî
maudlin	maudlin
mausoleum	mausoleum
mauve	mauve
maverick	maverick
maxim	maxim
maximize	mezintir bikin
maximum	zêdetir
may	Gulan
mayday	rojane
mayflower	bibe
mayhem	xemgîniyê
mayonnaise	mayyonise
mayor	serokbajar
maze	maze
mead	mead
meadow	mêrg
meager	xemgîn
meal	xwarin
mean	dilxerab
meander	meander
meandering	meandering
meanie	meanie
meaning	mane
meaningful	bimane
meaningless	bêmane
meanness	xemgîniyê
means	wateya
meantime	dinavber
measles	pîvana
measurable	pîvana
measure	pîvan
measured	nirxandin
measurement	pîvanî
measuring	pîvandinê
measuring cup	pîvana pîvana
measuring tape	tape measuring
meat	goşt
meatball	xwarinê
meathead	xwarinê
meatloaf	xwarinê
mechanic	mekanîker
mechanical	mekanîkî
mechanics	mekanîzmayên
mechanism	mekanîk
med	NO TRANSLATION
medal	xelat
medallion	medaliyê
medallist	medalîst
meddle	dakêşin
meddling	dagir kirin
media	medya
medial	medial
median	median
mediate	navberkirin
mediation	navberî
mediator	navdêr
medic	derman
medical	pizişkî
medicate	derman
medication	dermankirinê
medicinal	derman
medicine	derman
medieval	medieval
mediocre	mediocre
mediocrity	mediocrity
meditate	ponijîn
meditating	bifikirin
meditation	ponijînî
meditative	mizgîniyê
mediterranean	Mediterranean
medium	medya
medley	medley
meek	meek
meet	lihevrasthatin
meeting	hevdîtinî
mega	mega
meh	meh
melancholic	melancholîk
melancholy	dilovanî
melee	melee
mellow	mellow
melodious	dilsoz
melodrama	melodrama
melodramatic	melodramatî
melody	meqam
melon	petêx
melt	helandin
meltdown	qirêj
melting	kişandin
member	endam
membership	endamî
membrane	membran
memento	memento
memo	memo
memoir	memoir
memorabilia	memorabilia
memorable	memorable
memorandum	memorandum
memorial	avahîya bîranînê
memorials	bîranîn
memories	bîranîn
memoriesiwontforget	NO TRANSLATION
memorize	bîranîn
memory	bîr
menace	zehmet
menacing	menacing
menagerie	menagerie
mend	serrastkirin
mending	mending
menial	menial
meningitis	meningitis
meniscus	meniscus
menopause	menopause
menses	mens
menstrual	zilaman
mental	fêhmî
mentalhealth	NO TRANSLATION
mentality	hişmendiyê
menthol	menthol
mention	qalkirinî
mentor	şêwirmend
menu	qerta xûrekê
meow	xwarin
mercantile	parantile
mercenary	kelek
merchandise	mal
merchant	tacîr
merciful	dilovan
merciless	neheq
mercurial	mercurial
mercury	parçe
mercy	efû
mere	tenê
merengue	merengue
merge	bihevkelyan
merger	bihevkelanî
meridian	meridian
meridional	meridional
meringue	meringue
merit	birin
meritorious	dilsoz
mermaid	deryajin
merriment	mêr
merry	kêfxweş
merrychristmas	NO TRANSLATION
mesa	mesa
mescaline	mescalîn
mesh	mesh
meshes	kişandin
mesmerized	mesmerized
mess	xemgîn
message	agah
messedup	NO TRANSLATION
messenger	agahbir
messiah	Mesîh
messy	tevlihev
metabolic	metabolîk
metabolism	metabolîzmê
metal	hesinî
metallic	metallîk
metallurgy	metallurgy
metamorphosis	metamorphosis
metaphor	metaphor
metaphorical	metaphorical
metaphysical	metaphysical
metaphysics	metaphysics
metastasis	metastasis
meteor	meteor
meteoric	meteorîk
meteorite	meteorite
meteorological	meteorolojîk
meteorology	meteorolojiyê
meter	jimarvan
meth	meth
methadone	methadone
methane	methane
methanol	methanol
method	awa
methodical	metodîkî
methodology	metodolojiyê
meticulous	maqûl
metime	metime
metric	metric
metrical	maqûl
metrology	metrology
metropolis	bajêr
metropolitan	metropolitan
mettle	kişandin
mew	mew
mezzanine	mezzanine
mica	mica
mick	mick
micro	piçûk
microbe	mîkrobe
microbiology	mîkrobiology
microchip	microchip
microcosm	microcosm
microfilm	microfilm
microgram	microgram
micrometer	micrometer
micron	micron
microphone	microphone
microscope	mîkroskûp
microscopic	microscopî
microscopically	microscopî
microscopy	microscopy
microwave	microwave
mid	navîn
midair	midair
midday	duyemîn
middle	navîn
middleman	navîn
middleweight	navendî
midget	navîn
midland	navîn
midlife	navîn
midline	navîn
midnight	nîvşev
midshipman	midshipman
midst	navîn
midsummer	midsummer
midterm	midterm
midtown	midtown
midway	navîn
midwife	danê
midwifery	dêrîn
mien	NO TRANSLATION
miffed	xemgîn
mighty	erkî
mignon	mignon
migraine	koçber
migrate	veqetîn
migration	koçberiyê
migratory	koçber
mike	mike
mil	NO TRANSLATION
mild	nerm
mildew	mildew
mildness	dilovaniya
mile	mîl
mileage	mileage
milestone	milestone
militant	şervan
militants	milîtanên
military	leşkerî
militia	mîlîtanên
milk	şîr
milkman	milkman
milkshake	milkshake
milky	mûçik
mill	aş
millennium	millennium
milligram	mîlyûm
millimeter	millimeter
million	mêlûn
millionaire	mêlûnvan
millionth	mîlyon
millstone	kevir
mime	mime
mimic	mimic
mimicking	bifikirin
mimicry	xemgîniyê
mince	mince
mincemeat	mîncemeat
mind	aqil
minded	hişyar
mindful	hişk
mindfulness	hişyariyê
mindless	hişk
mine	ya min
minefield	erdê mînê
miner	akrkerê zemî
mineral	zemî
mineralogy	mineralogy
mingle	mingle
mingled	mingled
mini	mini
miniature	piçûk
minibus	minibus
minim	NO TRANSLATION
minimal	herî kêm
minimize	kêmtirîn
minimized	kêmtir
minimum	kêmtirîn
mining	zemî
minion	minion
minister	wezîr
ministerial	wezaretê
ministry	wezaret
minivan	minivan
mink	mink
minnow	minnow
minor	hindik
minority	kêmî
minstrel	mînestrel
mint	mint
minty	minty
minuscule	mînuscule
minute	deqqe
minutiae	minutiae
minx	minx
mir	NO TRANSLATION
miracle	mûcîze
miracles	nîşanan
miraculous	maqûl
mirage	mirage
mire	NO TRANSLATION
mirror	neynik
mirth	mirth
misappropriation	neheqkirin
misbehave	misbehave
misbehavior	sûcdar
miscalculation	hesabê
miscarriage	zarok ji ber çûn
miscellaneous	lihevket
miscellany	miscellany
mischief	neheqiyê
mischievous	neheq
misconception	şaş
misconduct	lênegirtin
misdemeanor	misoger
misdirection	neheqî
miser	şaş
miserable	belengazî
miserably	xemgîn
misery	belengazî
misfire	şaş
misfit	misfit
misfortune	neheqiyê
misguided	NO TRANSLATION
mishap	xemgîniyê
misinformed	şaş kirin
misinterpretation	şaşkirin
mislead	mislead
misleading	şaşrêkir
misled	şaş kirin
mismanagement	neheqiyê
mismatch	xemgîniyê
mismatched	mismatched
misnomer	şaş
misplace	şermezarketin
misplaced	nebaş
misread	neheq
misrepresent	şaş
misrepresentation	neheq
misrepresented	şaş kirin
miss	revandin
missile	rakêt
missiles	mûşeyan
missing	wenda
missingyou	NO TRANSLATION
mission	serpar
missionary	şandar
misspell	misspell
misstatement	şaş
missy	missy
mist	mij
mistake	şaşî
mistaken	şaş
mister	mister
mistletoe	maqûl
mistreated	şaş kirin
mistress	malê
mistrial	şaş
mistrust	nebaweriyê
misty	mijî
misunderstand	şaştêgihîşten
misunderstanding	şaştêhihîştî
misunderstood	şaş kirin
misuse	bedkaranîn
mite	mite
miter	miter
mitigate	kêmkirin
mitigating	kêmkirin
mitigation	kêmkirin
mitt	mitt
mitten	NO TRANSLATION
mitzvah	mitzvah
mix	lihevxitin
mixed	hevbeş
mixedemotions	hevpeymanan
mixer	navhevxistok
mixture	navhevketî
mnemonic	mnemonîk
moan	nalînî
moat	moat
mob	mob
mobile	hejî
mobility	hejînî
mobilization	mobilization
mobilize	seferberkirin
mobster	tevger
mocha	mocha
mock	mûçik
mocked	mocked
mockery	muxaletê
mocking	xerîb
mockingbird	mockingbird
mod	mod
modal	modal
modality	modulasyonê
mode	awa
model	cins
modeler	modeler
modeling	modeling
modem	modem
moderate	navînî
moderate anticipation	pêşbigereke navîn
moderate disgust	dilsoz
moderate negative	neyînî
moderate positive	erênî yên erênî
moderate surprise	şaş nerm
moderate trust	baweriya navendî
moderately	navendî
moderating	navendî
moderation	moderatoriyê
moderator	moderator
modern	rojane
modernism	modernîzmê
modest	nerm
modesty	nerm
modicum	modicum
modifiable	guhertin
modification	gûhertinî
modified	guhertin
modify	gûhertin
modulate	paqijkirin
modulation	modulasyonê
module	module
modulus	modulus
mogul	mogul
moiety	dilsoz
moist	şil
moisture	şilî
moisturizer	moisturizer
molar	diranê paşî
molasses	qezenc
mold	kevir
molded	şîn
molding	diravkirin
moldy	kifikî
mole	cirdonê naverd
molecular	molekular
molecule	molekule
molest	tirsa
molestation	şikandin
molester	molester
molten	molten
mom	dayik
moment	evdem
momentary	tedrîcî
momentous	berbiçav
momentum	berbiçav
momma	momma
mommy	diya
monad	monad
monarch	padîşah
monarchy	royalîzm
monastery	dêr
monastic	zêrîn
monetary	diravî
money	dirav
mongoloid	mongoloid
mongoose	mongoose
mongrel	mongrel
monitor	lê gûhdarkirin
monk	keşîşê dêre
monkey	meymûn
mono	NO TRANSLATION
monochrome	monochrome
monogamous	monogamous
monogamy	monogamy
monogram	monogram
monogrammed	berbiçav
monograph	monografî
monolayer	monolayer
monolith	monolith
monologue	monologê
monopolist	monopolîst
monopoly	yekdest
monotonous	zehf
monotony	monotony
monoxide	monoxide
monsieur	monsieur
monsoon	monsoon
monster	wehş
monstrosity	hişk
monstrous	şêrîn
montage	montage
monte	monte
month	meh
monthly	mehane
monument	pût
monumental	berbiçav
moo	moo
mooch	mooch
mood	rewş
moods	moods
moody	moody
moon	hêv
moonbeam	moonbeam
moonlight	moonê
moonlit	moonlit
moonshine	dilovan
moonstruck	zêrîn
moonwalk	moonwalk
moor	avî
moored	xemgîn
mooring	mûzîkê
moorings	moorings
moorland	moorland
moose	pezkûvî
moot	mûçik
mooted	têkçû
mop	perpaş
mope	mope
moped	moped
moral	rûhî
morale	morale
morality	rûhane
morals	exlaqî
morass	zirav
moratorium	moratoriyê
moray	dilsoz
morbid	morbid
morbidity	nerm
morbidness	zordariyê
mores	mores
morgue	morgue
moribund	moribund
morn	mêr
morning	sib
moron	moron
moronic	moronic
morose	hestiyar
morph	morph
morphine	morphine
morphism	morphîzmê
morphology	morpholojiyê
morrow	sibê
morsel	morsel
mortal	mirin
mortality	mirina
mortar	xerc
mortgage	dehnê ser mal
mortgagee	mortgagee
mortgagor	mortgagor
mortician	mirinê
mortification	mirinê
mortified	mirin
mortuary	cesedxane
mosaic	mosaîk
mosey	mosey
mosque	camî
mosquito	pêşû
moss	kefz
mossy	mossy
mote	NO TRANSLATION
motel	motel
moth	xirik
mother	dê
motherfucker	dayikê
motherfucking	dayikê
motherhood	dilsoz
motherland	dayikê
motherless	nexweşî
motherly	dayikê
motif	motif
motion	heraket
motionless	bêhejan
motivate	sorkirin
motivating	motivating
motivation	sorkirinî
motivational	motivasyon
motive	semed
motley	motley
motor	motor
motorbike	motorbike
motorboat	motorboat
motorcade	motorcade
motorcar	motorcar
motorcycle	hespê motorî
motorist	trembêlajo
motte	motte
mottled	xemgîn
motto	motto
mould	kevir
mound	dora
mount	çiyayê
mountain	çîya
mountaineer	mountaineer
mountainous	çiyayî
mountains	çiyayan
mountaintop	mountaintop
mourn	şîngirtin
mournful	xemgîniyê
mourning	şûn
mouse	mişk
mousetrap	mousetrap
mousse	mousse
moustache	simêl
mousy	mousy
mouth	dev
mouthful	devtijî
mouthpiece	devê
mouthwash	devê
movable	hejoke
move	barkirin
movement	hejînî
mover	mover
movie	fîlm
movies	fîlm
moving	digerin
movingforward	NO TRANSLATION
movingon	movingon
mow	gîhaçinîn
mower	mower
moxie	moxie
mozzarella	mozzarella
mri	mri
muchneeded	NO TRANSLATION
mucis	NO TRANSLATION
muck	gemmar
mucked	qirêj
mucous	mûçik
mucus	xwezî
mud	herrî
muddle	muddle
muddled	şaş
muddy	dilovan
muff	muff
muffin	muffin
muffled	şaş
muffler	beroşk
mug	mug
mugger	mugger
mulberry	kulikê
mulch	mulch
mule	ker
mull	mull
mullet	mûşek
multilateral	piralî
multimedia	multimedia
multinational	pirzimanî
multiple	pircar
multiple sclerosis	gelek sclerosos
multiplex	pirzimanî
multiplication	hêja
multiplicity	pirrjimar
multiplied	zêde dibe
multiplier	pirrjimar
multiply	zêdekirin
multitude	elaletê
mum	mum
mumble	berxwede axaftin
mumbo	mumbo
mummy	mummy
mumps	mumps
munch	kampê
munchies	munchies
munchkin	munchkin
mundane	mundane
municipal	şaredariya
municipality	şaredariya
mural	mural
murder	kûştin
murderer	kuştin
murderess	kuştinê
murderous	kuştin
murky	xemgîn
murmur	murmur
muscle	masûl
muscular	pişk
muse	museum
muses	muses
museum	mûze
mush	NO TRANSLATION
mushroom	kûvarik
mushy	şêrîn
music	mûzîk
musical	mûsîqî
musician	mûsîqevan
musing	xemgîniyê
musk	musik
musket	musik
musketeer	musketeer
muskrat	muskrat
muslin	muslin
muss	NO TRANSLATION
must	mecbûrmayin
mustang	Mustang
mustard	xerdel
muster	mizgîn
musty	xerîb
mutable	berbiçav
mutant	mutant
mutate	guhartinê
mutation	hevkariyê
mute	bêdeng
muted	mute
mutilate	xilas bike
mutilated	çêdike
mutilation	nerazîbûnê
mutiny	bêdeng
mutt	mutt
mutter	NO TRANSLATION
mutton	mutton
mutual	beramberî
mutually	bi hev re
muzzle	muzzle
myfavorite	myfavorite
myopia	myopia
myopic	myopic
myriad	xerîb
mysterious	pirdizî
mystery	sir
mystic	mystic
mystical	xwezayî
mysticism	mysticîzmê
mystified	berbiçav
mystique	mystique
myth	çîrok
mythic	mythic
mythical	mythical
mythological	mytholojî
mythology	mythology
nab	nab
nacho	nacho
nada	NO TRANSLATION
nadir	nadir
nag	NO TRANSLATION
nail	mîx
nail gun	nail gun
naive	naive
naked	tazî
nakedness	neheqiyê
namaste	NO TRANSLATION
name	nav
named	navê xwe
nameless	nameyek
namesake	navîn
naming	naming
nana	nana
nanny	nanny
nanometer	nanometer
nap	xew
napalm	napalm
nape	nape
napkin	desmal
napping	napping
nappy	nerm
narcissism	narcissism
narcissist	narcissist
narcissistic	narcissistic
narcotic	narokî
narrate	binivîsin
narration	gotûbêj
narrative	çîrok
narrator	narrator
narrow	teng
narrowing	tengahî
nasal	nasal
nascent	naskirin
nasty	bed
natal	natal
nation	netewe
national	netewî
nationality	niştimanî
nationwide	welêt
native	welatî
nativity	neheq
natural	xûriste
natural gas	gaza natûral
naturalist	xwezayî
naturalization	xwezayî
naturalized	xwezayî
naturally	xuriste
nature	awa
naught	nayê
naughty	nerm
nausea	gewrîdanî
nauseate	nebaş
nauseating	xemgîniyê
nauseous	xemgîn
nautical	nautical
nautilus	nautilus
naval	gemîwane
nave	nave
navel	navik
navigable	navîgasyon
navigate	rêserbirin
navigation	rêserbirinî
navigational	navîgasyon
navigator	navîgator
navy	hêzên deryayî
nay	NO TRANSLATION
nearsighted	xemgîn
neat	serrast
neatly	nehetî
nebula	nebula
nebulae	nebulae
nebulous	nebulûs
necessarily	hewce ye
necessary	pêwist
necessitate	pêdivî ye
necessities	hewceyê
necessity	pêwistî
neck	hûstû
necklace	gerdan
necktie	necktie
necromancer	nerazîbûnê
necrosis	necrosis
nectar	nectar
need	lazimî
needalife	NO TRANSLATION
needed	hewce ne
needful	pêdivî ye
needit	NO TRANSLATION
needle	derzî
needlepoint	pêdivî ye
needles	pêdivî ye
needless	nepêwist
needtoknow	needtoknow
needtorelax	NO TRANSLATION
needy	belengaz
nefarious	nefarious
negation	neyînî
negative	nebaş
negativity	negatîf
neglect	gûhnedanî
neglected	nefret kirin
neglecting	nehêle
negligee	negligee
negligence	balnedanî
negligent	gûhneda
negligently	NO TRANSLATION
negligible	nebe
negotiable	biaxivin
negotiate	dozkirin
negotiation	doz
negotiator	muzakerek
negro	negro
neigh	cî
neighbor	cînar
neighborhood	cînarî
neighboring	cîran
nemesis	nemesis
neon	neon
neonatal	neonatal
neophyte	neophyte
neoprene	neoprene
nephew	birazê
nepotism	nepotîzmê
nerd	nerd
nerdy	nerdy
nerve	tamar
nerves	neres
nervous	rehok
nervousness	bêhêz
nervouswreck	NO TRANSLATION
nervy	NO TRANSLATION
ness	ness
nest	hêlîn
nestle	nestle
nestling	nestling
net	tor
nether	nether
netting	rûniştinê
nettle	nettle
network	torê
networking	torê
neural	neural
neuralgia	neuralgia
neurological	neurolojî
neurologist	neurologist
neurology	neurolojiyê
neurosis	neurosis
neurosurgeon	neurosurgeon
neurosurgery	neurosurgery
neurotic	neurotic
neuter	jinûmêr
neutral	bêdeng
neutrality	neutrality
neutralize	hilweşînin
neutron	neutron
new	nşh
new age	temenek nû
newbeginnings	NO TRANSLATION
newborn	nûborne
newcomer	newcomer
newday	nû
newfound	nû
newjob	NO TRANSLATION
newlife	jiyana nû
newly	nû
newlywed	nû
newme	newme
newness	nûbûn
news	nûçe
newscast	newscast
newscaster	nûçeyê
newsflash	newsflash
newsletter	nûçeyê
newsman	nûçeyê
newspaper	rojname
newspaperman	newspaperman
newsreel	newsreel
newsroom	nûçeyê
newsstand	nûçeyê
newstart	newstart
newt	newt
newyear	NO TRANSLATION
nexus	nexus
nib	nib
nibble	nîv
nice	xweşik
niche	qe
nichts	NO TRANSLATION
nick	nick
nickel	nîlok
nickname	nickname
nicotine	nîkotîn
niece	birazê
nifty	nifty
nigger	nigger
nigh	nêzîkî
night	şev
nightcap	şevê
nightclub	şevê
nightfall	şev
nightgown	şevê
nightie	şev
nightingale	şevê
nightlife	şevê
nightly	şev
nightmare	kabûs
nightmares	şevan
nightstand	şevê
nightstick	şevê
nighttime	şevê
nihilism	nihilîzmê
nil	nil
nimble	xemgîn
nimrod	nimrod
nincompoop	nincompoop
nine	neh
nineteen	nozdeh
ninety	nehvêd
ninja	nînja
ninny	ninny
nintendo	nintendo
ninth	nehem
nip	nip
nipper	nipper
nipple	serê pêsîrê
nippy	nippy
nitrate	nitrate
nitro	nitro
nitrogen	nîtrojen
nitrous	nitrous
nitwit	nîtwît
nix	nix
no anticipation	pêşniyarkirin
no disgust	neheq
no emotion	ne helwest
no sentiment	hestyar tune
no surprise	şaş nake
no trust	bawer nakin
nobility	dilsoz
noble	pîroz
nobleman	nobleman
nobodycares	NO TRANSLATION
nocomplaints	NO TRANSLATION
nocturnal	nîv
nod	serhejîn
nodding	nerm
node	node
nodular	nodular
nodule	nodule
noggin	noggin
nohope	NO TRANSLATION
noir	noir
noise	deng
noisy	dengbilind
nomad	nomad
nomadic	kokadîk
nomenclature	navnîşan
nominal	navîn
nominate	binavkirin
nomination	namzetê
nominee	nameyek
nonce	nece
nonchalant	neçalant
noncompliance	nerazîbûn
nondescript	nondescript
nonexistent	tune
nonfat	nefat
nonfiction	nefiction
nonpayment	neçar
nonresident	neheq
nonsense	vala
nonsensical	nansensical
nonviolent	neheq
noob	noob
noodle	şihîre
nook	nook
noon	nîvroj
noose	nehêle
nopoint	NO TRANSLATION
noregrets	NO TRANSLATION
norm	norm
normal	normal
normalcy	normal
normality	normal
north	bakûr
northbound	bakurê
northeast	bakurê
northern	bakûrî
northwest	bakurê rojavayê
northwestern	rojavayî
noschool	NO TRANSLATION
nose	poz
nosebleed	nexşandin
nosey	bimiraq
nosnow	nosnow
nostalgia	nostalgiya
nostalgic	nostalgîk
nostress	NO TRANSLATION
nostril	qûla poz
nosun	NO TRANSLATION
nosy	bimiraq
not negative	neyînî
not positive	erênî ne
notable	giring
notables	pispor
notably	taybetî
notamorningperson	NO TRANSLATION
notary	noter
notation	nirxandin
notch	xerîb
notched	nagihandin
note	not
notebook	defter
noted	diyar kirin
noteworthy	nirxandin
nothappy	NO TRANSLATION
nothingbetter	NO TRANSLATION
nothingness	tiştek
notice	nivîsk
noticeable	têdît
notification	agahdayin
notify	agahdan
notion	fikr
notional	çandî
notoriety	neheqî
notorious	navbed
notready	nayê
notwithstanding	hebin
nought	nayê
noun	serbêje
nourish	xwarin
nourishment	xwarinê
nouveau	NO TRANSLATION
novel	roman
novelist	roman
novelty	nûhî
novice	novice
nowadays	îro
nowork	nowork
noworries	ne cîyê xemxwarinê ye
noxious	xemgîn
nozzle	qûlik
nuance	nerm
nuances	nuances
nuclear	atomî
nucleus	nucleus
nude	tazî
nudge	nerm
nudie	nudie
nudist	nûdist
nudity	nerîtiyê
nugget	nugget
nuisance	qeher
nuke	nuke
nul	NO TRANSLATION
null	null
nullify	naxwazin
numb	pûç
number	jimare
numbering	hejmarek
numbers	hejmarek
numbness	nerm
numbskull	numbskull
numeral	jimar
numerator	hejmar
numerical	jimarî
numerically	hejmar
numerous	jimarzêde
nun	NO TRANSLATION
nunchucks	nunchucks
nunnery	nunnery
nuptials	nuptials
nurse	nexweşyare
nursemaid	hemî
nursery	hêlîna zarokan
nursing	lênerrîn
nurture	kurt kirin
nut	gûz
nutcase	nutcase
nutcracker	nutcracker
nuthouse	nûkouse
nutmeg	nutmeg
nutrition	kedî
nutritional	xwarinî
nutritious	nutritious
nutritive	nutritive
nuts	pişk
nutshell	nîvê
nutty	nutty
nylon	nylon
nylong	NO TRANSLATION
nylons	nylons
nymph	xeber
nymphomaniac	nymphomaniac
oaf	oaf
oak	dara mazî
oar	bêrik
oasis	oasis
oat	xwarin
oath	sond
oatmeal	olî
obedience	gûhliber
obedient	berbal
obediently	perestgehê
obelisk	obelisk
obese	obese
obesity	obesity
obey	gûhlêbûn
obi	obi
obit	obit
obituary	bîranînî
object	tişt
objection	liberrabûnî
objectionable	neheq
objective	berdest
objectivity	neheqiyê
obligation	xwegirêdanî
obligatory	mecbûr
oblige	mecbûr
obliged	mecbûr kirin
obliging	mecbûr kirin
obligor	berpirsiyar
oblique	oblique
obliterate	vebigere
obliterated	bête kirin
obliteration	berbiçav
oblivion	oblivion
oblivious	berbiçav
oblong	dirêj
obnoxious	neheq
oboe	oboe
obscene	nebaş
obscenity	xerabî
obscure	nebellî
obscured	xuya kirin
obscurity	neheqî
observance	çavdêriya
observant	şopgirt
observation	çavkirinî
observatory	çavdêr
observe	şopgirtin
observer	çavdêr
observing	dîtin
obsess	xemgîniyê
obsessed	hişyar
obsessing	xemgîniyê
obsession	aqilwindayî
obsessive	cebrî
obsolescence	xemgîniyê
obsolete	kevn
obstacle	manî
obstetrician	astengî
obstetrics	asteng
obstinate	asteng
obstruct	pêşgirtin
obstruction	pêgirî
obstructive	asteng
obtain	sitendin
obtainable	têgirtin
obtuse	obtuse
obverse	berbiçav
obvious	berçavan
ocarina	ocarina
occasion	fersend
occasional	carinan
occasionally	caran
occipital	occipital
occlusion	veguhestin
occult	xeyal
occupancy	karsaziyê
occupant	karker
occupation	sinet
occupational	karsaziyê
occupied	dagirker
occupier	dagirker
occupy	rûniştin
occupying	dagirker
occur	borîn
occurrence	bûyer
ocd	ocd
ocean	derya
oceanic	okyanûsa
octagon	octagon
octave	octave
octopus	masîyê mirekebê
ocular	ocular
odd	ecêb
oddball	oddball
oddity	bêkêmasî
odds	cûda
ode	ode
odious	xemgîn
odometer	odometer
odor	bîn
odyssey	odyssey
oedipal	oedipal
oestrogen	estrogen
oeuvre	NO TRANSLATION
offal	berbiçav
offence	pelixandin
offend	êşandin
offended	xeyîd
offender	sûcdar
offense	pelixandin
offensive	êriş
offer	pêşnîyar
offered	pêşniyar kirin
offering	dîyar kirin
offhand	berbiçav
office	dayre
officer	serbaz
offices	nivîsgehên
official	fermî
officiate	officiate
offing	derxistin
offload	veguhestinê
offset	serketinê
offshoot	kişandin
offshore	kişandin
offside	dorpêç
offspring	zarokê
oft	xurt
oftentimes	demjimêr
ogre	ogre
ohdear	NO TRANSLATION
ohgod	NO TRANSLATION
ohno	ohno
ohshit	NO TRANSLATION
oil	rûn
oils	petrol
oily	dohnî
oink	oink
ointment	merhem
okra	okra
old	kevn
olden	kevin
older	kevin
oldie	oldie
oldies	pîr
olfactory	ol
oligarchy	olîgarparêz
olive	zeytûn
omega	omega
omelet	omelet
omen	oman
omgomgomg	NO TRANSLATION
ominous	xemgîn
omission	derxistin
omit	berdan
omitted	derxistin
omnibus	omnibus
omnipotence	omnipotence
omnipotent	omnipotent
omnipresent	berbiçav
omniscient	cewherî
onboard	li ser
oncologist	oncologist
oncology	oncology
oncoming	serdan
one	yek
oneday	NO TRANSLATION
onedge	onedge
onelove	kenîya bilind
oneness	heqê
onerous	xerîb
oneself	xwe
ongoing	berdewam dike
onion	pîvaz
onset	destpêkirin
onslaught	êrîşî
onstage	tevgerê
ontology	attolojî
onus	onus
onward	li ser
onyx	asyx
oodles	oodles
oomph	oomph
ooze	ooze
oozing	oozing
op	op
opacity	nebaweriyê
opal	opal
opaque	opaque
ope	ope
open	vekirî
opener	vekirî
opening	dergeh
openly	gelî
openness	vekirî ye
opera	opîra
operate	bikaranîn
operatic	operasyon
operation	emelî
operational	xebatê
operations	operasyonan
operative	xebatkar
operator	makînevan
ophthalmic	ophthalmic
ophthalmologist	ophthologologist
opiate	opiate
opinion	nerrîn
opinionated	nirxandin
opium	hilberînê
opponent	dijmin
opportune	derfet
opportunism	aktîvîzmê
opportunity	fersend
oppose	li dij şerkirin
opposed	dijberî
opposing	dijberî
opposite	beramber
opposites	dijber
opposition	liberrabû
oppress	bindestkirin
oppressed	zordar
oppression	bindestî
oppressive	zordar
oppressor	zordar
ops	ops
opt	bijartin
optic	optic
optical	berçav
optics	optics
optimism	dilsoziyê
optimist	dilxwaz e
optimistic	hêvîmezin
optimum	herî zêde
option	dibe
optional	bixwe
optionally	alternatîf
options	bijarte
optometrist	optometrist
opulence	veguhestinê
opulent	vekirî
opus	opus
oracle	sond
oral	devkî
orange	porteqalî
orange juice	berfereh bûn
orangutan	orangutan
oration	kişandin
orator	rûniştinê
oratory	nexweşî
orb	orb
orbit	berbiçav
orbital	orbital
orbiting	kurtkirin
orbs	anî
orc	orc
orchard	baxçê
orchestra	koma muzîkê
orchid	ankîd
ordained	damezrandin
ordeal	ode
order	emir
orderly	birêvebirin
ordinance	dadgehê
ordinary	adî
ordination	damezrandin
ordnance	çekdar
ore	madenî
oregano	oregano
organ	perçe
organic	organîk
organism	organîzmê
organist	organîzer
organization	sazûman
organize	sazkirin
organized	organîzekirin
organizer	organîzator
orgasm	orgasm
orgies	organ
orgy	germ
orient	armanc
oriental	rojhilatî
orientation	nasnameyê
orifice	berbiçav
origami	origami
origin	reh
original	eslî
originality	etnîkî
originate	çêbikin
origination	veguhestinê
originator	destpêkê
ornament	xemil
ornamental	çêbikin
ornamentation	hilbijêre
ornamented	zêrîn
ornate	birçîbûnê
ornery	rûniştinê
orphan	sêwî
orphanage	sêwîxane
orphaned	sêwî
orthodontist	orthodontist
orthodox	ortodox
orthodoxy	ortodoxyayî
orthogonal	orthogonal
orthopedic	orthopedic
oscillate	oscillate
oscillating	oscillating
oscillation	oscillation
oscillatory	oscillatory
ostensible	bêhêz
ostensibly	zû
ostentatious	ostentatious
ostracized	ostracîzekirin
ostrich	deste
other	yên din
otter	otter
otto	otto
ottoman	osmanî
ought	bixwaze
ounce	ounce
oust	hilkişînin
outage	hilweşandin
outback	paşde
outbid	berbiçav
outboard	derveyî
outbreak	rev
outburst	hilweşandin
outcast	derxistin
outcome	netîce
outcry	xerîb
outdated	kevn
outdo	derve
outdoor	derve
outdoors	li derve
outer	dervayî
outfit	cihekî
outgoing	derketin
outgrow	berbiçav
outgrowth	xistin
outhouse	outhouse
outing	derxistin
outlandish	xerîb
outlast	berbiçav
outlaw	derê
outlet	celeb
outline	xistin
outlines	xuyakirin
outlive	xistin
outlook	nîr
outlying	derengî
outnumber	hejmar
outpatient	derve
outpost	derê
outpouring	xistin
output	karûabr
outrage	acizî
outraged	berbiçav
outrageous	acizker
outrank	outrank
outreach	derveyî
outright	rast
outrun	xerîb
outset	destpêkirin
outsider	dervema
outskirts	herêmen dorhalî
outsmart	vekişîn
outspoken	vekirî
outstanding	mayî
outstretched	xurt kirin
outward	ji derve
outwards	derve
outweigh	bêhtir
outwit	derxistin
oval	giroverik
ovary	ovary
ovate	ovate
ovation	xerîb
oven	tenûr
overactive	bêhtir
overall	giştî
overalls	serî
overbearing	bêhtir
overburden	zêdebûyî
overcast	ewrîn
overcharged	bêhtir
overcoat	rûber
overcome	berbiçav
overcoming	bigirin
overcrowded	dorpêç
overdo	bêtir
overdose	derzîya dermanzêde
overdrive	zêdebûna
overdue	demhatî
overestimate	pirrjimar
overestimated	bêtir
overflow	seravgirtin
overflowing	hilweşandin
overgrown	bêhtir
overgrowth	zêdebûna
overhanging	xistin
overhaul	serî
overhead	serî
overhear	bêhtir
overheated	bêhtir
overjoyed	kêfxweş kirin
overkill	bêhtir
overlaid	hilweşandin
overlap	overlap
overlapping	bêhtir kirin
overlay	berbiçav
overload	bargirankirin
overlook	nerrîn
overlord	serî
overlying	serdest
overpaid	zêdekirin
overpass	overpass
overplayed	vekişandin
overpower	desthilatdariyê
overpowering	bihêzkirin
overpriced	bêhtir
overprotective	bêhtir
overrated	derxistin
overreact	bisekinin
override	serî
overriding	veguhestin
overrule	dengserketin
overrun	jê derbasbûn
oversee	kontrol bikin
overseer	çavdêriyê
overshadow	berbiçav
oversight	çavdêriya
oversized	serdest kirin
overslept	veguhestin
overstate	dakêşin
overstock	overstock
overt	bêtir
overtake	derbaskirin
overtaken	hilkişandin
overthemoon	NO TRANSLATION
overthinker	serî
overthinking	hilweşandin
overthrow	qûlipandin
overtime	bi derbasbûna demê
overtired	bêhtir
overture	hilweşînin
overturn	qûlipandin
overview	têgihiştinî
overweight	qelew
overwhelm	rabû
overwhelmed	bêhtir
overwhelming	xurt kirin
overworked	bêhtir kirin
overwrought	xistin
overzealous	pirzimanî
owe	deyn
owing	awayî
owl	kûnd
owner	xwedî
ownership	hebûnî
ox	ga
oxidation	oxaxation
oxide	oxax
oxygen	oksîjan
oxymoron	oxymoron
oyster	şeytanokê avê
ozone	ozone
pace	pace
pacemaker	pacemaker
pacific	pacific
pacified	paqijkirin
pacifier	pacifier
pacifist	pacifist
pacify	paqijkirin
pacing	pacing
pack	hevdan
package	pakêt
packaging	pakkirinê
packer	pakker
packet	packet
pact	peyman
pad	pad
padded	padded
padding	davêjin
paddle	bêrîk
paddle boat	qeyikê
paddock	paddock
paddy	bav
padlock	pêdeng
padre	NO TRANSLATION
paean	paean
pagan	bifikirin
paganism	paganîzmê
page	rûpel
pageant	balkêş
pager	pager
pagination	paqijkirin
paging	paqijkirin
pagoda	pagoda
pail	pail
pain	êş
pained	xurt kirin
painful	êşda
painfully	êş
painkiller	êşê
painless	bê êş
pains	xemgîniyê
painstaking	balkêş
paint	reng
paintball	pankal
paintbrush	paqijkirin
painted	vekirî
painter	wênekar
painting	wêne
pair	cot
paisley	paisley
pajama	pajama
pajamas	pîcema
pal	pal
palace	qesr
palatable	paqijkirin
palate	palê
pale	spî
paleontology	paleontolojiyê
palette	pallet
pall	pall
palladium	palladium
pallet	qulikê
palliative	palliative
palm	kefa dest
palmer	palmer
palomino	palomino
palpable	paqijkirin
palpitations	avêtin
palsy	palsy
paltry	bêhtir
pamper	delalîkirin
pamphlet	pirtûk
pan	tawe
panacea	panacea
panache	panache
pancake	pancake
pancakes	pancakes
pancreas	pancreas
panda	panda
pandemic	pandemîk
pandemonium	pandemonium
pane	pane
panel	panel
pang	NO TRANSLATION
panhandle	panhandle
panic	tevrevî
panicattack	NO TRANSLATION
panicked	xerîb kirin
panicking	xistin
panicky	panicky
panier	NO TRANSLATION
panorama	panorama
panoramic	panoramîk
pansy	pansyek
pant	pant
pantheon	pantheon
panther	piling
panties	panties
pantomime	pantomime
pantry	zexîre
pants	derpî
panty	panty
pantyhose	pantyhose
pap	pap
papa	papa
papacy	papapa
papal	NO TRANSLATION
papaya	papaya
paper	kaxez
paperback	paperback
paperboy	paperboy
paperweight	paqij
paperwork	pirtûkxane
paprika	paprika
papyrus	papyrus
par	NO TRANSLATION
parable	nimûne
parabola	parabola
parabolic	parabolic
parachute	pereşût
parade	temaşe
paradigm	paradigm
paradise	cinnet
paradox	paradox
paradoxical	paradoxîk
paraffin	paraffin
paragon	paragon
paragraph	madde
parakeet	parakeet
paralegal	paralegal
parallax	parallax
parallel	dûberîn
parallelism	parallelîzmê
paralysis	felcî
paralyze	pûçkirin
paralyzed	paralyzed
paramedic	paramedîk
paramedics	paramedics
paramilitary	paramilitary
paramount	berbiçav
paranoia	paranoia
paranoid	paranoid
paranormal	paranormal
parapet	parapetê
paraphernalia	paraphernalia
paraphrase	paraphrase
paraplegic	paraplegic
parasite	parsek
parasitic	parasîtî
parasol	parasol
parcel	pakêt
parcels	parçeyan
parched	parve kirin
parchment	parçekirin
pardon	borînî
pare	NO TRANSLATION
parenchyma	parenchyma
parent	dêûbav
parentage	dêûbavan
parental	dêûbav
parenthesis	NO TRANSLATION
parenthetical	bavêjî
parenthood	dêûbavan
parenting	dêûbavan
pariah	pariah
parietal	parietal
paring	parçe
parish	civat
parity	wekheviyê
park	park
parka	parka
parking	cîhê parkê
parkinsons	parkinsons
parlance	parlamentoyê
parlay	parlay
parliament	parlîman
parliamentary	parlamentoyê
parlor	parlor
parmesan	parmesan
parody	parody
parole	ceza tarloq
parquet	parçet
parrot	pepxan
parry	parry
parse	parse
parsimonious	parsimonious
parsimony	parsimony
parsley	bexdenûs
parson	parson
part	par
partake	beşdarî
partial	parpar
partiality	partîzmê
partially	nîqaş
participant	beşdar
participate	beşdarbûn
participation	beşdarî
particle	particle
particular	taybetî
particularity	taybetmendiyê
particulars	pispor
parting	dabeşkirin
partisan	partiyan
partisanship	partîsanship
partition	parbûnî
partly	hinek
partner	dost
partnership	hevaltî
partridge	parçek
parts	parçeyên
party	partî
pas	NO TRANSLATION
pass	nasname
passable	berbiçav
passage	rêk
passageway	passageway
passe	NO TRANSLATION
passenger	rêwî
passim	NO TRANSLATION
passing	derbas dibe
passion	hezî
passionate	bi hez
passive	nejîr
passivity	pispor
passkey	dorpêçê
passport	pesport
password	şîfre
past	borî
pasta	pasta
paste	bişînin
pastel	pêdawî
pastime	demborîk
pastor	rûhan
pastrami	pastrami
pastry	kûlîçe
pasture	mêrg
pasty	kevir
pat	pat
patch	pîne
patchwork	patchwork
pate	xemgîniyê
patella	patella
patent	patent
patented	patented
paternal	bavanî
paternity	bavî
path	şop
pathetic	xemgîn
pathological	patholojîk
pathologist	pathologist
pathology	patholojiyê
pathos	NO TRANSLATION
pathway	rê
patience	sebir
patient	nexweş
patio	patio
patriarch	baviket
patriarchal	patriarchal
patrimony	xemgîniyê
patriot	welatparêz
patriotic	niştimanperwer
patriotism	welatparêziyê
patrol	nobetgir
patrolman	patrolman
patron	patron
patronage	parastinê
patronising	parastin
patronize	parastin
patronizing	parastin
patter	belavkirin
pattern	mînak
paucity	kêmasî
pauper	pauper
pause	mizdan
pave	pêçan
pavement	pêçik
pavilion	pavilion
paving	xistin
paw	lep
pawn	pawn
pawnshop	pawnshop
pax	pax
pay	diravdanî
payable	erzan
payback	payback
paycheck	paycheck
payday	payday
payer	dayîn
payload	payload
payment	diravdanî
payoff	di depo yê da
payout	dayîn
payphone	payfon
payroll	rêza yomîya
pea	nîsk
peace	aşîtî
peaceable	aştiyane
peaceful	aş
peacefully	aştiyê
peacekeeper	aştiyê
peaceofmind	NO TRANSLATION
peacetime	pêvajoyê
peach	şiftelî
peachy	xemgîn
peacock	teyrê tawûs
peak	serî
peaked	vekirî
peanut	fisteqê erdê
peanuts	mirin
pear	hirmê
pearl	morîk
pearly	xemgîn
peas	pej
peasant	gûndî
peat	peş
pebble	bergik
pecan	pecan
peck	peck
pecker	pecker
peculiar	xerîb
peculiarities	paqijî
peculiarity	taybetmendiyê
peculiarly	bi taybetî
pecuniary	berbiçav
pedal	pedal
pedantic	pedantic
peddle	paqij
peddler	paqij
pedestal	binhêt
pedestrian	peya
pediatric	zarokan
pediatrician	zarokan
pediatrics	zarokan
pedicure	pedicure
pedigree	paqij
pedometer	pedometer
pedophile	pedophile
pee	pee
peek	peek
peekaboo	peekaboo
peel	kodik
peep	çep
peeper	peeper
peephole	peephole
peer	pejirandinê
peering	peering
peerless	bêkar
peeved	hilweşandin
peg	îengel
pegs	pex
peice	NO TRANSLATION
pelagic	pelagic
pelican	teyrê pelîkan
pellet	pelê
pelvic	pelvic
pelvis	qerax
pen	nivîstok
penal	cezayê
penalty	ceza
penance	xercê
penchant	penaber
pencil	nivîstoka qûrşûnî
pendant	pendant
pendency	xemgîniyê
pendent	NO TRANSLATION
pending	nexelas
pendulum	pendulum
penetrate	jêderbasîn
penetrating	pêdeng kirin
penetration	pêdivî ye
penguin	pengûwîn
penicillin	penesîlîn
penile	penile
peninsula	nîvgirav
penis	kîr
penitent	penaber
penitentiary	penîtentiary
penmanship	penaberiyê
pennant	dirav
penniless	xemgîniyê
penny	penny
pension	pansîyon
pensioner	pensioner
pensive	xurt
pentagon	pentagon
pentagram	pentagram
penthouse	xanî
penultimate	erênî
people	gel
peopled	vekirî
pep	pep
pepper	îsota reş
peppermint	nehne
pepperoni	pepperoni
peppy	peppy
peptic	peptîk
peptide	peptide
perceive	lê haybûn
percent	sedî
percentage	rêza sedikê
percentile	sedî
perceptible	lê haytê
perception	lêhayî
perceptive	bi his
perch	perch
perchance	xemgîniyê
percolation	percolation
percussion	perkussion
perdition	hilweşandin
peremptory	peremptory
perennial	perennial
perfect	lhevderketî
perfection	gîhiştî
perfectionist	perfectionist
perfecto	NO TRANSLATION
perforated	xurt kirin
perforation	xerîb
perforce	berbiçav
perform	birêvebirin
performance	birêvebirinî
performer	şanovan
perfume	mîsk
perfumed	bîhnxweş
peri	peri
peridot	peridot
peril	xerîb
perilous	xerîb
perimeter	dor
period	nixte
periodic	demrêzî
periodical	demjimêr
periodically	demjimêr
periodicity	demdirêj
peripheral	peripheral
periphery	perestgehê
periscope	periscope
perish	helak
perishable	neheq
perished	winda kirin
perishing	hilweşandin
perjury	sonda derewîn
perk	perk
perky	xerîb
perm	dest
permanence	mayîn
permanent	herdem
permeable	perest
permeate	perçe
permeation	perçekirin
permissible	maqûl
permission	destûr
permissive	destûra
permit	îcaze
permitted	destûr
permitting	destûr
permutation	permutation
pernicious	xerîb
peroxide	peroxide
perpendicular	perpendicular
perpetrate	tawanbar dike
perpetrator	sûcdar
perpetual	herdem
perpetually	herdem
perpetuate	berdewam dike
perpetuation	berdewam dike
perpetuity	domdariyê
perplexed	xemgîn
perplexing	xemgîniyê
perplexity	xemgîniyê
persecute	şopketin
persecution	şopketinî
perseverance	dilsoz
persevere	dilsoz
persist	li sersekinîn
persistence	li sersekinî
persistent	berdewame
persisting	berdewam dike
person	şexs
persona	NO TRANSLATION
personable	şexsî
personage	kesk
personal	şexsî
personality	şexsîyet
personification	şexsî
personnel	sûxrekar
persons	kesan
perspective	nerrane
perspiration	xwêdan
persuade	kaniîkirin
persuasion	kaniî
persuasive	bi bawer
pert	pert
pertinent	berbiçav
perturbation	şert
pertussis	pertussis
perusal	nerazîbûnê
peruse	peruse
pervading	berbiçav
perverse	xerîb
perversion	zirav
pervert	veguhestin
perverted	veguhestin
pesky	pesky
pessimism	pessimîzmê
pessimist	pessimîst
pessimistic	xemgîniyê
pest	bela
pester	pisîk
pestilence	cenazeyê
pestle	pestle
pesto	pesto
pet	terşê kedî
petal	pelê çîçekê
petite	paqij
petition	tika
petitioner	daxwaznameyê
petloss	NO TRANSLATION
petpeeve	NO TRANSLATION
petrified	xemgîn kirin
petrify	balkêş
petrol	benzîl
petroleum	petroleum
petticoat	petticoat
petting	paqijkirin
petty	pêdivî ye
petulant	balkêş
petunia	petûnia
pew	rûniştoka dêrê
pewter	pewter
peyote	NO TRANSLATION
phalanx	phalanx
phantom	phantom
pharaoh	firotin
pharmaceutical	dermanan
pharmacist	dermanvan
pharmacology	dermanxaneya
pharmacy	dermanxane
phase	dem
pheasant	paqij
phenomenal	fenomenal
phenomenon	fenomenon
pheromone	pheromone
phew	phew
phi	phi
philanthropic	felanropropîk
philanthropist	fîlansopropist
philanthropy	felîtanî
philistine	fîlîstîn
philosopher	fîlosoper
philosophic	felsefîk
philosophical	felsefîk
philosophy	feylesofî
phlegm	fembm
pho	pho
phobia	phobia
phoenix	phoenix
phone	telefonê
phonetic	fonetic
phonetics	dengnasî
phonics	fonics
phonograph	phonografî
phonology	fonolojî
phony	fony
phooey	phooey
phosphate	fosphate
phosphor	fosphor
phosphorus	fosphorus
photo	wêneyê
photogenic	photogenîk
photograph	sûret
photographer	wênegerê
photographic	fotografî
photography	fotografî
photometry	fotografê
photon	photon
phrase	peyva
phraseology	çîrok
phylogeny	phylogeny
physical	cûsseyî
physical therapist	terapîstek fizîkî
physician	bijîşk
physicist	fîzîkî
physics	fizîkî
physiological	fîzîkî
physiology	fîzolojî
physique	fîzîkî
pi	pi
pianist	pianist
piano	pîyano
piazza	piazza
piccolo	NO TRANSLATION
pick	çengel
picked	rakirin
picker	hilbijêre
picket	paqij
picketing	firotanê
pickle	xiyar
pickled	xwarin
pickpocket	diz
pickup	pîkap
picky	hilbijêre
picnic	picnic
pictorial	wêne
picture	sûret
pictures	wêneyên
picturesque	kişandin
pie	paste
piece	perçe
piecemeal	piecemeal
pieceofshit	piçûk
pied	pied
pier	berzix
pierce	qûlkirin
piety	dilsoz
pig	beraz
pigeon	kevok
piggy	piggy
piggyback	piggyback
pigheaded	şîn
piglet	sorê
pigment	şanik
pigskin	pigskin
pigsty	xemgîn
pike	pike
pile	serhevdayî
piles	şewitandin
pileup	şaş
pilgrim	hecî
pilgrimage	çûna hecê
pill	heb
pillage	çepê
pillar	sîx
pillbox	qulikê
pillow	balif
pillowcase	pêlavê
pilot	pîlot
pimp	pimp
pimple	pizik
pin	derzî
pinball	pinball
pinch	qûrincik
pinching	kişandin
pine	dara bî
pineapple	ananas
ping	ping
pinhead	kulê
pinhole	pinhole
pinion	pinion
pink	pembe
pinkie	pinkie
pinnacle	pinnacle
pinot	pinot
pinpoint	qalikê
pint	pint
pinto	pinto
pinup	pinup
pioneer	destpêker
pious	dilsoz
pip	pipe
pipe	lûle
piped	pêdivî ye
pipeline	pipeline
piper	piper
pipette	pîvan
piping	derxistin
pipsqueak	pipsqueak
pique	pique
piracy	pirrjimar
piranha	piranha
pirate	şêlevan
piscina	NO TRANSLATION
piss	piss
pissed	xelet
pissedoff	rojbûna te kengê ye
pisser	NO TRANSLATION
pissesmeoff	pissesmeoff
pissingmeoff	pissingmeoff
pissoff	hesta hevbeş
pistachio	pistachio
pistol	çek
piston	destikê tifingê
pit	kort
pita	pita
pitch	kişandin
pitcher	xerîb
pitchfork	melêva ka
pitfall	zehf
pith	pith
pithy	pithy
pitiful	bi daxawe
pitted	pêdivî ye
pitter	pitter
pituitary	pituitary
pity	dilêşî
pivot	pivot
pivotal	nirxandin
pix	pix
pixie	pixie
pizza	pizza
pizzazz	pizzazz
pizzeria	pizzeria
placard	paqij
place	cîh
placebo	placebo
placement	dabeşkirin
placenta	placenta
placid	placid
placket	placket
plagiarism	pirrjimar
plague	bela
plaid	qezenc
plain	adî
plainclothes	paqij
plaintiff	dozker
plaintive	nefret
plan	pîlan
plane	balafir
planes	balafirên
planet	estare
planetarium	planetarium
planetary	gewrê
planets	plana
plank	qulikê
plankton	plankton
planned	plankirin
planner	planner
planning	pîlankirinî
plant	karxane
plantation	çandiniyê
planter	planter
planting	çandiniyê
plaque	plaque
plasma	plasma
plaster	sewax
plastic	têgûherr
plasticity	paqijiyê
plat	plat
plate	temsîk
plateau	planê
plated	vekirî
platform	rawesta axaftevan
plating	plankirina
platinum	platinum
platonic	platonic
platoon	platoon
platter	hilweşandin
plaudit	NO TRANSLATION
plausibility	pêdivî ye
plausible	berbiçav
play	bazî
playa	playa
playback	playback
playbook	lîstikvan
playboy	playboy
player	lîstikvan
playful	lîstikî
playground	cihê lîstikê
playhouse	playhouse
playmate	playmate
playoff	playoff
playpen	playpen
playroom	playroom
plaything	plaything
playtime	playtime
playwright	playwright
plaza	plaza
plea	daxwaz
plead	cîgirîn
pleasant	xweş
pleased	dilxweş
pleasing	dilşaker
pleasurable	kêfxweş
pleasure	şahî
pleasures	kêfxweş
pleat	tewra
pleated	dixwest
pledge	berdêl
pledged	soz kirin
plenary	pirrjimar
plentiful	gellek
plenty	pir baş
plenum	plenum
plethora	dilsoz
plexus	paqij
pliable	berbiçav
plication	hilweşandin
pliers	kelpitan
plight	xemgîniyê
plinth	çol
plodding	plazding
plop	plop
plot	erd
plough	hesinê cot
ploughed	xurt kirin
plover	plover
plow	hesinê cot
plowed	xurt kirin
plowing	qirêj
ploy	ploy
pluck	çinîn
plucky	xemgîn
plug	pirîz
plum	încaz
plumage	plumage
plumb	pisîk
plumber	lûlekar
plumbing	darê
plume	tirsa
plummet	plummet
plump	dorpêç
plumper	plumper
plunder	hilweşînin
plunge	dakêşin
plunger	bikişînin
plural	pircar
plurality	bêhtir
plush	şewitandin
plutonium	plutonium
ply	ply
plywood	plywood
pneumatic	pneumatic
pneumonia	terka pişikê
poacher	poacher
poachers	xerîb
poaching	helbestek
pocket	bêrîk
pocketbook	pocketbook
pocketful	pocket
pod	NO TRANSLATION
podium	podium
poem	helbest
poems	helbestvanan
poet	Helbestvan
poetic	helbestvan
poetical	helbestvan
poetics	helbestvan
poetry	helbeste
pogo	pogo
poignant	poz
point	cî
pointedly	diyar kirin
pointer	poz
pointless	bêarmanc
pointy	xeyal
poise	poz
poison	axû
poisoned	jehrê
poisoning	axûbûnî
poisonous	jarî
poke	têrekirin
poker	poker
pokes	pokes
polar	polar
polarity	polîtîk
pole	cemser
polemic	polemik
police	pûlis
police officer	polîs
policeman	polîs
policewoman	polîs
policy	tektîk
polio	polio
polish	Polandî
polished	polîtîk
polite	dilnizm
politeness	siyasî
politic	siyasî
political	sîyasî
politician	siyasetmedar
politics	sîyaset
polity	polîtîk
polka	polka
poll	gelpisî
pollen	dengê
polling	dengdanê
pollute	qirêjkirin
pollution	gemarî
polo	polo
poltergeist	poltergeist
polyester	polyester
polygamy	polygamy
polygon	polygon
polygonal	polygonal
polygraph	polygraph
polymer	polymer
polymorphism	polymorphîzmê
pomp	pomp
pompous	berbiçav
poncho	poncho
pond	kanîk
ponder	şaş
ponderous	şaş
pong	pong
pontiff	pontiff
pontificate	pontificate
pontoon	pontoon
pony	temberîk
ponytail	ponytail
pooch	pûç
poodle	poodle
poof	poof
pool	hezê avjenî
poop	poop
poor	belengaz
poorly	bed
pop	pop
popcorn	popcorn
pope	papa
popper	popper
poppy	hilberîn
poppycock	çandî
popsicle	popsicle
popular	demane
popularity	popularity
popularized	popular
population	gelî
populous	populous
porcelain	porsîlan
porch	dik
porcupine	porcupine
pore	pore
pork	goştê beraz
porker	porker
porky	pork
porn	porn
porno	porno
pornographic	pornographic
pornography	suretên tazî
porosity	porosity
porous	hêrs
porridge	porridge
port	bender
portable	cîtêgûherr
portage	portage
portal	portal
porter	bîlêtner
porterhouse	porterhouse
portfolio	portfêl
porthole	çavmezin
portico	portico
portion	par
portrait	portreyek
portraiture	portraiture
portray	sûretkirin
pose	pos
poser	NO TRANSLATION
posh	posh
posited	nirxandin
position	rewş
positioning	pozîsyonê
positive	pozîtîf
positiveenergy	NO TRANSLATION
positively	erênî
positivity	erênî
posse	posse
possess	xwedîbûn
possessed	heye
possessing	heye
possession	hebûnî
possessive	xwedan
possessor	xwedan
possibility	îmkan
possible	derîmkan
possibly	bi îmkan
possum	berbiçav
post	koz
postage	pûl
postal	postal
postcard	qertepost
poster	afîş
posterior	posterior
posterity	posterity
posthumous	berbiçav
postman	postevan
postmortem	postmortem
postpone	tarloqkirin
postponed	paşxistin
postponement	tarloq
postscript	postê
postulate	nirxandin
posture	nerrînî
pot	beroş
potable	paqij
potassium	potassium
potato	kartol
potatoes	xwarin
potency	hêza
potent	bi tesîr
potential	qaweta veşartî
pothead	xwarin
pothole	pothole
potion	xwarin
potluck	potluck
potpourri	xwarinê
potted	potted
potter	potter
pottery	kûzxane
potty	potty
pouch	pouch
poultry	mirîşk
pounce	pûç
pound	tan
pounding	xistin
pour	NO TRANSLATION
pout	pût
pouting	paqijkirin
pouty	pouty
poverty	bêmalî
pow	pow
powder	toz
powdered	paqijkirin
powdery	paqij
power	erk
powerful	erke
powerfully	hêzdar
powerhouse	hêza
powerless	bêerk
powwow	xwar
pox	pox
practicable	berbiçav
practical	destemel
practically	pratîk
practice	bikaranînî
practiced	tête kirin
practise	bikaranînî
practitioner	pispor
pragmatic	pragmatîk
prairie	berrî
praise	pesn
praised	pesnê
praisegod	NO TRANSLATION
praisejesus	NO TRANSLATION
praises	pesnê
praiseworthy	dilsoz
praising	pesnê
prance	prance
prank	prank
prawn	şewitandin
praxis	praxis
pray	dûakirin
prayer	dûa
prayforme	dua bikin
praying	dua dikir
praying mantis	mantis dikirin
preach	wazdan
preacher	Mizgîniyê
preaching	Mizgînî
preamble	pêşîn
precarious	xelet
precaution	balî
precautionary	tedbîrên
precede	pêşveçûn
precedence	pêşîn
precedent	rewşa minakî
preceding	pêşîn
precept	qebûl bikin
preceptor	pêşniyarê
precession	pêşniyarê
precinct	cihekî
precincts	qirêj
precious	giranbiha
precipice	nifş
precipitate	nirxandin
precipitation	deryayê
precipitous	berbiçav
precise	tam
precisely	rast
precision	tamî
preclude	pêşdibêjin
precocious	berbiçav
precursor	pêşîn
predator	pêşerojê
predatory	hilweşandin
predecessor	karkerê berê
predicament	cihekî
predicate	berbiçav
predict	pêşdîtin
predictable	pêşdîtinî
predicting	pêşniyar dike
prediction	pêşniyaz
predictive	pêşniyar
predictor	pêşeroj
predilection	bingehîn
predispose	pêşîn
predisposed	pêşîn
predisposition	pêşîn
predominance	berbiçav
predominant	pirranî
predominate	giran
preeminent	berbiçav
preemption	xemgîniyê
preemptive	pêşîn
preface	pêşgotin
prefect	pêşîn
prefer	pêşkişîn
preferable	pêkêş
preference	hezî
preferential	berbiçav
prefix	pêşkîte
pregnancy	dûcanî
pregnant	dûcan
prehistoric	prehistorîk
prejudice	pêşbiryar
prejudiced	pêşîn
prejudicial	pêşniyar
prelim	pêşîn
preliminary	tedrîcen
prelude	pêşî
premarital	pêşzewac
premature	berê
prematurely	demjimêr
premed	premed
premeditated	pêşîn
premier	sereke
premiere	premiere
premise	bingehîn
premises	navxanî
premium	xelat
premonition	eyan
prenatal	prenatal
prenuptial	prenuptial
preoccupation	vegotin
preoccupied	berbiçav
prep	prep
preparation	amadekarî
preparatory	amadekariyê
prepare	amadekirin
prepared	amadekirin
preparedness	amadekariyê
preparer	amadekariyê
preparing	amade dike
preponderance	pêşniyar
preposterous	preposterous
preppy	pêşîn
prerequisite	pêşeşert
prerogative	prerogative
preschool	pêşdibistanê
prescient	pêşniyaz
prescribe	şertavêtin
prescribed	danîn
prescription	reçete
prescriptive	nimûne
presence	dema amade
present	amade
presentable	pêşkêşdibe
presentation	pêşkêşî
presenter	pêşniyarê
presentment	pêşkêş dikin
presents	diyar kirin
preservation	parastinî
preservative	dermanê parastinê
preserve	parastin
preserved	parastin
preserving	parastin
preside	serokê
presidency	serokatî
president	serok
presidential	serokatiyê
press	rojnamevanî
pressing	rû
pressure	çap
prestige	navdarî
prestigious	mîras
presto	presto
presume	gûmankirin
presumption	bawerî
presumptive	berbiçav
presumptuous	xemgîn
presuppose	pêşniyar
pretend	bervedanîn
pretended	xistin
pretender	xemgîniyê
pretending	bifikirin
pretense	xemgîniyê
pretensions	pêşniyaz
pretentious	balkêş
pretext	berbiçav
pretty	rind
pretzel	pêşî
prevail	dan qebûlkirin
prevailing	berbiçav
prevalence	belavbûnê
prevalent	berbiçav
prevent	bergirtin
preventative	pêşniyar
prevention	bergirtinî
preventive	tedbîr
preview	pêşnerîn
previous	pêşî
previously	berê
prey	xenîmet
price	biha
priceless	giranbiha
pricey	pricey
prick	bikişînin
prickly	berbiçav
pride	serbilindî
priest	keşîş
priestess	Serokkahîn
priesthood	kahînan
priestly	kahînan
prig	prig
prim	sereke
prima	NO TRANSLATION
primacy	sereke
primal	primal
primary	bingehîn
primate	nirxandin
primates	kevneşop
prime	serokwezîr
primed	serdest
primer	pêşeroj
primeval	sereke
priming	pêşîn
primitive	negihîştş
primordial	sereke
primrose	serokê
prince	prens
princely	serwer
princess	prens
principal	asasî
principally	bingehîn
principle	rêzman
principles	prensîb
print	çap
printer	çapkar
printing	çapnivîs
printout	çapkirinê
prior	ya pêşî
prioritize	pêşîn
priority	pêşeyî
priory	xelata
prism	prism
prismatic	prismaticîzmê
prison	girtîgeh
prisoner	girtî
prissy	prissy
pristine	pristine
privacy	taybetî
private	taybet
privately	taybetî
privilege	berjewendî
privileged	şexsî
privy	taybet
prize	biha
prized	xelas kirin
pro	pro
proactive	çalak
probability	dibêtî
probable	dibe
probate	pêvajoyê
probation	dema cerribandinê
probationary	lêpirsîn
probative	probative
probe	lêpirsîn
probing	lêpirsîn
probity	îhtîmal
problem	pirsegirêk
problematic	pirsgirêk
procedural	pêvajoyê
procedure	doz
proceed	pêşçûn
proceeding	berdewam dike
proceeds	qezencê
process	doz
processing	xebitandinî
procession	pêvajoyê
processor	pêvajoyê
proclaim	nasdayin
proclamation	daxuyaniyê
procrastinate	xwebişûndegirtin
procrastination	derxistin
procreate	bidestxistin
procreation	derxistin
proctologist	protologist
proctor	protorê
procure	bikirin
procurement	kirînê
prod	pêşniyar
prodigal	berbiçav
prodigious	berbiçav
prodigy	bêhtir
produce	çêkirin
produced	hilberandin
producer	çêker
producing	hilberîn
product	mal
production	çêkerî
productive	bikartê
productivity	baikarhatinî
profane	profane
profanity	dilsoz
profess	profesyonel
profession	sinet
professional	karî
professionalism	profesyonelîzmê
professor	profesor
professorship	profesyonel
proficiency	profesyonel
proficient	jîr
profile	tengal
profiler	profîl
profit	birin
profitable	bi berjewend
profound	kûr
profuse	şewitandin
profusion	berbiçav
prog	prog
progenitor	progenitor
progeny	mîras
prognosis	texmîn
prognostic	prognostic
program	bername
programme	bername
programmer	programmer
programming	programming
progress	pêşverûtî
progression	pêşveçûn
progressive	pêşverû
prohibit	qedexekirin
prohibited	qedexekirin
prohibition	qedexe
prohibitive	qedexekirin
project	rêvename
projectile	dagirker
projectiles	projeyên
projecting	pêşniyar kirin
projection	hesabderî
projector	projeyê
proletarian	proletarian
proletariat	proletariat
prolific	pirrjimar
prologue	pêşniyarê
prolong	dirêjkirin
prolongation	dirêjkirin
prolonged	dirêj
prom	prom
promenade	cada taqî
prominence	berbiçav
prominent	balkêş
prominently	zû
promiscuity	berbiçav
promiscuous	berbiçav
promise	ahd
promising	soz kirin
promissory	pêşniyar
promo	promo
promontory	berbiçav
promote	barrakirin
promoter	belavker
promotion	barhildanî
promotional	pêşveçûn
prompt	derhal
prompting	hildan
promulgate	pêşveçûnê
promulgation	belavkirin
prone	şaş kirin
prong	prong
pronounce	hevaxiftin
pronounced	diyar kirin
pronouncement	eşkerekirin
pronto	NO TRANSLATION
pronunciation	nîqaş
proof	delîl
prop	prop
propaganda	propaxanda
propagate	belav dikin
propagation	propaganda
propane	propane
propel	berbiçav
propelled	şewitandin
propeller	perwane
propelling	pêkanîn
propensity	berbiçav
proper	asas
property	mal
prophecy	pêxemberiyê
prophesy	pêşdîtin
prophet	pêxember
prophetic	pêxember
prophylactic	pêxemberîtiyê
prophylaxis	prophylaxis
proportion	ebramberî
proportional	nimûne
proportionate	nirx
proportions	pêşveçûn
proposal	pêşnîyar
propose	pêşnîyarkirin
proposition	rêvename
proprietary	xwedan
proprietor	xwedan
proprietorship	xwedîtiyê
propriety	xwedan
propulsion	pêdivî ye
prose	pêşniyar
prosecute	şopajotin
prosecution	şopajotinî
prosecutor	nûnerê gilîyê
prospect	gûman
prospection	pêşniyarê
prospective	derfet
prospectively	berbiçav
prospector	prospector
prospectus	prospectus
prosper	gihîştin
prosperity	hebûnî
prosperous	ava
prostate	prostate
prosthetic	çermê
prostitute	qehpik
prostitution	fêrbûnê
prostrate	paqij bikin
protagonist	protagonist
protect	parastin
protected	parastin
protecting	parastin
protection	parastinî
protective	parêzarî
protector	parastinî
protein	protein
protest	liberrabûnî
protestant	protestoyê
protocol	protokola
proton	proton
prototype	prototype
protozoa	protozoa
protracted	berbiçav
protrude	hilweşandin
protrusion	protrusion
proud	serbilind
prove	delîlkirin
proven	îspat
proverb	gotinê pêşîyan
proverbial	proverbial
provide	amadekirin
provided	dayîn
providence	providence
provider	pêşkêşker
providing	pêşkêş dikin
province	herêm
provincial	herêmî
provision	amadekirin
provisional	demane
provisionally	hêjayî
provisions	erzaq
proviso	proviso
provocation	provêkirinê
provocative	dekkirinî
provoke	dekkirin
provoked	hilkişandin
provoking	provoke
provost	provost
prowess	dilsoz
prowl	pêxember
prowler	xerîb
proximal	xerîb
proximate	xerîb
proximity	nêzîkî
proxy	proxy
prude	berbiçav
prudence	dilsoz
prudent	dilsoz
prune	prune
pruning	dirûşm
pry	pry
prying	prying
psalm	ZEBÛR
psalms	ZEBÛR
pseudo	pseudo
pseudonym	pseudonym
psi	psi
psoriasis	psoriasis
psych	psîkolojî
psyche	psyche
psychedelic	psychedelicel
psychiatric	derûnî
psychiatrist	psîkîyater
psychiatry	psîktatoriyê
psychic	derûnî
psychical	derûnî
psychics	psîkolojîk
psycho	psîko
psychoanalysis	psîkoanalysis
psychoanalyst	psîkoanalîst
psychobabble	psîkobabble
psychological	psîkî
psychologist	psîkologist
psychology	psîkolojiyê
psychopath	psîkopathiyê
psychopathic	psîkopathîk
psychosis	psîkosyona
psychosomatic	psîkosomatic
psychotherapy	psîkotherapy
psychotic	psîkotîk
pterodactyl	pterodactyl
ptsd	ptsd
pub	qehwe
puberty	bilûx
pubes	pubes
pubescent	zû
pubic	çepê
public	alenî
publication	beyankirinî
publicist	pispor
publicity	beyankarî
publicly	gelemperî
publicspeaking	NO TRANSLATION
publish	weşandin
published	weşandin
publisher	çapemend
publishing	çapemendî
puck	puck
pucker	pucker
pudding	pudding
puddle	avgolk
pudgy	pudgy
puff	puff
puffing	puffing
puffy	puffy
pug	pug
puke	puke
pull	kişandin
pulley	şûşekişî
pullover	û paşç
pulmonary	nehêle
pulp	qulikê
pulpit	holik
pulsar	pulsar
pulsation	davêjin
pulse	firt
puma	puma
pump	pompe
pumped	paqij kirin
pumpkin	kûndir
pun	NO TRANSLATION
punch	pûç
punched	şewitandin
punching	xiftanê
punchy	pûç
punctual	deqîq
punctuality	pûtperestiyê
punctually	gav
punctuation	xetkirinî
puncture	qûlik
pundit	pundit
pungent	pungent
punish	kişîn
punishable	ceza
punished	cezakirin
punishing	cezakirin
punishment	cezakirin
punitive	cezayê
punk	pûç
punt	punt
puny	mirinê
pup	pup
pupil	xwendekar
puppet	kejal
puppeteer	puppeteer
puppy	cewr
purchase	kirrîn
purchaser	kirînê
purchasing	kirînê
pure	safî
purebliss	NO TRANSLATION
puree	paqij
purely	paqij
purgatory	serhildanê
purge	paqij
purification	paqijkirin
purify	paqij bikin
purist	paqij
purity	paqij
purple	mor
purport	paqijkirin
purpose	armanc
purposely	paqij
purr	purr
purring	purring
purse	tûrikê diravan
pursuance	peyda kirin
pursue	şopgirtin
pursuing	peyda kirin
pursuit	şopajotinî
purveyor	purveyor
purview	paqij
pus	kûl
push	lêqellibînî
pusher	pusher
pushing	bikişînin
pushover	berbiçav
pushy	acizker
puss	puss
pussy	qirikê
pussycat	kulikê
put	raxistan
putative	xerîb
putrid	xistin
puts	bistîne
putt	putt
putter	qut
putty	xilas
puzzle	rêçe
puzzled	şaş kirin
puzzling	şertonekî
pygmy	pygmy
pylon	pîlan
pyramid	pîramîd
pyramidal	pyramîdal
pyrotechnics	pyrotechnics
python	python
quack	quack
quad	quad
quadrangle	quadrangle
quadrant	quadrant
quadratic	quadratic
quadrature	quadrature
quadruple	quadruple
quadrupole	quadrupole
quagmire	quagmire
quail	qezenc
quaint	neheqî
quake	quake
qualifications	karsaziyê
qualified	xwende
qualify	têgihanîn
qualifying	kalîtekirin
qualities	taybetmendiyên
quality	çêwe
quandary	çolê
quantify	nirxandin
quantitative	kalîteya
quantitatively	nirx
quantity	jimarî
quantum	nirxê
quarantine	dorgirtî
quarrel	şer
quarry	qezenc
quart	quart
quarter	çarîk
quarterback	sêyemîn
quartered	sêyemîn
quarterly	sê mehan
quartermaster	sêwemîn
quarters	çaran
quartet	quartet
quartile	quartile
quarto	NO TRANSLATION
quartz	quartz
quash	hilweşînin
quasi	kêm
quaternary	quaternary
quay	NO TRANSLATION
queasiness	qirêjiyê
queasy	xemgîn
queen	siltanxanim
queer	xerîb
quell	bêjin
quench	quench
query	pirs
quest	gerr
question	pirs
questionable	bipirs
questioning	pirsîn
questionnaire	pirserêz
queue	mar
queues	qelemên
quibble	quibble
quiche	quiche
quick	zû
quicken	zûtirîn
quickie	lezgîn
quickly	zû
quickness	lezgîn
quicksand	qûm
quicksilver	lezgîn
quid	quid
quiescent	nîv
quiet	rehet
quietly	bêdeng
quill	quill
quilt	quilt
quince	quince
quinine	quinine
quintet	quintet
quirk	quirk
quirky	quirky
quit	devjêberdan
quits	quit
quitter	NO TRANSLATION
quiver	berbiçav
quivering	şewitandin
quiz	pirsok
quorum	quorum
quota	par
quotation	girtebêje
quote	pêşnîyarîya bedelê
quotes	quotes
quotient	têgotin
rabbi	rûhan
rabbit	kevroşk
rabble	rabûn
rabid	rabid
rabies	harî
raccoon	gornebaş
race	nîjad
racehorse	tevgerê
racer	racer
racetrack	rêgaha bazdanê
racial	nijadî
racism	nîjadperestî
racist	nîjadperest
rack	rack
racket	racket
racketeering	racketeering
racking	racking
racquetball	racquetball
racy	rîsk
radar	radar
radial	radiyal
radiance	radîkal
radiant	zelal
radiate	radyoyê
radiation	xûyankirinî
radiator	sarker
radical	bingehîn
radically	radîkal
radio	radyo
radioactive	atomîk
radioactivity	radyoyê
radiograph	radiografîk
radiography	radyografîk
radiologist	radiologist
radiology	radiolojî
radish	tûrp
radium	radium
radius	çap
radon	radon
raffle	raffle
raft	bêrik
rag	paçik
rage	hêrs
ragemode	ragemode
ragetweet	NO TRANSLATION
ragged	ragirtin
raggedy	ragirtî
raging	çerm
rags	cilên
ragtime	ragirtinê
raid	êriş
raider	raider
rail	hesinê tirêne
railing	hawir
railroad	tirên
railway	rêwîtiyê
raiment	çermê
rain	baran
rainbow	keskesor
rainbow trout	tehlûkê
rainbows	rainbows
raincoat	raincoat
raindrops	raindrops
rainfall	baranê
rainforest	rainforest
rainmaker	rainmaker
rainstorm	baranê
rainy	baranî
rainyday	rainyday
raise	bilindkirin
raised	rabû
raisin	mewîj
raising	çêkirin
rake	bêrkişk
rally	rally
ram	beran
ramble	ramble
rambling	qirêj
ramp	kendal
rampage	tengahî
rampant	bêhtir
rampart	rampart
ramrod	ramrod
ranch	terşxwedîkarî
rancher	rancher
rancid	rancid
random	bêpayîn
randomly	nebaş
randomness	neheqiyê
randy	randy
range	dirêjahî
ranger	ranger
rank	çîn
ranking	qeydkirin
ransom	azadkirrîn
rant	rant
ranting	rakêş
rap	rap
rape	bazserdanî
rapid	jêqetandin
rapidity	lezgîn
rapids	rapîdan
rapist	rapist
rapper	rapper
rapping	rapping
rapport	NO TRANSLATION
rapt	rapt
raptor	raptor
raptors	raptors
rapture	dilkişînî
rare	kêm
rarely	kêm
rarity	kêmasî
rascal	rascal
rash	birîn
raspberries	raspberries
raspberry	dirrîreşk
rat	cirdon
ratchet	şikilê
rate	qûrs
ratification	pejirandin
ratify	biryardan
rating	rêjeya
ratio	têkilî
ration	par
rational	parî
rationale	rêjîmê
rationalism	rationalîzmê
rationality	rakêşî
rationalize	bipardayin
rationing	rationing
rattan	rattan
rattle	şexîn
rattled	xistin
rattler	rattler
rattlesnake	marê kor
ratty	xilas
raucous	qirêj
ravage	tarûmarkirin
rave	rave
raven	qerxe
ravenous	xilas
ravine	newal
raving	çêdike
ravioli	ravioli
ravishing	xemgîn
raw	xavî
rawhide	rawestandin
rawr	rawr
ray	tîrêj
razor	cilêt
reach	gîhaştin
react	bersivkirin
reaction	bersivî
reactionary	reaksiyonî
reactive	reaktîf
reactor	rîaktor
read	xwendin
reader	Xwîner
readership	xwendevan
readily	bi hêsanî
readiness	amade dike
reading	xwendinî
readjustment	nirxandin
readout	xwendin
ready	amade
readytogo	readytogo
reaffirm	şaş kirin
reagent	reagent
real	rast
realism	rastîbawerî
realist	rastîbawer
realistic	rastîn
reality	rastî
realization	têgihîştin
realize	bicîanîn
realm	rast
realtor	realtor
realty	rastiyê
ream	ream
reap	reap
reaper	reaper
reappear	dîsa derketin
rear	şûndeva
rearrange	nûsazkirin
rearrangement	rearrangement
reason	semed
reasonable	baqil
reasonableness	dilsoziyê
reasoning	bersivk
reasons	sedemên
reassemble	reassemble
reassign	vegerin
reassignment	vegerandin
reassurance	rehetî
reassure	rehetkirin
reassured	pejirandin
reassuring	pejirandin
rebate	îkram
rebel	dijrabû
rebellion	şoreş
rebellious	dijdar
rebels	serhildayan
rebirth	veguhestin
reboot	reboot
reborn	hilweşandin
rebound	avêtin
rebuild	nûveavakirin
rebuke	serhildanê
rebut	veguhestin
rebuttal	serhildanê
recalcitrant	veguhestin
recall	bişûndebangkirin
recant	veguhestin
recap	veguhestin
recapture	bişûndegirtin
recast	biceribînin
recede	bişûndeçûn
receding	veguhestin
receipt	meqbûz
receipts	wergirtin
receive	wergirtin
received	wergirt
receiver	bistînin
receiving	wergirtin
recent	demek berê
receptacle	şopandin
reception	qebûlgeha otêlan
receptionist	jina mêvanqebûlker
receptive	qebûlkirin
receptor	receptor
recess	rawesta
recesses	bîranîn
recession	karxerabî
recharge	recharge
recheck	veguhestin
recherche	NO TRANSLATION
recidivism	veguhestin
recipe	reçete
recipient	girtevan
reciprocal	beramberî
reciprocate	bersivdan
reciprocity	dilsoz
recital	xwendin
recitation	xwendin
recite	pêşkêşkirin
reckless	aqilsivik
recklessness	bêbaweriyê
reckon	hesab dike
reckoning	hesab kirin
reclaim	bişûndegirtin
reclamation	veguhestinê
recline	paldan
reclining	rûniştin
recluse	veguhestin
recognition	nasî
recognizable	naskirî ye
recognize	nasîn
recognized	naskirî ye
recoil	bistînin
recollect	veguhestin
recollection	veguhestinê
recombinant	recombinant
recombination	recombination
recommend	pêşnîyarkirin
recommendation	pêşnîyar
recompense	bistînin
recon	recon
reconcile	peyda bikin
reconciliation	lihevhatinê
reconfigure	veguherîne
reconnaissance	çareserî
reconnect	vekin
reconsider	lêfikirîn
reconsideration	dagirkirin
reconstitution	avahiyê
reconstruct	dîsaçêkirin
reconstruction	dîsaavakirinî
reconstructive	avakirin
reconvene	veguhestin
record	rekor
recorder	qeydkirinê
recording	girtinî
recount	vegerandin
recoup	veguhestin
recourse	peyda
recover	dîsadîtin
recoverable	vegerandin
recovery	rawesta
recreate	çêbikin
recreation	rawesta
recreational	amadekariyê
recruit	leşkerkirin
recruiter	veguhestin
recruiting	betalkirin
recruitment	kişandin
recruits	navdêr
rectal	rectal
rectangle	çarqozî
rectangular	rectangular
rectification	reforman
rectify	serrastkirin
rector	rector
rectory	rektor
rectum	rûvîqelew
recumbent	vexwarinê
recuperation	veguhestin
recur	veguhestin
recurrence	şûndavegerr
recurrent	berbiçav
recurring	veguhestin
recursion	veguhestin
recursive	veguhestin
recursively	veguhestin
recycle	cardin bikaranîn
recycled	veguhestin
recycling	veguhestinê
red	sor
reddish	sorik
redecorate	red kirin
redeem	bistînin
redeemed	rizgar kirin
redemption	rizgariyê
redesign	red
redhead	redhead
redheaded	redheaded
redirect	redirect
redneck	redneck
redness	ruhê
redo	redo
redress	redkirin
reduce	kêmkirin
reduced	kêmkirin
reduction	kêmkirinî
redundancy	bêhtir
redundant	zêde
redwood	redwood
reed	têr kirin
reef	tehtê berav
reefer	rehefer
reefs	kevir
reek	reek
reel	reel
reelection	reelection
reeling	vekin
reenactment	veguhestinê
reentry	şahadetê
reestablish	reşablish
ref	ref
refer	balkişan
referee	şêwirvan
reference	balkêşî
referendum	referendum
referral	referral
refill	tijîkirin
refine	safîkirin
refined	nirxandin
refinement	vegerandin
refinery	safîxane
refining	çêkirin
refit	red kirin
reflect	biriqandin
reflecting	nîşan dide
reflection	biriqanî
reflective	berbiçav
reflector	refektor
reflex	berxwek
reflux	berbiçav
reform	nûwetî
reformation	guhertinê
reformer	reformer
refraction	veguhestinê
refractor	refractor
refractory	berevajî
refrain	bisekinin
refraining	derxistin
refresh	hênikkirin
refreshed	veguhestin
refreshing	nûvekirin
refreshment	kişandin
refrigerate	sar bikin
refrigeration	sarêjiyê
refrigerator	hênikker
refuel	tijîkirin
refuge	dexl
refugee	penaber
refund	şûndadanî
refurbish	veguhestin
refusal	dijrabûn
refuse	refzkirin
refused	red kirin
refusing	red dikin
refutation	nirxandin
refute	red dike
regain	gîhaştin
regal	rêjîmê
regalia	regalaya
regard	nirxandin
regatta	regatta
regency	rêjîmê
regenerate	nûve bike
regeneration	nûvekirin
regent	qeyd kirin
reggae	reggae
regime	rejîm
regimen	regimen
regiment	hêz
regimental	regimental
region	Herêm
regional	dorane
regionalism	herêmî
register	fêhrist
registrar	mamûrê mahrbirrînê
registration	qeydkirinî
registry	qeydkirinê
regress	xemgîniyê
regression	zordariyê
regressive	xemgîn
regret	mixabanî
regretful	xemgîn
regrettable	xemgîn e
regretted	şermezar kirin
regretting	baxişandin
regroup	veguhestin
regular	rêzbirêz
regularity	rêzbirêzî
regulars	birêvebirin
regulate	rêzkirin
regulated	birêve kirin
regulation	rêz
regulator	rêbazê
regulatory	rêbaz
regurgitation	regurgitation
rehab	rehab
rehabilitate	rehabilitate
rehabilitation	rehabilitasyonê
rehash	ruh
rehearsal	qeys
rehearse	cerribandin
reign	padîşahiyê
reigning	desthilatdariyê
reimburse	zirardan
reimbursement	xercê
rein	rin
reincarnation	reincarnation
reindeer	rindeer
reinforce	zexmkirin
reinforcement	zexmî
reinforcements	xurtkirin
reins	hilweşandin
reinstall	reinstall
reinstate	veguhestin
reinstatement	veguhestin
reinvest	qezenc
reinvestment	veguhestin
reiterate	veguhestin
reject	refzkirin
rejected	red kir
rejection	refz
rejects	red dike
rejoice	kêfkirin
rejoicing	kêfxweş im
rejoin	dîsa pêvgirêdan
rejuvenate	rêjîmê
rejuvenated	re nûve kirin
rekindle	vekin
relapse	veguhestin
relate	qalkirin
related	peywendîdar
relation	meriv
relationship	peywendî
relative	meriv
relativity	têkildarî
relax	nermkirin
relaxant	xemgîn
relaxation	sistî
relaxed	xweş
relaxing	sistker
relay	veguhestin
release	berdan
released	serbest berdan
relegation	radyoyê
relentless	bêwestan
relevance	pêwendîdar
relevancy	pêwendîdar
relevant	nikartê
reliability	ewlehiyê
reliable	bawerdar
reliance	girêdayî
relic	rexne dike
relics	deverên
relief	alîkarî
relieve	alîkirin
relieved	razî kirin
relieving	dilsoz
relight	tengahî
religion	ol
religious	oldar
relinquish	bistînin
relish	tirs
relive	girêdayî ye
reload	reload
relocate	cîgûherandin
relocation	veguherîn
reluctance	bêdilî
reluctant	liberrabû
rely	pişta xwe girêdan bi
remain	mayin
remainder	mayî
remaining	jiberma
remains	jibermayî
remake	rakirin
remand	remand
remark	bingotin
remarkable	balkêş
remarkably	balkêş
remarry	berbiçav
rematch	veguhestinê
remedial	nexweşî
remedy	dermanê saxîyê
remember	bîrveanîn
remembered	bîranîn
remembering	bîranîn
remembrance	bîranîn
remind	bîranîn
reminder	bîra xwe
reminisce	reminisce
reminiscent	remîniscent
reminiscing	bîranîn
remiss	bistînin
remission	derxistin
remit	jêberdan
remittance	dirav şandin
remnant	mayîn
remodel	remodel
remorse	poşîman
remorseful	pirpoşîman
remote	dûr
remoteness	veguhestinê
removal	derxistin
remove	dûrxistin
remover	derxistin
remuneration	derxistin
renaissance	renaissance
renal	geral
rencontre	NO TRANSLATION
rend	NO TRANSLATION
render	pêşkêş dikin
rendering	rendering
rendezvous	dilsoz
rendition	rendition
renegade	renegade
renegotiate	renegotiate
renew	nukirin
renewal	nikirî
renounce	derxistin
renovate	tamîrkirin
renovated	nûvekirin
renovation	tamîr
renown	navdar
renowned	navdar
rent	kirê
rental	kirê
renter	renter
renunciation	xilas
reopen	vekin
reorganization	reorganîzasyonê
reorganize	nûvesazkirin
rep	rep
repaint	berbiçav
repair	pîne
repairman	repairman
reparation	veguhestinê
repay	dirav şûndedayin
repayment	dirav şûndedanî
repeal	dijbeyan
repeat	dûbare
repeated	dubare kirin
repeatedly	caran
repeater	repeater
repel	şûndeavêtin
repellant	berbiçav
repellent	paşveavêt
repelling	bîr kirin
repent	poşmanbûn
repentance	poşmanî
repentant	dilsoz
repertoire	repertoire
repertory	repertory
repetition	dûbare
repetitive	dubare
rephrase	refrase
replace	diberdaxistin
replacement	diber
replay	replay
replenish	veguhestin
replete	berbiçav
replica	replica
replicate	replicate
replication	têgotin
reply	bersiv
report	nûçe
reported	ragihandin
reporter	nûçevan
repose	vekin
reposition	reposition
repository	pirtûkxaneyê
repossess	bistînin
reprehensible	berbiçav
represent	cîgirtin
representation	cîgirî
representative	cîgir
represented	nûner
representing	nûnerên
repress	bindestkirin
repressed	tengahî
repression	bindestî
reprieve	veguhestin
reprimand	lome
reprint	reprint
reprisal	heyf
reprise	şaş bikin
reproach	xemgîniyê
reproduce	nuvekirin
reproduction	nuvekirinî
reproductive	hilberîn
reprogram	reprogram
reptile	marmarkî
republic	cumhurîyet
republican	Komarparêz
repudiation	repudiation
repugnance	berbiçav
repugnant	berbiçav
repulsion	şewitandin
repulsive	şûndeavêt
repurchase	veguhestin
reputable	berbiçav
reputation	bang
repute	şermezar dikin
reputed	şaş kirin
request	tika
requiem	requiem
require	xwestin
required	hewce ye
requirement	pêwistî
requisite	pêdivî ye
requisition	daxwazê
reread	reread
reroute	reroute
rerun	rerun
reschedule	demanî tarloqkirin
rescind	bistîne
rescission	rizgarkirina
rescue	rizgarî
research	lêkolîn
researcher	lêkolîner
resection	rûniştinê
resemblance	nêzhevî
resemble	nêzhevbûn
resembling	wekhev
resent	başnedîtin
resentful	sergêj
resentment	sergêjanî
reservation	alîdanînî
reserve	avêtina kêlekê
reserved	parastin
reserves	rezervan
reservoir	rezberê
reset	vekin
reside	cîwarbûn
residence	cîwar
residences	niştecîh
residency	rûniştinê
resident	rûniştevan
residential	niştecîh
residual	niştecîh
residue	rûniştinê
resign	xwe bişûndekişandin
resignation	şûndekişî
resigned	rakirin
resilience	xemgîniyê
resilient	berbiçav
resin	resîn
resist	berxwedan
resistance	berxwedan
resistant	berxwedan
resisting	berxwedana
resistive	berxwedanê
resolute	çareser kirin
resolutely	çareser kirin
resolution	çareseriyê
resolve	biryardan
resolved	çareser kirin
resonance	berbiçav
resonant	resonant
resonate	resonate
resonator	resonator
resort	cîyê tatîlê
resounding	berbiçav
resource	kanî
resourceful	çavvekkirî
resources	çavkaniyên
respect	rûmet
respectability	rêzdariyê
respectable	emelxweş
respected	rêzdar
respectful	rûmetar
respecting	rêzgirtin
respective	têkildar
respects	rêzgirtin
respiration	respirasyon
respirator	respirator
respiratory	respiratory
respite	berbiçav
resplendent	berbiçav
respond	bersivdan
respondent	bersîvkar
response	bersiv
responsibility	berpisîyarî
responsible	berpirsîyare
responsive	pêrakirin
rest	rehetî
restart	veguhestin
restaurant	aşxane
rested	bêdeng kirin
restful	rhetker
restitution	xercê
restless	nerehet
restlessness	bêbaweriyê
restock	restock
restoration	nûvdekirinî
restorative	bîhnfireh
restore	nûvdekirin
restored	veguhestin
restoring	veguhestin
restrain	şûndegirtin
restrained	sekinandin
restraining	sekinandin
restraint	tengî
restrict	tengkirin
restricted	sînor
restriction	tengkirinî
restrictive	sînor
restroom	xanî
result	netîce
resultant	encam
resume	dîsa vekirin
resumption	veguhestinê
resurrect	veguhestin
resurrection	dîsa jîyandin
resuscitate	veguhestin
resuscitation	veguhestinê
retail	yektacirî
retailer	firotanê
retain	gelxwegirtin
retainer	retainer
retaining	ragirtin
retake	dûbare
retaliate	veguhestin
retaliation	heyf
retaliatory	retaliatory
retard	vekin
retardation	davêjin
retarded	vekişandin
retards	retard
retention	gelxwehiştinî
retentive	retentive
rethink	hilweşînin
reticent	xemgîn
retina	retina
retinal	retinal
retire	xwe bişûndekişandin
retired	retired
retirement	teqawîtî
retiring	retiring
retold	veguhestin
retort	veguhestin
retrace	paşîn
retract	şûndekişandin
retraction	veguhestinê
retractor	retractor
retreat	şûmdekêşî
retrenchment	veguhertin
retrial	dadgehkirinê
retribution	heyf
retrieval	dîsabidestxistin
retrieve	bişûndeanîn
retriever	retriever
retro	retro
retroactive	retroactive
retrograde	retrograde
retrospect	veguhestin
retrospective	retrospective
retrospectively	berbiçav
return	vegerr
reunion	dîsayekbûn
reunite	dîsayekkirin
reunited	veguhestin
rev	rev
reveal	derxistina holê
revel	veguhestin
revelation	kişif
revelations	eşkere
revels	veguhestin
revenge	heyf
revenue	hatine
reverberation	reverberation
revere	rahişt
reverence	dilsoz
reverend	reverend
reverent	dilsoz
reverie	reverie
reversal	tersî
reverse	gara paşî
reversion	guhertin
revert	şûndehatin
reverting	veguhestin
review	axaftin
reviewer	reviewer
revise	şûndeavêtin
revision	nûxwestin
revisit	revisit
revival	revival
revive	dîsajîyandin
revocation	revandin
revoke	betal bike
revolt	rabûn
revolting	revolting
revolution	şoreş
revolutionary	şoreşger
revolutionize	şoreşê bikin
revolve	revolve
revolver	revolver
revolving	serhildanê
revue	revandin
revulsion	revulsion
revving	revandin
reward	xelat
rewarding	xelas kirin
rewind	şûndelêgerandin
rewire	rewire
rewrite	qeydgûherrandin
rhapsody	xemgîniyê
rhetoric	rhetorîk
rhetorical	rhetorical
rheumatism	rheumatîzmê
rhinestone	rhinestone
rhino	rhino
rhinoceros	gergedan
rhubarb	rhubarb
rhyme	rhyme
rhyming	helbestek
rhythm	ritim
rhythmic	rhythmê
rhythmical	rhythmîn
rib	parsû
ribbed	ribbed
ribbon	bant
rice	birinc
rich	dewlemend
riches	dewlemend
richness	dewlemendî
rick	rick
rickety	rickety
rickshaw	rickshaw
ricochet	ricochet
rid	rizgar bikin
riddance	riddansa
riddle	şertonek
riddled	riddled
ride	rêwîtî
rider	rider
ridge	şeh
ridicule	şikilî
ridiculed	şaş
ridiculous	pêkenî
riding	riding
rife	rife
riff	riff
riffraff	riffraff
rifle	tiving
rifleman	rifleman
rifles	çekan
rift	rift
rig	rig
rigged	xist
rigging	rigging
right	rast
righteous	mafdan
righteousness	rastdariyê
rightful	rast
rightly	rast
righty	rast
rigid	qerrisî
rigidity	hişk
rigor	zehmet
rigorous	hişk
rim	kêlek
rind	çerm
ring	qulp
ringer	ringer
ringing	dixin
ringleader	rêjeyê
ringmaster	ringmaster
ringside	ringside
rink	rink
rinse	şûştin
riot	tevketî
rioting	serhildanê
riotous	hêrs
riots	serhildanan
rip	qelîştok
riparian	riparian
ripe	çêbûyî
ripen	ripen
ripening	ripening
ripper	ripper
ripple	ripple
rippling	rippling
rise	lihevderketin
rising	rabe
risk	talûke
risky	bi talûke
risotto	rêjotê
rite	rite
ritual	awa
ritualistic	rîtualist
rival	reqabetkirinî
rivalry	dijayetî
river	çem
riverbank	deryayê
riverbed	riverbed
riverboat	riverboat
rivet	rivet
riveted	riveted
riveting	riveting
roach	xemgîniyê
road	rê
roadblock	rêwîtiyê
roadhouse	xanî
roadie	roadie
roadrage	NO TRANSLATION
roadrunner	rêwîtiyê
roads	rê
roadside	rêwîtiyê
roadster	rêber
roadtrip	rêwîtiyê
roadway	rêwîtiyê
roadworks	rêgezên
roam	roam
roar	roar
roaring	xurt
roast	bijartin
roasted	rûxandin
rob	şêlandin
robber	diz
robbery	şêl
robe	sehavî
robin	robin
robot	robot
robotic	robot
robotics	robot
robust	xurt
roc	roc
rock	teht
rocker	kevir
rocket	rakêt
rocks	kevir
rod	rod
rodent	rodent
rodeo	rodeo
roe	roe
rogue	rûkê
role	rola
roll	nanik
roller	berbiçav
rollercoaster	trena hewayî
rollers	rollers
rollicking	şewitandin
rolling	berbiçav
roman	roman
romance	navderketina evînî
romantic	evînî
romanticism	romantîzmê
romp	romp
roof	banî
rooftop	şewitandin
rook	rook
rookie	rookie
room	jûre
roomful	odeyek
roommate	hevalxanî
rooms	odeyên
roomy	liserhev
roost	roost
rooster	dîk
root	reh
root beer	bîr
rooted	vekirî
rope	werîs
ropes	ropes
rosary	rosary
rose	gûl
rosemary	rosemary
rosette	rosette
roster	roster
rosy	rosy
rot	pûçbûn
rota	rota
rotary	zû
rotate	yîvirrîn
rotation	çepê
rote	rote
rotor	rotor
rotten	xerabûyî
rotting	rotting
rotunda	rotunda
rouge	rûkê
rough	kortekort
roughly	bi temamî
roughneck	roughneck
roughness	tengahî
roulette	roulette
round	girrover
roundabout	dorpêç
rounded	xist
roundup	dûr
rouse	ruhê
rouser	kinc
rousing	rûsî
rout	rê
route	rêk
routine	fêrbûyî
rove	rove
rover	rover
roving	roving
row	dor
rowboat	qut
rowdy	pîvan
rowing	xistin
royal	qiralî
royalty	royalty
rub	dihevdan
rubber	lastîk
rubbers	germ
rubbing	şewitandin
rubbish	zibil
rubble	şewitandin
rubdown	rakêş
rubric	rêjîk
ruby	cewher
ruckus	ruckus
rudder	bêrik
ruddy	ruddy
rude	bêrûmet
rudeness	dilsoz
rudimentary	rêjîmê
rudiments	rudiments
rue	rue
rueful	rueful
ruff	ruff
ruffian	ruffian
ruffle	qalikê
rug	ferş
rugby	rugby
rugged	xilas
ruin	hilweşînin
ruination	hilweşînê
ruined	hilweşandin
ruinous	xirab
ruins	wêranxane
rule	rêz
ruler	hûkûmdar
ruling	desthilatdar
rum	rum
rumba	rumba
rumble	rumble
rummage	rummage
rumor	birûse
rumored	raman
rump	perça dawîn
rumpus	rumpus
run	rev
runaround	li dorê baz bide
runaway	bazdan
rundown	rundown
runes	davêjin
rung	rung
runner	runner
running	digerin
running shoes	solê revê
runny	runny
runt	NO TRANSLATION
runway	rêwîtiyê
rupture	şikesta
rural	gûndewarî
ruse	NO TRANSLATION
rush	sorkirinî
rushing	zû
rust	zingar
rusted	hişk
rustic	rustîk
rustle	rustle
rustler	rustler
rusty	zingarî
rut	rut
ruth	ruth
ruthless	bêbal
rye	cehgenim
sabbatical	sabbatîkî
saber	NO TRANSLATION
sable	sable
sabotage	hilweşîn
saboteur	saboteur
sac	pîroz
sack	xûrc
sacrament	pîroz
sacred	pîroz
sacrifice	qûrban
sacrifices	qurbaniyan
sacrificial	qurbaniyê
sacrilege	dagirkeriyê
sacrilegious	pîroz
sad	xemgîn
sadday	NO TRANSLATION
saddens	saddens
saddle	zîn
sadist	xemgîn
sadistic	sadistic
sadly	xemgîn
sadness	liberketinî
safari	safari
safe	emîn
safeguard	ewlehiyê
safekeeping	safekeeping
safety	ewlekarî
saffron	Zebûr
sag	sag
saga	saga
sage	sage
saggy	saggy
sail	bapaçavjenîn
sailboat	bota bapaçavî
sailing	sailing
sailor	deryavan
saint	ezîz
sainted	şaş
saintly	saintly
sake	ji bo
salad	xas
salamander	salamander
salami	salami
salary	meaş
sale	firotin
salesgirl	firotanê
salesman	firotkar
salient	giran
saline	saline
saliva	xwezî
sally	silav
salmon	sormasî
salmonella	salmonella
salon	salon
saloon	saloon
salsa	salsa
salt	xwê
salted	silav
saltwater	ava şor
salty	zêdexwê
salutary	dilsoz
salutation	silav
salute	silav
salvage	rizgariyê
salvation	rizgarî
salve	salve
samba	samba
sameness	yekem
sample	mînak
samurai	samurai
sanatorium	sanatorium
sanctification	pîrozkirin
sanctified	pîroz kirin
sanctify	pîroz bikin
sanctimonious	dilsoz
sanction	tengî
sanctioned	tête kirin
sanctity	pîroz
sanctuary	dorhalîyê parastî
sanctum	pîroz
sand	qûm
sandal	pêlav
sandbox	sandbox
sander	sander
sandman	sandman
sandpaper	sandpaper
sands	sands
sandstorm	zêrîn
sandwich	nanok
sandy	qûmî
sane	baqilane
sanguine	sanguine
sanitarium	sanîtarium
sanitary	paqijî
sanitation	paqijî
sanity	bîranîn
sans	NO TRANSLATION
santa	santa
sap	mêweav
sapiens	sapiens
sapphire	aqût
sappy	şeng
sarcasm	sarcasm
sarcastic	tewzî
sarcoma	sarcoma
sarcophagus	sarcophagus
sardine	hûrmasî
sardonic	sardonic
sarsaparilla	sarsaparilla
sash	sash
sashimi	sashimi
sassafras	sassafras
sassy	sassy
satanic	satanîk
satchel	paqij
sate	NO TRANSLATION
satellite	satelayt
satin	rûn
satire	satire
satirical	satirical
satisfaction	dilşadî
satisfactorily	dilsoz
satisfactory	dilî
satisfied	dilsoz
satisfy	bidilanîn
satisfying	tewqandî
saturate	saturate
saturated	saturated
saturation	saturation
satyr	satyr
sauce	avdohnk
saucepan	saucepan
saucer	saucer
saucy	bêdeng
sauerkraut	sauerkraut
sauna	sauna
sausage	rêvîk
savage	bejî
savagery	dirûşm
savanna	savanna
savannah	savannah
savant	savant
save	rizgarkirin
saver	rizgar
saving	rizgarkirina
savings	berhevkirî
savior	xilaskar
savor	savor
savory	savory
savvy	xerîb
saw	birrek
sawdust	xerîb
sawmill	kişandin
sax	sax
saxophone	saxophone
say	gotin
sayonara	NO TRANSLATION
scab	kemrik
scabbard	paqij
scaffold	qirêj
scaffolding	qirêj
scalding	çerm
scale	pîvana
scales	tîp
scallop	şaş
scalp	çermê serî
scalpel	scalpel
scaly	şîn
scam	scam
scamp	scamp
scampi	scampî
scan	scan
scandal	bûyerê ecêb
scandalous	şermezar
scanner	scanner
scanty	neheq
scape	scape
scapegoat	pêdivî ye
scar	birîn
scarab	scarab
scarce	kêm
scarcely	kêm
scarcity	kêmbûnê
scare	tirs
scarecrow	scarecrow
scared	ditirsin
scares	ditirsin
scarf	çefî
scarier	scarier
scariest	xerîb
scarlet	sor
scary	ditirsin
scat	şaş
scatter	belakirin
scattered	belav kirin
scattering	belavkirin
scavenger	xerîb
scenario	senaryoyê
scene	bûyerê
scenery	menzere
scenic	wênewar
scent	bêhna xweş
scented	şewitandin
scepter	qirêj
sceptical	bişik
scepticism	şaş
schadenfreude	schadenfreude
schedule	pîlan
schematic	planek
scheme	plana
schilling	xistin
schism	schism
schizophrenia	schizophrenia
schizophrenic	schizophrenic
schlep	schlep
schmuck	NO TRANSLATION
schnapps	schnapps
schnitzel	schnitzel
scholar	mamoste
scholarly	zanistî
scholarship	şabaşka zankovanî
scholastic	scholastic
school	dibistan
schoolboy	dibistanê
schoolgirl	dibistanê
schoolhouse	dibistanê
schooling	zanfêrî
schoolmaster	dibistanê
schoolteacher	NO TRANSLATION
schoolwork	dibistanê
schoolyard	dibistanê
schooner	schooner
sciatica	sciatica
science	zanist
scientific	zanistî
scientist	zanistvan
scifi	scifi
scintilla	NO TRANSLATION
scintillating	şewitandin
scintillation	şewitandin
scintillator	scintillator
scion	scion
scissors	meqes
scoff	şaş
scold	xeberdan
scolding	ditirsin
scone	scone
scoop	vekin
scoot	şûştî
scooter	scooter
scope	çarçoveya
scorch	qirêj
scorching	xemgîn
score	rewşa nixtan
scoreboard	scoreboard
scorer	scorer
scores	heqê
scorn	veşartî
scorned	qirêj
scornful	xemgîn
scorpion	dûpişk
scotch	scotch
scoundrel	xemgîn
scour	tirsa
scourge	xemgîniyê
scout	scout
scowl	şewl
scrabble	pişkek
scram	scram
scramble	xemgîniyê
scrambled	veguherandin
scrambler	pêdivî ye
scrambling	veguhestin
scrap	scrap
scrapbook	scrapbook
scrape	xûrandin
scrapie	scrapie
scraping	veşartin
scrappy	xemgîn
scratch	xerritok
scratchy	xemgîn
scrawny	xemgîn
scream	qîrîn
screamer	qîrîn
screaming	qîrîn
screech	xemgîn
screen	rûber
screening	screening
screenplay	pevçûn
screenwriter	fîlmek
screw	badek
screwball	qirêj
screwdriver	badankêş
screwed	şaş kirin
screwy	şehîd
screwyou	NO TRANSLATION
scribble	xetkişîn
scribe	xezeb
scrimmage	çermê
scrip	pişk
script	nivîs
scriptural	Pîroz
scripture	nivîsa ezîz
scroll	binivîse
scrotum	scrotum
scrounge	pevçûnê
scrounger	pispor
scrub	paqijkirin
scruffy	şehf
scrumptious	berbiçav
scrupulous	bêdeng
scrutinize	vekolîn
scrutiny	lêkolînê
scuba	scuba
scuff	şikilê
scuffle	şikilê
scullery	qirêj
sculptor	peyda
sculpture	pût
sculptured	peyda kirin
scum	xemgîniyê
scumbag	bêdeng
scurry	xemgîniyê
scurvy	xemgîniyê
scuttle	qezenc
sea	gol
seaboard	seaboard
seafood	mêwê derya
seagull	teyrav
seal	mor
seals	mor
seam	kevî
seaman	seaman
seamless	bêhêz
seamstress	qirêj
seaport	seaport
sear	zû
search	gerr
searching	lêgerîn
searchlight	lêgerîn
seared	ditirsin
seashore	derav
seasick	nexweşê avî
seaside	deryayê
season	demsal
seasonal	demslî
seasoned	salî
seasoning	tamî
seat	rûniştek
seatbelt	rûniştin
seating	rûniştin
seawater	çepê
seaweed	kefz
sec	sec
secession	dabeşkirin
secluded	vekirî
seclusion	sekinandin
second	duyem
second cousin	pismamê duyem
secondary	dûwemdor
secondhand	duyemîn
secrecy	xanîdar
secret	dizî
secretariat	sekretar
secretary	sekreter
secrete	vekin
secretion	tengahiyê
secretive	veşartî
secretly	bi dizî
sect	mezheb
sectarian	mezhebî
section	liq
sectional	beşdarî
sector	beş
secular	secular
secularism	secularîzmê
secure	bicî
securities	ewlehiyê
security	ewlekarî
sedan	NO TRANSLATION
sedate	serhevdan
sedation	serhevdanî
sedative	dermanê nermkirinê
sedentary	dilsoz
sedge	sedge
sediment	navoka erdê
sedimentary	çerm
sedition	sedem
seduce	bi aqillîstin
seducer	seducer
seducing	seducing
seduction	sedem
seductive	bi aqillîstinî
see	dîtin
seed	toxim
seedling	dirûşm
seeds	tov
seedy	seedy
seek	lêgerrîn
seeker	lêgerîn
seem	birikin
seemingly	xuya dike
seer	seer
seesaw	dibînin
seething	tiştek
segment	pardayre
segregate	jihevkirin
segregated	dabeş kirin
segregation	parçekirin
seismic	seismîk
seize	bidestxistin
seizure	nexweşketinî
seldom	kêmdî
select	neqandin
selection	neqînî
selective	bijarte
selectman	hilbijêre
selenium	selenium
self	wekhev
selfharm	NO TRANSLATION
selfish	xwehez
selfishness	xweseriyê
selfless	bêbawer
selflove	NO TRANSLATION
selfworth	NO TRANSLATION
sell	firotin
seller	firotkar
sellout	firotanê
seltzer	seltzer
semantics	semantîk
semaphore	semaphore
semblance	semblance
semen	semen
semester	semester
semi	nîv
semiautomatic	NO TRANSLATION
semicolon	semicolon
seminal	seminal
seminar	semîner
seminary	navîn
semiotics	nimûne
senate	senate
senator	senator
send	şandin
sender	şandin
senescence	senescence
senile	pîr
senior	kalo
seniority	salîkar
senor	senor
senorita	senorita
sensation	bûyerê ecêb
sensational	ecêbbûyer
sense	hîs
senseless	bêhîs
senses	hest
sensibility	pêket
sensible	biaqilî
sensibly	zû
sensitive	pêketî
sensitivity	hisê nazik
sensor	Sensor
sensory	hestyar
sensual	bifêhmî
sensuality	hestyariyê
sensuous	hişk
sentence	biryar
sentencing	cezakirin
sentient	şandin
sentiment	hîs
sentimental	hisgûherr
sentimentality	hestyariyê
sentinel	sentinel
sentry	nobet
separable	vekirî
separate	veqetî
separately	cuda
separation	veqetandinî
separatist	cudatiyê
sepia	sepiya
sepsis	sepsis
sept	sept
septic	septîk
septum	septum
sequel	pêşeng
sequence	dor
sequent	berbiçav
sequestered	nirxandin
sequestration	xilas
serenade	serenade
serendipity	serendipity
serene	serene
serenity	serdestiyê
sergeant	çaqîş
serial	serial
serialize	serialize
series	doranî
serif	serif
serious	ciddî
seriousness	ciddî
sermon	gotar
serpent	mar
serpentine	serpentine
serrated	serî
serum	serum
servant	sûxrekar
serve	sûxrekirin
server	server
service	xizmetkar
serviceable	xizmetê
servile	servile
servitude	xulamê
sesame	sesame
sess	NO TRANSLATION
session	rûniştinî
sessions	rûniştin
set	danîn
setback	şaş
sett	NO TRANSLATION
setter	setter
settle	xelaskirin
settled	rûniştin
settlement	bicîanînî
settler	rûniştevan
settlor	settlor
setup	damezirandin
seven	heft
seventeen	hevdeh
seventh	heftem
seventy	heftê
sever	veqtandin
severable	giran
severally	cûda
severance	cûda
severe	giran
severely	giran
severity	dijwariyê
sew	dirûn
sewage	avqirrêj
sewer	erqa avqirrêj
sewerage	sewerage
sewing	dirûnê
sex	cinsîyet
sexist	zayendî
sexual	cinsî
sexuality	cinsî
sexy	sexy
shabby	şikir
shack	şikandin
shackle	şaş
shade	sî
shades	kevir
shading	şîn
shadow	sî
shadowy	şehîd
shady	shady
shaft	şikeftok
shag	shag
shaggy	şaggy
shake	rijandin
shakedown	şekir
shaken	şewitandin
shaker	şiker
shaking	şewitandin
shaky	şaş
shall	dêbûn
shallow	nizm
shallows	xerîb
sham	şam
shaman	şaman
shambles	şambûl
shame	şerm
shamed	şerm
shameful	şermda
shameless	bêşerm
shampoo	şampuwan
shanghai	shanghai
shank	şank
shanty	şantiyê
shape	cins
shapely	şapelye
shard	şard
share	par
shareholder	pardar
sharing	parvekirin
shark	sehmasî
sharp	tûj
sharpen	tûjkirin
sharpened	hişk kirin
sharpener	çerm
sharpness	tengahî
sharpshooter	şehîd
shatter	perçiqandin
shattered	belav kirin
shattering	şaş kirin
shave	kûrkirin
shaver	şaver
shaving	şewitandin
shawl	shawl
sheaf	zêrîn
shear	hirîbirrîn
shears	hesîn
sheath	masî
sheathing	mirinê
shed	nemes
sheen	şîn
sheep	pez
sheepdog	miyên
sheepish	mirinê
sheer	kişandin
sheet	rûberê nivînê
sheik	sheik
shelf	textik
shell	legan
shellfish	gerîla
shelling	şewitandin
shelter	parastin
sheltered	rûniştin
shelters	malan
shelved	rûniştin
shepherd	şivan
sherbet	sherbet
sheriff	sheriff
sherry	şêr
shield	lewha
shift	tarloqî
shifting	guhertin
shifty	şîret
shilling	şewitandin
shimmer	şimmer
shimmering	şimmering
shimmy	şimme
shin	çîphestî
shindig	shindig
shine	birq
shiner	şiner
shingle	şingle
shining	ronahî
shiny	biriqî
ship	gemî
shipment	firotanê
shipping	firotin
shipshape	firotanê
shipwreck	firotanê
shipyard	gemîxane
shire	şîrê
shirt	berdilk
shit	şit
shitday	NO TRANSLATION
shitfaced	şewitandin
shithead	şîthead
shitless	bêhêz
shitload	shitload
shittest	NO TRANSLATION
shitty	shitty
shiver	cirifîn
shivering	şîn
shoals	şoals
shock	hûrmik
shocked	şaş
shocker	şaş
shocking	bizdane
shockingly	şaş
shoddy	qirêj
shoe	pêlav
shoelace	benê pêlavê
shoemaker	şoemaker
shoes	pêlav
shoeshine	şiroşê
shook	hildan
shoot	gûleberdan
shooter	shooter
shooting	teqîn
shootout	firotanê
shop	dikan
shopkeeper	dikanê
shoplifter	dikir
shoplifting	firotanê
shopper	dikir
shopping	kirînê
shore	berav
shoreline	şoreline
shorn	qirêj
short	nizm
short story	çîrokek kurt
shortage	kêmasî
shortcake	kurtasî
shortcoming	kêmbûna
shortcut	kurteya
shorten	kurt bikin
shortening	kurt kirin
shorthand	xurt
shortly	demeke kurt
shortness	kurtahî
shorts	shorts
shortstop	kurteya
shortwave	kurt
shot	gûlle
shotgun	şenggun
shoulder	mil
shout	qîrîn
shove	dafdan
shovel	bêr
shoveling	hilweşandin
show	rêdan
showbiz	showbiz
showboat	showboat
showcase	nîşan bide
showdown	xuyakirin
shower	serşo
showgirl	showgirl
showing	nîşan bide
showoff	weşandin
showroom	xanî
showy	showy
shrapnel	shrapnel
shred	xirab
shrew	hilkişandin
shrewd	şehîd
shriek	şîrê
shrill	kişandin
shrimp	kevcalê derya
shrine	mirîşo
shrink	hedimîn
shrinking	şewitandin
shrivel	şehvel
shroud	şerm
shrub	şir
shrubbery	kişandin
shrug	şûr
shrunk	qirikê
shrunken	şaş
shudder	şudder
shuddering	şuddering
shuffle	şûle
shuffleboard	shuffleboard
shuffling	şewitandin
shun	şewitandin
shunned	veqetandin
shunt	şeng
shut	girtin
shutdown	temirandin
shuteye	NO TRANSLATION
shutit	NO TRANSLATION
shutter	şter
shuttle	şuttê
shutup	NO TRANSLATION
shy	fedîkar
shyness	şîn
shyster	şehîd
sib	NO TRANSLATION
sibling	birêz
sic	sic
sick	nexweş
sickbay	nexweşiyê
sicken	nexweşî
sickening	nexweşî
sickle	nexweşî
sickly	nexweşî
sickness	nexweşî
side	hêl
sidearm	sidearm
sidebar	çepê
sideboard	alî
sideburns	aliyan
sidecar	alîgir
sidekick	pişkek
sideline	sideline
sideshow	sideshow
sidestep	berbiçav
sidewalk	rêka rêwîyan
sideways	kêlekda
sidewinder	sûdewer
siege	korîn
siesta	siesta
sieve	xilas
sift	heft
sifting	sifting
sigh	sigh
sight	nerrînî
sighting	dîtin
sightseeing	niştecîh kirin
sigma	sigma
sign	nîşan
signal	nîşan
signature	destnîşan
significance	mane
significant	manegiran
signification	îmze kirin
signify	îmze bikin
signpost	signpost
silence	bêdengî
silencer	silencer
silent	bêdeng
silently	bêdengî
silhouette	silhouette
silicon	silicon
silicone	silicone
silk	hevirmêş
silken	silken
silky	silik
sill	sill
silliness	xemgîniyê
silly	bêaqil
silo	silo
silt	silt
silver	zîv
silverware	zêrîn
silvery	silav
similar	nêzbûn
similarity	nêzbûnî
simile	NO TRANSLATION
simmer	hişyar
simmering	berbiçav
simple	asan
simples	NO TRANSLATION
simpleton	simpleton
simplicity	hêsan
simplify	asankirin
simplistic	simplistic
simply	asan
simulate	dermankirin
simulated	simulandî
simulating	simulating
simulation	simulasyonê
simulator	simulator
simultaneous	yekwext
simultaneously	bi hev
sin	NO TRANSLATION
sincere	dilrast
sincerity	dilrastî
sinful	gûnehkarî
sing	stran
singer	stranbêj
singing	stran
single	yekoyek
singly	bêjin
singular	yekjimar
singularity	yekjimar
singularly	bi tenê
sinister	neheq
sink	cilşo
sinker	sinker
sinking	şîrîn
sinner	gûnehkar
sinning	gunehkar
sinus	sînûs
sip	jêderxistin
siphon	sifon
sipping	veşartin
sir	mirze
sire	sire
siren	dengda
sirloin	sirloin
sissy	sissy
sister	xwişk
sisterhood	sisterhood
sit	rûniştin
sitcom	sitcom
site	malperê
sith	sît
sitter	sitter
sitting	rûniştin
situate	rûniştin
situated	navîn
situation	rewş
six	şeş
sixpence	şeş
sixteen	şanzdeh
sixth	şeşem
sixty	şêst
sizable	sizable
size	mezinayî
sizzle	sizzle
ska	NO TRANSLATION
skate	befirpêlav
skateboard	skateboard
skater	skater
skating	skating
skedaddle	skedaddle
skeet	skeet
skein	skein
skeletal	skeletal
skeleton	hestî
skeptic	şaş
skeptical	bişik
skepticism	şaş
sketch	nexş
sketching	çermê
sketchy	xeber
skewed	şewitandin
skewer	şewitandin
ski	befirajo
skid	skid
skier	skier
skiff	tirs
skiing	skiing
skijump	NO TRANSLATION
skill	jîrî
skilled	pispor
skillet	skillet
skillful	pispor
skim	şewitandin
skimpy	skimpy
skin	çerm
skinny	tenik
skip	hilperkîn
skipper	şev
skirmish	şermezar
skirt	kiras
skirting	skirting
skirts	skirts
skit	skît
skittish	pêdivî ye
skull	tasa serî
skunk	sîxûrgennî
sky	asûman
skylight	skylight
skyline	ezman
skyscraper	skyscraper
slab	slab
slack	şaş
slag	slag
slam	slam
slammer	slammer
slander	derewî
slanderous	bêhêz
slang	gelziman
slant	berbiçav
slap	lêxistin
slash	slash
slashes	slashes
slate	slate
slates	slates
slaughter	serjêkirin
slaughterhouse	kuştinê
slaughtering	kuştinê
slave	xûlam
slavery	xulamî
slay	kuştin
slayer	slayer
sleaze	şaş
sleazy	şewitandin
sled	NO TRANSLATION
sledding	sledding
sledge	sembolê
sledgehammer	sembolker
sleek	sleek
sleep	xew
sleeper	xew
sleeping	şewitandin
sleepless	bêlez
sleeplessness	bêhêz
sleepover	bikişînin
sleepy	xewar
sleepyhead	xewê
sleet	şilope
sleeve	pî
sleeveless	şewitandin
sleigh	şev
sleight	şewitandin
slender	zeîf
sleuth	mirî
slice	kêl
slick	şaş
slicker	zirav
slide	şemitîn
slider	slider
sliding	veşartin
slight	piçûk
slight anticipation	pêşniyazek hûrgelan
slight disgust	piçûk
slight surprise	şaş e
slight trust	baweriya hûrgel
slightly	hinek
slightly negative	hindek negatîf
slightly positive	hinek erênî
slim	zirav
slime	slime
slimy	şewitandin
sling	girêk
slingshot	pûç
slink	dirûşm
slinky	slinky
slip	derpê
slipper	pêlava nav malê
slippers	kevir
slippery	serrast
slit	qelîştok
sliver	sliver
slob	slob
slobber	slobber
slogan	dirûşma
sloop	bêdeng
slop	NO TRANSLATION
slope	kendal
sloppy	bêbal
slot	slot
sloth	dirûşm
slouch	şaş
slough	bikuje
slow	hêdî
slowly	hêdî
slowness	bêhtir
sludge	darizandin
slug	şeytanok
slugger	slugger
sluggish	bêdeng
sluice	dirûşm
slum	mehella belelngazan
slumber	pêdivî ye
slump	şewitandin
slur	slûk
slurp	slûp
slush	herrî
slut	slut
slutty	slutty
sly	qetya
smack	smack
small	biçûk
smaller	piçûk
smallest	piçûk
smallpox	piçûk
smart	baqil
smartass	smartass
smarten	smarten
smarty	şehîd
smash	zorbirin
smashed	şikandin
smattering	şikandin
smear	dohnkirin
smell	bîn
smelling	bîhnxweş
smelly	bîhnxweş
smelt	bîhnxweş
smidgen	smidgen
smile	kenn
smiled	kişandin
smiles	bişikirin
smiley	smiley
smiling	bişirim
smirk	smirk
smite	kişandin
smith	smith
smithereens	smithereens
smitten	şikilandin
smock	bêdeng
smog	smog
smoke	dixan
smoker	bîhnxweş
smokey	smokey
smoking	vexwarinê
smoky	smoky
smoldering	kişandin
smooch	smooch
smooth	serrast
smoothie	smoothie
smoothly	hêsan
smoothness	hişk
smother	vetisîn
smudge	kişandin
smug	smug
smuggle	reşderbaskirin
smuggler	qaçaxçeyê
smuggling	qaçaxçeyê
smut	smut
snack	xûrekxane
snacks	snack
snafu	snafu
snag	snag
snags	qirêj
snail	şeytanok
snake	mar
snakes	snakes
snakeskin	snakeskin
snap	snap
snapper	snapper
snappy	şikir
snapshot	snapshot
snare	qirêj
snarl	snarl
snarling	şaş
snatch	veşartin
snatcher	snatcher
snazzy	snazzy
sneak	bixwarvekişîn
sneaker	sneaker
sneakers	sneakers
sneaking	sneaking
sneaky	şerm
sneer	şaş
sneeze	pişkîn
sneezing	şikandin
snicker	şêrîn
snide	spî
sniff	şaş
snip	snip
snipe	snipe
sniper	segman
snippet	snippet
snippy	spî
snitch	snitch
snob	snob
snoop	vekin
snoopy	snoopy
snooty	snooty
snooze	snooze
snore	xûrxûrkirin
snorkel	snorkel
snort	snort
snot	snot
snotty	qirêj
snout	snout
snow	berf
snowball	snowball
snowboard	snowboard
snowboarder	snowboarder
snowday	şevê
snowfall	zivistanê
snowflake	snowflake
snowing	berfkirin
snowmageddon	snowmageddon
snowman	snowman
snowplow	şewitandin
snowstorm	şewitandin
snowy	birçîbûnê
snub	snub
snubbed	veşartî
snuff	snuff
snug	snug
snuggle	bikişînin
snuggled	şaş kirin
snuggles	dirûşm
snuggling	qirêj
soak	nermkirin
soaked	veqetandin
soaking	şewitandin
soangry	NO TRANSLATION
soannoyed	NO TRANSLATION
soap	sabûn
soapbox	soapbox
soapy	soapy
soar	çêdike
soaring	çêdike
sob	NO TRANSLATION
sober	berbiçav
soblessed	NO TRANSLATION
sobriety	sobriety
soc	sosyal
soccer	gog
sociable	civatşên
social	civatî
socialanxiety	NO TRANSLATION
socialism	sosyalîzm
socialist	sosyalîst
socialite	civakî
socialize	sosyalîzmê
society	civat
sociology	sosolojiya
sociopath	sociopath
sock	şewitandin
socket	çarçowe
sod	sod
soda	soda
soda/pop	soda / pop
sodding	sodding
sodium	sodium
sofa	qenepe
soft	nerm
softball	softball
soften	nerm
softener	nerm
softening	nerm
softly	nerm
softness	nerm
software	nivîsbar
soggy	soggy
sohappy	wisa dilxweş
soil	erd
soiled	şaş
soiree	xilas
sojourn	dilsoz
solace	solace
solar	sedsala
solarium	solarium
solder	solder
soldering	soldering
soldier	leşker
sole	binpê
solemn	dilsoz
solicit	lêpirsîn
solicitation	lêpirsîn
solicitor	parêzkar
solid	liserxwe
solidarity	piştgiriya
solidification	xurtkirina
solidified	xurt kirin
solidify	xurt bikin
solidity	xurt
solitaire	solîtaire
solitary	tenê
solitude	tenêbûnî
solo	solo
solubility	tevlîhevkirinê
soluble	şewitandin
solucky	solokî
solution	çare
solve	çareserkirin
solvency	solvency
solvent	solvent
somad	NO TRANSLATION
somatic	somatîkî
somber	xemgîn
some anticipation	hinek pêşniyarkirin
some disgust	hinek hêrs
some surprise	hinek şaş
some trust	hinek bawerî
somersault	somersault
somethingigetalot	NO TRANSLATION
somewhat negative	hinek negatîf
somewhat positive	tiştek erênî
somuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
son	kur
sonar	sonar
sonata	sonata
sonervous	NO TRANSLATION
song	Stran
songwriter	stranger
sonic	kurê
sonice	NO TRANSLATION
sonnet	sonnet
sonorous	kurê
soot	şewitandin
soothe	şaş
soothing	bîhnxweş
sophisticated	sophisticated
sophistication	sophistication
sophomore	sophomore
sopissed	NO TRANSLATION
soppy	soppy
soprano	soprano
sorcerer	sêrbaz
sorcery	xerîb
sordid	sordid
sore	birîn
soready	soready
sorely	xemgîn
soreness	xemgîniyê
sorghum	sorghum
sorority	xemgîniyê
sorrow	kûl
sorrowful	xemgîniyê
sorry	bibore
sort	jiberhevxistin
sorter	NO TRANSLATION
sortie	NO TRANSLATION
sorting	dabeşkirin
sos	NO TRANSLATION
soscared	soscared
soscary	soscary
soslow	soslo
sostressed	NO TRANSLATION
sosweet	gelek şîrîn
sothankful	NO TRANSLATION
sou	NO TRANSLATION
soul	rûh
soulful	ruhê
soulless	sond
soulmate	ruhê
sound	rengdan
sounding	dengê
soundness	dilsoz
soundproof	şaş
soundtrack	dengek
soup	şorbe
sour	tirş
source	kanî
sourpuss	xwar
south	başûr
southbound	başûr
southeast	başûr
southern	başûrî
southpaw	başûrê
southwest	başûrê rojavayê
souvenir	dîyarî
sovereign	serwer
sovereignty	hukumetê
soviet	soviet
sow	rûnê
soy	soy
soy sauce	soy sauce
soybean	soybean
spa	spa
space	dem
spacecraft	ajoteka asûmanî
spaceman	spaceman
spaceship	cihekî
spacing	spacing
spacious	mezin
spade	spade
spaghetti	spaghetti
spam	spam
spammers	spammers
span	NO TRANSLATION
spandex	spandex
spaniel	spaniel
spank	spank
spanking	spanking
spar	spar
spare	spare
spareribs	spareribs
sparingly	zehf
spark	çirûsk
sparkle	sparkle
sparkling	sparkling
sparkly	sparkly
sparring	xistin
sparrow	sparrow
sparse	şaş
spasm	spasm
spastic	spastic
spat	spat
spatial	spatial
spatter	belav dikin
spatula	spatula
spawn	spawn
spaz	spaz
speak	axaftin
speakeasy	speakeasy
speaker	hoparlo
speakerphone	speakerphone
speaking	axaftin
spear	tîr
spec	spec
special	taybetî
specialist	taybetzana
speciality	xûreka taybetî
specialize	NO TRANSLATION
specially	taybetî
specialty	xûreka taybetî
specie	NO TRANSLATION
species	cureyên
specific	taybetî
specification	taybetmendiyê
specify	diyar bikin
specimen	perçê ceribandinê
speck	xerîb
speckled	xelet
specs	xerîb
spectacle	spî
spectacles	xeyalan
spectacular	balkêş
spectator	xerîb
specter	spî
spectral	xerîb
spectrometer	spokromrometer
spectrophotometer	spectrophotometer
spectroscopy	spokroscopy
spectrum	spectrum
speculate	fêdedîtin
speculation	fêdedîtinî
speculative	spas
speculum	spululum
speech	axaftin
speechless	bêziman
speed	zûbûnî
speedboat	speedboat
speedily	lezgîn
speeding	lezgîn
speedometer	rêpîv
speedway	lezgîn
speedy	zûtirîn
spell	sihêr
spellbound	spellbound
spelling	rastnivîs
spencer	spencer
spend	xerckirin
spender	spender
spending	mesrefê
spent	derbas kirin
sperm	sperm
spew	spew
sphere	qada
spherical	spherîk
sphincter	çerm
sphinx	sphinx
spic	spic
spice	biharat
spicy	biharatî
spider	pîrê
spiders	spî
spiffy	spily
spigot	spigot
spike	spike
spiked	xist
spiky	spiky
spill	rijandin
spillin	NO TRANSLATION
spin	hûnîn
spinach	îspenax
spinal	spinal
spindle	spindle
spine	movik
spineless	bêhêz
spinner	spinner
spinning	qirikê
spinster	spinster
spiny	spî
spiral	lihevgerya
spire	spire
spirit	rewş
spirited	spirît
spirits	ruhên
spiritual	fikrî
spirituality	ruhanî
spit	tûkirin
spite	vekin
spiteful	direş
spitfire	spitfire
spittoon	spittoon
splash	derzşkirin
splat	parçe
splatter	perçe
spleen	telaq
splendid	birqok
splendor	şêrîn
splice	perçe
spline	xistin
splint	hesinê tirênê
splinter	kûrtal
split	qelişandin
splitting	parçe
splurge	perçe
spoil	delalîkirin
spoiler	xistin
spoiling	şaş
spoils	çêdike
spoke	axivî
spoken	axaftin
spokesman	berdevkê
spokesperson	berdevkê
sponge	singer
spongy	spongy
sponsor	alîkar
sponsorship	sponsor
spontaneity	neheqiyê
spontaneous	bixwe
spoof	şewitandin
spook	xistin
spooky	xerîb
spool	spool
spoon	kevçî
spoonful	spoonful
sporadic	hemane
spore	qirêj
sport	sîpor
sporting	sporê
sports	sporê
sports car	otomobîlan
sportsman	bedenparêz
sportsmanship	sîporî
sportswriter	sporê
sporty	sîporî
spot	leke
spotless	bêleke
spotlight	balkêş
spotted	xuya kirin
spotter	xerîb
spotty	lekyî
spousal	kişandin
spouse	jin
spout	bifikirin
sprain	velistî
sprawl	çûk
spray	pejiqandin
spread	belakirin
spreader	belavkirin
spree	dilsoz
spring	bihar
springtime	zivistanê
sprinkle	pijiqandin
sprinkler	veşartî
sprinkling	veşartin
sprint	sprint
sprite	sprite
sprout	bifikirin
spruce	spruce
spud	spud
spunk	qirêj
spunky	spunky
spur	spur
spurious	bêhtir
spurred	xistin
spurt	lez
spy	xefî
squabble	xemgîn
squad	çûne
squadron	hêz
squall	tîrêj
squamous	xemgîn
squander	dorpêç
square	meydan
squash	avêtin
squat	dorpêç
squatter	çêdike
squaw	tîrêj
squawk	dorpêç
squeak	qirçîn
squeaky	xwar
squeal	salkal
squealer	squealer
squeamish	şaş
squeeze	pêlêkirin
squeezing	derxistin
squelch	dorpêç
squid	masî mirekeb
squint	çêdibe
squire	tîrêj
squirm	çêdike
squirrel	sihorîk
squirt	xemgîn
squish	veşartin
squishy	xemgîn
stab	têrekirin
stabbed	veşartin
stability	nehejî
stabilize	zexmkirin
stabilizer	stabilizer
stable	stewr
staccato	staccato
stack	lod
stadium	stadyom
staff	darik
stag	stag
stage	şanocî
stagecoach	stagecoach
stagehand	asteng
stagger	lerzîn
staggering	xemgîniyê
stagnant	sekinî
stagnation	stagnation
staid	stêdan
stain	leke
stained	dirûşm
stainless	stenbolê
stair	stir
staircase	kevir
stairs	pêlik
stairway	stairway
stairwell	stairwell
stake	parçeyek
stakeout	tevlihev
stale	stale
stalemate	stalemate
stalk	stalk
stalker	stalker
stall	axûr
stallion	stallion
stalls	stols
stalwart	stalwart
stamina	berxwedanî
stamp	mor
stampede	stampede
stance	helwesta
stand	serpêsekinîn
standard	wek herdem
standardize	yekkirin
standardized	standardîzekirin
standby	amade be
standing	rawesta
standoff	rawestandin
standpoint	nîqaş
standstill	pêdivî ye
standup	rabe
stanza	stanza
staph	staph
staple	staple
stapler	stapler
star	stêrk
star fruit	stêr xist
starboard	pêşîya gemîyê
starch	qawet
stardom	stardom
stardust	stardust
stare	ziqnerrîn
starfish	avstêrk
stargazing	stargazing
staring	xerîb
stark	stark
starlet	stêr
starlight	stêr
starling	stêrîn
starry	birçîbûnê
stars	stêr
starship	stêr
start	destpêkirin
starter	starter
startle	tirsîn
startled	zû
startling	destpêkirin
starvation	ji naza mirin
starve	birçîman
starved	birçîbûnê
starving	birçîbûnê
stash	hilweşînin
stat	stat
state	rewş
stately	zû
statement	îfade
stateroom	stateroom
stateside	dewletide
statesman	dewlet
static	static
staticky	NO TRANSLATION
statics	stateyên
station	meydan
stationary	çikandî
stationery	qereqolê
statistic	statîstîk
statistical	statîstîk
statistician	statîstîstan
stator	stator
statuary	statûyê
statue	pût
statuette	statuya
stature	stêjeyê
status	cî
statute	qanûn
statutory	qanûnî
staunch	staunch
stave	stave
stay	mayin
stayaway	NO TRANSLATION
stayed	bimîne
stays	dimîne
stead	veşartin
steadfast	dilsoz
steady	berdewam dike
steak	steak
steakhouse	steakhouse
steal	dizîn
stealing	dizîn
stealth	bêdeng
stealthily	bêdeng
stealthy	bêdeng
steam	bixar
steamboat	stamboat
steamer	steamer
steaming	hilweşandin
steamroller	steamroller
steamship	hilweşandin
steamy	bixarî
steel	pola
steep	tûj
steeple	hilweşandin
steer	hefsarkirin
steering	hefsar
stellar	stellar
stem	qam
stench	stench
stencil	stencil
stenographer	stenographer
step	gav
stepdaughter	pêdivî ye
stepfather	bamarî
stepmother	dêmarî
steppe	gav
steps	gav
stepson	stepson
stereo	dûdeng
stereoscopic	stereoscopic
stereotype	stereotype
stereotyped	dorpêkirin
sterile	paqij
sterility	neheqiyê
sterilize	paqijkirin
sterling	sterling
stern	pêşî
sternum	sternum
steroid	steroid
stethoscope	stethoscope
stew	stew
steward	karkerê balafirê
stewardess	karkera balafirê
stewardship	bîhnfirehiyê
stfu	stfu
stick	dar
sticker	lezaqok
sticking	veşartin
stickler	stalkar
stickup	stupup
sticky	lezeqî
stiff	hişk
stiffen	hişk
stiffness	stiffness
stifle	stifle
stifled	xistin
stifling	stifling
stigma	stigma
stile	NO TRANSLATION
stiletto	stiletto
stillbirth	hêbirth
stillborn	zû
stillness	hebûn
stillwaiting	NO TRANSLATION
stilts	stilts
stimulant	berbiçav
stimulate	mizdan
stimulating	veguhestin
stimulation	bicankirinî
stimulus	stimulus
sting	pêvedan
stinger	stinger
stinging	sting
stingy	stingy
stink	bînbed
stinker	şaş
stinking	şikandin
stinky	hêrs
stint	stint
stipend	xistin
stipulate	derxistin
stipulation	peyda kirin
stir	lihevxistin
stirring	xistin
stitch	stitch
stitching	dirûşm
stock	embar
stockade	stûyê
stockbroker	stockbroker
stockholder	bargêrkerê
stocking	hilgirtin
stockings	gore
stockpile	hilberîn
stockroom	xanî
stocks	firotanê
stoic	stoic
stole	dizî
stolen	dizîn
stomach	made
stomachache	made êş
stomp	stomp
stomped	stomped
stone	kevir
stoned	stoned
stonewall	stonewall
stoneware	stoneware
stony	stony
stooge	stûge
stool	stool
stools	stools
stoop	vekin
stoopid	stoopid
stop	rawestan
stopover	rawestandina
stoppage	stoppage
stopper	girtok
stopping	rawestandin
stopwatch	rawestandin
storage	embarkirinî
store	dikan
storefront	dikir
storehouse	xanî
storeroom	embar
storing	digirin
storm	bahoz
storming	êrîşî
stormy	bahozane
story	Çîrok
storybook	çîrokek
storyteller	çîrokek
storytelling	çîrok
stound	avêtin
stout	stout
stove	sobe
stow	stow
stowaway	stowaway
straddle	berbiçav
straight	rast
straighten	rastkirin
straightforward	rasterast
straightway	rasterast
strain	kedxwarî
strained	tengahî
strait	deryateng
straitjacket	straitjacket
straits	straits
strand	serhildanê
stranded	şaş kirin
strange	xerîb
stranger	xerîb
strangle	xeniqandin
strangulation	hûrgelan
strap	strap
strapless	hişk
strapping	xistin
strata	strata
strategic	stratejîk
strategist	stratejîst
strategy	stratejîk
stratification	stratification
stratosphere	stratosphere
stratum	stratum
stratus	strate
straw	sap
strawberry	tû
stray	şaş
streak	stêrk
streaked	tûj
stream	herrok
streamer	çêdike
streaming	streaming
streamline	binivîse
street	rêgah
streetcar	trambahn
streetlight	kolanan
strength	qawet
strengthen	hêzkirin
strengthening	bihêzkirin
strenuous	zehmetker
strep	strep
stress	dûbare
stressed	xurt kirin
stresses	xurt dike
stressfree	NO TRANSLATION
stressful	zordar
stressin	NO TRANSLATION
stressing	balkêş
stressrelief	NO TRANSLATION
stretch	dirêjkirin
stretcher	sellace
stricken	zehmet
strict	zexma
stride	berbiçav
strife	tengahiyê
strike	karberdan
strikeout	grev
striker	striker
striking	balkêş
strikingly	balkêş
string	ben
strings	kevir
stringy	xurt
strip	veşartin
stripe	tîrêj
striped	pêdivî ye
stripped	veşartî
stripper	kişandin
striptease	striptease
strive	xwestin
strobe	strobe
stroke	stroke
stroll	bikişîne
stroller	stroller
strolling	çêdike
strong	qewî
stronghold	cihekî
strongly	xurt
structural	struktural
structure	awayî
strudel	strudel
struggle	şerr
strut	strut
stub	stub
stubbed	til
stubble	stalk
stubborn	hişk
stubbornness	zehmetiyê
stubby	stûby
stucco	stucco
stuck	rawestandin
stuckup	NO TRANSLATION
stud	stud stud
studded	studded
student	zankoyî
studied	xwendin
studio	studio
study	xwendina zanko
stuff	caw
stuffed animal	heywanên pijandî
stuffing	navî
stuffy	xilas
stumble	likûmîn
stump	serkor
stumped	stumped
stun	stun
stunned	veşartî
stunner	stunner
stunning	şaş
stunt	stunt
stunted	bêdeng kirin
stuntman	stuntman
stupefaction	stupefaction
stupefy	şaş
stupendous	bêdeng
stupid	balûle
stupidity	balûletî
stupidpeople	NO TRANSLATION
stupidrain	NO TRANSLATION
stupor	stupor
sturdy	xurt
sturgeon	storgeon
stutter	lalîn
sty	stî
style	awayî
styling	styl
stylish	sosyal
stylist	stylist
suave	suave
sub	sub
subatomic	subatomîk
subcommittee	subcommittee
subconscious	berbiçav
subcutaneous	berbiçav
subdivide	subdivide
subdivision	subdivision
subduction	veguherîn
subdue	berbiçav
subdued	derxistin
subdural	navendî
subito	NO TRANSLATION
subject	mijar
subjected	binçavkirin
subjection	mijara
subjective	nezerî
subjugation	şewitandin
sublet	jêrîn
sublevel	berbiçav
sublimation	sublimation
sublime	berbiçav
subliminal	subliminal
submarine	bota binavê
submerge	binavçûn
submerged	şewitandin
submersible	berbiçav
submission	binxwekirinî
submissive	gûhlê
submit	nermijîn
submitting	şandin
subordinate	binçavkirin
subordination	dabeşkirin
subplot	jêrîn
subpoena	dawetname
subscribe	beşdar bikin
subscriber	pêdivî ye
subscription	abonetî
subsequence	paşê
subsequent	lipê
subsequently	paşê
subservient	xwedan
subset	berbiçav
subside	tevlihev
subsidence	aborî
subsidiary	şîrketa girêdayî
subsidize	piştgirtin
subsidy	alî
subsist	bistîne
subsistence	xemgîniyê
subsoil	berbiçav
subspace	perçeyek
substance	navik
substandard	nerast
substantial	girîng e
substantially	girîng
substantiate	nirxandin
substantive	girîng
substation	veguhestinê
substitute	diberdasitin
substituted	veguherîn
substitution	veguherîn
substructure	avahîtiyê
subterranean	perestayî
subtext	berbiçav
subtitle	binnivîs
subtle	berbiçav
subtlety	perçeyek
subtract	jêkêmkirin
subtraction	jexistinî
subtype	celeb
suburb	bergûnd
suburban	bajêr
suburbia	suburbia
suburbs	deverên
subversion	berbiçav
subversive	veguherîn
subvert	veguherînin
subway	tirêna binerdî
succeed	serketin
succeeding	serketinê
success	serketinî
successful	serfiraz
succession	serkeftinê
successive	li pêhev
successor	karkera li pêhat
succinct	xurt
succubus	succubus
succulent	xilas
succumb	şaş
suck	mêtin
sucker	xwarin
sucking	xwarinê
suckling	xwarin
sucks	bikişîne
suction	mête
sudden	nişka
suddenly	nişkê
suds	suds
sue	dozkirin
suede	sede
suffer	êşkişîn
sufferer	cefayê
suffering	tengahiyê
suffice	nebe
sufficiency	bêhtir
sufficient	bese
sufficiently	baş
suffix	pêdivî ye
suffocate	fetisîn
suffocating	hilweşînin
suffocation	fetis
sugar	îekir
suggest	pêşniyar dikin
suggestion	pêşnîyar
suggestive	pêşniyar
suicidal	xwekujî
suicide	xwekûştinî
suicidebombing	NO TRANSLATION
suit	qat
suitable	lêtê
suitcase	bahol
suite	suite
suitor	suitor
sulfate	sulfate
sulfur	sulfur
sulk	sulk
sullen	sullen
sully	sully
sulphur	sulfur
sultan	sultan
sultry	çolê
sum	giş
summarily	kurtasî
summarize	bihevrekirin
summary	berhevkirinî
summation	hevdîtinê
summer	havîn
summerhouse	kursiyê
summertime	summertime
summit	ser
summon	gazîkirin
summons	gazîname
sumo	sumo
sump	sump
sumptuous	xemgîn
sun	tav
sunbeam	sunbeam
sunburn	şewata tavê
sundae	sundae
sunday	Yekşem
sundial	sundial
sundown	şewitandin
sundry	paqij
sunflower	sunflower
sunglass	sunglass
sunglasses	sunglasses
sunk	rojav
sunken	hişk
sunless	berbiçav
sunlight	şevê
sunny	ro
sunrise	rohilatî
sunroof	sunroof
sunscreen	kêşan
sunset	roava
sunshine	tîrêja tavê
suntan	suntan
sunup	rojav
sup	sup
super	yekemxweş
superannuation	xilas
superb	şahî
superficial	astarî
superfluous	bêhtir
superhero	superhero
superhuman	dilsoz
superimposed	xurt kirin
superintendent	superintendent
superior	baştir
superiority	serketinî
superlative	superlative
superman	superman
supermarket	dikana mezin
supermodel	supermodel
supernatant	supernatant
supernatural	cewherî
supernova	supernova
superposition	xurtkirin
superpower	hêzdar
supersede	hilweşînin
superstar	superstar
superstition	reşbawerî
superstitious	reşbawer
superstore	superstore
supervise	gûhliserbûn
supervision	gûhliserî
supervisor	gûhliser
supper	şîv
suppertime	suppertime
supplant	bistînin
supple	nerm
supplement	zêdayî
supplemental	pêdivî ye
supplementary	temamî
supplication	ditirsin
supplier	şandevan
supplies	peyda kirin
supply	erzaq
support	alîkarî
supported	piştgirî kirin
supporter	piştevanîya
supporters	alîgiran
supporting	piştevanîya
supportive	piştevanîya
suppose	bawerkirin
supposed	guman
supposing	spas kirin
supposition	spas
suppress	bindestkirin
suppression	zordariyê
supremacy	serketinî
supreme	bilindtirîn
supremely	berbiçav
surcharge	pêdan
sure	emîn
surety	ewlehî
surf	surf
surface	rû
surfboard	surfboard
surfer	surfer
surge	zêdebûna
surgeon	emelîkar
surgery	emelî
surgical	emelî
surly	surly
surmise	xemgîniyê
surname	paşnav
surpassing	berbiçav
surplus	zêdeyî
surprise	nişkeşayî
surprised	şaş kirin
surprises	ecêb
surprising	nişkevaşakir
surprisingly	ecêb
surreal	surreal
surrender	teslîmkirinî
surrendering	şewitandin
surrogate	lêpirsîn
surround	dorgirtî
surrounding	derdorê
surroundings	dorhalî
surveillance	kontrol
survey	lêkolîn
surveying	lêkolîn
surveyor	surveyor
survival	jîyanî
survive	jîyan
surviving	dijîn
survivor	saxma
susceptibility	hestiyariyê
susceptible	neheq
sushi	sushi
suspect	bişik
suspected	gumanbar
suspend	dardekirin
suspended	rawestandin
suspenders	sekinandin
suspense	dexsî
suspension	dardekirinî
suspicion	şik
suspicions	gumanbaran
suspicious	nebawer
sustain	lêxwedîderketin
sustained	domdar
sustenance	dewlemendiyê
suture	suture
suv	suv
sux	NO TRANSLATION
swab	swab
swag	paqij
swagger	xerîb
swallow	nerm
swami	swami
swamp	avî
swamped	xweş kirin
swampy	şermî
swan	swan
swank	swank
swap	swap
swarm	naxir
swarming	xurt kirin
swastika	swastika
swat	swat
sway	berbiçav
swear	nifirkirin
swearing	sond bikin
sweat	xwêdan
sweater	kenze
sweating	xwarinê
sweatshirt	xwarinê
sweatshop	xwarinê
sweaty	xwarinê
sweep	maltin
sweeper	paqij
sweeping	veşartin
sweet	şêrîn
sweeten	şêrîn
sweetened	şêrîn
sweetener	şêrîn
sweetest	dilxweş
sweetheart	kêfxweş
sweetie	şîrîn
sweetness	şêrînî
sweets	şîrîn
swell	werimîn
swelling	nepixok
sweltering	şewitandin
swerve	swerve
swift	lez
swiftly	bi lez
swig	tîrêj
swill	şewitandin
swim	ajnêkirin
swimmer	swimmer
swimming	çerm
swimsuit	swimsuit
swindle	şewitandin
swindler	swindler
swine	berazan
swing	hejandin
swinger	swinger
swinging	şewitandin
swipe	şewitandin
swirl	şewitandin
swish	şewitandin
switch	gûherr
switchblade	switchblade
switchboard	switchboard
swivel	qirêj
swollen	werimî
swoon	şûn
swoop	veşartin
sword	şûr
swordfish	şûr
swordplay	şûr
swordsman	xerîb
sycamore	berbiçav
syllable	sîllable
syllabus	syllabus
symbiotic	sembiotic
symbol	nîşan
symbolic	nîşane
symbolically	sembolîk
symbolism	sembolîzma
symbolize	sembolîzmê
symmetric	symmetric
symmetrical	hevpeyman
symmetry	hevpeymaniyê
sympathetic	pêrehiskir
sympathize	pêrehiskirin
sympathy	pêrehis
symphonic	symphonic
symphony	symphony
symposium	sempozyona
symptom	xûya
symptomatic	nîşanek
synagogue	hewra
synapse	hevrêz
synaptic	synaptic
sync	sync
synchronize	synchronize
synchronous	synchronous
syncope	syncope
syndicate	hevdû
syndrome	xûya
synergistic	synergistic
synergy	hevkariyê
synod	kinîştê
synonym	navwekhev
synonymous	hevpeyman
synopsis	synopsis
synoptic	synoptîk
syntax	syntax
synthesis	peyman
synthesizer	synthesizer
synthetic	sûnî
syphilis	sifîlîs
syringe	derzî
syrup	şerbet
system	sîstem
systematic	sîstemî
systematically	sîstematîk
t-shirt	t-shirt
tab	tablo
tabasco	tabasco
tabby	tablo
tabernacle	konê
table	mêz
tableau	NO TRANSLATION
tablecloth	sifrê
tablespoon	çermê
tablet	heb
tableware	masê
tabloid	tabloid
taboo	taboo
tabular	tabul
tabulate	dagirkirin
tabulation	tabloya
tachometer	tachometer
tacit	tacit
tack	pênûs
tackle	çêdibe
tackled	têde kirin
tackling	tedbîrên
tacky	teng
taco	taco
tact	aw
tactful	bihemd
tactic	taktîk
tactical	hemdîn
tactics	hemdî
tactile	taktîk
tad	NO TRANSLATION
tadpole	tadpole
taffeta	taffeta
taffy	tirsek
tag	tag
tail	terrî
tailed	têde
tailgate	tewra
tailings	pêkanîn
taillight	taillight
tailor	lebaskar
tailoring	xemgîniyê
tailpipe	tîrêj
taint	neheqî
take	wergirtin
takeoff	rabûn
takeout	kêşana derve
takeover	desthilatdarî
taker	xerîb
talcum	talcum
tale	gotûbêj
talent	jîrî
talented	dilxwaz
talisman	talisman
talk	axaftin
talkative	axaftin
talker	axaftin
tall	mezin
tallies	tallies
tallow	tilî
tally	tilî
talon	talon
talons	NO TRANSLATION
tambourine	tambourine
tame	NO TRANSLATION
tamer	tamer
taming	têde
tamper	kişandin
tampon	tampon
tan	tavrengî
tandem	tandem
tang	tang
tangent	tangent
tangerine	tangerine
tangible	tengible
tangle	tengle
tangled	teng
tango	tango
tank	depo
tank top	top tank
tanker	tankêr
tanned	tedbîran
tantalizing	tantalîzasyonê
tantamount	xemgîn
tantrum	tantrum
taoism	taoîzmê
tap	dîk
tape	lezaq
tape measure	pîvana tape
taper	sifrê
tapering	kêmtirîn
tapestry	tepestiyê
tapeworm	tepeworm
tapioca	tapioca
taps	tûj
tar	zift
tarantula	pilindir
tardiness	xemgîniyê
tardy	tardy
target	armanc
targeted	armanc kirin
targeting	armanc
tariff	nasdanî
tarmac	tarmac
tarnish	xemgîn
tarot	tarot
tarp	NO TRANSLATION
tarry	tariyê
tart	tart
tartan	tartan
tartar	tartar
task	karî
tassel	tassel
taste	tam
tasteful	birtam
tasteless	bêtam
tasting	bîhnxweş
tasty	tamxweş
tat	tat
tattler	tattler
tattletale	tattletale
tattoo	deq
taught	hîn kirin
taunt	xemgîniyê
taupe	taupe
taut	taut
tavern	tavern
tawdry	tawîdiyê
tawny	tawny
tax	bac
taxed	bacê ye
taxi	texsî
taxicab	taxicab
taxonomy	bacgiriyê
taxpayer	bacê
tea	çay
teach	hînkirin
teacher	mamoste
teaching	hînkirin
teacup	teacup
teahouse	diranan
teal	teal
team	kom
teamjesus	NO TRANSLATION
teammate	televîzyonê
teamwork	komkar
teapot	teapot
tear	hêsir
tearful	tirsnak
tearsofjoy	NO TRANSLATION
teary	teor
tease	tewzpêkirin
teaser	teaser
teasing	teze
teaspoon	xwarinê
teat	gûhan
teatime	teatime
tech	tech
technical	teknîkî
technicality	awaşaşî
technician	teknîker
technique	teknîk
techno	teknîkî
technological	teknîkî
technology	teknolocî
ted	tedbîran
teddy bear	pê kêfê bikin
tedious	hişk
tedium	tedium
tee	tee
teeming	teşwîq
teen	ciwan
teenage	ciwan
teenager	ciwan
teens	ciwan
teensy	teensy
teeny	ciwan
teeth	diranan
teething	teze
teflon	teflon
telegram	têlxiram
telegraph	têlxiraf
telekinesis	telekinesis
telemetry	telemetry
telepathic	telepathîk
telepathy	telepathy
telephone	telefûn
telescope	lûla dûrdîtinê
telescopic	telescopîk
telethon	telethon
teletype	teletype
televised	televîzyonê
television	televîzyon
tell	gotin
teller	axaftinê
telling	bêje
telltale	bêje
temp	temp
temper	bitrî
tempera	nefret
temperament	dilsoz
temperamental	kêfgûherr
temperance	tewrê
temperate	xweş
temperature	germî
tempered	xweş
tempest	tengahî
template	Şablon
temple	olxane
tempo	NO TRANSLATION
temporal	demjimêr
temporarily	demjimêr
temporary	derbasî
tempt	cerribandin
temptation	dilbijînî
tempting	dilkêş
temptress	temptress
ten	deh
tenable	kiryar
tenacious	xurt
tenacity	berbiçav
tenancy	kirêdariyê
tenant	kirêdar
tend	dikin
tendency	meyil
tender	tenik
tenderfoot	tenderfoot
tenderness	cinsî
tending	deyn kirin
tendon	jî
tenement	kirêdar
tenet	rêzik
tenets	rêbazên
tenfold	dehfold
tennis	tenîs
tenor	tenor
tense	kêşî
tensile	tensile
tension	kêşî
tent	kon
tentacle	konê
tentative	demok
tenth	dehem
tenths	deh
tenuous	xurt
tenure	karûbarê
tepee	tepee
tepid	tepid
tequila	tequila
teriyaki	teriyaki
term	îfade
terminal	rawesta paşîn
terminate	xelaskirin
termination	xelasî
terminator	termînator
terminology	bêjezanî
terminus	termînus
termite	gêrîk
terms	şertên
tern	tern
ternary	ternary
terrace	dik
terrain	erd
terrestrial	gerîla
terrible	tirsgiran
terribly	dilperçeker
terrier	terrier
terrific	xofane
terrified	tirsiyan
terrifies	terrifies
terrify	tirsandin
terrifying	tirsda
territorial	erdê
territory	herêm
terror	teror
terrorism	terorîzm
terrorist	terorîst
terrorists	terorîst
terrorize	terorkirin
terse	berbiçav
tertiary	tertiary
test	îmtîhan
testament	vesîyet
testicle	gûn
testicular	testicular
testify	îfadedan
testimonial	şahidiyê
testimony	îfada şahîd
testosterone	testosterone
testy	NO TRANSLATION
tetanus	tetanus
tether	heval
tethered	têde
tetrahedral	tetrahedral
text	nivîstok
textbook	pirtûka hînkirinê
textile	tekstîlê
textural	textural
texture	awa
tgif	tgif
thank	sipaskirin
thankful	sipasdar
thankgod	thankgod
thanking	spas kirin
thankless	nankor
thanks	spas
thanksalot	NO TRANSLATION
thanksgiving	spasdar
thankyougod	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoujesus	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoulord	NO TRANSLATION
thatch	thatch
thatmoment	NO TRANSLATION
thaumaturgy	thaumaturgy
thaw	helîn
theater	şano
theatrical	theatrical
theatrics	theatrics
thebest	baştirîn
theft	dizîn
theism	îslamî
theistic	pispor
thelife	jiyan
thelittlethings	NO TRANSLATION
theme	mijad
theocracy	pisokrasiyê
theocratic	berbiçav
theologian	zanist
theological	olîolojî
theology	theology
theorem	theorem
theoretical	teorîk
theory	dîtinî
therapeutic	dermanan
therapeutics	dermanan
therapist	derman
therapy	noşîkerî
thereabouts	wir
thereof	wê
therewith	vê yekê
thermal	thermal
thermocouple	thermocouple
thermodynamics	thermodynamics
thermometer	termomîter
thermos	thermos
thermostat	thermostat
thesaurus	thesaurus
thesis	nezer
thick	zixt
thicken	kurt kirin
thickening	kişandin
thicket	bilêtan
thickness	qewîtî
thief	diz
thigh	çîp
thimble	tilîkovik
thin	zirav
thing	tişt
things	tiştan
thingy	tiştek
think	ponijîn
thinker	fikirer
thinking	difikirin
third	sêyem
thirds	sêyemîn
thirst	tîbûnî
thirsty	tî
thirteen	sêzdeh
thirteenth	sêzdehem
thirty	sih
thistle	thistle
thither	li wir
thong	teng
thorn	kelem
thorny	zirav
thorough	bingehî
thoroughbred	berbiçav
thoroughfare	rêwîtiyê
thought	pojin
thoughtful	bibal
thoughtfulness	fikirîn
thoughtless	bêheş
thoughts	fikrên
thousand	hezar
thrash	şewitandin
thread	dezî
threat	tirsavêtinî
threaten	çavtirsandin
threatened	tehdît kirin
threatening	tehdît kirin
three	sê
threefold	sê
threesome	threesome
thresh	tirsa
threshold	nepxok
thrice	nîv
thrift	xezeb
thrifty	xemgîniyê
thrill	xemgîniyê
thrilled	dilsoz
thriller	tirsek
thrilling	xemgîniyê
thrive	gîhan
thriving	berbiçav
throat	qirrik
throb	liserman
throbbing	qirêj
throes	dirûşm
throne	tac
throng	xurt kirin
throttle	pîdala gazê
throw	avêtin
throwback	bikişînin
thrower	bikişînin
thrown	avêtin
thrush	darizandin
thrust	tirsa
thruster	xemgîniyê
thud	dirûşm
thug	thug
thumb	tilîya meyin
thumbprint	thumbprint
thump	stump
thumper	thumper
thumping	avêtin
thunder	gûrgûr
thunderbolt	thunderbolt
thunderclap	thunderclap
thundering	qirêj
thunderstorm	ewr
thunderstruck	qirêj
thwart	xistin
thx	thx
thyme	thyme
thyroid	tîrmehê
tiara	tiara
tibia	tibia
tic	tic
tick	kêz
ticked	qeçandin
ticker	ticker
ticket	qert
tickle	xûrîk
tickled	veşartin
ticklish	xûrîktê
tidal	zû
tidal wave	pêvên zû
tidbit	tidbit
tide	pêlgirt
tidings	Mizgîniyê
tidy	rêzane
tie	girêdan
tier	tir
tiff	tiff
tiger	piling
tighten	vekişandin
tightness	hişk
tightrope	hişk
tights	şev
tilde	tilde
tile	tile
tiling	tiling
till	NO TRANSLATION
tillage	qeçax
tiller	têr
tilt	tilt
tilting	tewandin
timber	xerîb
timberland	timberland
timbre	timbre
time	dem
timeless	herdem
timeliness	dilsoziyê
timely	demjimêr
timeout	başim
timepiece	timepiece
timer	timer
times	carinan
timetable	dempîlan
timewasters	NO TRANSLATION
timid	fedîkar
timidity	timîm
timing	wextê
tin	NO TRANSLATION
tincture	tincture
tine	NO TRANSLATION
tinfoil	tinfoil
tinge	tinge
tingle	tingle
tingling	tingling
tinker	tinker
tinkering	kişandin
tinkle	NO TRANSLATION
tinkling	tinkling
tinnitus	tinnitus
tinsel	tinsel
tint	tint
tiny	pito
tip	bexşîş
tipper	tipper
tipster	şopandin
tipsy	pêşniyar
tiptoe	tiptoe
tirade	tirade
tire	dûlab
tired	westya
tiredness	tengahî
tiredofit	NO TRANSLATION
tireless	bêhêz
tiresome	tirek
tiring	tiring
tissue	çerm
tistheseason	NO TRANSLATION
tit	tîm
titan	titan
titanic	titanic
titanium	titanium
tithe	xemgîniyê
title	nav
titled	bi navê
titty	titty
titular	NO TRANSLATION
toad	beq
toast	tost
toaster	tosbirajt
toasty	toasty
tobacco	tûtin
toby	zû
tod	zû
today	îro
toddler	toddler
toe	tilîya pê
toenail	nenûka tilîya pê
toffee	toffee
tofu	tofu
toga	NO TRANSLATION
together	bihevra
togetherness	heval
toil	xerîb
toilet	destav
toils	daristanan
token	token
tolerable	têkêş
tolerance	bêhne
tolerant	bêhnfire
tolerate	bêhnfirgirtin
toleration	tolerasyonê
toll	xerc
tomahawk	tomarokê
tomato	bacanê sor
tomatoes	tomar
tomb	gor
tombstone	kevirê gorê
tomcat	tomar
tome	çawa
tomorrow	sibê
ton	NO TRANSLATION
tone	deng
toner	toner
tong	NO TRANSLATION
tongs	ziman
tongue	ziman
tonic	tonîk
tonnage	tonnage
tonsils	tonsil
toocold	NO TRANSLATION
tool	hacet
toolbox	toolbox
tooling	tooling
toomuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
toot	toot
tooth	diran
toothache	diranan
toothbrush	firça diranan
toothed	toothed
toothless	bêguman
toothpaste	merhema diranan
toothpick	kûrdan
toots	cûda
top	lûtik
topaz	topaz
topic	mijar
topical	berbiçav
topless	zehf
topographic	topografîk
topographical	topografîk
topography	erdnîgarî
topple	balkêş
topside	dorpêç
tor	tor
torch	finddar
torment	tade
tormented	tengahî
torn	ketin
tornado	bahîzok
torpedo	torpedo
torque	torque
torrent	torrent
torrid	torrid
torsion	tora
torso	beden
tort	îşkence
tortious	êşkence
tortoise	req
tortuous	êşkence
torture	îşkence
tortured	îşkence kirin
toss	avêtin
tot	NO TRANSLATION
total	hemî
totality	tevahî
totally	giştî
tote	tewrê
totem	totem
touch	pêbûn
touchdown	veguhestinê
touched	veşartin
touching	biheste
touchy	xemgîn
tough	dijwar
toughen	dijwar
toughness	dijwarî
toupee	tîp
tour	sefer
tourism	seferî
tourist	gerrok
tourmaline	turîzmê
tournament	canperî
tourniquet	tourniquet
tout	NO TRANSLATION
tow	pê xweve kişandin
towel	xewlî
tower	birc
towering	berbiçav
town	bajar
townhouse	bajêr
township	bajêr
townspeople	bajarokên
toxic	toxic
toxicity	zordariyê
toxicology	toxicolojiyê
toxin	toxin
toy	lîstok
toymaker	xerîb
trace	kişandin
traceable	balkêş
tracer	tracer
traces	nîşan
trachea	trachea
tracing	trajirandin
track	şop
tracker	tracker
tract	paqij
tractable	xemgîn
traction	cenazeyê
tractor	trektor
trade	bazirganî
trademark	bazirganî
trader	bazirgan
tradesman	bazirganî
trading	bazirganî
tradition	kevneşopî
traditional	kevneşop
traffic	tirafîk
traffic light	lembeya trafîkê
trafficking	bazirganî
tragedies	trajediyan
tragedy	tirajedî
tragic	trajîk
trail	şop
trailer	trimbêla têde tê rûniştin
train	tirên
train set	rêwîtiyê
trained	perwerdekirin
trainee	fêrevan
trainer	fêrker
training	hîndarî
trait	xemgîniyê
traitor	xayin
traitorous	xemgîn
trajectory	pispor
tram	trêna nav bajar
tramp	tolaz
trample	berbiçav
trampoline	trampoline
tramway	tramway
trance	trance
tranquil	paqij
tranquility	aştiyê
tranquilizer	dermanê tevizandinê
transact	veguherîn
transaction	şandindayinî
transatlantic	transatlantic
transceiver	transceiver
transcend	veguherînin
transcendence	berbiçav
transcendent	xerîb
transcendental	tixûb
transcribe	veguherîn
transcriber	şopandin
transcript	veguherîn
transcription	veguherîn
transfer	derbaskirin
transference	veguherîn
transferred	veguhastin
transfixed	veguherîn
transform	veguherînin
transformation	guhertin
transformer	transformer
transfusion	xwîndan
transgression	sûcdar
transient	veguherîn
transistor	transistor
transit	transit
transition	veguherîn
transitional	demkî
transitive	veguherîn
transitory	veguherîn
translate	wergerandin
translation	werger
translator	wergêr
translocation	wergerandin
translucent	berbiçav
transmission	dezgeh
transmit	weşandin
transmitter	transmitter
transmutation	veguhestin
transom	transom
transparency	zelal
transparent	rohnî
transplant	transplant
transplantation	transplantasyonê
transponder	şopandin
transport	neqilkirin
transportation	neqlîye
transporter	transporter
transpose	veguherîn
transposition	veguherîn
transsexual	veguhestin
transverse	veguherîn
transvestite	transvestite
trap	dek
trapdoor	trapdoor
trapeze	trapeze
trapped	xist
trapper	trapper
trapping	bikişînin
trappings	pêdivî ye
traps	traps
trash	zibil
trashy	bêhtir
trauma	şikesta
traumatic	trawmatîk
travail	NO TRANSLATION
travel	gerrîn
traveler	gerrok
traveling	rêwîtiyê
traverse	bikişînin
travesty	qezenc
trawl	trawl
trawler	trawler
tray	temsîk
treacherous	xerîb
treachery	betaliyê
tread	veşartin
treadmill	çîrok
treason	îxanet
treasure	xezîne
treasured	qezenc kirin
treasurer	bacê
treasures	xezencandin
treasury	xezencê
treat	dermankirin
treatable	dermankirin
treatise	peymana
treatment	demankirinî
treaty	peyman
treble	xerîb
tree	dar
trees	darên
trek	trek
trellis	trellis
tremble	cirrifandin
trembling	dilovan
tremendous	tirsîn
tremendously	pir mezin
tremor	tiror
trench	kort
trend	berbiçav
trending	berbiçav
trendy	berbiçav
trepidation	dagirkeriyê
trespass	neheq
triad	triad
triage	tîr
trial	bazarî
triangle	sêqozî
triangular	triangular
triangulate	sêyemîn
triathlon	sêyemîn
tribal	eşîran
tribe	reh
tribulation	tengahî
tribunal	dadgehê
tribune	tribune
tributary	tawanbar
tribute	bedel
trick	fen
trickery	xemgîniyê
trickle	şaş
trickster	trickster
tricky	zehmet
tricycle	tricycle
trident	tridentî
trifle	trifle
trifling	tengling
trig	trî
trigger	kişok
trigonometry	trigonometry
trillion	trîlyon
trilogy	sêyemîn
trim	berbiçav
trimester	trimester
trimmer	trimmer
trimming	bikişînin
trine	trine
trinity	sêyemîn
trinket	trinket
trio	sêyemîn
trip	gerr
tripartite	tripartite
tripe	tripe
triple	sêyemîn
triplet	sêyemîn
triplicate	sêyemîn
tripod	çûne
tripping	sêyemîn
trite	berbiçav
tritium	trîtium
triumph	serketinê
triumphant	serfirazî
trivia	trivia
trivial	berbiçav
troll	troll
trolley	trolley
trombone	trombone
troop	troop
trooper	trooper
troops	alayî
trophy	bîrane
tropic	tropic
tropical	medare
tropics	tropics
trot	tewra
trouble	astengan
troubled	tengahî
troublemaker	zehmetiyê
troubles	tengahiyan
troublesome	tengahî
trough	tarî
troupe	troupe
trousers	şal
trout	masî
trowel	torel
truce	agirbesî
truck	qemyon
trucker	trucker
truckload	truckloadload
truculent	tewulent
true	RAST
truelove	evîna rastî
truffle	trulele
truism	truîzmê
trump	tîrêj
trumpet	trompêt
trumpeter	trumpeter
truncate	berbiçav
truncated	betal kirin
trundle	tund
trunk	navdil
truss	truss
trust	bawerî
trustee	wekîl
trusting	ewlehiyê
trustworthy	dilsoz
trusty	dilsoz
truth	rastî
truthful	dilsoz
truthfulness	rastiyê
try	cerribanî
tryout	hewl
tryouts	hewl
tsunami	tsunami
tub	teşta serşo
tuba	tuba
tubby	tubby
tube	lûle
tuberculosis	tuberculos
tubing	tubing
tubular	tubular
tubule	tubule
tuck	tuck
tucker	tucker
tuesday	Sêşem
tufted	tufted
tug	tug
tugboat	kêşar
tuition	ders
tulip	sosin
tumble	qûlipandin
tumbler	NO TRANSLATION
tumbleweed	şaş
tummy	çermê
tumor	kûl
tumour	kûl
tumult	şaş
tumultuous	şaş
tun	NO TRANSLATION
tuna	masîyê ton
tunable	tunekirin
tune	miqam
tunic	tunic
tuning	tunekirin
tunnel	tûnêl
turban	çefî
turbidity	turbilîzmê
turbine	torbîn
turbo	turbo
turbulence	serobinî
turbulent	serobin
turd	turd
turf	şewitandin
turkey	Tirkiye
turmeric	berbiçav
turmoil	serrakirinî
turn	zîvir
turnaround	dor lêdan
turned	veguherin
turning	guhertin
turnip	çelem
turnkey	kelek
turnoff	NO TRANSLATION
turnout	guhertin
turnover	veguhestinê
turnpike	giştpike
turntable	berbiçav
turpentine	turpentine
turquoise	turquoise
turret	tirsa
turtle	req
turtleneck	turtleneck
tussle	tûlle
tutelage	tutelage
tutor	mamosta şexsî
tutoring	tutoring
tutu	tutu
tux	tux
tuxedo	tuxedo
tv	tv
twain	zû
twat	qalikê
twats	tûşî
tweak	tweak
tweed	tewed
tweet	tweet
tweezers	mûçink
twelfth	duwanzdehem
twelve	duwanzdeh
twentieth	bîstem
twenty	bîst
twerp	twerp
twig	qalikê
twilight	roavayî
twill	tîrêj
twin	cêwî
twine	duçek
twinge	tîrêj
twinkle	tilikê
twins	twins
twirl	zû
twist	gûherrîn
twisted	tûj
twister	zû
twit	twit
twitch	lerz
twitching	qirêj
twitchy	zû
two	du
two step	du gav
twofaced	NO TRANSLATION
twofold	du caran
twosome	zindî
tycoon	tycoon
tyke	tyke
type	awa
typewriter	makîna nivîsê
typhoid	typhoid
typhoon	tîpa
typical	mîna
typically	bi taybetî
typist	nivîsevan
typo	typo
typography	typography
tyrannical	zordar
tyranny	zordariyê
tyrant	zordariyê
tyre	dûlab
ubiquitous	ubiquitous
ubiquity	ubiquity
ugliness	êşkence
ugly	nerind
uhoh	NO TRANSLATION
ukulele	ukulele
ulcer	werm
ulterior	tewra
ultimate	dervatirîn
ultimately	dawiyê
ultimatum	ultimatum
ultimo	NO TRANSLATION
ultrasound	ultrasound
ultraviolet	kravê
umbilical	membranî
umbra	umbra
umbrella	sîdank
umpire	umpire
umpteen	umpteen
unabashed	nabe
unabated	bête kirin
unable	nekin
unacceptable	nayê qebûl kirin
unaccompanied	unaccompanied
unaccountable	neheq
unaccounted	bêkêmkirin
unacknowledged	neheq
unadulterated	unadulterated
unaffected	neheq
unafraid	neheq
unaided	yekser
unaltered	unaltered
unambiguous	nebaş
unanimity	yekgirtî
unanimous	yekser
unanimously	yekser
unannounced	nayê kirin
unanswered	bersîv
unanticipated	nerazîbûn
unappreciated	neheq kirin
unapproved	nayê pejirandin
unarmed	bêçek
unassisted	neheq
unassuming	bêkêmkirin
unattached	vekirî
unattainable	neheq
unattended	bête kirin
unattractive	neheq
unauthorized	bêmaf
unavailable	tune
unavoidable	nayê manîkirin
unaware	nezan
unbalanced	bêbawer kirin
unbearable	nayekêş
unbeatable	nebeş
unbeaten	nebaş
unbecoming	bêbawer
unbelief	bêbawer
unbelievable	nayebawer
unbiased	bêbawer
unborn	zikê
unbound	bêbawer
unbounded	nebaş
unbreakable	berbiçav
unbridled	nebaş
unbroken	nebaş
unbutton	unbutton
uncalled	bête kirin
uncanny	neheq
uncaring	bêkar kirin
uncensured	NO TRANSLATION
uncertain	bêgûman
uncertainty	nebaweriyê
unchallenged	bêkêş kirin
unchangeable	nayê guhertin
unchanged	guhertin
uncharted	neçalak
uncherished	NO TRANSLATION
uncivilized	bêkêmkirin
unclaimed	nenas kirin
uncle	mam
unclean	nepak
unclear	nezelal
uncomfortable	nerehet
uncommon	nenas
uncommonly	nerazî
uncomplicated	bêkêmkirin
uncompromising	neheq
unconcerned	neheq
unconditional	bêşert
unconfirmed	nayê pejirandin
unconnected	neçalak
unconscionable	neheq
unconscious	xewirî
unconsciousness	neheqî
unconstitutional	unconstitutional
unconstrained	neheq
uncontested	bêguneh kirin
uncontrollable	naye kotrol
uncontrolled	bêguneh kirin
unconventional	neheqî
unconvinced	neheq
unconvincing	betalkirin
uncooked	neheq
uncooperative	ne hevkariyê
uncorrelated	neheq
uncouth	neheq
uncover	vekirî
uncritical	nerast
uncut	neheq
undead	undead
undecided	neheq
undefeated	nerazîbûn
undefined	berbiçav
undeniable	nebêjin
underage	kêmtir
underbelly	binêrin
undercover	binpêkirin
undercurrent	herrikîna binerd
underdog	binivîse
underestimate	biçûkdîtin
undergo	diçin
undergraduate	zanîngehê
underground	binerdî
underhanded	bête kirin
underlay	binî
underlie	binivîse
underline	binxetkirin
underlying	bingehîn
undermine	binvekirin
undermined	kêmkirin
underneath	di bin
underpaid	binçavkirin
underpants	binçavkirin
underprivileged	kêm
underrated	binçavkirin
underscore	dakêşin
undersea	derveyî
undersecretary	berbiçav
undersized	binçavkirin
understaffed	nayê zanîn
understand	têgihîştin
understandable	têfêhm
understanding	lihevhat
understatement	kêmdîtinî
understood	fam kir
understudy	fêm nakin
undertake	girtin ser xwe
undertaker	pispor
undertaking	kirinî
undertow	destpêkirin
underwear	bincil
underwood	binavê
underworld	binpêkirin
underwrite	binivîse
underwriter	binivîse
undeserved	neheq
undesirable	nexwestî
undesired	nebaş
undetectable	neheqî
undetected	nayê zanîn
undetermined	nehezkirî
undeveloped	berbiçav
undignified	berbiçav
undirected	nenaskirî
undisclosed	berbiçav
undiscovered	veşartî
undisputed	nebaş
undisturbed	bistîne
undivided	nepar
undo	veguherînin
undoing	rakirin
undoubted	berbiçav
undress	ji xwe kirin
undressed	bêbawer kirin
undue	neheq
undying	daketin
unearned	bêkêmkirin
unearth	derxistin
uneasiness	neheqiyê
uneasy	nerehet
uneducated	negîşt
unemployed	bêkar
unemployment	bêkarî
unencumbered	bête
unending	yekgirtî
unequal	neheq
unequalled	neheq
unequivocal	nebawer
unequivocally	nabe
unethical	unethical
uneven	xwar
uneventful	neheq
unexpected	nepa
unexpectedly	nerazîbûn
unexplainable	neheq
unexplained	bêkêmkirin
unexplored	nexşandin
unfailing	neheq
unfair	neheq
unfairness	neheqî
unfaithful	nedilsoz
unfamiliar	nefêr
unfavorable	neheq
unfeeling	neheq
unfettered	neheq
unfinished	neqedya
unfit	lênayê
unflinching	nebaş
unfold	ji hevvekirin
unfollow	neheq
unforeseen	neheq
unforgettable	bîrnabe
unforgivable	efnabe
unforgiving	naxwaze
unfortunate	bêbext
unfortunately	mixabîn
unfounded	bête
unfreeze	neheq
unfriendly	nedost
unfulfilled	bêkêmkirin
unfurnished	neheq
unglued	bêguman
ungodly	bêguman
ungrateful	nankor
unguarded	nebaş
unhand	NO TRANSLATION
unhappiness	nefret
unhappy	nebextîyar
unharmed	bêbirîn
unhealthy	nesax
unheard	neheq
unhelpful	neheq
unhindered	nehêle
unholy	nehêle
unhook	nehêle
unicorn	unicorn
unidentified	nenaskirî
unification	komele
unified	yekbûyî
uniform	cilwaz
uniformed	uniformed
uniformity	yekîtî
uniformly	yekane
unimaginable	xeyalnabe
unimpeachable	neheq
unimpeached	nexwendî
unimportant	negiring
unimpressed	xemgîn
unimproved	bêkêmkirin
uninfected	neheq
uninformed	nezanîn
uninhabited	vala
uninitiated	bête destnîşankirin
uninspired	nexşandin
unintelligible	nezanîn
unintended	bête kirin
unintentional	bêqesd
unintentionally	nerazî
uninterested	nexşandin
uninteresting	nexşandin
uninterrupted	berbiçav
uninvited	bêkêmkirin
union	yekîtî
unique	yekane
unisex	unisex
unison	neheq
unit	yekbûn
unitary	yekbûyî
unite	yekkirin
united	yekbû
unity	yekîtî
universal	gişt
universality	gerdûnî
universe	ezman
university	zanko
unjust	neheq
unjustifiable	bêberpisîyar
unjustified	bêheq
unkind	nedost
unknowable	nayê zanîn
unknown	nenas
unlawful	dijqanûn
unleash	hilweşînin
unlicensed	neheq
unlike	dijberî
unlikely	bêgûman
unlimited	bêkêmasî
unlisted	bê lîstekirin
unload	bardaxistin
unloaded	vekirî ye
unlock	vekirin
unlucky	nebextîyar
unmanageable	neheq
unmanned	neheqî
unmarked	ne diyar kirin
unmarried	neheqî
unmask	nehêle
unmatched	bêaqil
unmistakable	bêkêmasî
unmitigated	nerazîbûnê
unmoved	nehêle
unnamed	nenas
unnatural	netabiî
unnecessary	nepêwist
unneeded	nayê kirin
unnoticed	neheqî
unnumbered	nayê
unobserved	bêbawer
unobstructed	nebaş kirin
unobtrusive	nebaş
unoccupied	bêkêmkirin
unofficial	ne fermî
unopened	vekirî
unopposed	unopposed
unordered	bête kirin
unorganised	unorganized
unorganized	unorganized
unorthodox	unorthodox
unpack	ji berhevxistin
unpaid	bêpere
unparalleled	nenas
unpleasant	naxoş
unpleasantness	nexweşî
unplug	nehêle
unplugged	neçar kirin
unpopular	bêpopular
unprecedented	berbiçav
unpredictable	nebêjin
unprepared	ne amadekirin
unpretentious	nebêjin
unproductive	bêhempa
unprofessional	bêhempa
unprofitable	bêkêmasî
unprotected	neheq
unproven	neheq
unprovoked	betal kirin
unpublished	unpublished
unpunished	neheq
unqualified	nezan
unquestionable	nerastkirin
unquestionably	nebaş
unquestioned	nekir
unquote	unquote
unravel	nehêle
unreachable	nayê pejirandin
unread	nixwe
unreal	nerast
unrealistic	unrealistic
unreasonable	serhişk
unrecorded	neheq
unregistered	neqeydkirî
unregulated	neçar
unrelated	ne girêdayî ye
unrelenting	neheq
unreliable	neheq
unremarkable	nayê zanîn
unrepentant	neheq
unrequited	nerazîbûn
unresolved	nayê çareser kirin
unresponsive	nexwest
unrest	nerehetî
unrestrained	berbiçav
unrestricted	berbiçav
unromantic	unromantic
unruly	neheq
unsafe	neheq
unsanitary	unsanitary
unsatisfactory	neheq
unsatisfied	nefret
unsavory	nebaş
unscathed	bêkêmkirin
unscheduled	nexwendin
unscientific	nezanî
unscrew	jêbadan
unscrupulous	bêbawer
unseat	neheq
unseen	nexwendin
unselfish	bêhêz
unsettled	nehêle
unsightly	nefret
unsolicited	bêkêmasî
unsolved	çareser kirin
unsophisticated	unophisticated
unsound	nehêle
unspeakable	nebaş
unspecified	ne diyar
unspoken	nexşandin
unstable	livok
unsteady	bête
unstoppable	bête
unsuccessful	bê serfirazî
unsuitable	lênayê
unsung	bêdeng
unsupervised	neheqkirî
unsupported	ne piştevanî
unsure	neemîn
unsurpassed	neheq kirin
unsuspecting	neheqî
unsustainable	neheq
unsweetened	nehêle
unsympathetic	nexweşî
untamed	nayê
untenable	bête
untested	bête kirin
unthinkable	hişnayê
untidy	nesaz
untie	girêk vekirin
untimely	bêkêmasî
untitled	neqeydkirî
untold	bêkêmkirin
untouchable	neheq
untouched	nexşandin
untoward	neheq
untraceable	neheq
untrained	neheq
untranslated	untranslated
untroubled	neheq
untrue	nerast
untrustworthy	bêbawer
unturned	nehêle
unused	bikarnehat
unusual	nefêr
unusually	yekser
unutterable	bête
unveil	vekin
unveiling	vekirî
unverified	ne pejirandin
unwanted	neheq
unwarranted	neheq
unwary	nezan
unwashed	nixwe
unwavering	nerazîbûn
unwed	neheq
unwelcome	nexwendin
unwell	neheqî
unwilling	nejdil
unwillingly	nehêle
unwillingness	nehêl
unwind	naxwazin
unwise	neheq
unwitting	naxwaze
unwittingly	nehêle
unworthy	nebawer
unwrap	nedixwe
unwritten	nenivîstî
unyielding	nehêlin
unzip	unzip
upbeat	xemgîn
upbringing	hilweşandin
upcoming	pêşerojê
update	rojanekirin
upgrade	nûjen bikin
upheaval	pêdivî ye
uphill	zû
uphold	bigirin
upholstery	çermê
upkeep	xistin
upland	xemgîniyê
uplands	erdê
uplift	pêdivî ye
uplifting	hilweşandin
uplink	uplink
upload	barkirin
upper	yên jorîn
uppercut	binavkirin
uppity	hişk
upright	rast
uprising	bilindahî
uproar	hilweşînin
upscale	bêhtir
upset	hêrsandin
upshot	xist
upstairs	jor
upstanding	berbiçav
upstart	hilweşînin
uptight	bêhtir
upward	berbiçav
upwards	ber bi jor
uranium	uranium
urban	bajarî
urchin	urchin
urge	tiz
urgency	acîlîyet
urgent	acîl
urinal	urinal
urinalysis	urinalysis
urinate	vexwarin
urination	xwenîşandanek
urine	mîz
urn	sindoq
usable	bikaranîn
usage	bikaranîna
use	bikaranîn
used	tê bikaranîn
useful	bikartê
usefully	bi karanîna
usefulness	karanîna
useless	bikarnayê
user	bikaranîvan
usher	xerîb
usual	nas
usurp	meurp
usurped	xistin
usury	xilas bike
utensil	hacet
uterus	zikê dayik
utilitarian	bikaranîn
utility	karûbar
utilization	bikar bînin
utilize	bikar bînin
utmost	bêhtir
utopian	utopian
utter	bêjin
utterance	gotina
utterly	eşkere
vacancy	valatî
vacant	vala
vacate	serhevdan
vacation	karberdî
vaccination	perpûn
vaccine	dermanê perpûnê
vacuolar	vacuolar
vacuole	vacuole
vacuous	vala
vacuum	vala
vagabond	vagabond
vagina	qûz
vaginal	vaginal
vagrancy	vagrancy
vagrant	xwedan
vague	ne bicî
vagueness	dilsoz
vainly	nebaş
valance	valeriyê
vale	vale
valedictorian	valedictorian
valentine	valentine
valet	valet
valiant	jîr
valid	maqûl
validate	pejirandin
validation	pejirandin
validity	maqûlî
valium	valium
valley	newal
valor	NO TRANSLATION
valuable	giranbiha
valuables	tiştên kelît
valuation	texmînî
value	giranî
valve	devik
vamoose	NO TRANSLATION
vamp	vamp
vampire	vampire
van	NO TRANSLATION
vandal	vandal
vandalism	wêrankerî
vane	vane
vanguard	vanguard
vanilla	vanilla
vanish	wendabûn
vanished	winda kirin
vanishing	derxistin
vanity	xwehezî
vanquish	şaş
vanquished	winda kirin
vanquishing	şaş
vantage	xerîb
vapor	bixar
vara	NO TRANSLATION
variable	têgûherr
variance	variance
variation	cins
variations	guhertin
varicella	varicella
varicose	varicos
varied	cûda
variegated	şaş kirin
variety	pirrengî
various	newekhev
varmint	vermîn
varnish	varnish
varsity	berbiçav
vary	gûherrandin
varying	cûda
vascular	vascular
vase	wazo
vasectomy	vasectomy
vassal	vasal
vast	dûr
vat	vat
vaudeville	vaudeville
vault	jûra qasê
vaulted	vala kirin
vaulting	vaulting
veal	goştê golik
vector	vector
veer	veguhestin
vega	vega
vegan	vegan
vegetable	sebze
vegetarian	rezber
vegetarianism	veguhestiyê
vegetation	çîn
vegetative	çîn
veggie	veggie
vehement	veguhestin
vehicle	erebok
veil	çarşef
veiled	veşartî
vein	tamar
veined	vekirî
vellum	vellum
velocity	lezgîn
velour	velor
velvet	qedîfe
velvety	pêdivî ye
vena	vena
vendetta	vendetta
vending	vending
vendor	firotkar
veneer	veneer
venerable	nerm
veneration	bîhnfirehiyê
venereal	venereal
venetian	venetî
vengeance	heyf
vengeful	vengeful
venison	venison
venom	venom
venomous	zehmet
venous	celeb
vent	qûllik
ventilation	perwanekirin
ventilator	avêtin
venting	vedixwe
ventricle	nexweşî
ventricular	nexweşî
ventriloquist	ventriloquist
venture	bazirganî
venue	cihekî
veracity	rastdariyê
veranda	veranda
verb	lêker
verbal	devkî
verbatim	verbatim
verbiage	verbiage
verbose	verbose
verbosity	devkî
verdant	biryara
verdict	hûkûm
verge	verge
verification	tesdîq
verified	nirxandin
verify	lidûsekirin
verily	rastî
veritable	rastîn
vermin	vermin
vermouth	vermouth
vernacular	vernacular
vernal	zikmakî
veronica	veronica
versatile	pirawa
versatility	berbiçav
verse	ayet
version	awa
versus	beramber
vert	vert
vertebra	vertebra
vertebral	vertebral
vertex	vertex
vertical	çikanî
vertically	berbiçav
vertigo	vertîk
verve	verve
very negative	gelekî neyînî
very positive	pir erênî
veryangry	NO TRANSLATION
vesicle	vesicle
vesicular	vesicular
vessel	firotanê
vest	vest
vested	derxistin
vestibule	vestibule
vestige	vestige
vet	vet
veteran	xazî
veterinarian	pizişka terşan
veterinary	veterinary
veto	bersiva dijrabûn
vexed	vekirî
viability	viability
viable	viable
viaduct	berbiçav
vial	vial
vibe	vibe
vibes	vibes
vibrant	çalak
vibrate	lerzîn
vibration	vibration
vibrator	vibrator
vibratory	vibratory
vicar	vicar
vicarious	vikarious
vice	cîgirê
viceroy	viceroy
vicinity	nêzî
vicious	xerab
victim	qûrban
victimized	mexdûr kirin
victor	serketî
victoria	victoria
victorious	serketî
victory	serkeftin
video	video
video game	lîstika video
videotape	videotape
vie	NO TRANSLATION
view	dîtinî
viewer	xerîdar
viewing	bibînin
viewpoint	nêrînek
vigil	hişk
vigilance	hişyariyê
vigilant	hişyar e
vigilante	vigilante
vignette	vignette
vigor	hişk
vigorous	xurt
viking	viking
vile	vile
villa	villa
village	gûnd
villager	gundê
villain	betal
villainous	xemgîn
vinaigrette	vinaigrette
vindicate	bingehkirin
vindicated	xemgîn kirin
vindication	rakirin
vindictive	serhevdekir
vine	mêw
vinegar	tirşe
vineyard	rez
vintage	sal
vinyl	vinyl
viola	viola
violate	birînkirin
violation	birîn
violence	cebr
violent	cebrî
violently	binpêkirin
violet	violet
violin	keman
violinist	binpêkirin
viper	viper
viral	viral
virgin	qîz
virginal	virginal
virginity	kêrhatî
virility	cinsî
virology	virology
virtual	virtual
virtually	bi rastî
virtue	fezîlet
virtuoso	dilsoz
virtuous	qenc
virulence	nexweşî
virus	vîrûs
visa	wîza
visage	NO TRANSLATION
viscosity	viscosity
viscous	xerîb
vise	NO TRANSLATION
visibility	dîtinî
visible	têdîtinî
visibly	xuya dike
vision	qaweta çavdîtinê
visionary	xerîb
visit	serdan
visitation	serdana
visiting	serdana
visitor	serda
visor	visor
vista	vista
visual	çavî
visualize	dîtin
vital	jiyangiran
vitality	dilsoziyê
vitals	vitals
vitamin	wêtamîn
vitreous	berbiçav
viva	viva
vivacious	vivacious
vivid	jîyane
vixen	vixen
vocabulary	tîpe
vocal	vocal
vocalist	vocalist
vocation	sinet
vodka	vodka
vogue	vogue
voice	deng
voiceless	dengek
voicemail	voicemail
void	nederbas
volatile	berbiçav
volatility	bêhtir
volcanic	volkanîk
volcano	çîyayê agirî
volition	dilsoz
volley	volley
volleyball	volleyball
voltage	woltî
voltmeter	voltmeter
volume	bend
volumes	volumes
voluminous	berbiçav
voluntarily	dilxwazî
voluntary	bixwe
volunteer	dilxwaz
volunteering	dilxwazî
volunteers	dilxwazan
voluptuous	berbiçav
vomit	verişîn
vomiting	vîzê
voodoo	voodoo
voracious	voracious
vortex	vortex
vote	deng
voter	dengdanê
voting	dengdan
votive	dengdanê
vouch	vouch
voucher	bon
vow	sond
vowel	dengdar
voyage	ger
voyager	voyager
voyeur	voyeur
vulgar	qebe
vulgarity	zilamê
vulnerability	neheqiyê
vulnerable	birîndibe
vulture	teyrelaş
wacko	wacko
wacky	wacky
wad	wad
waddle	waddle
wade	wade
wafer	wafer
waffle	waffle
wag	wag
wage	wage
wager	dixwest
wages	yomî
wagon	erebe
wail	wey
waist	pişt
waistcoat	waistcoat
waistline	kêmtirîn
wait	payin
waiter	sifrevan
waiting	benda
waitinggame	NO TRANSLATION
waitress	sifrevan
waive	berbiçav
waiver	xemgîniyê
wake	hişyarbûn
walk	gerrik
walker	walker
walking	rêwîtiyê
walkout	rêwîtiyê
wall	dîwar
wallaby	dîwar
wallet	tûrikê diravan
wallflower	dîwarê
wallop	dîwarê
wallow	dîwar
wallpaper	wallpaper
walnut	gûz
walrus	hespê derya
waltz	waltz
wan	NO TRANSLATION
wand	wand
wander	gerrîn
wanderer	wanderer
wandering	şaş
wane	wane
waning	wan
wanker	wanker
wannabe	wannabe
wannasleep	NO TRANSLATION
want	xwestin
wanting	dixwazin
wanton	dixwazin
war	şerr
warbler	şerê
warcrimes	NO TRANSLATION
ward	îstesyon
warden	bervan
wardrobe	xîzane
ware	ware
warehouse	embar
warfare	şerê
warhead	şerê
warlike	şer
warlock	şer
warlord	şerê
warm	germ
warming	germ
warms	şer dike
warmth	germa
warn	gazîgîhandin
warned	hişyar kirin
warning	gazî
warp	şerp
warpath	warpath
warped	şer kirin
warrant	fermana girtinê
warranted	şer kirin
warrants	warrant
warranty	libersekînîn
warren	warren
warrior	şervan
warship	şerê
wart	bêlûk
wartime	berbiçav
wary	wary
wash	cil
washed	şuştin
washer	kişandin
washing	şuştin
washout	şuştinê
washroom	qonaxa
wasp	mozik
waste	xûrdekirinî
wastebasket	wastebasket
wasted	hilweşandin
wasteful	xûrdewar
wasteland	wastayî
wasting	hilweşînin
watch	seet
watchdog	çavdêriya
watcher	xerîdar
watchful	şîyar
watchman	NO TRANSLATION
watchout	şîyar bin
watchtower	xerîb
water	av
water polo	avê polo
waterbed	avêtin
watercourse	avê
watered	ava kirin
waterfall	gilale
waterfront	avê
watering can	avê dikir
watermelon	zebeş
waterproof	nexweşî
waterworks	avê
watery	avî
wave	pêl
wavelength	wavelength
waver	waver
wavering	wavering
waves	waves
wavy	wavy
wax	şima
waxed	waxed
waxy	waxy
way	rê
ways	awayî
wayward	awayî
weak	qels
weaken	qelskirin
weakened	qels
weakling	qels
weakly	qels
weakness	qelsî
wealth	dewlemendî
wealthy	dewlemend
weapon	çek
weaponry	çek
wear	hilgirtin
wearer	wearer
wearily	bi şikilî
weariness	xwîn
wearing	xistin
weary	giran
weasel	wezîfa
weather	hewa
weathered	germ
weatherman	germ
weatherproof	zirav
weave	tevnkirin
web	tevn
website	malpera
wed	zewicî
wedded	zewicandin
wedding	dîlan
wedge	darikê
wedlock	zewacê
wee	we
weed	gîhabejî
weeding	xemgîniyê
weeds	hilanî
weedy	weedy
weeeee	NO TRANSLATION
week	hefte
weekday	hefteyê
weekend	dawîaya heftê
weekly	heftane
weenie	weenie
weep	girîn
weeping	digirîn
weeping willow	xwarinê digirîn
weepy	girîn
weigh	pîvan
weighing	giran
weight	pîvan
weightless	giran
weightloss	NO TRANSLATION
weights	giran
weighty	giran
weir	weir
weird	xofane
weirdness	hişyariyê
weirdo	xerîb
welcome	bi xêr hatî
welcomed	xêrhatin
welcoming	welatekî
weld	weld
welder	welder
welding	welding
welfare	welfare
wellhead	baş
wellness	qenciyê
welsh	Galerkî
welt	NO TRANSLATION
wen	NO TRANSLATION
wench	wench
werewolf	werewolf
west	rojava
westbound	westbound
western	rajava
wet	şil
wetback	zû
whack	çerm
whale	balîne
whaling	kişandin
wham	kişandin
whammy	kêfxweş
wharf	kêleka derya
whatdoido	NO TRANSLATION
whatif	çiif
whatmakesmesmile	NO TRANSLATION
whatnot	whatnot
whatsoever	çi
whatsthepoint	NO TRANSLATION
wheat	gennim
wheel	teker
wheel barrow	NO TRANSLATION
wheelbarrow	tolban
wheelchair	ereboka kûllekan
wheels	çiyayên
wheeze	kûxîn
whelp	whelp
whereabouts	cihekî
wherefore	yekê
wherewith	wey
wherewithal	hewa
whet	whet
whiff	çiqas
whilst	çiqas
whim	zû
whimper	kişandin
whimsical	kişandin
whimsy	hêrs
whine	kûzkûzî
whiny	piçûk
whip	qamçî
whiplash	kişandin
whipped	kişandin
whirl	çûk
whirlpool	çermê
whirlwind	çûkê
whisk	whisk
whisker	rî
whiskers	kişandin
whiskey	whiskey
whisky	whiskey
whisper	pispisî
whispered	kişandin
whistle	pîspîsk
whit	kişandin
white	spî
whitefish	spî
whiteness	dilsoz
whitewash	spî
whitish	kişandin
whittle	kişandin
whiz	kişandin
whole	giştî
wholesale	firotanê
wholesome	sax
wholly	bi tevahî
whoo	kîjan
whoop	xweş
whopper	kovar
whopping	kişandin
whore	qehpik
whorehouse	kincê
wick	fitîl
wicked	bed
wickedness	neheqiyê
wicker	wicker
wicket	wicket
wide	bi ber
widely	mezin
widen	jine
widespread	bela
widow	jinbî
widowed	jinebî
widower	mêrebî
width	berî
wield	wergirtin
wiener	wiener
wienie	NO TRANSLATION
wife	jin
wig	porê qelp
wiggle	hejîn
wight	wight
wiki	wiki wiki
wild	bejî
wildcat	wildcat
wildebeest	şewitandin
wilderness	bejî
wildfire	wildfire
wildlife	jiyanê
will	xwestek
willful	serhişk
willies	mîras
willing	xweste
willingly	dilxwazî
willingness	xwestanî
willow	xwar
willpower	hêza
wilt	çilmisîn
wilted	wilted
wily	zû
wimp	wimp
wimpy	wimpy
win	serkeftin
wince	wince
winch	winç
wind	ba
windbag	windbag
windfall	winda
winding	şewitandin
windmill	aşê bayê
window	pace
windowsill	NO TRANSLATION
windpipe	lûla hewê
windshield	cama hewê
windy	bayî
wine	şerab
wine cooler	şerabê şerabê
wing	bask
winged	baskê
winger	winger
wingman	wingman
wink	çavqûrçî
winner	serketî
winning	serketin
winnings	winnings
wino	NO TRANSLATION
winter	zivistan
winterbreak	NO TRANSLATION
wintertime	zivistanê
wintery	zivistanê
wintry	wintry
wipe	pakirin
wiper	wiper
wire	têlik
wired	wired
wireless	wireless
wiretap	wiretap
wiring	wiring
wis	dilsoz
wisdom	rîsipîti
wise	rîsipî
wish	xwestek
wishbone	bixwaze
wishful	bixwaze
wishing	bixwaze
wishmeluck	wishmeluck
wisp	wisp
wistful	xweş
wit	wit
witch	cadû
witchcraft	cadûtî
withal	heval
withdraw	vekişînin
withdrawal	vekişînê
withdrawals	vekişînê
withdrawn	vekişandin
wither	hişyar
withered	qirêj
withering	şaş
withhold	bigirin
withholding	xercê
withstand	berxwedan
witless	bêbawer
witness	şahîd
wits	wît
witty	xweş
wiz	wiz
wizard	wizard
wobble	wobble
wobbly	wobbly
woe	wey
woeful	weyful
woefully	xemgîn
wok	wok
wokemeup	NO TRANSLATION
wolf	gûr
wolverine	wolverine
woman	jin
womanhood	jinikê
womanizer	womanizer
womanly	jinê
womb	zikê zayinê
wonder	mûcîze
wonderful	pirxweş
wonderfully	ecêb
wonderment	ecêb
wondrous	şehrezayî
wont	NO TRANSLATION
woo	woo
wood	text
woodcut	darikê
wooden	textîn
woodland	daristan
woodlands	daristanan
woodpecker	darbecker
woods	dar
woodshed	darizandin
woodsman	woodsman
woodwork	karker
woody	darikê
woof	woof
woohoo	woohoo
wooing	wuxing
wool	hirî
woolen	pêlav
woolly	woolly
woot	woot
woozy	woozy
wop	wop
word	bêje
wording	gotin
words	gotinên
wordy	wordy
work	kar
workaholic	karkeriyê
workbook	pirtûkek
worker	karker
working	dixebitin
workings	kar
workload	barkirinê
workman	karker
workmanship	karkeriyê
workout	kartêker
workplace	karûbarê
works	kar
workshop	kargeh
workup	karker
world	dinya
worldly	dinyayê
worldwide	cîhanê
worm	kûrm
wormhole	wormhole
wormwood	wormwood
worn	kevn
worried	liberket
worries	xemgîniyê
worry	leberketinî
worrying	xemgîniyê
worse	xerabtir
worsening	xirabtirîn
worship	limêjî
worshipful	diperizin
worstfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
worth	giranbiha
worthless	bêqîmet
worthwhile	dilsoz
worthy	rûmetar
wot	wot
would	dê
wound	kûl
wounded	birîndar bûn
wounding	birîndar kirin
wounds	birîndar
wracking	wracking
wrangler	wrangler
wrangling	şewitandin
wrap	pêçan
wrapper	kişandin
wrapping	wrapping
wrath	xezebê
wrathful	xezeb
wreak	wreak
wreath	birçîbûnê
wreck	wreck
wreckage	wêran
wrecked	hilweşandin
wrecker	wrecker
wrench	badanvekir
wrenching	wrenching
wrest	hêrs
wrestle	cengê
wrestler	cewher
wrestling	kişandin
wretch	xemgîn
wretched	hêrs
wriggle	hêrs
wright	xezeb
wring	şewitandin
wringer	wringer
wrinkle	qermîçek
wrinkled	şewitandin
wrist	mofirka dest
wristband	wristband
wristwatch	wristwatch
writ	nivîsîn
write	nivîsîn
writer	nivîskar
writing	nivîs
written	nivîsandin
wrong	qelp
wrongdoing	çewtiyê
wrongful	neheq
wrongly	xelet
wrought	wrought
wry	wey
xanax	xanax
xenophobia	xenophobia
xerox	xerox
xmas	xmas
xoxo	xoxo
yaaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaay	NO TRANSLATION
yacht	keşî
yachting	yachting
yahoo	yahoo
yak	yak
yam	yam
yank	yank
yap	NO TRANSLATION
yard	hewş
yarn	yarn
yaw	yaw
yawn	bawîşk
yawning	yawning
yay	yay
yayy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyyy	NO TRANSLATION
yea	yea
yeahhh	yeahhh
yeahhhh	NO TRANSLATION
year	sal
yearbook	salek
yearling	sal
yearly	sal
yearn	sal
yearning	hişyar
years	salan
yeast	havên
yehey	NO TRANSLATION
yell	qîrîn
yeller	yeller
yelling	qîrîn
yellow	zer
yellows	zêr
yelp	yelp
yen	yen
yeoman	eman
yesss	yesss
yessss	yessss
yesterday	do
yesteryear	yesteryear
yew	yew
yey	NO TRANSLATION
yield	hatinî
yielding	çêkirin
yo-yo	NO TRANSLATION
yodel	yodel
yoga	yoga
yogi	yogi
yogurt	mast
yoke	yoke
yolk	zerdik
yon	NO TRANSLATION
yonder	bîr
young	ciwan
younger	piçûk
youngster	ciwan
yousuck	gel hûn
youth	ciwanan
youthful	ciwane
yucky	yucky
yuletide	yuletide
yummy	dilsoz
yuppie	yuppie
zany	zanyar
zap	zap
zeal	zehf
zealot	zehf
zealous	zehf
zebra	hespê belek
zen	zen
zenith	zelal
zephyr	zephyr
zeppelin	zeppelin
zest	zehf
zesty	dilsoz
zeta	zeta
zigzag	xaromar
zilch	zilch
zillion	zillion
zinc	çingo
zing	NO TRANSLATION
zip	zip
zipper	circirk
zippy	zippy
zit	NO TRANSLATION
zodiac	zodiac
zombie	zombî
zone	dor
zoning	zoning
zoo	bexçê heywanan
zoological	zoological
zoology	heywannasî
zoom	zoom
zucchini	zucchini
