Word	lt
aaaaaaah	aaaaaaha
aaaah	NO TRANSLATION
aardvark	aardvark
aback	atsimenu
abacus	abacus
abalone	garbanotas
abandon	apleisti
abandoned	paliktas
abandonment	atsisakymas
abashed	nuobodus
abate	susilpninti
abatement	mažinimas
abba	Abba
abbey	abatija
abbot	NO TRANSLATION
abbreviate	sutrumpinti
abbreviation	santrumpa
abdomen	pilvas
abdominal	pilvasis
abduct	pagrobti
abduction	pagrobimas
aberrant	netinkamas
aberration	aberacija
abeyance	sustabdymas
abhor	šmeižti
abhorrence	baimė
abhorrent	nepatogus
abide	laikykis
abiding	laikantis
ability	gebėjimas
abject	abject
ablation	abliacija
ablaze	gaisras
able	galingas
abnormal	nenormalus
abnormality	anomalija
aboard	laive
abode	gyventi
abolish	panaikinti
abolition	panaikinimas
abominable	bjaurus
abominate	abominate
abomination	bjaurystė
aboriginal	aborigenai
abort	nutraukti
abortion	abortas
abortive	neveikianti
abound	gausu
abovementioned	anksčiau paminėtas
abracadabra	abracadabra
abrasion	trintis
abrasive	abrazyvinis
abreast	be abejo
abroad	užsienyje
abrogate	atšaukti
abrupt	staiga
abruptly	staiga
abscess	pūlinys
absence	nebuvimas
absent	nėra
absentee	absentee
absenteeism	nebuvimas
absinthe	absentas
absolute	absoliutus
absolution	atleidimas
absolve	atleisk
absorb	sugerti
absorbed	sugeria
absorbent	sugeriantis
absorbing	sugeriantis
absorption	absorbcija
abstain	susilaikyti
abstention	susilaikymas
abstinence	susilaikymas
abstract	abstraktus
abstraction	abstrakcija
absurd	absurdas
absurdity	absurdas
abundance	gausa
abundant	gausu
abuse	piktnaudžiavimas
abused	piktnaudžiaujama
abusive	užgaulus
abutment	atrama
aby	NO TRANSLATION
abysmal	apgailėtinas
abyss	bedugnė
academic	akademinis
academy	akademija
accede	prisijungti
accelerant	pagreitis
accelerate	paspartinti
accelerated	pagreitintas
acceleration	pagreitis
accelerator	greitintuvas
accent	akcentas
accentuate	pabrėžti
accept	priimti
acceptable	priimtinas
acceptance	priėmimas
acceptances	priėmimai
access	prieiga
accessible	prieinama
accession	įstojimas
accessory	aksesuaras
accident	avarija
accidental	atsitiktinis
accidentally	atsitiktinai
acclaim	pripažinimas
accolade	apdovanojimas
accommodate	prisitaikyti
accommodation	apgyvendinimas
accompaniment	asortimentas
accompany	lydėti
accompanying	palyda
accomplice	bendrininkas
accomplish	įvykdyti
accomplished	įvykdytas
accomplishment	pasiekimas
accord	susitarti
accordance	atitikimas
accordion	akordeonas
account	sąskaita
accountability	atskaitomybė
accountable	atskaitingas
accountant	buhalteris
accounting	apskaita
accounts	sąskaitos
accredited	akredituotas
accretion	akrecija
accrue	kaupiasi
accueil	NO TRANSLATION
accumulate	kaupti
accumulation	kaupimas
accuracy	tikslumas
accurate	tiksliai
accursed	prakeiktas
accusation	kaltinimas
accusative	kaltinamasis
accuse	kaltinti
accused	kaltinamas
accuser	kaltinamasis
accusing	kaltinamas
accustomed	pripratęs
ace	ace
acetic	acto rūgštis
acetylene	acetilenas
ache	skauda
achieve	pasiekti
achieved	pasiekti
achievement	pasiekimas
aching	skausmas
achy	achy
acid	rūgštis
acidity	rūgštingumas
acknowledge	pripažinti
acknowledged	pripažintas
acknowledgement	patvirtinimas
acknowledgment	patvirtinimas
acme	akme
acne	aknė
acorn	gilė
acoustic	akustinis
acoustics	akustika
acquaint	susipažink
acquaintance	pažintis
acquainted	susipažinęs
acquiescence	sutikimas
acquire	įsigyti
acquiring	įsigijimas
acquisition	įsigijimas
acquisitions	įsigijimai
acquit	išteisinti
acquittal	išteisinimas
acre	akras
acreage	plotas
acres	akrai
acrobat	akrobatas
acrylic	akrilas
act	veikti
acting	vaidyba
action	veiksmas
action figure	veiksmo figūra
actionable	ginčytinas
activate	aktyvuoti
activation	aktyvinimas
active	aktyvus
activist	aktyvistas
activity	veikla
actor	aktorius
actress	Aktorė
actual	faktinis
actuality	aktualumas
actuary	aktuarijus
acuity	aštrumas
acumen	sumanumas
acupuncture	akupunktūra
acute	ūminis
acutely	akivaizdžiai
ad	Reklama
adage	pasakojimas
adamant	adamantas
adapt	prisitaikyti
adaptable	pritaikomas
adaptation	prisitaikymas
add	papildyti
added	pridėta
addendum	priedas
adder	papildiklis
addict	narkomanas
addicted	priklausomas
addiction	priklausomybė
addictive	priklausomybę
addition	papildomai
additional	papildomas
additive	priedas
address	adresas
addressee	adresatas
addresses	adresai
adept	adept
adequacy	pakankamumas
adequate	tinkamas
adhere	laikykis
adherence	laikytis
adherent	adherent
adhering	laikytis
adhesion	Sukibimas
adhesive	klijai
adieu	adieu
adipose	riebaluotas
adjacency	gretimumas
adjacent	šalia
adjective	būdvardis
adjoining	šalia
adjourn	atidėti
adjournment	atidėjimas
adjudicate	nuspręsti
adjudication	teismo sprendimas
adjunct	adjunct
adjust	sureguliuoti
adjuster	reguliatorius
adjustment	sureguliavimas
adjuvant	adjuvantas
admin	admin
administer	administruoti
administration	administracija
administrative	administracinis
administrator	administratorius
admirable	žavisi
admiral	admirolas
admiralty	admiralitetas
admiration	susižavėjimas
admire	grožėtis
admired	žavisi
admirer	gerbėjas
admiring	žaviuosi
admissibility	priimtinumas
admissible	priimtinas
admission	priėmimas
admit	pripažinti
admittance	priėmimas
admitted	leidžiama
admitting	prisipažįsta
admixture	priemaiša
admonition	įspėjimas
ado	ado
adobe	adobe
adolescence	paauglystė
adolescent	paauglys
adopt	priimti
adoption	priėmimas
adoptive	priėmėjas
adorable	žavinga
adoration	adoracija
adore	garbinti
adoring	adoring
adorn	puošia
adornment	puošmena
adrenalin	adrenalinas
adrenaline	adrenalinas
adrift	adrift
adult	suaugęs
adulterated	suklastotas
adulterer	svetimautojas
adultery	svetimavimu
adulthood	pilnametystė
advance	iš anksto
advanced	pažengusi
advancement	pažanga
advancing	artėjant
advantage	pranašumas
advantageous	naudinga
advent	Adventas
adventure	nuotykis
adventurer	nuotykių ieškotojas
adventures	nuotykiai
adventurous	nuotykis
adversary	priešas
adverse	neigiamas
adversity	nelaimė
advertise	reklamuoti
advertisement	skelbimas
advertising	reklama
adverts	skelbimai
advice	patarimas
advisable	patartinas
advise	patarti
advised	patarė
advisement	patarimas
adviser	patarėjas
advisor	patarėjas
advisory	patarimas
advocacy	advokatas
advocate	advokatas
aegis	euras
aeration	aeracija
aerial	antena
aerobics	aerobika
aerodrome	aerodromas
aerodynamic	aerodinaminis
aerodynamics	aerodinamika
aeronautics	aeronautika
aeroplane	lėktuvas
aerospace	kosmosas
aesthetic	estetinis
aesthetics	estetika
aetiology	etiologija
afar	toli
affable	draugiškas
affair	reikalas
affect	įtakos
affecting	įtakos
affection	meilė
affectionate	meilus
affections	jausmai
affiche	NO TRANSLATION
affidavit	pažyma
affiliated	susijusi
affiliation	priklausomybė
affinity	giminingumas
affirm	patvirtinti
affirmation	patvirtinimas
affirmative	teigiamas
affirmatively	teigiamai
affix	prispausti
afflict	nerimauti
afflicted	nukentėjęs
affliction	nelaimė
affluence	gerovę
affluent	turtingas
afford	sau leisti
affordable	prieinama kaina
affront	apgauti
affronted	susprogdintas
afield	lauke
afire	gaisras
afloat	plaukioti
afore	anksčiau
aforementioned	minėtas
aforesaid	minėta
afraid	išsigandęs
afresh	iš naujo
african	african
aft	aft
afterlife	po gyvenimo
aftermath	pasekmės
afternoon	po pietų
aftershave	po skutimosi
aftertaste	poskonis
afterthought	nepastebimas
aga	NO TRANSLATION
agape	Agape
agate	agatas
age	amžius
aged	amžiaus
agency	Agentūra
agenda	darbotvarkė
agent	agentas
agglomeration	aglomeracija
aggravate	sustiprėti
aggravated	sustiprėja
aggravates	sustiprėja
aggravating	sunkinantis
aggravation	pablogėjimas
aggregate	suvestinis rodiklis
aggregation	agregavimas
aggresive	NO TRANSLATION
aggression	agresija
aggressive	agresyvus
aggressively	agresyviai
aggressiveness	agresyvumas
aggressor	agresoriaus
agh	agh
aghast	pyktis
aghhh	NO TRANSLATION
agile	judrus
agility	judrumas
aging	senėjimas
agitate	maišyti
agitated	susijaudinęs
agitation	agitacija
aglow	aglovas
agnostic	agnostikas
ago	prieš
agonizing	agonizing
agony	agonija
agoraphobia	agorafobija
agree	sutinku
agreeable	malonus
agreed	susitarta
agreeing	susitarti
agreement	susitarimas
agressive	NO TRANSLATION
agricultural	žemės ūkio
agriculture	Žemdirbystė
aground	miške
agua	NO TRANSLATION
ahead	priekyje
ahhh	ahhh
ahhhhhhhh	NO TRANSLATION
ahoy	ahoy
aid	pagalba
aide	pagalbininkas
aiding	pagalbą
aids	AIDS
ail	ail
ailing	sergantis
ailment	negalavimas
aim	tikslas
aimless	begalinis
air	oras
airbag	oro pagalvė
airborne	ore
aircraft	orlaivis
aircraft carrier	lėktuvnešis
airfield	aerodromas
airhead	airhead
airlift	oro transportas
airline	aviakompanija
airliner	lėktuvas
airlock	airlock
airman	airman
airplane	lėktuvas
airport	oro uostas
airs	airs
airship	dirižablis
airspace	oro erdvė
airspeed	oro sparta
airstrip	aerodromas
airtight	hermetiškas
airway	kvėpavimo takai
aisle	praeitis
ait	NO TRANSLATION
ajar	NO TRANSLATION
aka	aka
akin	artimas
alabaster	alabastras
alarm	signalizacija
alarm clock	Žadintuvas
alarmed	susirūpinęs
alarming	nerimą keliantis
alas	deja
alb	NO TRANSLATION
albatross	Albatrosas
albino	Albino
album	albumas
alchemy	alchemija
alcohol	alkoholis
alcoholic	alkoholinis
alcoholism	alkoholizmas
alcove	alcove
alderman	aldermanas
ale	NO TRANSLATION
alert	budrus
alertness	budrumas
alerts	perspėjimai
alfalfa	liucerna
algebra	algebra
algebraic	algebrinė
algorithm	algoritmas
alias	slapyvardis
alibi	alibi
alien	užsienietis
alienate	atsikratyti
alienated	pašalintas
alienation	atsiskyrimas
alight	palikti
align	suderinti
aligned	sulygiuota
alignment	suderinimas
alike	panašiai
alimentation	NO TRANSLATION
alimony	alimentai
aliquot	alikvotinė dalis
alive	gyvas
alkali	šarmai
alkaloids	alkaloidai
allay	atsipalaiduoti
allegation	tvirtinimas
allege	pasakyk
alleged	tariamas
allegiance	ištikimybė
allegorical	alegoriškas
allegory	alegorija
allegro	allegoras
allergic	alergiškas
allergy	alergija
alleviate	palengvinti
alleviation	palengvinimas
alley	alėja
alleyway	alėja
alliance	aljansas
allied	sąjungininkas
alligator	aligatorius
allocate	paskirstyti
allocation	paskirstymas
allot	paskirstyti
allotment	paskirstymas
allow	leisti
allowable	leidžiama
allowance	pašalpa
allowed	leidžiama
alloy	lydinys
allsmiles	NO TRANSLATION
allure	Allure
alluring	viliojantis
allusion	aliuzija
alluvial	aliuviškas
ally	sąjungininkas
almanac	almanachas
almighty	visagalis
almond	migdolai
aloft	aukštyn
aloha	aloha
alone	vienas
alongside	šalia
aloof	atskirai
aloud	garsiai
alpha	alfa
alphabet	abėcėlė
alphabetical	abėcėlės tvarka
alpine	alpinis
alreadyyyyy	jau yyyy
altar	altorius
altar boy	altoriaus berniukas
alter	pakeisti
alteration	pakeitimas
altercation	pasikeitimas
altered	pakeista
alternate	Alternatyva
alternating	pakaitomis
alternative	alternatyva
altimeter	altimetras
altitude	aukštis virš jūros lygio
alto	alto
altogether	iš viso
aluminum	aliuminis
alumnus	auklėtojas
alveolar	alveolinis
alzheimers	NO TRANSLATION
amalgam	amalgama
amalgamation	susijungimas
amaretto	amaretas
amass	amass
amateur	mėgėjas
amaze	stebinti
amazed	nustebintas
amazedness	NO TRANSLATION
amazement	stebuklas
amazing	nuostabus
amazingly	nuostabiai
ambassador	ambasadorius
amber	gintaras
ambience	atmosfera
ambient	ambientas
ambiguity	dviprasmiškumas
ambiguous	dviprasmiškas
ambit	sritis
ambition	ambicija
ambitious	ambicingas
ambivalent	dvilypis
ambrosia	ambrosija
ambulance	greitosios pagalbos automobilis
ambush	pasala
ameliorate	pagerinti
amen	amen
amenable	paklusnumas
amend	pataisyti
amendment	pakeitimas
amends	taiso
amenity	malonumas
amethyst	Ametistas
amiable	linksmas
amicable	draugiškas
amid	amid
amidst	amidst
amino	amino
ammo	amunicija
ammonia	amoniakas
ammonium	amonio
ammunition	amunicija
amnesia	amnezija
amnesty	amnestija
amorous	mylimasis
amorphous	amorfinis
amortization	amortizacija
amount	suma
amour	NO TRANSLATION
amp	stiprintuvas
ampersand	ampersandas
amphetamines	amfetaminai
amphibian	amfibija
amphibious	amfibijas
amphitheater	amfiteatras
ample	gausu
amplification	stiprinimas
amplify	didinti
amplitude	amplitudė
amply	pakankamai
amputate	amputate
amputation	amputacija
amuck	amuck
amulet	amuletas
amuse	linksmintis
amused	linksma
amusement	pramogos
amusing	juokinga
ana	NO TRANSLATION
anaconda	Anaconda
anaesthesia	anestezija
anaesthetic	anestezija
anagram	anagramas
anal	analinis
analgesic	analgetikas
analogous	analogiškas
analogue	analogas
analogy	analogija
analysis	analizė
analyst	analitikas
analytic	analitinis
analytical	analitinis
analyze	analizuoti
analyzer	analizatorius
anaphylactic	anafilaksinis
anarchism	anarchizmas
anarchist	anarchistas
anarchy	anarchija
anastomosis	anastomozė
anathema	Anathema
anatomic	anatominis
anatomy	anatomija
ancestor	protėvis
ancestral	protėviai
ancestry	protėviai
anchor	inkaras
anchorage	tvirtinimas
ancient	senovės
ancillary	pagalbinis
androgen	androgenas
android	android
anecdote	anekdotas
anemia	anemija
anemic	anemija
anemone	anemonis
anesthesia	anestezija
anesthesiologist	anesteziologas
anesthetic	anestezija
aneurysm	aneurizma
anew	iš naujo
angel	angelas
angelic	angeliškas
anger	pyktis
angered	pyktis
angermanagement	NO TRANSLATION
angina	angina
angiogram	angiograma
angiography	angiografija
angle	kampas
angling	žvejyba
angora	Angora
angriest	angriest
angry	piktas
angrytweet	NO TRANSLATION
angst	baimė
anguish	sielvartas
anguished	skausmingas
angular	kampinis
anhydrous	bevandenis
animal	gyvūnas
animate	gyvinti
animated	animacinis
animation	animacija
animosity	priešiškumas
animus	animusas
ankle	kulkšnis
anklet	kulkšnis
annals	metraščiai
annex	priedas
annexation	aneksija
annexe	NO TRANSLATION
annihilate	sunaikinti
annihilated	sunaikintas
annihilation	sunaikinimas
anniversary	jubiliejus
annotate	komentuoti
annotation	anotacija
announce	skelbti
announcement	skelbimas
announcer	diktorius
annoy	erzina
annoyance	erzina
annoyed	erzina
annoyin	NO TRANSLATION
annoying	erzina
annoys	erzina
annual	metinis
annuity	anuitetas
annul	atšaukti
annular	žiedinis
annulment	panaikinimas
annulus	žiedas
anointed	pateptas
anointing	patepimas
anomalous	anomalūs
anomaly	anomalija
anon	anon
anonymity	anonimiškumas
anonymous	Anoniminis
anorexic	anoreksija
answer	atsakyti
answerable	atskaitingas
answering	atsakydamas
ant	ant
antagonism	antagonizmas
antagonist	antagonistas
antagonistic	antagonistinis
antagonize	antagonizuoti
ante	NO TRANSLATION
antecedent	antecedentas
antelope	antilopė
antenna	antena
anterior	priekinis
anthem	himnas
anthill	anthill
anthology	antologija
anthrax	Siurbimas
anthropological	antropologinis
anthropologist	antropologas
anthropology	antropologija
anti	anti
antiaircraft	antiaircraft
antibiotic	antibiotikas
antibiotics	antibiotikai
antichrist	antikristas
anticipate	tikėtis
anticipation	numatymas
anticipatory	laukiama
antics	antics
antidote	priešnuodis
antifungal	priešgrybeliniai
antigravity	antigravitacija
antimony	stibis
antipathy	antipatija
antiquarian	antikvariatas
antiquated	senovinis
antique	Senovinis
antiques	antikvariniai daiktai
antiquity	senovė
antiseptic	antiseptikas
antisocial	antisocialas
antithesis	antitezė
antithetical	antithetic
antiviral	antivirusinis
antler	antleris
antsy	antsy
anus	anus
anvil	kvailys
anxiety	nerimas
anxietyattack	NO TRANSLATION
anxious	nerimas
anxiousness	nerimas
anytime	bet kuriuo metu
aorta	aortos
aortic	aortas
apace	apace
apache	apache
apartment	Butas
apartments	apartamentai
apathetic	apatiškas
apathy	apatija
ape	ape
aperture	diafragma
apex	viršūnė
aphid	aphid
aphrodisiac	afrodiziakas
apiece	gabalas
aplomb	aplomb
apocalypse	apokalipsė
apocalyptic	apokaliptinis
apologetic	Apologetic
apologist	apologistas
apologize	Atsiprašau
apology	Atsiprašau
apostasy	apostasija
apostate	apostatas
apostle	apaštalas
apostolic	apaštališkas
apostrophe	apostrofas
apothecary	apotheciaras
appalled	siaubė
appalling	baisus
apparatus	aparatas
apparel	drabužiai
apparent	akivaizdus
apparently	matyt
apparition	pasirodymas
appeal	skundas
appear	atsiras
appearance	išvaizda
appease	nuraminti
appellant	apeliantas
append	pridėti
appendage	priedas
appendectomy	apendektomija
appendicitis	apendicitas
appendix	priedas
appetite	apetitas
appetizer	užkandis
appetizing	apetitas
applaud	sveikinu
applause	plojimai
apple	obuolys
apple juice	obuolių sultys
applejack	applejack
applesauce	obuoliai
appliance	prietaisas
appliances	prietaisai
applicability	taikomumas
applicable	taikoma
applicant	pareiškėjas
application	prašymas
apply	taikyti
appoint	paskirti
appointment	paskyrimas
appointments	paskyrimai
apportion	paskirstymas
apportionment	paskirstymas
appraisal	vertinimas
appraise	vertinti
appreciable	pastebimas
appreciate	vertiname
appreciated	vertinamas
appreciates	vertina
appreciation	dėkingi
appreciative	dėkingi
apprehend	sulaikyti
apprehension	susirūpinimą
apprehensive	nerimauja
apprentice	mokinys
apprenticeship	pameistrystė
approach	metodas
approaching	artėja
approbate	NO TRANSLATION
approbation	aprobavimas
appropriate	tinkamas
appropriation	asignavimas
approval	patvirtinimas
approve	patvirtinti
approved	patvirtintas
approvement	patvirtinimas
approving	tvirtinimas
approximate	apytiksliai
approximately	maždaug
approximating	apytiksliai
approximation	apytiksliai
appurtenances	asociacijos
apricot	abrikosas
apron	prijuostė
apt	apt
aptitude	tinkamumas
aqua	vanduo
aquamarine	akvamarinas
aquarium	akvariumas
aquatic	vandens
aqueduct	Akvedukas
aqueous	vandeninis
arable	ariamasis
arbiter	arbitras
arbitrary	savavališkas
arbitrate	arbitražas
arbitration	arbitražas
arbitrator	arbitras
arbor	pavėsinė
arc	lankas
arcade	arcade
arcane	arcane
arch	arka
archaeological	archeologiniai
archaeologist	archeologas
archaeology	archeologija
archaic	archajiškas
archangel	Archangelas
archbishop	arkivyskupas
archdiocese	arkivyskupija
archduke	Edukuche
arched	išlenktas
archer	archer
archery	šaudymas iš lanko
archetype	archetipas
archipelago	archipelagas
architect	architektas
architectural	architektūrinis
architecture	architektūra
archive	archyvuoti
arctic	arktinis
ardent	karštas
ardor	bjaurus
arduous	sunkus
area	plotas
arena	arena
areola	areola
areyoukidding	NO TRANSLATION
areyoukiddingme	NO TRANSLATION
argent	NO TRANSLATION
argh	argh
arghh	NO TRANSLATION
arghhhh	NO TRANSLATION
argue	ginčytis
argument	argumentas
argumentation	argumentavimas
argumentative	argumentuotas
arguments	argumentai
arid	sausas
arise	kilti
aristocracy	aristokratija
aristocrat	aristokratas
aristocratic	aristokratiškas
arithmetic	aritmetinis
ark	arkas
arm	ranka
armada	Armada
armament	ginkluote
armaments	ginkluote
armature	armatūra
armchair	fotelis
armed	ginkluotosios
armor	šarvai
armored	šarvuotos
armory	ginkluote
armpit	pažastis
arms	rankos
army	armija
aroma	aromatas
aromatherapy	aromaterapija
arousal	susijaudinimas
arouse	pakelti
aroused	sukėlė
arraignment	kaltinimas
arrange	susitarti
arranged	išdėstytas
arrangement	išdėstymas
array	masyvas
arrears	įsiskolinimas
arrest	areštas
arrhythmia	aritmija
arrival	Atvykimas
arrive	atvykti
arrogance	arogancija
arrogant	arogantiškas
arrow	rodyklė
arsehole	arsehole
arseholes	arseholes
arsenal	arsenalas
arsenic	arsenas
arson	padegimas
arsonist	dvasininkas
art	menas
arterial	arterija
artery	arterija
artful	kvailas
arthritis	artritas
arthropod	nariuotakojų
artichoke	artišokas
article	straipsnis
articles	straipsniai
articulate	suformuluoti
articulation	sąveika
artifact	artefaktas
artifice	artifice
artificial	dirbtinis
artillery	artilerija
artisan	amatininkas
artist	menininkas
artiste	NO TRANSLATION
artistic	meninis
artistry	meniškumas
artists	menininkai
artwork	meno kūriniai
arty	arty
asap	kaip galima greičiau
asbestos	asbestas
ascend	pakilti
ascendancy	ascendancy
ascendant	ascending
ascending	didėjantis
ascension	ascension
ascent	pakilimas
ascertain	įsitikinkite
ascertained	nustatytas
ascetic	asketika
ash	pelenai
ashamed	sugėdintas
ashes	pelenai
ashtray	peleninė
asinine	asinine
ask	paklausk
asleeep	NO TRANSLATION
asleep	miega
asp	asp
asparagus	šparagai
aspartame	aspartamas
aspect	aspektas
aspects	aspektai
aspen	aspen
asphalt	asfaltas
asphyxia	asfiksija
asphyxiation	asfyxiation
aspiration	aspiracija
aspire	aspira
aspirin	aspirinas
aspiring	siekiantis
ass	asilas
assail	užmušti
assailant	užpuolikas
assassin	Assassin
assassinate	nužudyti
assassination	nužudymas
assault	puolimas
assay	testas
assemblage	surinkimas
assemble	surinkti
assembled	surinkti
assembly	surinkimas
assemblyman	surinkėjas
assent	pritarimas
assert	teigti
asserting	teigdamas
assertion	teiginys
assertive	tvirtas
assess	įvertinti
assessment	vertinimas
assessor	vertintojas
asset	turtas
assets	turtas
asshole	asilas
assign	priskirti
assignee	perėmėjas
assignment	paskyrimas
assimilate	asimiliuot
assimilation	asimiliacija
assist	padėti
assistance	parama
assistant	asistentas
associate	bendradarbis
association	asociacija
assorted	Įvairūs
assortment	asortimentas
assuage	palengvinti
assume	prisiimkite
assumed	prielaida
assuming	darant prielaidą
assumption	prielaida
assurance	garantija
assure	įsitikinkite
assured	patikėta
assuredly	tikrai
asterisk	žvaigždutė
asteroid	asteroidas
asteroids	asteroidai
asthma	astma
asthmatic	astma
astigmatism	astigmatizmas
astonish	nustebinti
astonished	apstulbintas
astonishing	stebina
astonishingly	NO TRANSLATION
astonishment	nuostaba
astound	asound
astral	astralinis
astray	klaidinga
astringent	sutraukiantis
astrologer	astrologas
astrology	astrologija
astronaut	astronautas
astronomer	astronomas
astronomical	astronominis
astronomy	astronomija
astute	akli
asunder	asunder
asylum	prieglobstis
asymmetric	asimetriška
asymmetry	asimetrija
asymptotic	asimptotinis
atelier	ateljė
atheism	Ateizmas
atheist	ateistas
atheistic	ateistinis
atherosclerosis	aterosklerozė
athlete	sportininkas
athletic	Atletiškas
athleticism	atletika
athletics	lengvoji atletika
atlas	atlasas
atmosphere	atmosfera
atmospheric	atmosfera
atoll	atolas
atom	atomas
atomic	atominis
atone	Atonas
atonement	atpirkimas
atpeace	taikoje
atrium	atriumas
atrocious	žiaurus
atrocity	žiaurumas
atrophy	atrofija
attach	pritvirtinti
attached	pridedamas
attachment	priesaga
attack	ataka
attacker	užpuolikas
attacking	puola
attain	pasiekti
attainable	pasiekiamas
attainment	pasiekimai
attempt	bandymas
attempted	bandė
attend	dalyvauti
attendance	lankomumas
attendant	palydovas
attention	dėmesio
attentionseeker	NO TRANSLATION
attentionseekers	NO TRANSLATION
attentive	dėmesingas
attenuate	susilpninti
attenuated	susilpnintas
attenuation	silpninimas
attest	patvirtinti
attestation	atestacija
attic	palėpėje
attire	apranga
attitude	požiūris
attorney	advokatas
attract	pritraukti
attraction	pritraukimas
attractive	patrauklus
attractiveness	patrauklumas
attributable	priskirtinas
attribute	atributas
attribution	priskyrimas
attrition	trauka
auburn	auburn
auction	aukcione
auctioneer	aukcione
audacious	audringas
audacity	drąsumas
audible	girdimas
audience	auditorija
audio	garsas
audit	auditas
audition	klausymasis
auditions	klausymai
auditor	auditorius
auditorium	auditorija
auditory	klausytis
aught	taip
augment	didinti
augmentation	padidinimas
august	Rugpjūtis
aunt	teta
auntie	teta
aura	aura
aurora	Aurora
auspices	globoja
auspicious	palankus
austere	austere
austerity	taupymas
authentic	autentiškas
authenticate	patvirtinti
authentication	autentifikavimas
authenticity	autentiškumas
author	autorius
authoritative	autoritetingas
authority	institucija
authorization	leidimas
authorize	leisti
authorized	įgaliotas
authorship	autorius
autism	autizmas
autistic	autizmo
auto	automatinis
autobiographical	autobiografinis
autobiography	autobiografija
autocorrect	automatiškai koreguojamas
autocratic	autokratiškas
autograph	autografas
autographed	autografuotas
automated	automatizuota
automatic	automatinis
automobile	automobilis
automotive	automobiliai
autonomy	autonomija
autopilot	autopilotas
autopsy	autopsija
autumn	ruduo
auxiliary	pagalbinis
avail	pasinaudoti
availability	prieinamumas
available	prieinama
avalanche	lavina
avarice	avarija
avatar	avataras
avenge	kerštas
avenger	keršytojas
avenging	kerštas
avenue	alėja
aver	NO TRANSLATION
average	vidurkis
aversation	NO TRANSLATION
averse	nepasitenkinimas
averseness	atvirumas
aversion	nepasitenkinimas
avert	išvengti
aviary	aviary
aviation	aviacija
aviator	aviatorius
avid	avid
avocado	avokadas
avoid	vengti
avoidance	vengimas
avoiding	išvengti
await	laukti
awake	pabusti
awaken	pabusti
awakening	pabudimas
award	apdovanojimas
awards	apdovanojimai
aware	žino
awareness	sąmoningumas
awe	NO TRANSLATION
awed	awed
awesome	nuostabu
awesomeness	malonumas
awestruck	baisu
awful	baisus
awkward	nepatogu
awkwardness	nepatogumas
awning	tentas
awry	bjaurus
axe	kirvis
axial	ašinis
axiom	aksioma
axiomatic	aksiomatinis
axis	ašis
axle	ašis
ay	ay
aye	aye
azimuth	azimutas
azure	azure
babble	skamba
babbling	šūdas
babe	babe
baboon	babuonas
baby	kūdikis
babysit	babysit
babysitter	Auklė
baccalaureate	bakalaureatas
baccarat	baccarat
bachelor	bakalauras
bachelorette	bachelorette
back	atgal
backboard	backboard
backbone	pagrindas
backdoor	galinės durys
backdrop	fonas
backer	rėmėjas
backfire	atgalimas
backgammon	nardai
background	fonas
backhand	atgalinė
backhoe	ekskavatorius
backoff	atstok
backpack	kuprinė
backpacker	kuprinė
backroom	užpakalinė dalis
backseat	backseat
backside	backside
backtrack	backtrack
backup	atsarginė kopija
backward	atgal
backwardness	atsilikimas
backwards	atgal
backwater	užtvankos
backwoods	griuvėsiai
backyard	galinis kiemas
bacon	bacon
bacteria	bakterijos
bacterial	bakterinis
bacterium	bakterija
bad	blogai
badass	Blogiukas
badday	NO TRANSLATION
badfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
badge	ženklelis
badger	barberis
badhabit	NO TRANSLATION
badly	blogai
badness	blogybė
baffle	pertvara
baffled	nerimtas
bag	maišas
bagel	bagel
baggage	bagažas
baggie	baggie
baggy	baggy
bagman	Bagmanas
bagpipes	dulkes
bail	užstatą
bailiff	antstolis
bait	masalas
bake	kepti
bakery	kepykla
baking	kepimo
bal	NO TRANSLATION
balance	balansas
balanced	subalansuotas
balcony	balkonas
bald	nuplikęs
balding	baldingas
baldy	Baldy
bale	ritinys
balk	balkas
ball	kamuolys
ballad	baladė
ballast	balastas
ballerina	balerina
ballet	baletas
ballgame	kamuolio žaidimas
ballistic	balistinis
ballistics	balistika
balloon	balionas
ballot	balsavimas
ballpark	aikštė
ballplayer	kamuolys žaidėjas
ballpoint	taurė
ballroom	pobūvių salė
ballsy	kamuoliukas
balm	balzamas
balmy	balmy
balsam	balzamas
balsamic	balzamiko
bam	bam
bamboo	bambukas
ban	NO TRANSLATION
banana	bananas
band	juosta
bandage	tvarstis
bandanna	NO TRANSLATION
bandit	banditas
bandstand	bandstand
bandwagon	treniruoklis
bandwidth	pralaidumas
bane	buna
bang	sprogti
banger	bangeris
banish	pašalinti
banished	ištremtas
banishment	išvedimas
banister	plytelės
banjo	banjo
bank	bankas
banker	bankininkas
banking	bankininkystė
bankroll	bankrotas
bankrupt	bankrotas
bankruptcy	bankrotas
banner	reklamjuostė
banquet	banketą
banshee	banshee
banter	banter
banzai	NO TRANSLATION
baptism	krikštas
baptismal	krikštas
baptize	krikštyti
bar	baras
barb	barb
barbarian	barbaras
barbaric	barbariškas
barbarism	barbarizmas
barbecue	Barbekiu
barbed	spygliuotas
barber	kirpykla
barbershop	kirpykla
barbie doll	lėlė Barbė
bard	baras
bare	plikas
bareback	bareback
barefoot	basos
barely	vos
barf	barf
bargain	derėtis
bargaining	derybos
barge	barža
baritone	baritonas
barium	baris
bark	žievė
barkeep	barkeep
barks	barks
barley	miežiai
barmaid	barmenė
barman	barmenas
barn	tvartas
barnacle	Biurokratas
barney	Barney
barnyard	barnyard
barometer	barometras
baron	baronas
baroness	baronienė
baroque	barokas
barrack	baraką
barracuda	Barracuda
barrage	užtvankos
barred	draudžiama
barrel	barelis
barren	nevaisingas
barricade	barikadas
barrier	barjeras
barring	draudimas
barrister	advokatas
barroom	baras
barrow	barrow
bartender	barmenas
barter	mainai
base	bazė
baseball	beisbolas
baseball bat	beisbolo lazda
baseboard	pagrindinė plokštė
baseless	be pagrindo
baseline	bazinis lygis
baseman	baseman
basement	rūsyje
bases	pagrindai
bash	bash
bashful	siaubingas
basic	pagrindinis
basics	pagrindai
basil	bazilikas
basilica	bazilika
basin	baseinas
basis	pagrindas
bask	maudytis
basket	krepšelis
basketball	krepšinis
bass	bosas
bass guitar	bosinė gitara
basso	NO TRANSLATION
bassoon	fagotas
bastard	bastard
bastarding	bustarding
bastards	bastards
bastion	bastionas
bat	šikšnosparnis
batch	partija
batching	partija
bate	NO TRANSLATION
bath	vonia
bathe	maudytis
bathhouse	pirtis
bathing	maudytis
bathrobe	chalatas
bathroom	vonia
bathtub	vonia
bathymetry	batimetrija
baton	batonėlis
battalion	batalionas
batter	tešlą
battered	sumuštas
battering	plakimas
battery	baterija
battle	mūšis
battled	kovojo
battlefield	mūšio laukas
battleground	mūšio laukas
battlements	bokštelius
battleship	karo laivas
batty	batty
bauble	truputį
bawdy	bawdy
bawl	Bawl
bay	įlankoje
bayonet	bajonetas
bayou	bayou
bazaar	turgus
bazooka	bazooka
bday	bday
be	būti
beach	papludimys
beaches	paplūdimiai
beacon	švyturys
bead	karoliukas
beading	karoliukas
beads	karoliukai
beady	beady
beagle	beagle
beak	snapas
beaker	keptuvėlis
beam	spindulys
beaming	spinduliuojantis
bean	pupelė
beanbag	pupelių maišas
beanie	beanie
bear	turėti
bearable	toleruojamas
beard	barzda
bearded	barzdotas
bearer	nešėjas
bearing	guolis
bearings	guoliai
bearish	lydekas
bearskin	Bearskin
beast	žvėris
beastly	bjaurus
beat	mušti
beaten	sumuštas
beater	šaulys
beating	plakimas
beatnik	beatnik
beau	beau
beautification	grožis
beautiful	grazus
beautify	pagražinti
beauty	grožis
beaver	bebras
bebop	bebop
beck	beck
beckon	paskambinti
become	tapti
bed	lova
bedding	patalynė
bedpan	bedpan
bedrock	pagrindas
bedroom	miegamasis
bedside	nakvynė
bedspread	lovatiesė
bedtime	prieš miegą
bee	bičių
beef	jautiena
beefsteak	jautienos kepsnys
beehive	avilys
beep	pyptelėti
beeper	garsiakalbis
beer	alus
bees	bitės
beeswax	bičių vaškas
beetle	vabalas
befall	atsitikti
befitting	tinkamas
befriend	drauge
befuddled	pasipūtęs
beg	prašau
beggar	elgeta
begging	meldimas
begin	prasideda
beginner	pradedantysis
beginning	pradžia
beginnings	pradžia
begrudge	prašau
begun	prasidėjo
behappy	NO TRANSLATION
behave	elgtis
behavior	elgesys
behavioral	elgesys
behemoth	behemothas
behest	prašau
behold	štai
beholden	atrodo
beholder	žiūrovas
beige	smėlio spalvos
belated	pavėluotas
belay	belay
belch	nuleisti
belief	tikėjimas
believable	tikėtina
believe	tikėk
believed	tikėjo
believer	tikintis
believing	tikintis
belittle	nuraminti
belittled	nuramintas
bell	varpas
bellboy	varpelis
bellhop	staliukas
belligerent	karingasis
bellman	varpinas
bellow	žemiau
bellows	silfonas
belly	pilvas
bellybutton	bamba
bellyful	pilvas
belong	priklausyti
belongings	daiktai
beloved	mylimasis
belt	diržas
beluga	beluga
bemused	Susipainiojęs
bench	suolas
bend	sulenkti
bender	Bender
bending	lenkimas
beneath	po žeme
benedictory	Benediktinis
benefactor	geradarys
beneficial	naudingas
beneficiary	naudos gavėjas
benefit	nauda
benevolence	geranoriškumas
benevolent	geranoriškas
benign	gerybingas
bent	išlenktas
benzene	benzenas
bequeath	palikti paveldi
bequest	užklausa
bereaved	prarasta
bereavement	praradimas
bereft	nepasiekiamas
beret	beretė
bergamot	bergamotis
berlin	Berlynas
berserk	Berserk
berth	krantinė
beryllium	Berilis
beseech	prašau
beset	apipjaustyti
bestdayever	geriausia diena
bestfeeling	geriausias jausmas
bestfriends	Geriausi draugai
bestial	žvėris
besties	besties
bestow	dovanok
bestseller	geriausiai parduodamas
bet	bet
beta	beta
betray	išduoti
betrayal	išdavystė
betrayed	išduotas
betrothed	susituokęs
betterment	gerinimas
betting	lažybos
betty	Betty
bevel	kvadratas
beverage	gėrimas
bevy	bevy
beware	saugotis
bewilder	keista
bewildered	sumišimas
bewilderment	sumišimas
bias	šališkumas
biased	šališkas
bib	bib
bible	Biblija
biblical	biblinis
bibliography	bibliografija
bicarbonate	bikarbonatas
bicentennial	dvidešimtmetį
biceps	bicepsas
bicker	bicker
bickering	siaubti
bicolor	bicolor
bicycle	dviratis
bid	pasiūlymas
bidder	siūlytojas
bidding	siūlymas
bide	NO TRANSLATION
biennial	bienalė
bier	NO TRANSLATION
bifurcation	bifurkacija
big	didelis
bigamy	bigamy
bigday	svarbi diena
biggestfear	NO TRANSLATION
biggie	Biggie
bighorn	didelis ragas
bigmouth	Didelė burna
bigot	fanatas
bigoted	fantazuoti
bigotry	fantazija
bike	dviratis
biker	baikeris
bikini	bikini
bilateral	dvišalė
bilayer	dvigubas sluoksnis
bile	tulžis
bilge	triumfas
bilingual	dvikalbis
bill	sąskaitą
billboard	skelbimų lenta
billet	užrašas
billiard	biliardas
billiards	biliardas
billing	atsiskaitymas
billion	mlrd
billionaire	milijardierius
billy	Billy
bimbo	Bimbo
bimonthly	kartą per mėnesį
bin	bin
binary	dvejetainis
bind	įpareigoti
binder	rišiklis
bindery	užsegimas
binding	privalomas
bing	Bing
binge	girtis
bingo	Bingo
binocular	binokliškas
binoculars	žiūronai
binomial	binomial
bio	bio
biochemical	biocheminis
biochemist	biochemikas
biochemistry	biochemija
biogenesis	biogenezė
biographer	biografas
biography	biografija
biological	biologinis
biologist	biologas
biology	biologija
bionic	bioninė
biopsy	biopsija
biosphere	biosfera
bipartite	dvišalis
bipolar	bipolinis
birch	beržas
bird	paukštis
birdcage	paukščio narvas
birdie	paukštis
birdman	paukštis
birth	Gimdymas
birthday	gimtadienis
birthing	birthing
birthmark	gimimo ženklas
birthplace	gimimo vieta
birthright	pirmagimis
bis	NO TRANSLATION
biscuit	biskvitas
bisexual	biseksualus
bishop	vyskupas
bison	bizonas
bisque	bisque
bistro	bistro
bit	šiek tiek
bitch	kalė
bitchy	bitchy
bite	įkandimas
biter	NO TRANSLATION
bitsy	bitsy
bitter	kartaus
bitterly	kartaus
bitterness	kartumas
bittersweet	kartis
bitty	bitty
bitumen	bitumas
biweekly	dvi savaites
biz	biz
bizarre	keistas
blab	blab
blabbermouth	Blabbermouth
black	juoda
black snake	juoda gyvatė
blackberry	gervuogė
blackbird	juodasis paukštis
blackboard	lenta
blacken	juodinti
blackface	blackface
blackjack	Blackjack
blacklist	juodasis sąrašas
blackmail	šantažas
blackmailer	šantažininkas
blackness	juodumas
blackout	aklavietė
blacksmith	kalvis
bladder	šlapimo pūslė
blade	ašmenys
blame	kaltinti
blameless	nepriekaištingas
bland	nuobodus
blank	tuščias
blanket	antklodė
blare	blare
blase	NO TRANSLATION
blasphemous	šventvagiškas
blasphemy	šventvagystė
blast	sprogimas
blaster	blasteris
blastoff	pakilkite
blatant	akivaizdus
blather	valyti
blaze	blaze
blazer	šlepetė
blazing	pyksta
bleach	baliklis
bleak	nuobodus
bleed	kraujuoti
bleeder	bleizeris
bleeding	kraujavimas
bleep	bleep
blemish	trūkumas
blemished	blauzdotas
blend	mišinys
blender	maišiklis
blending	maišymas
bless	palaiminti
blessed	palaimintas
blessing	palaiminimas
blessings	palaiminimai
bleu	bleu
blight	purvinas
blighted	blighted
blimp	blizga
blind	aklas
blinded	aklai
blindfold	sargybinis aklas
blindfolded	su akimis
blinding	apakinti
blindly	aklai
blindness	aklumas
blink	mirksi
blip	blip
bliss	palaima
blissful	palaimingas
blister	lizdinė plokštelė
blistering	pūslės
blitz	Blitz
blizzard	blizzardas
bloat	išpūsti
bloated	išpūstas
blob	BLOB
block	blokuoti
blockade	blokada
blockage	blokavimas
blockbuster	Blockbuster
blockhead	bosas
blog	dienoraštis
bloke	blokuoti
blond	blondinė
blonde	Šviesiaplaukis
blood	kraujas
bloodbath	kraujas
bloodhound	kraujas
bloodless	beverčiai
bloodline	kraujo linija
bloodshed	kraujo praliejimas
bloodshot	kraujo pylimas
bloodstream	kraujotaka
bloodthirsty	kraujo įsivertinimas
bloody	kruvinas
bloom	žydi
bloomers	bloomers
blooming	žydi
blossom	žiedas
blot	blot
blotched	blotched
blotter	bloteris
blouse	palaidinė
blow	smūgis
blower	pūstuvas
blowfish	blowfish
blowing	pučia
blowjob	blowjob
blown	prapūstas
blowout	išpūsti
blowtorch	blowtorch
blubber	blubber
bluddy	bluddy
blue	mėlynas
blue spruce	mėlyna eglė
blueberry	mėlynių
bluebird	mėlynas paukštis
bluegrass	Bluegrassas
bluejay	bluejay
blueprint	techninis piešinys
blues	bliuzas
bluff	blefas
bluish	melsva
blunder	klaida
blunt	bukas
blur	blur
blurred	neryškus
blurry	neryškus
blurt	sumušė
blush	susiraukti
blushing	blushing
boa	NO TRANSLATION
boa constrictor	NO TRANSLATION
boar	šernas
board	lenta
board game	stalo žaidimas
boarder	NO TRANSLATION
boarding	įlaipinimas
boardroom	posėdžių salė
boards	lentos
boardwalk	tvenkinys
boast	pasigirti
boastful	pasigyrimas
boasting	pasigyrimas
boat	valtis
boathouse	boathouse
boating	plaukiojimas laivu
boatload	laivais
boatman	valtis
bobbin	bobas
bobcat	bobcat
bobsled	bobsledas
bode	bode
bodega	Bodega
bodice	liemenė
bodily	kūno
body	kūnas
bodyguard	sargybinis
bog	pelkė
bogey	bogey
bogeyman	bogeyman
bogus	fiktyvus
bohemian	bohemiškas
boil	virti
boiler	katilas
boilerplate	boeliplate
boiling	virimo
boisterous	audringas
bold	drąsus
boldness	drąsa
bollocks	bollocks
bolster	sustiprinti
bolt	varžtas
bolus	boliusas
bomb	bomba
bombard	bombarduoti
bombardier	bombardierius
bombardment	bombardavimas
bombed	bombardavo
bomber	bombonešis
bombers	sprogdintojas
bombing	bombardavimas
bombshell	bomba
bonanza	bonanza
bonbon	NO TRANSLATION
bond	obligacija
bondage	vergija
bonding	klijavimas
bonds	obligacijos
bondsman	bondsman
bone	kaulas
bonehead	bonehead
boner	atbaidyti
bones	kaulai
bonfire	laužas
bong	Bongas
bonkers	bonkers
bonne	NO TRANSLATION
bonnet	variklio dangtis
bonny	malonus
bonsai	bonsai
bonus	premija
bony	kaulinis
boo	boo
boob	boob
booby	booby
booger	booger
boogeyman	boogeyman
boogie	bogis
book	knyga
bookcase	knygos spintelė
bookie	Bookie
booking	rezervavimas
bookish	bookish
bookkeeper	buhalteris
bookkeeping	buhalterinė apskaita
booklet	brošiūra
bookmaker	bukmacher
bookmark	žymeklis
books	knygos
bookseller	knygų pardavėjas
bookshop	knygynas
bookstore	knygynas
bookworm	knygynas
boom	bumas
boomer	boomeris
boomerang	bumerangas
booming	klesti
boon	palaima
boooo	NO TRANSLATION
boost	paskatinti
booster	stiprintuvas
boot	boot
booth	stendas
bootleg	bootleg
bootlegger	bootlegger
boots	batai
booty	grobis
booze	booze
bop	BOP
bopper	boperis
border	sienos
bordering	ribojasi
borderline	pasienio
bore	pagimdė
boreal	borealinis
bored	nuobodžiaujantis
boredom	nuobodulys
borer	gręžtuvas
boring	nuobodu
born	gimęs
boron	boras
borough	rajonas
borrow	skolintis
borrower	skolininkas
bosom	pirštas
boss	bosas
bossy	valdingas
boston	Bostonas
botanical	botanikos
botanist	botanikas
botany	botanika
bother	nerimauti
bothering	grisus
bottle	butelis
bottleneck	butelio kakliukas
bottling	išpilstymas
bottom	apačioje
bottomless	be dūmų
botulism	botulizmas
boulder	riedulys
bounce	bounce
bouncer	biuletenis
bouncy	bouncy
bound	privaloma
boundary	riba
boundless	beribis
bounds	ribos
bountiful	puikus
bounty	lazda
bouquet	puokštė
bourbon	Burbonas
bourgeois	buržuazinis
bourgeoisie	buržuazija
bourse	birža
bout	bout
boutique	boutique
bouttime	bouttime
bovine	galvijai
bow	lankas
bowed	nusilenkė
bowel	žarnynas
bowels	žarnynas
bowl	dubuo
bowler	bouleris
bowling	boulingas
bowls	dubenys
box	dėžė
boxcar	boxcar
boxer	boksininkas
boxers	boksininkai
boxing	boksas
boy	berniukas
boycott	boikotuoti
boyfriend	vaikinas
boyhood	vaikystę
boyish	berniukas
boysenberry	boysenberry
bozo	bozo
bra	liemenėlė
brace	petneša
bracelet	apyrankė
braces	petnešos
brachial	Brachialas
bracket	laikiklis
brackets	skliausteliuose
brackish	sūrus
brad	Bradas
brag	pasidaryk
braid	padažu
brain	smegenys
brainless	beprasmiška
brains	smegenys
brainstorm	smegenų audra
brainwash	smegenų plovimas
brainy	sumanus
brake	stabdis
bran	sėlenos
branch	filialas
branching	filialas
brand	prekės ženklas
brandy	brendis
brash	netinkamas
brass	Žalvaris
brass knuckle	žalvarinis kumštis
brassiere	liemenėlė
brat	vaikpalaikis
bratwurst	bratwurst
bravado	bravado
brave	drąsus
bravery	drąsa
brawl	sumušimas
brawn	raumeningas
brazen	bjaurus
breach	pažeidimas
bread	duona
breadth	plotis
break	pertrauka
breakable	purus
breakaway	separator
breakdown	palaužti
breaker	pertraukiklis
breakers	pertraukikliai
breakfast	pusryčiai
breaking and entering	Įsibrovimas
breakingnews	breaknews
breakneck	siaubas
breakthrough	proveržis
breakup	išsiskirti
breast	krūtinė
breath	kvėpavimas
breathe	kvėpuoti
breather	kvėpuojantis
breathless	dusulys
breathtaking	kvapą gniaužianti
breech	liemenė
breeches	bridžai
breed	veislė
breeder	selekcininkas
breeding	veisimas
breeze	vėjas
breezy	vėjas
brethren	broliai
breve	NO TRANSLATION
brevity	trumpumas
brew	užvirti
brewery	alaus darykla
brewing	alaus
briar	briar
bribe	kyšis
bribery	kyšininkavimas
brick	plyta
bridal	vestuvės
bride	nuotaka
bridegroom	jaunikis
bridesmaid	pamergė
bridge	tiltas
bridle	jaunikis
brief	trumpas
briefcase	portfelį
briefing	instruktažas
briefly	trumpai
brig	brig
brigade	brigada
bright	šviesus
brighten	ryškesni
brightens	šviesina
brighter	šviesesnė
brightness	ryškumas
brilliance	blizgesį
brilliant	puikus
brim	kraštas
brimming	pilnavertis
brimstone	siera
brine	sūrymas
bring	atsinešti
brink	brink
brisk	bjaurus
brisket	krūtinukas
bristle	šeriai
brittle	trapus
bro	bro
broach	pakelti
broad	platus
broadcast	transliuoti
broadcasting	transliavimas
broaden	išplėsti
broadside	palydovas
broadsword	plačialapas žodis
brocade	brocade
broccoli	Brokoliai
brochure	brošiūra
broil	broil
broke	sumušė
broken	sunaikintas
brokenheart	NO TRANSLATION
brokenhearted	pažeista širdis
broker	brokeris
brokerage	tarpininkavimas
bromide	bromidas
bronco	bronco
bronze	bronzos
brooch	sagė
brood	broodai
brooding	brooding
brook	srautas
broom	šluota
broomstick	šlifuoklis
broth	sultinys
brothel	bordelis
brother	brolis
brotherhood	brolija
brotherly	broliai
brow	brow
brown	ruda
brownstone	Brownstone
browse	naršyti
brrr	brrr
bruise	mėlynė
bruising	mėlynės
brunch	Brunch
brunette	brunetė
brunt	smūgis
brush	teptuku
brutal	brutalus
brutality	brutalumas
brute	brute
brutish	brutish
bubble	burbulas
bubbling	burbuliuoti
bubbly	švelnus
bubonic	bubonikas
buck	Buck
buckaroo	buckaroo
bucket	kibiras
buckle	sagtis
buckled	pakabintas
bucko	bucko
buckshot	sargas
buckwheat	grikiai
bud	budas
buddha	buda
buddhism	budizmas
buddhist	budizmas
budding	pradedantysis
buddy	bičiulis
budge	nukreipti
budget	biudžetas
buff	mėgdžioti
buffalo	buivolai
buffer	buferis
buffering	buferizavimas
buffet	bufetas
buffoon	bifundas
bug	klaida
bugaboo	bugaboo
bugged	bugged
bugger	bugger
buggy	buggy
bugle	bugle
bugler	bugleris
build	statyti
builder	statybininkas
building	pastatas
buildings	pastatai
buildup	pastatyti
bulb	lemputė
bulbous	svogūnas
bulge	bulge
bulimic	bulimikas
bulk	birūs
bulkhead	pertvara
bulky	didelių gabaritų
bull	buliukas
bulldog	buldogas
bulldozer	buldozeris
bullet	bullet
bulletin	biuletenis
bulletproof	bulletproof
bullfighter	bokštas
bullfrog	Bullfrog
bullheaded	buliukas
bullhorn	Bullhorn
bullion	sidabrinė
bullock	bulija
bullpen	koplytstulpis
bullshit	nesąmonė
bully	patyčias
bulwark	bokštas
bum	Bum
bumblebee	kamanė
bummed	Bummeras
bummer	bummeris
bump	bump
bumper	bamperis
bumpy	bamperis
bun	NO TRANSLATION
bunch	krūva
bundle	ryšulys
bungalow	vasarnamį
bungee	bungee
bunghole	bunghole
bunion	bunionas
bunk	dviaukštis
bunker	bunkeris
bunkhouse	bunkhouse
bunny	zuikis
bunt	bunt
buoy	plūdurys
buoyancy	plūdrumas
buoyant	plūduriuojantis
bur	bur
burden	našta
burdened	apsunkintas
burdensome	našta
bureau	biuras
bureaucracy	biurokratija
bureaucrat	biurokratas
bureaucratic	biurokratija
burger	mesainis
burglar	įsilaužimas
burglary	įsilaužimas
burial	laidojimas
buried	palaidotas
burke	burke
burlap	lapelė
burlesque	Burlesque
burly	gudrus
burn	deginti
burned	sudegino
burner	degiklis
burning	deginimas
burnished	išpūstas
burnout	išsekimas
burnt	sudegęs
burp	šoktelėti
burr	perriukas
burrito	Burrito
burro	NO TRANSLATION
burrow	nykštukas
bursary	stipendija
burst	sprogo
bury	palaidoti
bus	autobusas
busboy	Busboy
bush	krūmas
bushel	Bušelis
bushy	gausus
business	verslas
business man	NO TRANSLATION
businessman	verslininkas
businesswoman	verslininkė
busload	autobusas
buss	autobusas
bust	biustas
busted	busted
buster	Busteris
bustle	šurmulys
bustling	triukšmingas
busy	užsiėmes
busybody	busybody
butane	butanas
butcher	mėsininkas
butler	butleris
butt	užpakalis
butter	sviestas
buttercup	buttercup
butterfly	drugelis
buttermilk	pasukos
butterscotch	butterscotch
buttery	sviestas
buttock	sėdmenis
buttocks	sėdmenis
button	mygtukas
buttress	atrama
buxom	buxom
buy	pirkti
buyer	pirkėjas
buying	pirkti
buzz	Buzz
buzzard	buzzard
buzzed	buzzed
buzzer	švilpukas
buzzing	sumišimas
bye	Ate
bygone	praėjo
bylaw	įstatymas
byline	pagal eilutę
bypass	Apeiti
bystander	asistentas
byte	baitas
byzantine	Byzantine
cab	Taksi
cabal	cabal
cabana	cabana
cabaret	kabaretas
cabbage	kopūstai
cabbie	cabbie
cabernet	kabelis
cabin	kabina
cabinet	kabinetas
cable	kabelis
caboodle	caboodle
caboose	caboose
cabriolet	kabrioletas
cache	talpykla
cacophony	kakofonija
cactus	kaktusas
cad	Cad
cadaver	Cadaver
caddie	NO TRANSLATION
caddy	Caddy
cadence	kadencija
cadet	kariūnas
cafe	kavinė
cafeteria	kavinė
caffeine	kofeinas
cage	narvas
cagey	Cagey
cahoots	cahoots
cairn	kiaulė
cake	tortas
cakewalk	cakewalk
calamari	kalmarai
calamitous	nelaimingas
calamity	nelaimė
calcareous	kalkinti
calcium	kalcis
calculate	apskaičiuoti
calculated	apskaičiuotas
calculating	skaičiuojant
calculation	apskaičiavimas
calculator	skaičiuotuvas
calculus	skaičiavimas
calendar	kalendorius
calender	NO TRANSLATION
calf	veršelis
caliber	kaliberas
calibrate	kalibruoti
calico	Kalico
calipers	kalibratoriai
calisthenics	kalistinė dvasia
call	paskambinti
callback	perskambink
caller	skambintojas
calligraphy	kaligrafija
calling	skambinti
callous	kuklus
calls	skambučiai
calm	ramus
calming	ramina
calmness	ramybė
caloric	kaloringumas
calorie	kalorijas
calorimeter	kalorimetras
cam	kumštelis
camaraderie	draugystė
camber	kibiras
camcorder	vaizdo kamera
camel	kupranugaris
cameo	kamejas
camera	fotoaparatas
cameraman	operatorius
camisole	camisole
camouflage	kamufliažas
camouflaged	NO TRANSLATION
camp	stovykla
campaign	kampanija
campaigner	kampanijos dalyvis
campaigning	kampanijas
camper	kemperis
campfire	laužavietė
camping	kempingas
campsite	stovyklavietė
campus	Campus
can	gali
can opener	skardinių atidarytuvas
canal	kanalas
canary	kanarėlė
cancel	atšaukti
canceling	atšaukimas
cancellation	atšaukimas
cancer	vėžys
candid	atviras
candidacy	kandidatūra
candidate	kandidatas
candied	saldainiai
candle	žvakė
candlelight	žvakių šviesa
candles	žvakės
candlestick	žvakidė
candor	atvirumas
candy	saldainiai
cane	nendrės
canine	šunys
canister	talpykla
canker	atbaidyti
cannabis	kanapių
canned	konservuoti
cannibal	kanibalas
cannibalism	kanibalizmas
canning	konservavimas
cannon	patranka
cannonball	Cannonball
canoe	baidarė
canon	kanonas
canonical	kanoniškas
canons	kanonai
canopy	baldakimas
cantaloupe	Cantaloupe
cantbreathe	NO TRANSLATION
canteen	valgykla
canterbury	Canterbury
canthandleit	NO TRANSLATION
cantilever	konsolė
cantina	cantina
canto	NO TRANSLATION
canton	kantonas
cantstandit	NO TRANSLATION
cantwin	Cantwin
canvas	drobė
canvass	NO TRANSLATION
canyon	kanjonas
cap	dangtelis
capability	gebėjimas
capable	galingas
capacity	pajėgumas
cape	viršūnė
caper	Caper
capillary	kapiliaras
capital	kapitalas
capitalism	kapitalizmas
capitalist	kapitalistinė
capitalize	kapitalizuoti
capitals	sostinės
capitation	viršvalandis
capitol	capitol
capitulation	kapitalizacija
cappuccino	cappuccino
caprice	Caprice
capricious	kaprizingas
caps	dangteliai
capslock	Didžiosios raidės
capsule	kapsulė
captain	kapitonas
caption	antraštė
captivate	patraukti
captivating	patraukliai
captive	nelaisvėje
captivity	nelaisvėje
captor	captor
capture	užfiksuoti
car	automobilis
caramel	karamelė
carat	karatas
caravan	karavanas
carbon	anglis
carburetor	karbiuratorius
carcass	skerdena
carcinoma	karcinoma
card	kortelė
cardboard	kartonas
cardiac	širdies
cardigan	Džemperis
cardinal	kardinolas
cardiologist	kardiologas
cardiology	kardiologija
cardiomyopathy	kardiomiopatija
cards	kortelės
care	priežiūra
career	karjera
carefree	be rūpesčių
careful	atsargiai
carefully	atsargiai
careless	neatsargus
carelessness	nerūpestingumas
caress	glamžyti
caret	caret
caretaker	prižiūrėtojas
cargo	krovinys
caribou	Caribou
caricature	karikatūra
caries	kariesas
caring	rūpintis
carjack	Carjack
carnage	skerdynės
carnal	kūniškas
carnation	gvazdikas
carnival	karnavalas
carnivorous	mėsėdis
carol	carol
carols	giesmės
carousel	karuselė
carp	karpis
carpal	raumenys
carpenter	dailidė
carpentry	dailidės
carpet	kilimas
carpeting	kiliminė danga
carpool	carpool
carriage	vežimas
carried	vežta
carrier	vežėjas
carrot	morkos
carry	nešiotis
carrying	nešioti
carsick	automobiliai
cart	krepšelis
carte	NO TRANSLATION
cartel	kartelis
carter	karteris
cartilage	kremzlės
cartographic	kartografinė
cartography	kartografija
carton	dėžutė
cartoon	animacinis filmas
cartouche	NO TRANSLATION
cartridge	kasetė
carve	iškirpti
carver	carver
carving	drožyba
cascade	kaskados
case	atvejis
casein	kazeinas
cash	pinigai
cashier	kasa
cashmere	kašmyrui
casing	korpusas
casino	kazino
cask	konteineris
casket	karstas
casserole	tortas
cassette	kasetė
cast	mesti
castaway	nukryžiuotas
caste	kastos
caster	ratukas
castle	pilis
castor	rutulys
castrate	kastruoti
castration	kastracija
casual	atsitiktinis
casually	Kasdieniškai
casualty	nelaimingas atsitikimas
cat	katė
catabolism	katabolizmas
catalog	katalogas
catalogue	katalogas
catalysis	katalizė
catalyst	katalizatorius
catalytic	katalizinis
catamaran	katamaranas
catapult	katapulta
cataract	katarakta
catastrophe	katastrofa
catastrophic	katastrofiškas
catatonic	katatoninis
catch	gaudyti
catcher	gaudytojas
catching	gaudyti
catchphrase	frazė
catchy	Įsimintinas
catechism	katekizmas
categorical	kategoriškas
category	Kategorija
cater	patenkinti
caterer	maitinimo įstaiga
caterpillar	vikšras
cates	kates
catfish	šamas
cathartic	katartis
cathedral	katedra
catheter	kateteris
catholic	katalikų
cathouse	cathouse
catnip	Katžolė
cattle	galvijai
catwalk	podiumas
caucus	asociacija
caudal	Kaudalinis
cauldron	katilas
cauliflower	žiediniai kopūstai
caulk	šukti
causal	priežastinis
causality	priežastinis ryšys
causation	priežastinis ryšys
cause	priežastis
caused	sukelia
causeway	prievadas
caution	atsargiai
cautionary	atsargiai
cautious	atsargus
cautiously	atsargiai
cavalier	kavalierius
cavalry	kavalerija
cave	urvas
caveat	įspėjimas
caveman	urvinis žmogus
cavern	urvas
cavernous	cavernous
caviar	ikrai
caving	alksnis
cavity	ertmė
cayenne	Cayenne
cease	nustoti
ceasefire	ugnies nutraukimas
ceaseless	nepertraukiamas
cedar	kedras
cede	pasitraukti
ceiling	lubos
celebrant	švenčiantis
celebrate	švesti
celebrated	švenčiamas
celebrating	šventė
celebration	šventė
celebrations	šventės
celebratory	šventinis
celebrity	garsenybė
celery	salierai
celestial	dangus
celibacy	celibatas
celibate	celibate
cell	ląstelė
cellar	rūsys
cellblock	cellblock
cellist	violončelė
cellmate	kelnaitė
cello	violončelė
cellophane	celiopanas
cellular	ląstelinis
cellulite	celiulitas
celluloid	celiuloidas
cement	cementas
cemented	cementuotas
cemetery	kapinės
censor	cenzūra
censorship	cenzūra
censure	nepasitikėjimas
census	surašymas
cent	centų
centenary	šimtmetį
centennial	centennial
center	centras
centerfold	centerfold
centerpiece	centrinis elementas
centimeter	centimetras
centipede	šimtakas
central	centrinis
centrality	centrinė dalis
centralization	centralizacija
centralize	centralizuoti
centrally	centralizuotai
centrifugal	išcentrinis
centrifuge	centrifuga
centurion	centurionas
century	amžius
ceramic	keramika
ceramics	keramika
cereal	grūdų
cereals	javai
cerebral	cerebralinis
ceremonial	ceremonija
ceremony	ceremonija
certain	tam tikras
certainty	tikrumas
certifiable	sertifikuota
certificate	pažymėjimas
certified	sertifikuota
certify	patvirtinu
cervical	gimdos kaklelis
cervix	gimdos kaklelis
cess	cess
cessation	nutraukimas
cesspool	išmetimas
cha cha	NO TRANSLATION
chaff	pelagai
chafing	švaistymas
chagrin	chagrin
chagrined	susižavėjęs
chai	Chai
chain	grandinė
chainsaw	grandininiai pjūklai
chair	kėdė
chairman	pirmininkas
chairperson	pirmininkas
chairwoman	pirmininkė
chaise	treniruotė
chalet	Chalet
chalice	čekis
chalk	kreida
challenge	iššūkis
challenger	varžovas
chamber	kamera
chambermaid	tarnautojas
chambers	kameros
chameleon	chameleonas
champ	čempinas
champagne	šampanas
champion	čempionas
championship	čempionatas
chance	tikimybė
chancellor	kancleris
chandelier	liustra
chandler	Chandler
change	keisti
changeable	kintamas
changed	pasikeitė
changer	keitiklis
changing	keičiasi
channel	kanalas
chant	skanduoti
chaos	chaosas
chaotic	chaotiškas
chap	sek
chapel	koplyčia
chaperon	chaperonas
chaplain	kapelionas
chapman	Chapmanas
chaps	kvailys
chapter	skyrius
char	char
character	charakteris
characteristic	charakteristika
characterize	apibūdinti
charade	šaradas
charcoal	medžio anglis
chardonnay	Chardonnay
charge	mokestis
chargeable	apmokestinamas
charger	įkroviklis
chariot	vežimėlis
charisma	charizma
charismatic	charizmatiškas
charitable	labdaros
charity	labdara
charlatan	charlatanas
charm	žavesio
charmed	susižavėjo
charmer	charmer
charming	žavus
charred	charred
chart	diagrama
charter	užsakomųjų
chartered	užsakyta
chase	Vytis
chased	persekiojo
chaser	chaser
chasm	tresmė
chassis	važiuoklė
chaste	kvaila
chastened	nubaustas
chastisement	bausmė
chastity	lvalumas
chat	pokalbis
chateau	pilis
chatter	pokalbis
chatterbox	girtuoklis
chattering	bangavimas
chatty	pokalbis
chauffeur	vairuotojas
chauvinist	šovinistas
cheap	pigus
cheapened	pigiau
cheapskate	cheapskate
cheat	apgauti
cheater	apgauti
check	patikrinti
checkbook	čekių knyga
checker	tikrintojas
checkered	klastingas
checkers	šaškės
checklist	kontrolinis sąrašas
checkmate	kontrolinis narys
checkout	atsiskaitymas
checkpoint	kontrolinis punktas
checkup	Patikrinti
cheek	skruostas
cheeks	skruostai
cheeky	įžūlus
cheep	pyragas
cheer	nudžiuginti
cheered	pasveikino
cheerful	linksmas
cheerfulness	linksmas
cheering	linksmas
cheerleader	cheerleader
cheerleading	cheerleading
cheerless	linksmas
cheers	sveikinimai
cheery	linksmas
cheese	sūris
cheeseburger	cheeseburger
cheesecake	sūrio pyragas
cheesy	sūrio
cheetah	Gepardas
chef	virėjas
chemical	cheminė medžiaga
chemise	NO TRANSLATION
chemist	chemikas
chemistry	chemija
chemo	chemija
chemotherapy	chemoterapija
cheque	patikrinti
cherish	puoselėti
cherishing	puoselėjant
cherry	vyšnia
cherub	cherubas
chess	Šachmatai
chest	krūtinė
chestnut	kaštonas
chevron	Chevronas
chew	kramtyti
chewy	kramtyti
chic	prašmatnus
chicane	chicane
chick	viščiukas
chicken	vištiena
chicken pox	vėjaraupiai
chickenpox	vėjaraupiai
chief	vyriausiasis
chiefly	daugiausia
chieftain	vadas
chiffon	šifonas
child	vaikas
childbirth	gimdymas
childhood	vaikystę
childish	vaikiškas
childless	bevaikis
childlike	vaikiškas
childloss	NO TRANSLATION
children	vaikai
chili	čili
chill	atšaldyti
chilled	atšaldyti
chilling	atšaldymas
chilly	šiltas
chime	skambesys
chimera	chimera
chimes	dainos
chimney	kaminas
chimp	šimpanzė
chimpanzee	šimpanzė
chin	smakras
china	Kinija
chinchilla	šinšila
chine	NO TRANSLATION
chinook	Chinook
chip	lustas
chipmunk	burundukas
chipper	smulkintuvas
chipping	skalda
chiropractor	chiropraktikas
chirp	chirp
chirping	skambesys
chisel	chisel
chiseler	kaltininkas
chit	pasidaryk
chitchat	trumpas pašnekesys, papliurpimas
chivalry	riteriai
chloride	chloridas
chlorine	chloras
chloroform	chloroformas
chocolate	šokoladas
choice	pasirinkimas
choir	choras
choke	užspringti
cholera	cholera
cholesterol	cholesterolis
choose	pasirinkti
choosing	pasirenkant
choosy	pasirinktas
chop	supjaustyti
chopper	smulkintuvas
choppers	smulkintuvai
chopping	supjaustyti
chops	kumpiai
choral	choras
chord	akordas
chords	akordai
chore	nuobodi namų ruoša
choreographer	choreografė
choreography	choreografija
chorus	choras
chosen	pasirinkta
chow	Čiau
chowder	berniukas
christ	krikščionis
christen	NO TRANSLATION
christening	krikštynos
christian	krikščionis
christmas	Kalėdos
christmasbreak	NO TRANSLATION
christmaseve	NO TRANSLATION
christmasspirit	NO TRANSLATION
christmassy	christmassy
christmastime	Kalėdų laikas
chromatic	chromatinis
chromatography	chromatografija
chrome	chromas
chromium	chromas
chromosome	chromosoma
chronic	lėtinis
chronicle	kronika
chronograph	chronografas
chronological	chronologinis
chubby	pilnas
chuck	Chuckas
chuckle	siautėti
chug	kačiukas
chum	čum
chummy	chummy
chump	šaknis
chunk	riekė
chunky	kietas
church	bažnyčia
churchyard	šventoriaus
churn	pasipriešinimas
chute	latakas
chutney	Chutney
ciao	ciao
cider	sidras
cigar	cigaras
cigarette	cigarete
cilantro	cilindro
cinch	Cinch
cinder	šlakas
cinema	kinas
cinematic	kino teatras
cinematographer	cinematographer
cinematography	kinematografija
cinnamon	cinamonas
cipher	šifravimas
circle	ratas
circling	sukimasis
circuit	grandinė
circuitry	schema
circular	apskritas
circulate	cirkuliuoti
circulation	apyvarta
circulatory	kraujotaka
circumcision	apipjaustymas
circumference	perimetras
circumferential	perimetrinis
circumscribed	apribota
circumstance	aplinkybė
circumstances	aplinkybes
circumstantial	netiesioginis
circumvent	apeiti
circumvention	vengimas
circus	cirkas
cirque	cirque
cirrhosis	cirozė
cirrus	cirrus
cistern	cisterna
citadel	citadelė
citation	citavimas
cite	citata
citizen	pilietis
citizenship	pilietybė
citrine	citrinas
citrus	citrusiniai vaisiai
city	miestas
citywide	Citywide
civic	pilietinis
civics	pilietiškumas
civil	civilinis
civilian	civilinis
civilians	civiliai gyventojai
civility	malonumas
civilization	civilizacija
civilized	civilizuotas
clad	plakiruoti
claim	pretenzija
claimant	ieškovas
clairvoyant	aiškiaregis
clam	clam
clambake	gobtuvėlis
clammy	drėgnas
clamor	šoktelėti
clamp	gnybtas
clan	klanas
clandestine	slapta
clang	clang
clap	ploti
clapper	drožtuvas
clapping	plakimas
clarification	paaiškinimas
clarify	išsiaiškinti
clarinet	klarnetas
clarion	klarionas
clarity	aiškumas
clash	susidūrimas
clashing	susidūrimas
clasp	užsegimas
class	klasė
classic	klasikinis
classic rock	klasikinis rokas
classical	klasikinis
classics	klasika
classification	klasifikacija
classified	klasifikuojama
classify	klasifikuoti
classmate	klasiokas
classroom	klasė
classy	madingas
clatter	garsas
clause	sąlyga
clauses	išlygos
claustrophobia	klaustrofobija
claustrophobic	klaustrofobinis
clavicle	clavicle
claw	kiškis
claws	nagai
clay	molis
clean	švarus
cleaner	švaresnis
cleaning	valymas
cleanliness	švara
cleanly	švariai
cleanse	valyti
cleanser	valiklis
cleansing	valymas
cleanup	Išvalyti
clear	aišku
clearance	klirensas
clearing	valymas
clearness	aiškumas
cleat	griovelis
cleavage	skilimas
cleave	atsikratyti
cleaver	NO TRANSLATION
clef	clef
cleft	skiltis
clemency	gailestingumas
clench	sutraukti
clergy	dvasininkai
clergyman	dvasininkas
cleric	klerikas
clerical	klerikas
clerk	sekretorius
clerkship	clerkship
clever	protingas
cleverness	protingumas
click	spustelėkite
clicker	clicker
client	klientas
clientele	klientai
cliff	uolos
climate	klimatas
climatology	klimatologija
climax	kulminacija
climb	lipti
climber	alpinistas
clinch	klinchas
cling	klijuoti
clingy	klampumas
clinic	klinika
clinical	klinikinis
clink	clink
clip	klipas
clipboard	iškarpinę
clipper	kirpėjas
clipping	apkarpymas
clique	NO TRANSLATION
clitoris	klitoris
cloak	apsiaustas
cloaking	maskavimas
cloakroom	rūbinė
clobber	clobber
clock	laikrodis
clockwork	laikrodis
clod	clod
clog	užkimšti
cloister	vienuolynas
clone	klonas
cloning	klonavimas
close	Uždaryti
closed	uždaryta
closeness	artimas
closet	spinta
closure	uždarymas
clot	krešulys
cloth	audinys
clothe	apranga
clothes	drabužiai
clothesline	drabužių linija
clothing	apranga
cloud	debesys
clouded	debesuota
cloudiness	debesuotumas
clouds	debesys
cloudy	Debesuota
clout	įtaka
clove	gvazdikėliai
clover	dobilas
cloves	gvazdikėliai
clown	klounas
clowns	klaunai
club	klubas
clubhouse	klubo klubas
clubs	klubai
cluck	cluck
clue	raktas
clueless	Clueless
clump	clump
clumsy	gremėzdiškas
clunk	clunk
cluster	klasteris
clutch	sankaba
clutches	sankabos
clutter	netvarką
coach	treneris
coachman	treneris
coagulation	krešėjimas
coal	anglis
coalesce	susijungia
coalition	koalicija
coarse	šiurkštus
coast	pakrantė
coastal	pakrantės
coaster	coaster
coastline	pakrantė
coat	kailis
coating	danga
coax	prisiminti
cobalt	kobaltas
cobble	bobble
cobbler	cobbler
cobra	kobra
cocaine	kokainas
cock	gaidys
cockamamie	cockamamie
cockeyed	cockeyed
cockpit	kabina
cockroach	tarakonas
cocksucker	cocksucker
cocktail	kokteilis
cocky	pasipūtęs
cocoa	kakava
coconut	kokosas
cocoon	kokonas
cod	menkė
code	kodas
codeine	kodeinas
codex	codex
codfish	menkė
codification	kodifikavimas
codify	kodifikuoti
coding	kodavimas
coed	coed
coefficient	koeficientas
coerce	priversti
coercion	prievarta
coercive	prievartos
coexist	kartu egzistuoja
coexistence	sambūvio
coexisting	kartu egzistuojanti
coffee	kava
coffee table	kavos stalelis
coffeehouse	kavos namai
coffeepot	kavinukas
coffin	karstą
cog	cog
cogent	įtikinamai
cognac	konjakas
cognate	giminaitis
cognition	pažinimas
cognitive	pažintinis
cohabitation	draugystę
coherence	nuoseklumas
coherent	nuoseklus
cohesion	sanglauda
cohesive	darni
cohort	kohorta
coil	ritė
coiled	suvynioti
coin	moneta
coinage	moneta
coincide	sutampa
coincidence	sutapimas
coincident	sutampa
coincidental	atsitiktinai
coinciding	sutampa
coke	koksas
cola	Cola
cold	šalta
coldly	šaltai
coldness	šaltis
coldsweat	NO TRANSLATION
coleslaw	koleslawas
colic	kolika
coliseum	Koliziejus
collaborate	bendradarbiauti
collaboration	bendradarbiavimas
collaborator	bendradarbis
collage	koliažas
collagen	kolageno
collapse	žlugti
collar	apykaklė
collarbone	raumenys
collate	lyginti
collateral	užstatas
collation	palyginimas
colleague	kolega
collect	rinkti
collected	surinkta
collection	kolekcija
collective	kolektyvas
collectively	kolektyviai
collector	kolektorius
college	kolegija
collegiate	kolegialus
collide	susiduria
collie	kolis
collision	susidūrimas
collocation	kolokacija
colloquial	kalbantis
collusion	sąmokslas
cologne	Kelnas
colon	dvitaškis
colonel	pulkininkas
colonial	kolonijinis
colonic	storosios žarnos
colonoscopy	kolonoskopija
colony	kolonija
colophon	kolofonas
color	spalva
coloration	spalva
colored	spalvos
colorful	spalvinga
coloring	dažymas
colorless	bespalvis
colors	spalvos
colossal	milžiniškas
colt	asilas
columbine	Kolumbinas
column	stulpelis
columnar	stulpelis
columnist	redaktorius
com	NO TRANSLATION
coma	koma
comatose	komata
comb	šukos
combat	kovoti
combatant	kovotojas
combative	kareiviškas
combination	derinys
combinatorial	kombinacinis
combine	sujungti
combined	kartu
combo	Combo
combustible	degios
combustion	deginimas
come	ateiti
comeback	grįžk
comedian	komikas
comedy	komedija
comet	kometa
comfort	komfortas
comfortable	patogus
comforter	minkšta
comforting	jaudinantis
comfy	patogus
comic	komiksas
comical	juokingas
comics	komiksai
coming	artėja
comma	kablelis
command	komanda
commandant	komendantas
commandeer	vadas
commander	vadas
commanding	įsakymas
commandment	įsakymas
commando	Komanda
commemorate	prisiminti
commemoration	minėjimas
commemorative	atminimo diena
commence	prasideda
commend	pagirti
commendable	pagirtinas
commendation	pagyrimas
commensurate	proporcingas
comment	komentuoti
commentary	komentaras
commentator	komentatorius
commerce	komercija
commercial	komercinis
commie	komiksas
commissary	komisaras
commission	Komisija
commissioner	komisaras
commit	įsipareigoti
commitment	įsipareigojimas
committal	priėmimas
committed	padaryta
committee	komitetas
commodity	prekė
commodore	Commodore
common	bendras
commoner	paprastas
commonly	dažnai
commonplace	įprastas dalykas
commons	bendri
commonwealth	sąjunga
commotion	neramumai
communal	bendruomenė
commune	komuna
communicable	užkrečiama
communicate	bendrauti
communication	komunikacija
communicative	komunikacinis
communicator	komunikatorius
communion	bendrystė
communism	komunizmas
communist	komunistas
community	bendruomenė
commutation	komutacija
commutative	коммутативный
commute	važinėti
commuter	priemiestinis
comp	Komp
compact	kompaktiška
compaction	tankinimas
compactness	kompaktiškumas
companion	kompanionas
companionless	nesvarbu
companionship	draugystę
company	bendrovė
comparable	palyginamas
comparative	lyginamasis
comparatively	palyginti
compare	palyginti
comparison	palyginimas
compartment	skyrius
compass	kompasas
compassion	užuojauta
compassionate	sąžiningas
compatibility	suderinamumas
compatible	suderinama
compel	priversti
compelled	priverstas
compelling	įtikinantis
compendium	rinkinys
compensate	kompensuoti
compensation	kompensacija
compensatory	kompensacinis
compete	konkuruoti
competence	kompetencija
competency	kompetencija
competent	kompetentingas
competition	varzybos
competitive	konkurencinga
competitor	konkurentas
compilation	kompiliavimas
compile	surinkti
complacency	nepasitenkinimas
complacent	atsipalaidavęs
complain	skųstis
complaint	skundas
complement	papildyti
complementary	papildomas
complete	baigti
completed	baigtas
completely	visiškai
completeness	išsamumas
completing	užbaigti
completion	užbaigimas
complex	kompleksas
complexed	kompleksinis
complexion	veido spalva
complexity	sudėtingumas
compliance	laikymasis
compliant	atitinka reikalavimus
complicate	komplikuoja
complicated	sudėtingas
complication	komplikacija
complicity	komplikacija
compliment	NO TRANSLATION
complimentary	nemokamas
comply	laikykis
complying	atitiktų
compo	Komp
component	komponentas
compose	kurti
composed	sudarytas
composer	kompozitorius
composite	sudėtinis
composition	kompozicija
compost	kompostas
composure	ramybė
compound	junginys
comprehend	suvokti
comprehension	supratimas
comprehensive	išsamus
compress	suspausti
compressed	suspaustas
compressible	suspaudžiamas
compression	suspaudimas
compressor	kompresorius
comprise	sudaro
compromise	kompromisas
comptroller	kontrolierius
compulsion	prievarta
compulsive	kompulsinis
compulsory	privalomas
computable	apskaičiuojama
computation	skaičiavimas
compute	apskaičiuoti
computer	kompiuteris
computerized	kompiuterizuota
computing	skaičiavimas
comrade	Draugas
con	NO TRANSLATION
concatenation	sujungimas
concave	įgaubtas
conceal	paslėpti
concealed	paslėpta
concealment	paslėpimas
concede	pripažinti
conceit	įsivaizduoti
conceited	tuštuma
conceivable	įmanomas
conceive	suvokti
concentrate	koncentruotis
concentration	koncentracija
concentric	koncentrinis
concept	koncepcija
conception	koncepcija
concern	rūpestis
concerned	susijusi
concert	koncertas
concerto	koncertas
concession	koncesija
concessional	lengvatinis
conch	kriauklė
concierge	konsjeržo paslaugos
conciliation	taikinimo procedūra
concise	glausta
conclave	konclavas
conclude	sudaryti
concluding	sudaryti
conclusion	išvadą
conclusive	galutinis
concoction	pagaminti
concomitant	kartu
concord	susitarimas
concordance	atitikimas
concours	NO TRANSLATION
concourse	kongresas
concrete	betonas
concubine	koncubiunas
concur	sutinku
concurrence	sutikimas
concurrent	kartu
concurring	suderinantis
concussion	smegenų sukrėtimas
condemn	pasmerkti
condemnation	pasmerkimas
condensation	kondensacija
condensed	susilpnintas
condescending	gailestingas
condescension	nusivylimas
condiment	prieskoniai
condition	sąlyga
conditional	sąlyginis
conditionally	sąlygiškai
conditioned	kondicionuojamas
conditioner	kondicionierius
conditioning	kondicionavimas
conditions	sąlygos
condo	butas
condolence	užuojautą
condolences	užuojautos
condom	prezervatyvas
condone	pasveikinti
condor	condor
conducive	palankus
conduct	elgesys
conduction	laidumas
conductivity	laidumas
conductor	dirigentas
conduit	kanalas
cone	kūgis
confederacy	konfederacija
confederate	konfederacija
confederation	konfederacija
confer	suteikti
conference	konferencija
confess	prisipažinti
confession	prisipažinimas
confessional	konfesinis
confessions	prisipažinimas
confetti	konfeti
confidant	patikėtinis
confide	pasitikėti
confidence	pasitikėjimas
confident	įsitikinęs
confidential	konfidencialus
confidentiality	konfidencialumas
confidentially	NO TRANSLATION
configuration	konfigūracija
confine	apsiriboti
confined	uždaras
confinement	gimdymas
confines	riboja
confirm	patvirtinti
confirmation	patvirtinimas
confirmatory	patvirtinantis
confirmed	patvirtintas
confiscate	konfiskuoti
confiscation	konfiskavimas
conflagration	gaisras
conflict	konfliktas
conflicting	prieštaringas
confluence	susivienijimas
conform	atitiktų
conformance	atitiktis
conformation	NO TRANSLATION
conformity	atitiktis
confound	sumaišyti
confounded	sugedo
confront	priešintis
confrontation	konfrontacija
confuse	supainioti
confused	supainioti
confusing	paini
confusion	sumišimas
conga	conga
congenial	draugiškas
congenital	įgimta
congestion	grūstis
conglomerate	konglomeratas
conglomeration	konglomeracija
congrats	Sveikinimai
congratulate	Sveikinu
congratulation	sveikinu
congratulations	sveikinu
congratulatory	sveikinu
congregate	susirinkti
congregation	susirinkimas
congress	kongresas
congressional	kongresas
congressman	kongreso narys
congruence	kongruencija
conic	kūginis
conical	kūginis
conjecture	hipotezė
conjugal	santuoka
conjugate	konjugatas
conjugation	konjugacija
conjunction	jungtis
conjunctive	jungianti
conjure	pakviesti
conjuring	kvailys
conk	conk
connect	Prisijungti
connected	prijungtas
connection	ryšys
connective	jungiamoji
connoisseur	žinovas
conquer	užkariauti
conquering	užkariavimas
conqueror	užkariautojas
conquest	užkariavimas
conscience	sąžinė
conscientious	sąžiningas
conscious	sąmoningas
consciousness	sąmonė
conscription	prizas
consecrated	pašventintas
consecration	pašventinimas
consecutive	iš eilės
consensual	konsensusas
consensus	konsensusas
consent	sutikimas
consenting	sutikimas
consequence	pasekmė
consequent	pasekmė
conservation	išsaugojimas
conservatism	konservatyvumas
conservative	konservatyvus
conservatory	konservatorija
conserve	konservuoti
consider	apsvarstykite
considerable	didelis
considerate	dėmesingas
consideration	svarstymas
consignee	gavėjas
consignment	siunta
consist	susideda iš
consistency	nuoseklumas
consistent	nuoseklus
consolation	malonumas
console	konsolė
consoled	consoled
consolidate	konsoliduoti
consolidated	konsoliduota
consolidation	konsolidacija
consonant	konsonantas
consort	sutinku
conspicuous	pastebimas
conspiracy	sąmokslas
conspirator	sąmokslininkas
conspire	sujaudinti
constable	konstabula
constancy	pastovumas
constant	pastovi
constantly	nuolat
constellation	žvaigždynas
consternation	sąmyšis
constipation	vidurių užkietėjimas
constituency	rinkimų apygarda
constituent	sudedamoji dalis
constituents	sudedamosios dalys
constitute	sudaryti
constitution	konstitucija
constitutional	konstitucinis
constitutionality	konstitucingumas
constrain	suvaržyti
constrained	suvaržytas
constraint	apribojimas
construct	statyti
construction	statyba
constructive	konstruktyvus
construe	aišku
consul	konsulas
consulate	konsulatas
consult	konsultuotis
consultant	konsultantas
consultation	konsultacija
consume	vartoti
consumer	vartotojas
consuming	vartoja
consummate	baigti
consummation	baigimas
consumption	vartojimas
contact	kontaktas
contagion	užkratas
contagious	užkrečiama
contain	yra
container	konteineris
containment	izoliavimas
contaminate	užteršti
contaminated	užteršta
contamination	užteršimas
contemplate	apmąstyti
contemplation	apmąstymas
contemplative	kontempliacija
contemporaneous	tuo pačiu metu
contemporary	šiuolaikiškas
contempt	panieka
contemptible	panieka
contemptuous	nusivylęs
contend	ginčytis
contender	varžovas
contending	ginčytis
content	turinys
contented	patenkintas
contention	ginčas
contentious	ginčytina
contentment	pasitenkinimas
contents	turinys
contest	konkursas
contestant	dalyvis
context	kontekstas
contiguous	kaimyninis
continence	pastovumas
continent	žemynas
continental	žemyninis
contingency	nenumatyti atvejai
contingent	kontingentas
continual	nuolatinis
continually	nuolat
continuance	tęstinumas
continuation	tęsinys
continue	Tęsti
continued	tęsinys
continuing	tęsinys
continuity	tęstinumas
continuous	nuolatinis
continuously	nuolat
continuum	kontinuumas
contour	kontūras
contraband	kontrabanda
contraception	kontracepcija
contract	sutartis
contracted	sutartis
contractile	sutrumpintas
contracting	sutartis
contraction	susitraukimas
contractor	rangovas
contradict	prieštarauja
contradiction	prieštaravimas
contradictory	prieštaringas
contraption	atsipalaidavimas
contrary	priešingai
contrast	kontrastas
contrasted	kontrastuotas
contravene	prieštarauja
contravention	pažeidimas
contribute	prisidėti
contribution	indėlis
contributor	pagalbininkas
contrite	pasipriešinti
contrition	kaltinimas
contrived	įstrigo
control	kontrolė
controller	valdytojas
controlling	valdymas
controversial	prieštaringas
controversy	nesutarimai
contusion	kontūzija
conundrum	gudrybė
convalescent	atsinaujinanti
convection	konvekcija
convene	sušaukti
convenience	patogumas
conveniences	patogumai
convenient	patogus
convent	vienuolynas
convention	konvencija
conventional	sutartinis
converge	suvienyti
convergence	konvergencija
convergent	konvergenti
conversant	žinoma
conversation	pokalbis
conversational	pokalbis
conversationalist	pokalbis
converse	bendrauti
conversing	pokalbis
conversion	konversija
convert	Paversti
converted	konvertuotas
convertible	konvertuojama
convex	išgaubtas
convexity	išgaubtas
convey	perteikti
conveyance	pervežimas
conveyancing	perdavimas
convict	kaltinamasis
conviction	nuosprendis
convince	įtikinti
convinced	įsitikinęs
convincing	įtikinamai
convocation	sušaukimas
convoluted	suvyniotas
convolution	konvoliucija
convoy	konvoja
coo	Coo
cook	virėjas
cookbook	receptų knyga
cooker	viryklė
cookery	kulinarija
cookie	slapukas
cookies	slapukai
cooking	virimo
cookout	sausainiai
cool	Saunus
coolant	aušinimo skystis
cooler	aušintuvas
cooling	aušinimas
coolness	vėsa
coon	coon
coop	bendradarbiauti
cooperate	bendradarbiauti
cooperating	bendradarbiauja
cooperation	bendradarbiavimas
cooperative	kooperatyvas
coordinate	koordinuoti
coordination	koordinacija
coordinator	koordinatorius
cop	policininkas
copacetic	NO TRANSLATION
cope	susidoroti
copier	kopijuoklis
copilot	kopilotas
coping	susidoroti
copious	gausus
copper	varis
copter	variklis
copy	kopijuoti
copycat	kopijuoti
copying	kopijavimas
copyright	autorinės teisės
coral	koralas
coral snake	koralų gyvatė
cord	laidas
cordial	nuoširdus
cordless	bevielis
cordon	cordon
corduroy	velvetas
core	branduolys
cork	kamštiena
corkscrew	kamščiatraukis
corn	kukurūzai
cornball	kukurūzų kamuoliai
cornbread	kukurūzų kepta
cornea	ragenos
corned	saldintas
corner	kampas
cornerstone	kertinis akmuo
cornet	Cornet
cornfield	kukurūzų laukas
cornflakes	NO TRANSLATION
cornice	karnizas
cornstarch	kukurūzų krakmolas
corny	kuklus
corollary	pasekmė
corona	korona
coronary	koronarai
coronation	karūnavimas
coroner	koroneris
corporal	kūno skausmas
corporate	įmonės
corporation	korporacija
corporeal	kūniškas
corps	korpusas
corpse	lavonas
corpsman	korpusas
corpus	korpusas
corral	korralas
correct	teisingai
correction	pataisymas
correctional	korekcinis
corrective	taisomasis
correctness	teisingumas
correlation	koreliacija
correlative	koreliacinis
correspond	atitikti
correspondence	korespondencija
correspondent	korespondentas
corresponding	atitinkamas
corridor	koridorius
corroborate	patvirtinti
corroboration	patvirtinimas
corrosion	korozija
corrosive	ėsdinanti
corrupt	sugadintas
corrupting	sugadintas
corruption	korupcija
corsage	korsažas
corse	NO TRANSLATION
corset	korsetas
cortex	žievė
cortical	korticalinis
cortisone	kortizonas
corvette	Corvette
cosmetic	kosmetika
cosmetics	kosmetika
cosmic	kosminis
cosmology	kosmologija
cosmopolitan	kosmopolitinis
cosmos	kosmosas
cost	kaina
costly	brangus
costume	kostiumas
cosy	jaukus
cot	vaikiška lovelė
cote	cote
cottage	name
cotton	medvilnė
couch	sofa
cougar	puma
cough	kosulys
council	taryba
councilman	tarybos narys
counsel	advokatas
counseling	konsultavimas
counsellor	patarėjas
counselor	patarėjas
count	suskaičiuoti
countdown	atgalinis laikas
countenance	veidas
counter	skaitiklis
counteract	priešintis
counterattack	kontrataka
counterbalance	atsvara
counterclaim	priešieškinis
counterfeit	padirbti
counterpart	kolega
counterpoint	kontrapunktas
countess	grafionė
countless	nesuskaičiuojama daugybė
country	Šalis
countryman	kaimietis
countrymusic	NO TRANSLATION
countryside	kaime
counts	skaičiai
county	apskritis
coup	perversmas
coupe	kupė
couple	pora
coupled	sujungtas
coupling	jungtis
coupon	kuponas
courage	drąsos
courageous	drąsus
courier	kurjerį
courses	kursai
coursing	judėjimas
court	teismas
courteous	mandagus
courtesy	mandagumas
courthouse	teismo rūmai
courtroom	teismo salė
courts	teismai
courtship	Laisvalaikis
courtside	teisėjai
courtyard	kiemas
cousin	pusbrolis
cousins	pusbroliai
cove	kava
coven	coven
covenant	Sandorą
cover	padengti
coverage	aprėptis
covered	padengtas
covering	padengti
covert	slaptas
covet	trokšta
coveted	prestižinis
cow	karvė
coward	bailys
cowardice	bailys
cowardly	bailiai
cowboy	kaubojus
cowgirl	cowgirl
cowhand	cowhand
cowhide	karvytė
cowl	gaubtas
coworker	bendradarbis
coy	coy
coyote	kojotas
cozy	jaukus
crab	krabas
crabby	Crabby
crack	krekas
cracked	krekingo
cracker	krekingo priemonė
crackerjack	krekingo lazda
cracking	krekingo
crackle	trauktis
crackpot	trauktis
cradle	lopšys
craft	laivas
crafts	amatai
craftsman	meistras
craftsmanship	meistriškumas
crafty	klastingas
craig	Craigas
cram	cram
crammed	įstrigo
cramp	mėšlungis
cramped	tramdomas
cranberry	spanguolė
cranberry juice	spanguolių sultys
crane	kranas
cranial	galvos skausmas
cranium	galvos smegenys
crank	skriejikas
cranky	Cranky
cranny	cranny
crap	šūdas
crappy	prastas
craps	craps
crash	avarija
crass	crass
crate	dėžė
crater	krateris
crave	trokšti
craving	troškimas
crawfish	ragai
crawl	nuskaityti
crayon	pieštukas
crayons	spalvotieji pieštukai
craze	pagunda
crazed	Crazed
craziness	beprotybė
crazy	pamišęs
creak	šnibždėti
creaking	šlubavimas
cream	grietinėlė
creamed	grietinėlė
creamer	Creamer
creamy	kreminė
crease	raukšlėtis
create	sukurti
creation	kūryba
creative	kūrybingas
creativity	kūrybiškumas
creator	kūrėjas
creature	tvarinys
credence	patikimumas
credential	pažymėjimai
credentials	įgaliojimai
credibility	patikimumas
credible	patikimas
credit	kreditas
credit card	kredito kortelė
creditable	patikimas
credited	įskaityta
crediting	kreditavimas
creditor	kreditorius
creed	įsitikinimai
creek	upelis
creep	šliaužti
creeper	creeper
creeping	šliaužti
creepy	Creepy
cremation	kremavimas
creole	kreolė
crepe	krepas
crescendo	crescendo
crescent	pusmėnulis
crest	crest
crestfallen	sugadintas
cretin	Cretinas
cretins	Kretinai
crevice	kreivika
crew	įgula
crewman	įgulos narys
crib	lovelė
cricket	Kriketas
cried	šaukė
crime	nusikaltimas
criminal	nusikalstamas
criminality	nusikalstamumas
crimp	apsukimas
crimson	tamsiai raudona
cringe	Cringe
cripple	kankinti
crippled	suluošintas
crippling	blogas
crisis	krizė
crisp	traškus
crispy	traškus
criterion	kriterijus
critic	kritikas
critical	kritiškas
criticise	kritikuoti
criticism	kritika
criticize	kritikuoti
criticized	kritikuojamas
critique	kritika
critter	Critter
croak	šoktelėti
croc	croc
crock	garbanoti
crockery	indai
crocodile	krokodilas
croft	krosnys
croissant	kruopos
crook	klajoti
crooked	kreivas
crop	pasėlių
croquet	kroketas
cross	kirsti
cross country	kryžminė šalis
crossbow	arbaletas
crossed	kirto
crossfire	kryžminė ugnis
crossing	perėjimas
crossover	kryžminis
crosswalk	pėsčiųjų takas
crossword	kryžiažodis
crotch	tarpkojis
crouch	nuleiskite
crouched	prisirišęs
crouching	sustorėjęs
croupier	krupjė
crow	varna
crowbar	laužas
crowd	minios
crowded	perkrautas
crowds	minios
crown	karūna
crowning	vainikuoja
crucial	labai svarbu
cruciate	krikščionys
crucifix	nukryžiuotas
crucifixion	nukryžiavimas
crucify	nukryžiuok
crud	crud
crude	žalios
cruel	žiaurus
cruelly	žiauriai
cruelty	žiaurumas
cruise	kruizas
cruise ship	kruizinis laivas
cruiser	kreiseris
cruising	kreiserinis
crumb	trupiniai
crumble	nyksta
crumbling	truputis
crummy	kietas
crunch	krizė
crunchy	traškus
crusade	kryžiaus žygis
crusader	kryžiuočiai
crush	sutraiškyti
crushed	susmulkintas
crusher	trupintuvas
crushing	griovimas
crust	pluta
crusty	kietas
crutch	ramentas
crux	kieta
cry	verkis
crybaby	verksnys
crying	verkimas
crypt	kripta
cryptic	paslaptingas
cryptography	kriptografija
crystal	kristalas
crystalline	kristalinis
crystallization	kristalizacija
cub	kub
cubby	cubby
cube	kubas
cubic	kubinis
cubicle	kubilas
cuckold	cuckold
cuckoo	gegutė
cucumber	agurkas
cuddle	apsiausti
cuddled	apsivilkęs
cuddles	cuddles
cuddling	cuddling
cue	biuletenis
cuff	rankogalis
cuisine	virtuvė
culinary	kulinarija
cull	nuvalyti
culminate	pabaiga
culmination	kulminacija
culpability	kaltė
culpable	kaltinamas
culprit	kaltininkas
cult	kulta
cultivate	kultivuoti
cultivated	kultivuojamas
cultivation	auginimas
cultural	kultūrinis
culture	kultūra
cultured	kultivuotas
culvert	tvenkinys
cumbersome	sudėtinga
cumulus	cumulus
cunning	gudrus
cunt	cunt
cup	puodelis
cupboard	spintelė
cupcake	cupcake
cupping	puodelis
cur	cur
curable	išgydomas
curate	curate
curative	gydomoji
curator	kuratorius
curb	pažaboti
curd	varškė
cure	išgydyti
curfew	komendanto valanda
curiosity	smalsumas
curious	įdomu
curl	garbanoti
curling	curling
currency	valiuta
current	dabartinis
curriculum	mokymo planas
curry	karis
curse	prakeiksmas
cursed	prakeiktas
cursing	prakeikimas
cursory	bjaurus
curt	trumpas
curtail	apriboti
curtailment	sumažinimas
curtain	užuolaidos
curtains	užuolaidos
curtsy	žvilgsnis
curvature	kreivumą
curve	kreivė
curved	išlenktas
curvilinear	kreivinis
cushion	pagalvėlė
cushy	minkštas
cusp	cusp
cuss	cuss
cussed	cussed
custard	pyragas
custodial	laisvės atėmimas
custodian	saugotojas
custody	globa
custom	pagal užsakymą
customary	įprastas
customer	klientas
customized	pritaikytas
cut	supjaustyti
cutaneous	odos
cute	mielas
cuticle	odelė
cutie	cutie
cutlass	kirstukas
cutlery	stalo įrankiai
cutoff	Nupjauti
cutter	pjaustytuvas
cutters	pjaustytuvai
cutthroat	pjūvis
cutting	pjaustymas
cutting board	pjaustymo lentelė
cuttings	auginiai
cwt	cwt
cyanide	cianidas
cyberspace	kibernetinė erdvė
cycle	ciklas
cyclical	ciklinis
cyclist	dviratininkas
cyclone	ciklonas
cylinder	cilindras
cylindrical	cilindrinis
cymbal	cimbolas
cynic	ciniškas
cynical	ciniškas
cynicism	cinizmas
cyst	cista
cystic	cistinė
cytomegalovirus	citomegalovirusas
cytoplasm	citoplazma
czar	caras
dab	pabandyk
dabble	čiulpti
dabbling	dabbling
dad	tėtis
daddy	tėtis
dado	NO TRANSLATION
daemon	daemonas
daft	daft
dagger	kiškis
daily	kasdien
dainty	skanėsto
daiquiri	Daiquiri
dairy	pieno produktai
daisy	Daisy
dak	NO TRANSLATION
dale	Dale
dam	užtvankos
damage	žala
damaged	sugadintas
damages	žalos atlyginimas
dame	dame
damn	prakeiktas
damnation	pasmerkimas
damned	pasmerktas
damp	drėgna
dampened	sumaišytas
damper	slopintuvas
damsel	mergaitė
dance	šokis
dancer	šokėja
dancing	šokiai
dandruff	pleiskanos
dandy	dandy
danger	pavojus
dangerous	pavojingas
dangerously	pavojingai
dangit	NO TRANSLATION
dangle	braukti
dank	NO TRANSLATION
dapper	dapper
dare	išdrįsti
daredevil	daredevil
daresay	daresay
daring	drąsus
dark	tamsi
darken	tamsinti
darkened	patamsintas
darkly	tamsiai
darkness	tamsa
darkroom	tamsus kambarys
darkside	tamsioji pusė
darling	brangioji
darn	darn
dart	šokti
dash	brūkšnys
dashboard	prietaisų skydelis
dashed	briaunos
dashing	baisus
dastardly	netyčia
data	duomenys
database	duomenų bazė
date	data
datenight	NO TRANSLATION
daughter	dukra
dawdle	vaiduoklis
dawn	Aušra
dawned	aušta
day	diena
daybreak	Saulėlydis
daycare	vaikų priežiūra
daydream	svajonė
daydreaming	svajonė
daylight	dienos šviesa
daymade	NO TRANSLATION
dayoff	NO TRANSLATION
daytime	dienos metu
daze	daze
dazed	priblokštas
dazzle	apakinti
dazzling	apakinti
deacon	diakonas
deactivate	deaktyvuoti
dead	miręs
deadbeat	deadbeat
deadline	terminas
deadlines	terminai
deadlock	aklavietė
deadly	mirtini
deaf	kurtis
deafening	gailimasis
deafness	kurtumas
deal	spręsti
dealer	prekiautojas
dealership	prekiautojas
dealing	sprendžiant
dealings	sandoriai
dean	dekanas
dear	brangioji
dearest	dearest
dearth	trūkumas
death	mirtis
deathbed	mirties baldai
deathly	mirtinai
debacle	debetas
debased	nuslopintas
debatable	ginčytinas
debate	diskusija
debauchery	išblaškymas
debenture	debitorija
debilitating	silpnas
debit	debetas
debrief	apibendrinimas
debriefing	apibendrinimas
debris	nuolaužos
debt	skola
debtor	skolininkas
debut	debiutas
debutante	debutantas
decade	dešimtmetis
decadence	dekadencija
decadent	dekadentas
decaf	dekabas
decanter	dekanteris
decathlon	dešimtmetis
decay	skilimas
decayed	išnykęs
decaying	nyksta
deceased	miręs
decedent	mirusysis
deceit	apgaulė
deceitful	apgaulingas
deceive	apgauti
deceived	apgauti
deceiving	apgauti
december	gruodžio mėn
decency	padorumas
decent	padorus
deception	apgaulė
deceptive	apgaulingas
decide	nuspręsti
decidedly	ryžtingai
deciduous	lapuočių
decimal	dešimtainis skaičius
decimeter	dešimtainis
decipher	iššifruoti
decision	sprendimas
decisive	lemiamas
deck	denio
declaration	deklaracija
declaratory	deklaracinis
declare	deklaruoti
declination	deklinacija
decline	nuosmukis
declining	mažėja
deco	deko
decode	iššifruoti
decoder	dekoderis
decompose	suskaidyti
decomposed	suskaidytas
decomposition	skilimas
decompress	atskleisti
decompression	dekompresija
decontamination	dezaktyvacija
decor	dekoruoti
decorate	dekoruoti
decorating	dekoravimas
decoration	apdaila
decorative	dekoratyvinis
decorator	dekoratorius
decorum	apdaila
decoy	minkšti
decrease	mažinti
decreased	sumažėjo
decreasing	mažėja
decree	dekretas
decrement	sumažėjimas
decrepit	nykimas
decry	sunaikinti
decryption	iššifravimas
dedicate	dedikuoti
dedication	atsidavimas
deduce	išvesti
deduct	atimti
deductible	išskaitytas
deduction	atskaita
deed	darbas
deejay	deejay
deem	manau
deep	giliai
deepen	gilinti
deer	elnias
defamation	šmeižtas
defamatory	šmeižikiškas
default	numatytas
defeat	nugalėti
defeated	nugalėjo
defeatist	nugalėtojas
defect	defektas
defection	defection
defective	defektinis
defector	Defector
defend	ginti
defendant	atsakovas
defended	ginti
defender	gynėjas
defending	ginti
defense	gynyba
defenseless	neapsaugotas
defensible	pateisinamas
defensive	gynybinis
defer	atidėti
deference	pagarba
deferral	atidėjimas
deferring	atidedamas
defiance	nepasitenkinimas
defiant	iššaukiantis
defibrillator	defibriliatorius
deficiency	trūkumas
deficient	trūksta
deficit	trūkumas
define	apibrėžti
defined	apibrėžta
definite	aiškus
definition	apibrėžimas
definitive	galutinis
deflate	defluoti
deflation	defliacija
deflect	nukreipti
deflection	nukrypimas
defloration	defloracija
deform	deformuoti
deformed	deformuotas
deformity	deformacija
defraud	apgauti
defray	padengti
defrost	atšildymas
deft	deft
defunct	neveikianti
defuse	sušvelninti
defy	iššaukti
degeneracy	išnykimas
degenerate	išnykęs
degeneration	degeneracija
degradation	skilimas
degrade	pabloginti
degraded	pablogėjo
degrading	žeminantis
degree	laipsnis
dehydrated	dehidratuotas
dehydration	dehidratacija
dejected	dega
delay	delsimas
delayed	atidėtas
delectable	patrauklus
delegate	deleguoti
delegation	delegacija
delete	Ištrinti
deleterious	žalingas
deletion	ištrynimas
deli	Deli
deliberate	sąmoningas
deliberation	svarstymas
deliberative	konsultacinis
delicacy	delikatesas
delicate	subtilus
delicatessen	delikatesai
delicious	skanus
delight	malonumas
delighted	malonu
delightful	puikūs
delineate	apibūdinti
delineation	apibūdinimas
delinquency	nusikalstamumas
delinquent	nusikaltėlis
delirious	nuobodus
delirium	deliriumas
deliver	pristatyti
deliverance	Išlaisvinimas
delivery	pristatymas
dell	dell
delta	delta
delude	meluos
deluge	debesis
delusion	apgaulė
delusional	klaidinantis
deluxe	prabangus
delve	pasinerti
demand	paklausa
demanding	reikalaujantis
demeaned	nuslopintas
demeaning	mažėja
demeanor	elgesys
demented	demented
dementia	demencija
demise	žlugimas
demo	demo
democracy	demokratija
democrat	demokratas
democratic	demokratinis
demographic	Demografija
demolish	nugriauti
demolished	nugriauti
demolition	griovimas
demon	demonas
demonic	demoniškas
demonstrable	įrodomas
demonstrate	parodyti
demonstrated	parodė
demonstrating	parodyti
demonstration	demonstracija
demonstrative	demonstracinis
demonstrator	demonstratorius
demoralized	demoralizuotas
demos	demos
demure	demure
den	NO TRANSLATION
deniability	paneigimas
denial	atsisakymas
denied	atmesta
denim	džinsinis audinys
denomination	nominalas
denominational	konfederacinė
denominator	vardiklis
denote	pažymėti
denounce	denonsuoti
dense	tankus
density	tankumas
dent	antgalis
dental	dantų
dentist	stomatologas
dentistry	odontologija
dentists	stomatologai
denunciation	denonsavimas
deny	paneigti
denying	atmesti
deodorant	dezodorantas
depart	išvykti
departed	išvyko
department	departamentas
departmental	departamentas
departure	išvykimas
depend	priklauso nuo
dependable	patikimas
dependant	priklausomas
dependence	priklausomybė
dependency	priklausomybė
dependent	priklausomas
depict	pavaizduoti
depicting	vaizduojantis
depletion	išeikvojimas
deplorable	apgailėtinas
deplore	apgailestauju
deploy	diegti
deployment	diegimas
deport	deportuoti
deportation	deportacija
depose	paniekinti
deposit	indėlis
depositary	depozitoriumas
deposition	nusodinimas
depository	depozitoriumas
depot	depas
depraved	iškraipytas
depravity	nusikaltimas
depreciate	nusidėvėjimas
depreciated	nusidėvėjimas
depreciation	nusidėvėjimas
depress	prispausti
depressed	depresija
depressing	depresija
depression	depresija
depressive	depresija
depresson	NO TRANSLATION
deprivation	atėmimas
deprive	atimti
deprived	atimta
depth	gylis
deputy	pavaduotojas
derail	pabėgti
deranged	iškraipytas
derelict	apleistas
derision	sumišimas
derivation	išvedimas
derivative	išvestinė priemonė
derive	gauti iš
dermal	odos
dermatologist	dermatologas
dermatology	dermatologija
derogation	nukrypimas
derogatory	žalingas
descend	nusileisti
descendant	palikuonis
descendent	NO TRANSLATION
descending	mažėja
descent	nusileidimas
describe	apibūdinti
description	apibūdinimas
descriptive	apibūdinantis
desecrate	desecrate
desecration	nusivylimas
desert	dykuma
deserted	apleistas
deserter	deserteris
desertion	desertion
deserve	nusipelno
deserved	nusipelnė
deserving	nusipelnęs
design	dizainas
designate	paskirti
designated	paskirtas
designation	paskyrimas
designed	suprojektuotas
designer	dizaineris
designing	projektavimas
desirability	pageidautina
desirable	pageidautina
desire	troškimas
desiring	norintis
desirous	nori
desist	atmesti
desk	stalas
desolate	desolate
desolation	sunaikinimas
despair	neviltis
despairing	atsipalaidavęs
despatch	išsiuntimas
desperado	desperado
desperate	beviltiška
desperation	beviltiška
despicable	niekingas
despise	niekinti
despondent	prislėgtas
despotic	despotiškas
despotism	despotiškumas
dessert	desertas
destination	Kelionės tikslas
destined	numatytas
destiny	likimas
destitute	destitute
destroy	sunaikinti
destroyed	sunaikinta
destroyer	sunaikintojas
destroying	sunaikinti
destruct	sunaikinti
destruction	sunaikinimas
destructive	destruktyvus
detach	atsitraukti
detached	atskirtas
detachment	atskyrimas
detail	išsamiai
detailed	detalus
details	detalės
detain	sulaikyti
detainee	sulaikytasis
detect	aptikti
detectable	aptinkamas
detection	aptikimas
detective	detektyvas
detector	detektorius
detention	sulaikymas
deter	atgrasyti
detergent	ploviklis
deteriorate	pablogėja
deteriorated	pablogėjo
deteriorating	blogėja
deterioration	pablogėjimas
determinable	nustatomas
determinate	nustatomas
determination	nustatymas
determine	nustatyti
determined	Atkaklus
deterrent	atgrasymo priemonė
detest	gėda
detestation	nusižengimas
detonate	detonuoti
detonation	detonacija
detonator	detonatorius
detour	apvažiavimas
detract	atmesti
detriment	žala
detrimental	žalingas
detritus	detritus
deuce	Deuce
deutschmark	deutschmark
devalued	devalvuotas
devastate	sunaikinti
devastated	nuniokotas
devastating	niokojantis
devastation	nuniokojimas
develop	plėtoti
developer	programuotojas
developing	plėtojant
development	plėtra
deviant	deviant
deviate	nukrypti
deviating	nukrypstantis
deviation	nukrypimas
device	prietaisas
devil	velnias
deviled	deviled
devilish	velnias
devious	klaidingas
devise	suprojektuoti
devoid	neturi
devolution	devoliucija
devolve	perduoti
devote	skirti
devoted	skirta
devotee	bhaktas
devotion	atsidavimas
devotional	religinis
devour	valgyk
devout	pašventintas
dew	rasa
dexter	dexter
dexterity	taupumas
dextrose	dekstrozė
diabetes	diabetas
diabetic	diabetu
diabolical	velniškas
diagnose	diagnozuoti
diagnosis	diagnozė
diagnostic	diagnostinis
diagnostics	diagnostika
diagonal	įstrižainė
diagram	diagrama
dial	rinkti
dialect	dialektas
dialectic	dialektika
dialogue	dialogas
dialysis	dializė
diameter	skersmuo
diamond	deimantas
diamonds	deimantai
diaper	sauskelnės
diaphragm	diafragma
diarrhea	viduriavimas
diarrhoea	viduriavimas
diary	dienoraštis
diatribe	Diatribe
dib	NO TRANSLATION
dibs	dibs
dice	kauliukai
dicey	dicey
dichotomous	dichotomiškas
dichotomy	dichotomija
dick	penis
dickhead	Dickhead
dicks	dicks
dictate	diktuoti
dictation	diktantas
dictator	diktatorius
dictatorial	diktatūrinis
dictatorship	diktatūra
diction	dikcija
dictionary	žodynas
dictum	NO TRANSLATION
didactic	didaktinis
diddle	diddle
die	NO TRANSLATION
died	mirė
diesel	dyzelinas
diet	dieta
dietary	mityba
differ	skirtis
difference	skirtumas
differences	skirtumai
different	skiriasi
differential	diferencialas
differentiation	diferencijavimas
differently	skirtingai
differing	skiriasi
difficult	sunku
difficulties	sunkumai
difficulty	sunku
diffuse	skleisti
diffusion	difuzija
dig	NO TRANSLATION
digest	virškinti
digestion	virškinimas
digestive	virškinimas
digit	skaitmenų
digital	skaitmeninis
dignified	oriai
dignify	gerbti
dignity	orumas
digress	nukrypti
digs	NO TRANSLATION
dike	dike
dilapidated	nykstantis
dilatation	dilatacija
dilation	dilatacija
dildo	dildo
dilemma	dilema
diligence	kruopštumas
diligent	kruopštus
dill	krapai
diluent	skiediklis
dilute	atskiesti
diluted	praskiesta
dilution	skiedimas
dim	šiek tiek
dime	dime
dimension	dimensija
dimensional	matmenų
diminish	mažėja
diminished	sumažėjo
diminution	mažėjimas
diminutive	mažybinis
dimwit	dimwit
din	NO TRANSLATION
dine	pietauti
diner	valgomasis
dinghy	velenas
dingo	Dingo
dingy	nuobodu
dining	pietauti
dinky	dinaminis
dinner	vakarienė
dinnertime	vakarienė
dinosaur	dinozauras
dint	dint
diocesan	vyskupija
diocese	vyskupija
diorama	dioramas
dioxide	dioksidas
dip	suplakti
diploma	diplomas
diplomacy	diplomatija
diplomat	diplomatas
diplomatic	diplomatinis
dipper	kastuvas
dippy	dippy
dipstick	matuoklis
dire	NO TRANSLATION
direct	tiesioginis
directed	nukreiptas
direction	kryptis
directive	direktyva
directly	tiesiogiai
director	direktorius
directory	katalogas
dirt	purvas
dirty	purvinas
disability	negalia
disable	išjungti
disabled	išjungtas
disadvantage	trūkumas
disaffected	nepasitenkinimas
disagree	nesutikti
disagreeable	nepatogu
disagreeing	nesutinku
disagreement	nesutarimas
disallow	uždrausti
disallowed	neleidžiama
disapointment	NO TRANSLATION
disappear	išnyks
disappearance	išnykimas
disappearing	išnyksta
disappoint	nuvilti
disappointed	nusivylusi
disappointing	nusivylęs
disappointment	nusivylimas
disapproval	nepatvirtinimas
disapprove	nepatvirtinkite
disapproved	nepatvirtintas
disapproving	nepatvirtinti
disarm	atrakinti
disarray	nerimauti
disaster	nelaimė
disastrous	katastrofiškas
disband	iškrauti
disbelief	netikėjimas
disbelieve	netikėti
disburse	išmokėti
disbursement	išmokėjimas
disc	diskas
discard	išmesti
discarded	atmesta
discards	išmetimas
discern	išskirti
discernible	pastebimas
discerning	sąmoningas
discernment	supratimas
discharge	išleidimas
disciple	mokinys
disciplinary	drausmės
discipline	disciplina
disciplined	disciplinuotas
disclaim	atsisakyti
disclaimer	atsisakymas nuo atsakomybės
disclose	atskleisti
disclosed	atskleista
disclosure	atskleidimas
disco	diskoteka
discoloration	spalvos pasikeitimas
discolored	pasikeitė
discomfort	diskomfortas
disconcerted	nustebintas
disconcerting	nenuostabu
disconnect	atjunkite
disconnected	atjungtas
disconnection	atjungimas
disconnects	atjungia
discontent	nepasitenkinimas
discontinuance	nutraukimas
discontinue	nutraukti
discontinuity	nutraukimas
discontinuous	nepertraukiamas
discord	nesantaika
discount	nuolaida
discounted	diskontuota
discourage	atgrasinkite
discouraged	atgrasyti
discouragement	nusivylimas
discouraging	atgrasyti
discourse	diskursas
discover	atrasti
discovery	atradimas
discredit	diskredituoti
discredited	diskredituotas
discreet	NO TRANSLATION
discrepancy	neatitikimas
discrete	diskretus
discretion	diskrecija
discretionary	diskrecinis
discriminate	diskriminuoti
discriminating	diskriminuojantis
discrimination	diskriminacija
discus	Diskusas
discuss	aptarti
discussion	diskusija
disdain	nusivylimas
disdainful	niekingas
disease	liga
diseased	sergantis
disembodied	neprilygstamas
disengage	atleiskite
disengagement	atmetimas
disfigured	iškraipyta
disgrace	gėda
disgraced	gėda
disgraceful	gėdingas
disgruntled	nepatogus
disguise	maskuoti
disguised	paslėptas
disgust	pasibjaurėjimas
disgusted	nerimauja
disgusting	bjaurus
dish	patiekalas
disheartened	nerimtas
disheartening	disheartening
dishonest	nesąžiningas
dishonesty	nesąžiningumas
dishonor	nesąžiningi
dishonorable	negarbingas
dishwasher	indaplovė
disillusionment	nusivylimas
disinclination	neviltis
disincline	iškraipyti
disinclined	nesijaudintas
disinfect	dezinfekuoti
disinfectant	dezinfekavimo priemonė
disinfection	dezinfekavimas
disinformation	dezinformacija
disingenuous	menkas
disintegrate	suskaidyti
disintegration	suskaidymas
disinterested	nesuinteresuotas
disjoint	nesutampa
disjointed	išskirstytas
disjunctive	disjunctive
disk	diskas
diskette	diskelis
dislike	nepatinka
disliked	nepatinka
disliking	nepatinka
dislocated	dislokuotas
dislocation	dislokacija
dislodge	išstumti
disloyal	netobulas
disloyalty	neobjektyvumas
dismal	žiaurus
dismantle	išardyti
dismay	sumišimas
dismayed	nusiminusi
dismemberment	suskaidymas
dismiss	atleisti
dismissal	atleidimas iš darbo
dismissive	atsisakantis
dismount	išmontuoti
disobedience	nepaklusnumas
disobedient	nepaklusnus
disobey	nepaklusti
disorder	sutrikimas
disordered	sutrikusi
disorderly	netvarkingai
disorganized	neorganizuotas
disorientation	dezorientacija
disoriented	dezorientuotas
disown	atmesti
disparage	nusiminusi
disparaging	nusivylimas
disparate	skiriasi
disparity	skirtumas
dispassionate	beviltiška
dispatch	siuntimas
dispatcher	dispečeris
dispel	išsklaidyti
dispensary	ambulatorija
dispensation	išpardavimas
dispense	išmesti
dispenser	dozatorius
dispersal	pasiskirstymas
disperse	skleisti
dispersed	išsklaidytas
dispersion	dispersija
dispirited	pasmerktas
displace	išstumti
displaced	perkeltos
displacement	poslinkis
displacency	pasikeitimas
display	rodyti
displease	nepatinka
displeased	nepatinka
displeasure	nepatenkinti
disposable	vienkartinis
disposal	šalinimas
dispose	išmesti
disposed	išmesti
disposition	dispozicija
dispossessed	išlaisvinta
disprove	paneigti
dispute	gintis
disqualification	diskvalifikacija
disqualified	diskvalifikuotas
disqualify	diskvalifikuoti
disquieted	nerimtas
disregard	nepaisyti
disregarded	neatsižvelgiama
disrelish	atsikratyti
disreputable	nepriimtinas
disrepute	nuversti
disrespect	nepagarba
disrespectful	nepagarbus
disrupt	sutrikdyti
disrupting	sutrikdyti
disruption	žlugimas
disruptive	trikdantis
dissatisfaction	nepasitenkinimas
dissatisfied	nepatenkintas
dissect	ištirpinti
dissection	atskyrimas
disseminate	skleisti
dissemination	platinimas
dissension	nesantaika
dissent	nepasitenkinimas
dissenting	nepasitenkinimas
dissertation	disertacija
disservice	kantrumas
dissident	disidentas
dissimilar	skirtingas
dissipate	išsklaidyti
dissipated	išsklaidytas
dissociation	disociacija
dissociative	atsitiktinis
dissolution	tirpimas
dissolve	ištirpinti
dissonance	disonansas
dissuade	atgrasyti
distal	distalinis
distance	atstumas
distant	toli
distaste	atsikratyti
distasteful	nepatogus
distillate	distiliatas
distillation	distiliavimas
distilled	distiliuotas
distinct	skiriasi
distinction	skirtumas
distinctive	skiriamasis
distinguish	išskirti
distinguishable	skiriasi
distinguished	išsiskiria
distinguishing	atskirti
distort	iškraipyti
distorted	iškreipta
distortion	iškraipymas
distract	atitraukti
distracted	išsiblaškęs
distracting	blaško
distraction	išsiblaškymas
distraught	iškraipytas
distress	nelaimė
distressed	susikrimtęs
distressing	kankinantis
distribute	paskirstyti
distribution	platinimas
distributor	platintojas
district	rajonas
distrust	nepasitikėjimas
disturb	trikdyti
disturbance	trikdymas
disturbed	sutrikdyta
disturbing	trikdantis
disuse	išnaudoti
disused	išnaudotas
ditch	griovys
ditto	taip pat
ditty	dutty
diurnal	Dieną
diva	Diva
divan	NO TRANSLATION
dive	pasinerti
diver	naras
diverge	skirtis
divergence	skirtumas
divergent	skiriasi
diverging	skiriasi
divers	narai
diverse	įvairus
diversified	diversifikuota
diversify	diversifikuoti
diversion	nukreipimas
diversionary	nukreipiamasis asmuo
diversity	įvairovė
divert	nukreipti
diverting	nukreipimas
divest	atsikratyti
divested	parduotas
divestment	atskyrimas
divide	padalinti
divided	padalintas
dividend	dividendas
divination	malonumas
divine	dieviška
divinity	dieviškumas
divisible	dalijamasi
division	padalinys
divisor	daliklis
divorce	skyrybos
divorcee	santuokos nutraukimas
divulge	atskleisti
divvy	atsipalaiduoti
dizziness	galvos svaigimas
dizzy	apsvaigęs
do	daryk
doable	vykdytinas
doc	doc
docile	pagarbiai
dock	prieplauka
docked	prijungtas
docket	antspaudas
docking	prijungimas
doctor	gydytojas
doctorate	daktaro laipsnis
doctrinal	doktrina
doctrine	doktrina
document	dokumentas
documentary	dokumentinis filmas
documentation	dokumentacija
documents	dokumentai
dodge	Dodge
dodger	Dodger
dodging	vengiant
dodgy	apgailėtinas
dodo	dodo
doe	daryti
doer	atlikėjas
dog	šuo
dogface	dogface
dogged	užsispyręs
doggy	dogga
doghouse	šuns būda
dogma	dogma
dogmatic	dogmatiškas
dogsick	NO TRANSLATION
doings	veiksmai
doit	NO TRANSLATION
dojo	dojo
doldrums	silpnumas
dole	Dole
doll	lėlė
dollar	doleris
dollhouse	lėlių namelis
dolor	NO TRANSLATION
dolphin	delfinas
domain	domenas
dome	kupolas
domestic	vidaus
domesticated	prijaukintas
domestication	prijaukinimas
domicile	nuolatinė gyvenamoji vieta
domiciled	nuolatinė gyvenamoji vieta
dominance	dominavimas
dominant	dominuojantis
dominate	dominuoti
dominating	dominuoja
domination	dominavimas
dominatrix	dominatrix
dominion	dominavimas
domino	domino
don	don
donate	paaukoti
donation	donorystė
donkey	asilas
donor	donoras
dontlikeyou	NO TRANSLATION
dontmess	NO TRANSLATION
dontmesswithme	dontmesswithme
dontpanic	Dontpanic
dontunderstand	NO TRANSLATION
doodle	Doodle
doom	lemtis
doomed	pasmerktas
doomsday	pasimatymų diena
door	durys
doorbell	durų skambutis
doorknob	Doorknob
doorman	durininkas
doormat	Durų kilimėlis
doornail	Doornail
doorstep	slenkstis
doorway	durys
dopamine	dopaminas
dope	dope
dopey	dopey
dork	Dorkas
dorky	Dorky
dorm	Bendrabutis
dormant	neveikiantis
dormitory	bendrabutyje
dorsal	nugaros dalis
dosage	dozavimas
dose	dozė
dossier	dokumentacija
dot	taškas
doting	doting
dotted	punktyrinis
dotty	taškas
double	dvigubai
doubled	padvigubintas
doublet	dubletas
doubling	dvigubai
doubt	abejonių
doubtful	abejotinas
doubting	abejotinas
doubtless	neabejotinai
doubts	abejonės
douche	dušas
douchebags	douchebags
dough	tešla
doughboy	muilas
doughnut	spurga
dour	saldus
douse	nušluostyti
dove	balandis
down	žemyn
downcast	nuosmukis
downer	nuleidiklis
downfall	žlugimas
downfield	laukimo laukas
downhearted	nusileidęs
downhill	nuokalnė
download	parsisiųsti
downpour	nusileidimas
downright	tiesa
downriver	žemyn
downside	Neigiama pusė
downtime	prastovos laikas
downward	žemyn
downy	žemas
dowry	prizas
doze	doze
dozen	dešimt
drab	drab
draft	projektas
drafty	drafty
drag	vilkite
dragon	drakonas
dragonfly	laumžirgis
drain	nutekėjimas
drainage	drenažas
drained	nusausintas
draining	nutekėjimas
drainpipe	drenažo vamzdis
drake	drake
drama	dramos
dramaqueen	NO TRANSLATION
dramatic	dramatiškas
drape	drabuziu
drapery	drabuziu
drastic	drastiškas
drat	NO TRANSLATION
draught	projektas
draw	atkreipti
drawback	trūkumas
drawbridge	traukiamoji tiltelis
drawer	stalčius
drawers	moteriškos kelnaitės
drawing	piešimas
dread	baimė
dreaded	bijojo
dreadful	baisus
dreadfully	baisiai
dreading	baimės
dream	svajoti
dreamboat	svajonių valtis
dreamer	svajotojas
dreaming	svajoti
dreamland	Dreamland
dreams	svajones
dreamt	svajojo
dreamy	svajingas
dreary	nuobodus
dredge	dragas
drenched	įmirkęs
dress	suknelė
dresser	drabužinė
dressmaker	suknelė
dressy	apsirengęs
dribble	NO TRANSLATION
dried	džiovintas
drier	džiovintuvas
drift	dreifas
drifted	dreifuotas
drifter	dreifas
driftwood	driftwood
drill	grąžtas
drink	gerti
drinker	geriamasis
drinking	gerti
drinks	gėrimai
drip	lašelinė
dripping	pilamasis
drive	vairuoti
drivel	Drivel
driver	vairuotojas
driveway	atokvėpio kelias
drizzle	dulksna
droll	pabandykite
drone	drone
drones	drones
drool	drool
drooping	nusileidimas
droopy	nutildyti
drop	lašas
droplet	lašelis
dropout	iškristi
dropper	lašintuvas
drought	sausra
drove	NO TRANSLATION
drown	nuskęsti
drowsiness	mieguistumas
drowsy	mieguistas
drudgery	drudgery
drug	vaistas
drug dealing	prekyba narkotikais
drugged	narkotinis poveikis
druggist	vaistininkas
drugs	narkotikai
drugstore	vaistinė
druid	druidas
drum	būgnas
drummer	būgnininkas
drumming	būgnai
drunk	girtas
drunk driving	Vairavimas išgėrus
drunkard	girtuoklis
drunken	girtas
drunkenness	girtavimas
dry	sausas
dryer	džiovintuvas
dryness	sausumas
dual	dvigubas
dualism	dualizmas
duality	dvilypumas
dub	Dubas
dubious	abejotinas
duchess	kunigaikštystė
duck	antis
ducking	nusileidimas
duckling	ančiukas
ducky	dukas
duct	kanalas
ductile	kalimas
dud	dud
dude	dude
duds	duds
due	dėl to
duel	dvikova
dues	rinkliavos
duet	duetas
duffel	duffel
dugout	iškasti
duh	Duh
duke	kunigaikštis
dull	nuobodus
dullard	Dullard
dumb	kvailas
dumbasses	kumšteliai
dumbbell	hantelis
dumbbitch	NO TRANSLATION
dumfound	niūri
dumfounder	NO TRANSLATION
dummy	manekenas
dump	sąvartynas
dumpling	Moliūgas
dumps	sąvartynai
dumpster	šiukšliadėžė
dun	dun
dunce	Dunce
dune	kopos
dung	NO TRANSLATION
dungeon	Dungeon
dunk	dunk
duo	duetas
dupe	dupe
duplex	dvipusis
duplicate	dublikatas
duplication	kopijavimas
duplicity	dvilypumas
durability	patvarumas
durable	patvarus
duration	trukmė
duress	priversti
dusk	vakaras
dusky	purvinas
dust	dulkes
duster	duster
dustpan	dulkių surinktuvas
dusty	dulkėtas
dutiful	tinkamas
duty	pareiga
dwarf	nykštukas
dwarfed	nykštukas
dweeb	Dweeb
dwell	apsistoti
dweller	gyventojas
dwelling	būstas
dye	dažai
dying	mirti
dyke	dykuma
dynamic	dinamiškas
dynamical	dinamiškas
dynamics	dinamika
dynamite	dinamitas
dynamo	dynamo
dynasty	dinastija
dysentery	dizenterija
dysfunction	disfunkcija
dysfunctional	disfunkcionalus
dyspepsia	dispepsija
eager	nori
eagerness	troškimas
eagle	erelis
ear	ausis
earful	auskaras
earl	Earl
earlier	anksčiau
early	anksti
earn	uždirbti
earnest	rimtai
earnestly	sąžiningai
earnestness	nuoširdumas
earnings	pajamos
earpiece	ausinės
earring	auskarai
earrings	auskarai
earshot	auskaras
earth	žemė
earthenware	keramikos gaminiai
earthling	landlingas
earthly	žemiškas
earthquake	žemės drebėjimas
earthy	žemiškas
ease	lengvumas
easel	molbertas
easement	servitutas
easily	lengvai
east	rytuose
eastbound	rytuose
eastern	rytas
easy	lengva
easygoing	linksmas
eat	valgyti
eater	eater
eating	valgymas
eatingdisorders	NO TRANSLATION
eavesdrop	pasiklausyti
eavesdropping	slapyvardis
ebb	atsipalaiduoti
ebony	juodmedis
ebullient	ebulentas
eccentric	ekscentriškas
eccentricity	ekscentriškumas
ecclesiastical	bažnytinis
echelon	ešelonas
echinacea	ežiuolė
echo	echo
eclectic	eklektiškas
eclipse	užtemimas
ecliptic	ekliptika
ecological	ekologiškas
economic	ekonominis
economical	ekonomiškas
economics	ekonomika
economy	ekonomika
ecosystem	ekosistemos
ecstasy	ekstazis
ecstatic	ekstazinis
ecumenical	ekumeninis
eddy	eddy
edema	edema
edge	kraštas
edging	apvadu
edgy	edgy
edible	valgomasis
edict	Edict
edification	ugdymas
edifice	pastatas
edit	Redaguoti
editing	redaguoti
edition	leidimas
editor	redaktorius
editorial	redakcinis straipsnis
educate	auklėti
educated	išsilavinę
education	švietimas
educational	švietimo
educator	pedagogas
eeeek	NO TRANSLATION
eeek	NO TRANSLATION
eek	eek
eel	ungurys
eerie	baisus
effect	efektas
effective	efektyvus
effectiveness	efektyvumas
effects	efektai
effectual	efektyvus
effectually	veiksmingai
effectuate	įvykdyti
effeminate	moteriški
efficacious	veiksmingas
efficacy	veiksmingumas
efficiency	efektyvumas
efficient	efektyvus
effigy	paveiksliukas
effort	pastangos
effortless	lengvas
effusion	efuzija
effyou	NO TRANSLATION
egg	kiaušinis
egghead	Egghead
eggnog	Eggnog
eggplant	Baklažanas
eggshell	kiaušinio plekšnė
ego	ego
egomaniac	egomaniškas
egotistical	egoistinis
egregious	kankinantis
egress	išvažiavimas
eight	aštuoni
eighteen	aštuoniolika
eighth	aštunta
eighty	aštuoniasdešimt
ejaculate	ejakuliuoti
ejaculation	ejakuliacija
eject	išmesti
ejection	išmetimas
elaborate	detalizuoti
elaboration	kūrimas
elan	NO TRANSLATION
elapse	praeiti
elapsed	praėjo
elastic	elastinga
elasticity	elastingumas
elated	išaukštintas
elation	pagyvėjimas
elbow	alkūnė
eld	eld
elder	vyresnysis
elderly	senyvo amžiaus
elders	vyresnieji
eldest	vyresnysis
elect	išsirinkti
election	rinkimai
elective	pasirenkamasis
elector	rinkėjas
electoral	rinkimai
electorate	rinkėjai
electric	elektrinis
electric slide	elektrinis stiklelis
electrical	elektrinis
electrician	elektrikai
electricity	elektra
electrify	elektrifikuokite
electrocute	elektrošokas
electrocution	elektros smūgis
electromagnetic	elektromagnetinis
electron	elektronas
electronic	elektroninis
electronics	elektronika
elegance	elegancija
elegant	elegantiškas
element	elementas
elemental	Elemental
elementary	elementarus
elements	elementai
elephant	dramblys
elevate	pakelti
elevated	aukštas
elevation	aukštis
elevator	Liftas
eleven	vienuolika
eleventh	vienuoliktas
elf	Elfas
elicit	išryškinti
eligible	tinkamas
eliminate	pašalinti
elimination	pašalinimas
elite	elitas
elitist	elitinis
elixir	eliksyras
elk	briedis
ell	el
ellipse	elipsė
ellipsis	ellipsis
ellipsoid	elipsoidas
elliptic	elipsinis
elliptical	elipsinė
elm	elnias
elongate	prailgintas
elongation	pailgėjimas
elope	gyventi
eloquence	iškalba
eloquent	iškalbingas
elucidate	išsiaiškinti
elucidation	paaiškinimas
elude	išsisukti
elusive	nepakankamas
emaciated	išnykęs
email	elektroniniu paštu
emanate	išeiti
emancipation	emancipacija
embankment	krantinė
embargo	NO TRANSLATION
embark	pradėti
embarrass	nuliūdinti
embarrassed	nuliūdęs
embarrassing	nepatogus
embarrassment	sumišimas
embassy	ambasada
embattled	ginkluotas
embed	įdėti
embellish	puošia
embellishment	puošmena
embers	angelai
embezzlement	grobstymas
embezzler	grobis
emblem	emblema
emblematic	simbolinė
embodiment	įsikūnijimas
embolism	embolija
embossed	įspaustas
embrace	apsirengti
embroidered	išsiuvinėta
embroidery	siuvinėjimas
embroiled	įstrigo
embryo	embrionas
embryonic	embrioninis
emcee	emcee
emerald	smaragdas
emerge	atsiras
emergence	atsiradimas
emergency	Skubus atvėjis
emeritus	emeritas
emery	emery
emetophobia	emetofobija
emigrate	emigruoti
emigration	emigracija
eminence	Eminence
eminent	iškilmingas
eminently	išskirtinai
emir	NO TRANSLATION
emissary	emsaras
emission	emisija
emit	išmesti
emo	emo
emotion	emocija
emotional	emocinis
emotive	emocingas
empathic	empatiškas
empathize	empatija
empathy	empatija
emperor	imperatorius
emphasis	pabrėžimas
emphasize	pabrėžti
emphatic	empatiškas
emphysema	emfizema
empire	imperija
empirical	empirinis
empiricism	empirizmas
employ	įdarbinti
employee	darbuotojas
employer	darbdavys
employment	užimtumas
emporium	emporium
empower	suteikti galios
empress	Empress
emptiness	tuštuma
emption	įsigijimas
empty	tuščia
emu	emu
emulate	imuliuoti
emulsion	emulsija
enable	įgalinti
enablement	įgalinimas
enact	priimti
enactment	priėmimas
enamel	emalio
encampment	stovyklavietė
enchant	enchant
enchanted	enchanted
enchanting	enchanting
enchantment	kerštas
enchantress	enchantress
enchilada	enchilada
encircle	apsupti
encircling	apsuptas
enclave	anklavą
enclose	pridėti
enclosure	gaubtas
encode	koduoti
encomiastic	NO TRANSLATION
encomium	encomium
encompass	apimti
encore	NO TRANSLATION
encounter	susitikimas
encourage	paskatinti
encouraged	skatinamas
encouragement	skatinimas
encouraging	skatinti
encroach	įsiveržti
encroachment	įsibrovimas
encrypt	užšifruoti
encryption	šifravimas
encumbrance	apkrovimas
encyclopedia	enciklopedija
end	galas
end table	stalo galas
endanger	kelti grėsmę
endangered	nykstantis
endangerment	pavojus
endearing	malonus
endeavor	stengtis
ended	baigėsi
endemic	endemiškas
endgame	endgame
ending	pabaiga
endless	begalinis
endocarditis	endokarditas
endorse	pritarti
endorsement	patvirtinimas
endow	duoti
endowed	apdovanotas
endowment	apdovanojimas
endpapers	laikraščiai
endpoint	pasekmė
endurance	ištvermė
endure	iškęsti
enduring	ilgalaikis
enema	klizma
enemy	priešas
energetic	energingas
energize	energizuoti
energy	energija
enforce	vykdomas
enforcement	vykdymas
enforcer	vykdytojas
engage	užsiimti
engaged	užsiima
engagement	įsitraukimas
engaging	patrauklus
engender	gimdymas
engine	variklis
engineer	inžinierius
engineering	inžinerija
engrave	graviruoti
engraved	išgraviruotas
engraver	gravieris
engraving	graviūrų
engrossed	sugriautas
engrossing	patrauklus
engulf	susipainioti
enhance	padidinti
enhancement	patobulinimas
enigma	minigma
enigmatic	paslaptinga
enjoin	užsiregistruoti
enjoy	mėgautis
enjoyable	malonus
enjoying	mėgaujuosi
enjoyment	malonumas
enlarge	Padidinti
enlarged	išsiplėtęs
enlargement	plėtra
enlighten	apšviesti
enlightened	apšviestas
enlightening	šviečiantis
enlightenment	apšvietimas
enlist	įsitraukti
enliven	pagyvinti
enmity	priešiškumas
ennui	ennui
enormity	didžiulis
enormous	milžiniškas
enormously	didžiuliai
enraged	susierzino
enrich	praturtinkite
enroll	užsiregistruoti
enrollment	registracija
ensemble	ansamblis
ensign	ženminbi
enslave	pavergti
enslaved	pavergė
enslavement	pavergimas
ensue	sekti
ensure	užtikrinti
entail	sukelti
entangled	įsipainiojęs
entanglement	įsipainiojimas
enter	įveskite
enterprise	įmonė
enterprising	iniciatyvus
entertain	pramogauti
entertained	pramogauti
entertainer	pramogų atlikėjas
entertaining	linksmas
entertainment	pramogos
enthralled	sužavėtas
enthusiasm	entuziazmas
enthusiast	entuziastai
enthusiastic	entuziastingas
entice	pagauti
entire	visa
entirety	visa
entitle	teisę gauti
entity	subjektas
entomology	entomologija
entourage	atokvėpio vieta
entrails	angarai
entrance	įėjimas
entrapment	įsipainiojimas
entreat	prašau
entree	valgykla
entrepreneur	verslininkas
entrust	pavesti
entry	įrašas
enumerate	perskaičiuoti
enumeration	skaičiavimas
envelope	vokas
envious	pavydus
environ	NO TRANSLATION
environment	aplinka
environmental	aplinkosauga
environs	apylinkėse
envision	įsivaizduoti
envoy	pasiuntinys
envy	pavydas
enzyme	fermentas
ephemeral	trumpalaikis
ephemeris	efemeridai
epic	epinis
epidemic	epidemija
epidermis	epidermis
epidural	epidurinė
epilepsy	epilepsija
epileptic	epilepsija
epilogue	epilogas
epiphany	epifanija
episcopal	vyskupas
episode	epizodas
episodic	epizodinis
epistle	laiškas
epitaph	epitapas
epithet	epitetas
epitome	epitome
epoch	epocha
equal	lygus
equality	lygybė
equalization	išlyginimas
equalize	išlyginti
equalizer	ekvalaizeris
equally	lygiai taip pat
equate	lygu
equation	lygtis
equator	ekvatorius
equatorial	ekvatorinis
equestrian	jojimo
equidistant	vienodai tolygiai
equilibration	pusiausvyra
equilibrium	pusiausvyra
equip	aprūpinti
equipment	įranga
equitable	teisingas
equity	nuosavybė
equivalence	lygiavertiškumas
equivalent	lygiavertis
equivocal	dviprasmiškas
era	era
eradicate	išnaikinti
eradication	likvidavimas
erase	ištrinti
eraser	trintukas
erasure	ištrinti
ere	NO TRANSLATION
erect	pastatytas
erectile	erekcijos
erection	erekcija
ergo	NO TRANSLATION
erode	išardyti
erosion	erozija
erotic	erotika
erotica	erotika
err	klaida
errand	pavedimas
errant	klaidinga
erratic	nepastovus
erratum	Erratum
erroneous	klaidingas
error	klaida
erst	NO TRANSLATION
erudite	eruditas
erupt	išsiveržti
eruption	išsiveržimas
escalade	escalade
escalate	išsiplėsti
escalating	didėja
escalation	eskalacija
escalator	eskalatorius
escape	Pabegti
escaped	pabėgo
escarpment	išsiveržimas
eschew	išvengti
escort	palyda
escrow	sąlyginis atidėjimas
esophagus	stemplė
esoteric	ezoterinė
especial	NO TRANSLATION
espionage	šnipinėjimas
espouse	pasisakykite
espresso	Espreso
esprit	espritas
esquire	esquire
essay	esė
essayist	eseistė
essence	esmė
essential	esminis
essentially	iš esmės
establish	nustatyti
established	įsteigta
establishment	įsisteigimas
estate	turtas
esteem	pagarba
esteemed	gerbiamas
esthetic	estetinis
estimable	apčiuopiamas
estimate	apskaičiuoti
estimation	vertinimas
estoppel	estoppel
estranged	šalinasi
estrogen	estrogenas
estuary	estuarija
etch	etch
etching	ėsdinimas
eternal	amžina
eternity	amžinybė
ethanol	etanolis
ether	eteris
ethereal	eterinis
ethic	etika
ethical	etiška
ethics	Etika
ethnic	etninis
ethnography	etnografija
etiology	etiologija
etiquette	etiketas
etymology	etimologija
eucalyptus	eukaliptas
euchre	euchre
eugenics	eugenika
eulogistic	eulogistic
eulogium	eulogiumas
eulogize	Eulogize
eulogy	pamokymas
euphemism	eufemizmas
euphoria	euforija
euphoric	euforija
euro	euras
euthanasia	eutanazija
evacuate	evakuoti
evacuation	evakuacija
evade	išvengti
evaluate	įvertinti
evaluation	vertinimas
evanescence	evanescence
evangelical	evangelikų
evangelist	evangelistas
evangelistic	Evangelistika
evaporate	išgaruoti
evaporation	garinimas
evasion	vengimas
evasive	evasive
eve	išvakarės
evening	vakare
evens	NO TRANSLATION
event	įvykis
eventful	turtingas
eventual	galimas
eventuality	galimas dalykas
evergreen	visada žalia
everlasting	amžinai
evermore	amžinai
everyday	kiekvieną dieną
everyman	kiekvienas žmogus
evict	iškeldinti
eviction	iškeldinimas
evidence	įrodymai
evident	Akivaizdu
evidentiary	įrodymas
evil	velnias
evoke	iškviesti
evolution	evoliucija
evolutionary	evoliucinis
evolve	vystytis
ewe	avelė
ex	ex
exacerbate	sustiprinti
exacerbation	paūmėjimas
exact	tiksliai
exacting	griežtas
exaggerate	perdėti
exaggerated	perdėtas
exaggeration	perdaug
exalt	pagirti
exaltation	išaukštinimas
exalted	išaukštintas
exam	egzaminas
examination	egzaminas
examine	išnagrinėti
examiner	egzaminuotojas
example	pavyzdys
exasperated	išgąsdintas
exasperation	pasipiktinimas
excavate	iškasti
excavation	kasimas
excavator	ekskavatorius
exceed	viršyti
exceeding	viršija
excel	puikiai
excellence	kompetencija
excellent	puikiai
excelsior	excelsior
excepting	išskyrus
exception	išimtis
exceptional	išskirtinis
excerpt	ištrauka
excess	perviršis
excessive	pernelyg didelis
excessively	per daug
exchange	keistis
excise	akcizas
excision	iškirpimas
excitability	patrauklumas
excitable	patrauklus
excitation	sužadinimas
excite	sužadinti
excited	susijaudinęs
excitement	jaudulys
exciting	įdomus
exclaim	šaukti
exclamation	šauktukas
exclude	Neįtraukti
excluded	neįtraukta
excluding	išskyrus
exclusion	išskyrimas
exclusive	išskirtinis
excrement	ekskrementai
excretion	išsiskyrimas
excruciating	siaubingas
excursion	ekskursija
excuse	atleiskite
exec	exec
execute	įvykdyti
execution	vykdymas
executioner	kareivis
executive	vykdomasis
executor	vykdytojas
exegesis	egzgezė
exemplar	pavyzdys
exemplary	pavyzdinis
exemplify	pavyzdys
exempt	atleidžiamas nuo mokesčio
exemption	atleidimas nuo mokesčio
exercise	pratimas
exert	pasireikšti
exertion	prievarta
exhale	iškvėpti
exhaust	išmetimas
exhausted	išnaudota
exhaustion	išsekimas
exhaustive	išsamus
exhibit	eksponuoti
exhibition	paroda
exhilarated	linksmas
exhilarating	įkvepiantis
exhilaration	linksmas
exhort	prašau
exhortation	raginimas
exhumation	ekshumacija
exhume	Exhume
exigent	NO TRANSLATION
exile	tremtis
exist	egzistuoja
existence	egzistavimas
existent	egzistuoja
existential	egzistencinis
existing	esamos
exit	išeiti
exodus	išvykimas
exonerate	atleisti
exorbitant	pernelyg didelis
exorcism	eksorcizmas
exorcist	egzorcistas
exotic	egzotiškas
expand	išplėsti
expanded	išsiplėtė
expanse	erdvė
expansion	plėtra
expansive	ekspansyvus
expatriate	išvykti iš šalies
expect	tikėtis
expectance	laukimas
expectancy	tikimybė
expectant	vyraujanti
expectation	lūkesčiai
expected	tikimasi
expecting	tikimasi
expediency	tikslingumas
expedient	tikslinga
expedite	pagreitinti
expedition	ekspedicija
expeditious	greitas
expel	išsiųsti
expendable	ilgaamžis
expenditure	išlaidos
expense	sąskaita
expenses	išlaidos
expensive	brangus
experience	patirtis
experienced	Patyręs
experiences	patirtys
experiment	eksperimentas
experimental	eksperimentinis
experimentation	eksperimentavimas
experimenter	eksperimentas
expert	ekspertas
expertise	patirtis
expiration	galiojimo laikas
expire	pasibaigia
expired	pasibaigė
expiry	galiojimo laikas
explain	paaiškinti
explanation	paaiškinimas
explanatory	aiškinamasis
expletive	pagarbus
explication	paaiškinimas
explicit	aiškus
explode	sprogti
exploit	išnaudoti
exploitation	išnaudojimas
exploration	tyrinėjimas
exploratory	tiriamasis
explore	ištirti
explorer	tyrėjas
explosion	sprogimas
explosions	sprogimai
explosive	sprogi
expo	Expo
exponent	eksponentas
exponential	eksponentinis
export	eksportuoti
exportation	eksportas
expose	atskleisti
exposed	eksponuotos
exposition	ekspozicija
expository	aprašymas
exposure	poveikis
expound	išsiaiškinti
express	išreikšti
expression	išraiška
expressive	išraiškingas
expressway	greitkelis
expropriation	nusavinimas
expulsion	išsiuntimas iš šalies
exquisite	puikūs
exquisitely	puikiai
extant	išlikę
extend	išplėsti
extendable	pratęsiamas
extended	pratęstas
extension	pratęsimas
extensive	platus
extent	apimtis
exterior	eksterjeras
exterminate	naikinti
extermination	naikinimas
exterminator	naikintojas
external	išorinis
externally	išoriškai
extinct	išnykęs
extinction	išnykimas
extinguish	gesinti
extinguisher	gesintuvas
extol	Extol
extort	išstumti
extortion	prievartavimas
extra	papildomai
extract	ekstraktas
extracting	ekstrahavimas
extraction	gavyba
extractor	ekstraktorius
extracurricular	neakivaizdinis
extradition	ekstradicija
extrajudicial	neteisminis
extramural	neakivaizdinis
extraneous	pašaliniai
extraordinaire	nepaprasta
extraordinary	nepaprastas
extraterrestrial	nežemiškos
extravagance	ekstravagancija
extravagant	ekstravagantiška
extravaganza	ekstravaganza
extreme	ekstremalios
extreme anticipation	ekstremalus laukimas
extreme disgust	ekstremalios pasibjaurėjimas
extreme surprise	didžiulis siurprizas
extreme trust	ekstremalus pasitikėjimas
extremely	labai
extremely negative	labai neigiamas
extremely positive	labai teigiamas
extremity	galūnės
extricate	ištraukti
extrinsic	išorinis
extrusion	ekstruzija
exuberance	pasipiktinimas
exude	išsisukti
eye	akis
eyeball	akies obuolys
eyebrow	antakis
eyeful	žvilgsnis
eyeglass	akinis stiklas
eyeglasses	akiniai
eyelash	blakstiena
eyelet	kilpa
eyeliner	akių pieštukas
eyepiece	okuliaras
eyes	akys
eyesight	regėjimas
eyewitness	liudytojas
fab	Fab
fable	fable
fabled	kvailas
fabric	medžiaga
fabricate	pagaminti
fabricated	pagamintas
fabrication	gamyba
fabulous	nuostabus
facade	fasadas
face	veidas
faceless	beveidis
facet	aspektas
facial	veido
facile	NO TRANSLATION
facilitate	palengvinti
facility	įrenginys
facing	susiduria su
facsimile	faksimilė
fact	faktas
faction	frakcija
factor	faktorius
factory	gamykla
facts	faktai
factual	faktinė
faculties	fakultetai
faculty	fakultetas
fad	fad
fade	išnyks
faded	išblukęs
faeces	išmatos
fag	fag
faggot	fagot
fail	nepavyks
failing	nesėkmingai
failure	nesėkmė
fain	NO TRANSLATION
faint	silpnas
fainting	alpulys
fair	šviesus
fairly	teisingai
fairness	sąžiningumas
fairway	farvaterius
fairy	fėja
faith	tikėjimas
faithful	Ištikimas
faithfulness	ištikimybė
faithless	tikintis
fake	netikrą
faker	suklastotasis
falafel	falafelis
falcon	falcon
fall	kritimo
fallacious	klaidingas
fallacy	klaida
fallback	atsitraukti
fallible	klaidingas
falling	kritimas
fallopian	kiaušintakis
fallout	nukristi
fallow	padeti
false	Klaidinga
falsehood	melas
falsely	klaidingai
falsification	falsifikavimas
falsified	suklastotas
falsify	klastoti
falsity	neteisingumas
falter	plakti
fame	šlovė
famed	garsus
familiar	pažįstamas
familiarity	pažintis
familiarize	susipažinti
family	šeima
familytime	seimos laikas
famine	badas
famished	baimingas
famous	garsus
famously	žinoma
fan	ventiliatorius
fanatic	fanatikas
fanatical	fanatiškas
fanaticism	fanatizmas
fanciful	išgalvotas
fancy	išgalvotas
fandango	Fandango
fanfare	fanfare
fang	NO TRANSLATION
fangs	fangs
fanning	fanning
fantasia	fantazija
fantasize	fantazuoti
fantastic	fantastinis
fantasy	fantazija
faraway	toli
farce	farsas
farcical	farcical
fare	bilietas
farewell	Atsisveikinimas
farm	ūkis
farmer	ūkininkas
farmhouse	sodyba
farming	ūkininkavimas
farmland	žemės ūkio paskirties žemė
faro	faro
fart	šokti
farther	toliau
fascia	fascia
fascinate	sužavėti
fascinated	sužavėtas
fascinating	patraukliai
fascination	susižavėjimas
fascism	fašizmas
fascist	fašistas
fashion	mada
fashionable	madinga
fastball	fastball
fasten	pritvirtinti
fastener	tvirtinimo detalė
fastening	tvirtinimas
fasting	badas
fat	riebalai
fatal	mirtinas
fatalism	fatalizmas
fatality	mirtis
fate	likimas
fated	fate
fateful	lemtingas
fathead	fathead
father	tėvas
fatherhood	tėvystė
fatherland	tėvynė
fatherly	tėviškai
fathom	supratau
fatigue	nuovargis
fatigued	pavargęs
fatso	Fatso
fatten	mėsa
fatty	riebalingas
faucet	čiaupas
fault	kaltė
faultless	beprotiška
faulty	klaidingas
faun	faun
fauna	fauna
faux	dirbtinis
favor	naudai
favorable	palankus
favorite	mėgstamiausia
favoriteholiday	NO TRANSLATION
favoritism	favoritizmas
fawn	žvilgsnis
fax	faksas
faze	NO TRANSLATION
fear	baimė
feared	bijojo
fearful	baisu
fearfully	baisiai
fearing	bijodamas
fearless	bebaimis
fears	baimės
fearsome	baisu
feasibility	galimumas
feasible	įmanoma
feast	šventė
feat	žygdarbis
feather	plunksna
feathered	plunksnuota
feature	funkcija
features	funkcijos
febrile	karščiavimas
fecal	išmatuota
feces	išmatos
fecundity	vaisingumas
fed	šeriamas
federal	federalinė
federation	federacija
fedup	NO TRANSLATION
fee	rinkliava
feeble	silpnas
feed	maitinti
feedback	Atsiliepimas
feeder	tiektuvas
feel	jaustis
feelgood	jaustis gerai
feeling	jausmas
feelingdown	NO TRANSLATION
feelinggood	NO TRANSLATION
feet	pėdos
feign	simuliuoti
feigned	įžeistas
feisty	feisty
felicity	felicity
feline	kačių
fell	nukrito
feller	feller
fellow	kolega
fellowship	bendravimas
felon	Felonas
felony	nusikaltimas
felt	jaučiamas
female	Moteris
feminine	moteriškas
femininity	moteriškumas
feminism	feminizmas
feminist	feministė
femme	NO TRANSLATION
femoral	šlaunika
femur	šlaunikaulis
fen	NO TRANSLATION
fence	tvora
fenced	aptvertas
fencing	tvoros
fend	atleisk
fender	sparnas
fennel	pankolis
ferment	fermentas
fermentation	fermentacija
fern	papartis
ferocious	žiaurus
ferocity	žiaurumas
ferret	šeškas
ferry	keltas
ferryboat	NO TRANSLATION
fertile	derlingas
fertility	vaisingumas
fertilize	tręšti
fertilizer	trąšos
fervent	aistringas
fervor	pasigailėjimas
fess	fess
fest	šventė
festival	festivalis
festive	šventinis
fetal	vaisius
fetch	atneškite
fete	NO TRANSLATION
fetish	fetišas
fetus	vaisius
feud	feudas
feudal	feodalinė
feudalism	feodalizmas
fever	karščiavimas
feverish	karščiavimas
fiancee	NO TRANSLATION
fiasco	fiasko
fiat	fiat
fib	plikas
fiber	pluoštas
fiberglass	stiklo pluoštas
fibrosis	fibrozė
fibrous	pluoštinė
fickle	nepastovus
fiction	fikcija
fictional	išgalvotas
fictitious	fiktyvus
fiddle	smuikas
fiddler	fiddler
fidelity	ištikimybė
fidgety	švelnus
fiduciary	patikėtinis
field	laukas
field hockey	Žolės riedulys
fielder	fielderis
fiend	velnias
fiendish	velniška
fierce	aštri
fiery	ugnis
fiesta	fiesta
fiesty	NO TRANSLATION
fifteen	penkiolika
fifty	penkiasdešimt
fig	fig
fight	kovoti
fighter	kovotojas
fighting	kovos
fights	kovoja
figment	vaistis
figurative	figūrinis
figure	figūra
figurine	figūrėlė
filament	gija
filamentous	filamentinis
file	failas
filet	filė
filibuster	filibuster
filigree	filigranas
filing	padavimas
filings	padėkliukai
fill	užpildyti
filler	užpildas
fillet	filė
filling	užpildymas
filly	saldainis
film	filmas
filmmaker	režisierius
filmy	NO TRANSLATION
filter	filtras
filth	purvinas
filthy	purvinas
filtration	filtravimas
fin	NO TRANSLATION
final	galutinis
finale	finale
finalist	finalistas
finality	baigtinumas
finalize	baigti
finalized	baigtas
finally	pagaliau
finance	finansuoti
financial	finansinis
financier	finansininkas
finch	žiurkė
find	rasti
finder	ieškiklis
finding	rasti
fine	gerai
finery	puošmena
finesse	malonumas
finger	pirštu
fingernail	nagai
fingerprint	pirštų atspaudai
fingerscrossed	NO TRANSLATION
finish	baigti
finished	baigtas
finite	baigtinis
fink	fink
fir	eglė
fire	Ugnis
firearm	šaunamas ginklas
firearms	šaunamieji ginklai
fireball	bolidas
firecracker	fejerverkas
firefight	gaisrinis smūgis
firefighter	gaisrininkas
firefly	žvakidė
firehouse	firehouse
firelight	ugnies šviesa
fireman	gaisrininkas
fireplace	židinys
firepower	ugnies jėga
fireproof	ugniai atsparus
fireside	židinys
firestorm	firestorm
firewall	ugniasienė
firewood	malkos
firework	fejerverkas
fireworks	fejerverkai
firing	šaudyti
firm	firma
firmament	tvirtovė
firmly	tvirtai
firmness	tvirtumas
first	Pirmas
firstborn	pirmagimis
firstworldprobs	NO TRANSLATION
fiscal	fiskalinė
fish	žuvis
fisherman	žvejys
fishery	žvejyba
fishing	žvejyba
fishing boat	žvejybos laivas
fishy	žuvies
fissile	dalijantis
fission	skilimas
fissure	plyšys
fist	kumštis
fistfight	Muštynės
fistful	kvailas
fistula	fistula
fit	tinka
fitness	fitnesas
fits	tinka
fitted	įrengtas
fitting	montavimas
fittings	jungiamosios detalės
five	penki
fiver	fiver
fix	pataisyti
fixable	tvirtinamas
fixation	fiksavimas
fixed	fiksuotas
fixer	fiksuotojas
fixture	šviestuvas
fixtures	armatūra
fizz	šnibždėti
fjord	fjordas
flabbergast	flabbergas
flabbergasted	pasislėpęs
flabby	įtemptas
flaccid	švelnus
flag	vėliava
flagging	žymėjimas
flagpole	flagpole
flagrant	akivaizdus
flagship	pavyzdinis
flagstaff	vėliavų stovas
flair	nuotaika
flak	flak
flake	sluoksnis
flaky	nelygus
flamboyant	blizgantis
flame	liepsna
flamethrower	ugniagesys
flaming	liepsna
flamingo	flamingo
flammable	degios
flan	flan
flange	flanšas
flank	šoninis
flanked	šalia
flanking	šalia
flannel	flanelis
flap	atvartas
flapping	klaidingas
flare	išvirtimas
flares	sprogstai
flaring	deginimasis
flash	blykstė
flashback	prisiminti
flashing	mirksi
flashlight	žibintuvėlis
flashy	prašmatnus
flask	kolba
flat	butas
flatbed	bortinis
flatfoot	plokščia pėda
flatness	lygumas
flatten	suplakti
flatter	minkštesnė
flattered	gulėti
flattering	glostantis
flattery	Laisvė
flatulence	meteorizmas
flaunt	pasigrožėti
flavor	skonis
flaw	trūkumas
flawed	klaidingas
flawless	nepriekaištinga
flea	blusas
fleabag	fleabagas
fled	pabėgo
flee	bėgti
fleece	vilna
fleet	laivynas
fleeting	trumpalaikis
flesh	kūnas
fleshy	mėsingas
flex	flex
flexibility	lankstumas
flexible	lankstus
flexin	flexin
flexion	lenkimas
flick	mėtyti
flicker	mirgėjimas
flickering	mirgėjimas
flier	lėktuvas
flight	skrydis
flighty	įtemptas
flimsy	nerimtas
flinch	šnibždėti
fling	mesti
flint	grietinėlė
flip	apversti
flip flop	šlepetė
flipper	plytelė
flipping	prakeiktas
flirt	flirtuoti
flirtation	flirtavimas
flirting	flirtavimas
flirty	kvailas
float	plūdė
floater	floateras
flock	pulkus
flog	flogas
flood	potvynis
floor	grindys
flooring	grindų danga
floozy	floozy
flop	flop
floppy	diskelis
flora	flora
floral	gėlių
florist	floristas
floss	siūlas
flotation	flotacija
flounder	plekšnė
flour	miltai
flourish	klestėti
flow	srautas
flower	gėlė
flowering	žydėjimas
flowers	gėlės
flowery	gėlėtas
flows	srautai
flu	gripas
fluctuate	svyruoti
fluctuating	svyruojantis
fluctuation	svyravimai
flue	dūmtakis
fluency	sklandumas
fluent	sklandžiai
fluff	pūkas
fluffy	purus
fluid	skystis
fluidity	sklandumas
fluke	fluke
flunk	flunkas
flunky	garbingas
fluorescence	fluorescencija
fluorescent	fluorescencinis
flurries	flurries
flurry	siaubingas
flush	praplaukite
flustered	sugriebtas
flute	fleita
fluted	suplyšta
flutter	plazdėjimas
fluvial	fluvialas
flux	srautas
fly	skristi
flyboy	flyboy
flyer	skrajutė
flying	skraidantis
flywheel	smagratis
foal	kvailys
foam	putos
foaming	putojantis
foamy	putojantis
fob	FOB
focal	židinio nuotolis
focus	sutelkti dėmesį
fodder	pašaras
foe	priešas
fog	rūkas
foggy	rūkas
foil	folija
foiled	sugadintas
fold	kartus
folded	sulankstytas
folder	aplanke
foliage	lapija
folio	folio
folk	liaudies
folklore	folkloras
follicle	folikulai
follicular	folikulus
follow	sekite
follower	pasekėjas
folly	kvailystė
fond	fondas
fondle	garbinti
fondling	malonus
fondness	malonumas
fondue	fondue
font	šriftas
food	maistas
foodie	maistas
fool	kvailys
fooled	apgauti
foolhardy	kvailas
fooling	apgauti
foolish	kvaila
foolishness	kvailystė
foolproof	neprilygstamas
foot	pėdos
foot stool	pėdos išmatos
footage	filmuota medžiaga
football	futbolas
footbridge	pėsčiųjų tiltas
foothold	įsitvirtinti
footing	pagrindas
footlocker	footlocker
footloose	footloose
footpath	pėsčiųjų takas
footprint	pėdsakas
footwear	avalynė
footwork	pėdos
fop	FOP
forage	pašaras
foray	atvykti
forbearance	pasipriešinimas
forbid	uždrausti
forbidding	draudžiama
force	jėga
forced	priverstas
forceful	stiprus
forceps	žnyplės
forces	jėgos
forcibly	prievarta
ford	ford
fore	fore
forearm	dilbis
foreboding	foreboding
forecast	prognozė
forecaster	prognozatorius
foreclose	uždaryti
foreclosure	uždarymas
forefathers	protėviai
forefinger	rodyklė
forefront	pirmakursis
forego	atleiskite
foregoing	pirmiau nurodyta
foregone	atsisakyta
foreground	priekinio plano
forehead	kaktos
foreign	užsienio
foreigner	užsienietis
foreman	Meistras
foremost	pirmiausia
forensic	teismo ekspertizė
forensics	teismo ekspertizė
foreplay	foreplay
forerunner	pirmtakas
foresee	numatyti
foreseen	numatytas
foresight	numatymas
forest	miškas
forestall	užkirsti kelią
forethought	forethought
foreveralone	amžinai vienas
forevermore	amžinai
forewarned	įsitikinęs
foreword	pratarmė
forfeit	prarasti
forfeited	prarastas
forfeiture	konfiskavimas
forge	kalti
forger	forger
forgery	klastojimas
forget	pamiršk
forgetful	pamiršo
forgetfulness	pamirštumas
forgive	atleisk
forgiven	atleista
forgiveness	atleidimas
forgiving	atleiskis
forgotten	pamiršta
fork	šakutė
forked	šakotas
forking	Forking
forklift	šakinis krautuvas
forlorn	forlorn
form	forma
formal	formalus
formaldehyde	formaldehidas
formalism	formalizmas
formality	formalumas
format	formatas
formation	formavimas
formative	formuojantis
formed	suformuotas
formidable	didžiulis
forming	formavimas
formless	beformus
formula	formulė
formulary	formuluotė
formulate	formuluoti
fornicate	išpažinti
fornication	brolija
forsake	palikti
forsaken	paliktas
forsooth	forothoth
fort	fortas
forte	NO TRANSLATION
forthcoming	ateityje
forthright	tiesiai
forthwith	nedelsiant
fortification	tvirtovė
fortify	sustiprinti
fortitude	tvirtumas
fortnight	dvi savaites
fortnightly	kas dvi savaites
fortress	tvirtovė
fortuitous	atsitiktinis
fortunate	laimingas
fortune	likimas
fortunes	likimas
forty	keturiasdešimt
forum	forumas
forward	Persiųsti
forwarding	ekspedijavimas
fossil	iškastinis
fossils	fosilijos
foul	negerai
found	rasta
foundation	fondas
founder	steigėjas
founding	steigimas
foundry	liejimas
fountain	fontanas
four	keturi
fourfold	keturis kartus
foursome	ketvertas
fourteen	keturiolika
fourth	ketvirtas
fowl	paukštis
fox	lapė
foxhole	foxhole
foxtrot	fokstrotas
foxy	Foxy
foyer	fojė
fraction	frakcija
fractional	trupmeninis
fracture	lūžis
fragile	trapi
fragility	trapumas
fragment	fragmentas
fragmentary	fragmentiškas
fragrance	kvepalai
fragrant	kvapnus
frail	silpnas
frailty	silpnumas
frame	rėmas
framework	sistema
franc	frankas
franchise	franšizė
frank	atviras
frankenstorm	NO TRANSLATION
frankness	atvirumas
frantic	beviltiška
frantically	smarkiai
frat	frat
fraternal	broliškas
fraternity	brolija
fraud	sukčiavimas
fraudulent	apgavikiškas
fraught	kupinas
fray	pasipriešinimas
frayed	sugadintas
frazzled	iškrauta
freak	keistis
freaked	piktas
freakedout	NO TRANSLATION
freakingout	NO TRANSLATION
freakish	keista
freakout	freakout
freaky	freaky
freckle	frezas
free	Laisvas
freebie	nemokama
freedom	laisvė
freehold	nemokama nuosavybė
freelance	laisvai samdomas vertėjas
freelancer	laisvai samdomas vertėjas
freely	laisvai
freeman	Freeman
freestyle	Freestyle
freeway	greitkelis
freeze	užšaldyti
freezer	šaldiklis
freezing	užšaldymas
freight	krovinys
freighter	krovininis laivas
french horn	prancūziškas ragas
frenetic	bjaurus
frenzied	siaubingas
frenzy	beprotybė
frequency	dažnis
frequent	dažnai
frequently	dažnai
fresco	freskoje
fresh	šviežias
freshair	NO TRANSLATION
freshen	atgaivinti
freshener	gaiviklis
freshman	pirmakursis
freshness	šviežumas
freshstart	nauja pradžia
freshwater	gėlo vandens
fret	nerimas
fretful	kvailas
friar	šventė
fricking	fricking
friction	trintis
friday	penktadienis
fridge	šaldytuvas
fried	keptas
friend	draugas
friendless	draugiškas
friendliness	patogumas
friendly	draugiškas
friends	draugai
friendship	Draugystė
frigate	fregata
friggen	NO TRANSLATION
fright	baimė
frighten	bijoti
frightened	išgąsdinti
frightening	bauginanti
frightful	baisus
frigid	drąsus
fringe	pakraštyje
fringed	fringed
frisbee	frisbija
frisk	NO TRANSLATION
frisky	bjaurus
frivolous	lengvas
frock	apsirengti
frog	varlė
froggy	varlelis
frolic	susižavėti
front	priekyje
frontage	fasadas
frontal	priekinis
frontier	pasienis
fronting	frontingas
frontispiece	frontispiece
frost	šaltis
frostbite	apsaldymas
frosted	matinis
frosting	glaistymas
frosty	rausvas
froth	putos
frothy	putojantis
frown	druska
frowning	nemalonus
frozen	sušaldyta
frugal	taupus
fruit	vaisių
fruit punch	vaisių punšas
fruitcake	vaisių keksas
fruitful	vaisingas
fruition	vaisius
fruitless	bevaisis
fruits	vaisiai
fruity	vaisių
frustrate	iškraipyti
frustrated	nusivylęs
frustrates	nusivylęs
frustrating	nelinksma
frustration	nusivylimas
fry	kepkite
fryer	keptuvė
fuchsia	fuksija
fuck	fuck
fuckedoff	fuckedoff
fucker	velniop
fucking	sušikti
fuckoff	fuckoff
fucksake	nulupti
fucktard	fucktard
fuckyeah	fuckyeah
fudge	apgaulė
fuel	kuro
fugitive	bėgikas
fulcrum	atspirties taškas
fulfill	įvykdyti
fulfilled	įvykdė
fulfilling	įvykdymas
fulfillment	įvykdymas
full	pilnas
fullback	visu greičiu atgal
fullness	pilnatvė
fully	visiškai
fulsome	pilnas
fumble	garbinti
fume	dūmai
fumigation	fumigacija
fumin	NO TRANSLATION
fuming	dumbliai
fun	linksma
function	funkcija
functional	funkcinis
fund	fondas
fundamental	pagrindinis
fundamentalist	fundamentalistai
fundamentally	iš esmės
funday	linksma diena
funding	finansavimas
fundraiser	fundraiser
fundraising	lėšų surinkimas
funds	fondai
funeral	laidotuves
fungus	grybelis
funk	funk
funky	funky
funnel	piltuvas
funny	juokinga
fur	kailis
furious	įsiutę
furiously	niūrus
furlong	furlong
furlough	atostogos
furnace	krosnis
furnish	pateikti
furnishings	baldai
furniture	baldai
furor	furoras
furrow	kiauras
furry	pūkuotas
furtherance	skatinimas
fury	įniršis
fuse	lydusis saugiklis
fuselage	fiuzeliažas
fusion	sintezė
fuss	šurmulys
fussy	baisus
fustrated	NO TRANSLATION
futile	beprasmiška
futility	beviltiškumas
futon	futonas
future	ateitis
fuzz	pūkuotas
fuzzy	fuzzy
gab	NO TRANSLATION
gaby	gaby
gad	gad
gadget	įtaisas
gaff	gaff
gag	gag
gaga	gaga
gage	gage
gaggle	gaudyti
gahhh	NO TRANSLATION
gaiety	linksmas
gain	pelnas
gainful	pelningas
gaining	įgyti
gait	eisena
gal	gal
gala	gala
galactic	galaktika
galaxy	galaktika
gale	gale
gall	tulžis
gallant	galanti
gallantry	talentingumas
gallbladder	tulžies pūslė
galled	galled
gallery	galerija
galley	virtuvė
gallon	galonas
gallop	šokti
galloping	šokinėja
gallows	šiaudai
galore	daug
galvanic	galvaninis
gamble	lošti
gambler	lošėjas
gambling	azartiniai lošimai
game	žaidimas
gameday	Žaidimas
gametime	žaidimo laikas
gaming	žaidimų
gamma	gama
gammon	gintaras
gamut	gamta
gander	žvilgsnis
gang	gauja
gangland	ganglandija
gangrene	gangrena
gangster	gangsteris
gangway	ežeras
gaol	gaol
gap	atotrūkis
gape	Gape
gaping	atsipalaidavęs
garage	garažas
garb	apdaila
garbage	šiukšlių
garbled	iškraipytas
garden	sodas
gardener	sodininkas
gardening	sodininkystė
gardens	sodai
gargle	skalauti
gargoyle	gargoyle
garish	garish
garlic	česnakai
garment	drabužis
garner	garner
garnet	granatas
garnish	garnyras
garrison	garnisonas
garter	apykaklė
gas	dujos
gaseous	dujinis
gash	gashas
gasification	dujinimas
gasket	tarpinė
gasoline	benzinas
gasp	drebulys
gasping	džiūstantys
gassy	gausus
gastric	skrandis
gastronomy	gastronomija
gate	vartai
gatekeeper	gatekeeper
gateway	vartai
gather	rinkti
gatherer	rinkėjas
gathering	rinkimas
gator	aligatorius
gatorade	gatorade
gauche	NO TRANSLATION
gaudy	bjaurus
gauge	matuoklis
gauging	matavimas
gaunt	gaudyti
gauntlet	pirštinė
gauze	marlės
gavel	jaunikis
gawk	gawk
gay	gėjų
gaze	žvilgsnis
gazebo	pavėsinė
gazelle	gazelė
gazette	leidinys
gazetteer	gazetteer
gazillion	gazillionas
gazing	žiūrėdamas
gear	įrankis
geek	Moksiukas
geeky	geeky
geez	geez
geezer	geezer
geisha	geiša
gel	gelis
gelatin	želatina
geld	NO TRANSLATION
gelding	melding
gem	perlas
gemini	Dvyniai
gender	Lytis
genealogy	genealogija
general	apskritai
generality	bendrumas
generalization	apibendrinimas
generally	apskritai
generate	generuoti
generation	karta
generative	generatyvus
generator	generatorius
generic	bendrinis
generosity	dosnumas
generous	turtinga
genesis	genezė
genetic	genetinis
genetics	genetika
genial	gilus
genie	genius
genital	lytiniai organai
genitalia	genitalijos
genius	genijus
genocide	genocidas
genome	genomas
genre	žanras
gent	Gent
genteel	genteel
gentile	pagonys
gentle	švelnus
gentleman	džentelmenis
gentlemanly	džentelmeniškai
gentleness	švelnumas
gently	švelniai
gentry	bajorai
genuine	tikra
genus	gentis
geographic	geografinis
geographical	geografinis
geography	geografija
geological	geologinis
geologist	geologas
geology	geologija
geometric	geometrinis
geometry	geometrija
geranium	geranium
gerbil	gerbilis
geriatric	geriatric
germ	gemalas
german	vokiečių kalba
germane	germane
germinate	dygsta
germination	daigumas
germs	bakterijos
gestation	nėštumas
gesture	gestas
get	gauti
getaway	pabėgimas
getoverit	NO TRANSLATION
getoveryourself	NO TRANSLATION
getup	Kelkis
getyourown	Getyourown
ghastly	šlykštus
ghetto	getas
ghost	vaiduoklis
ghostly	vaiduoklis
ghoul	vampyras
giant	milžinas
gibberish	gibberis
giddy	giddy
gift	dovana
gifted	talentingas
gifts	dovanos
gig	koncertas
gigantic	milžiniškas
giggle	giggle
giggles	giggles
giggling	giggling
gigolo	Gigolo
gilded	paauksuotas
gill	žiauną
gills	žiaunos
gilt	gilt
gimmick	treniruotė
gimp	gimp
gin	džinas
ginger	imbieras
gingerbread	meduoliai
gingerly	girdi
ginseng	ženšenis
giraffe	žirafa
girder	sija
girdle	juostos
girl	mergaitė
girlfriend	mergina
girlie	mergaitė
girlish	berniukas
girly	girly
girth	apipjaustymas
gist	esme
give	duoti
giveaway	atiduoti
giver	NO TRANSLATION
giving	duoti
gizmo	Gizmo
gizzard	gizzard
glabrous	gilus
glacial	ledinis
glacier	ledynas
glad	malonu
glade	laistymas
gladiator	gladiatorius
gladness	džiaugsmas
glamorous	spalvingi
glamour	glamour
glance	žvilgsnis
gland	liauka
glare	atspindys
glaring	akivaizdu
glass	stiklas
glasses	akiniai
glassware	stiklo dirbiniai
glaucoma	glaukoma
glaze	glazūra
glazed	glazūruotas
gleam	žvilgsnis
gleaming	gleaming
glean	rinkti
glee	linksma
gleeful	mielas
glen	Glen
glib	glib
glide	slide
glider	sklandytuvas
glimmer	žvilgsnis
glimpse	žvilgsnis
glint	blizgesys
glisten	glisten
glitch	gedimas
glitter	blizgučiai
glittering	blizgantis
gloat	apgailestauju
global	pasaulinis
globe	gaublys
globular	žiedas
gloom	drumstis
gloomy	niūri
glorification	šlovinimas
glorified	šlovinamas
glorify	šlovink
glorious	šlovingas
glory	šlovė
gloss	blizgesys
glossary	žodynėlis
glossy	blizgus
glove	pirštinės
gloves	pirštinės
glow	švyti
glowing	žėrintis
glucose	gliukozė
glue	klijai
glum	glum
glut	perpylimas
gluten	glitimo
glutton	apipjaustymas
gluttony	blyškumas
glycerin	glicerinas
gnat	gnat
gnome	gnome
go	eik
goal	tikslas
goalie	goalie
goals	tikslai
goat	ožka
goatee	berniukas
gob	gob
gobble	gobble
goblet	taurė
goblin	Goblinas
god	dievas
godbless	NO TRANSLATION
goddamn	goddamn
goddamned	goddamned
goddess	deivė
godfather	krikštatėvis
godforsaken	godforsaken
godisgood	Dievas yra geras
godisgreat	NO TRANSLATION
godless	bedievis
godlike	dieviškas
godly	dievobaimingas
godmother	krikštatėvis
godsend	pasiaukojimas
godson	godson
gofuckyourself	eikit sau
goggle	apsaugoti akis
goggles	akiniai
gold	auksas
golden	auksinis
goldfish	auksinė žuvelė
golf	golfas
golfer	golfo žaidėjas
golfing	golfas
gondola	gondola
gone	dingo
goner	goner
gong	NO TRANSLATION
gonorrhea	gonorėja
goo	goo
goober	goober
good	Gerai
goodbye	atsiprasau
goodday	gera diena
goodfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
goodhealth	NO TRANSLATION
goodie	Goodie
goodies	gėrybės
goodlife	geras gyvenimas
goodly	gerai
goodmood	NO TRANSLATION
goodmorning	Labas rytas
goodmusic	gera muzika
goodness	gerumas
goodnews	geros naujienos
goods	prekės
goodtimes	geri laikai
goodvibes	NO TRANSLATION
goodwill	prestižas
goody	gera
gooey	gudri
goof	goof
goofball	goofball
goofy	bjaurus
goon	tęsk
gooood	gooood
goop	Gopas
goose	žąsis
gopher	gopheris
gore	įsiuvas
gorge	Gorge
gorgeous	spalvingas
gorilla	gorila
gory	gory
gospel	Evangelija
gossip	paskalos
gothic	gotika
gouge	gouge
goulash	guliazmas
gourd	moliūgas
gourmet	gurmanams
gout	podagra
govern	valdyti
governess	гувернантка
governing	valdymas
government	vyriausybė
governmental	vyriausybinė
governor	gubernatorius
gown	suknelė
grab	patraukti
grace	malonė
graceful	grakštus
gracias	NO TRANSLATION
gracious	maloningas
graciously	maloniai
grad	NO TRANSLATION
gradation	gradacija
grade	klasė
graded	rūšiuojami
grader	greideris
grades	klases
gradient	gradientas
gradschool	NO TRANSLATION
gradual	palaipsniui
gradually	palaipsniui
graduate	absolventas
graduation	baigimas
graffiti	graffiti
graft	transplantantas
grail	grailis
grain	grūdai
gram	gramas
grammar	gramatika
grand	didis
grand theft auto	Grand Theft Auto
grandchild	anūkas
grandchildren	anūkai
granddad	senelis
granddaddy	seneliai
granddaughter	anūkė
grandeur	didybė
grandfather	senelis
grandiose	didinga
grandma	senelė
grandmother	močiutė
grandpa	senelis
grandson	anūkas
grandstand	senelis
grange	paruoškite
granite	granitas
granny	močiutė
granola	Granola
grant	dotacija
granted	suteiktas
grantee	dotacijos gavėjas
grantor	davėjas
granular	granuliuotas
granule	granulė
grape	Vynuogė
grape juice	vynuogių sultys
grapefruit	greipfrutas
grapes	vynuogės
grapevine	vynuogių misa
graph	grafikas
graphic	grafika
graphics	grafika
graphite	grafitas
grapple	griebtuvas
grappling	susižavėjimas
grasp	suvokti
grasping	gaudyti
grass	žolė
grasshopper	žiogas
grassy	žolės
grate	grotelės
grated	tarkuotas
grateful	dėkingas
gratification	malonumas
gratified	patenkintas
gratify	patenkinti
gratifying	malonus
grating	groteles
gratis	NO TRANSLATION
gratitude	dėkingumas
gratuitous	nemokamas
gratuity	apdovanojimas
grave	kapas
gravel	žvyras
graver	NO TRANSLATION
graveyard	kapinės
gravitate	gravituoti
gravitation	gravitacija
gravitational	gravitacinis
gravity	gravitacija
gravy	padažas
gray	pilka
graze	ganyti
grease	tepalas
greased	riebaluotas
greaser	tepalas
greasy	riebios
great	puiku
great anticipation	didelis laukimas
great aunt	Šauni teta
great disgust	didelis niūrus
great grandfather	geras senelis
great grandma	puiki močiutė
great grandmother	puiki močiutė
great grandpa	geras senelis
great surprise	didelis siurprizas
great trust	didelis pasitikėjimas
great uncle	puikus dėdė
greatday	NO TRANSLATION
greater	didesnis
greatest	didžiausias
greatfriends	NO TRANSLATION
greatful	NO TRANSLATION
greatly	labai
greatly negative	labai neigiamas
greatly positive	labai teigiamai
greatness	didybė
greatnight	NO TRANSLATION
greed	godumas
greedy	godus
green	žalias
green bean	žalios pupelės
green pepper	žalia paprika
green snake	žalia gyvatė
greenhouse	šiltnamyje
greenish	žalsvi
greenwood	žaliava
greet	pasveikinti
greeted	pasveikino
greeting	pasveikinimas
gregarious	genialus
grenade	granatas
grey	pilka
greyhound	kurtas
grid	tinklelis
gridiron	tinklelis
grief	sielvartas
grievance	skundas
grieve	sielvartas
grieved	sielvartau
grieving	sielvartas
grievous	sunkus
griffin	grifinas
grill	grilis
grille	grotelės
grilled	kepti ant grotelių
grim	siauras
grime	grime
grimy	nuobodus
grin	šypsnys
grind	šlifuoti
grinder	malūnėlis
grinding	šlifavimas
grindstone	šlifuoklis
gringo	gringo
grip	rankena
gripe	gurkšnis
grisly	siaubingai
grist	sūdyti
grit	smėlis
grits	kruopos
gritty	smėlinis
grizzly	grizzly
groan	groan
grocer	groceris
groceries	bakalėja
grocery	bakalėja
groggy	garbanotas
groin	kirminas
groom	jaunikis
groove	griovelis
groovy	groovy
grope	išplėšti
gross	bruto
grotesque	groteskas
grotto	grote
grouch	grouch
grouchy	grouchy
ground	žemė
grounded	pagrįstas
groundhog	siaubas
grounding	įžeminimas
groundless	nepagrįstas
grounds	pagrindai
groundwork	pagrindas
group	grupė
groupie	grupei
grouping	grupavimas
grouse	grouse
grout	skiedinys
grove	giraitė
grovel	grovel
grow	augti
growl	Groti
growling	Groti
growls	giria
grownup	Suaugęs
growth	augimas
growthefuckup	growthefuckup
grr	grr
grrr	Grrr
grrrrr	Grrrrr
grub	grubas
grubby	grubby
grudge	apgailestauti
grudging	apgailestauja
grudgingly	negailestingai
gruel	gruel
grueling	Grueling
gruesome	baisus
gruff	gruobas
grumble	šoktelėti
grump	griūtis
grumpy	bjaurus
grunt	Grunt
grunting	gruntavimas
guacamole	Guacamole
guano	Guano
guarantee	garantija
guaranty	garantija
guard	apsauga
guarded	saugoma
guardhouse	saugykla
guardian	globėjas
guardianship	globa
guards	apsaugai
gubernatorial	gubernatoriaus
guerilla	NO TRANSLATION
guerrilla	partizanai
guess	atspėti
guesser	guesser
guesswork	spėjimas
guest	svečias
guesthouse	svečių namai
guidance	patarimai
guide	gidas
guidebook	vadovas
guidelines	Gairės
guiding	vadovaujantis
guild	gildija
guile	gailestis
guillotine	giljotina
guilt	kaltumas
guilty	kaltas
guinea	Gvinėja
guise	išvaizda
guitar	gitara
guitarist	gitaristas
gules	gules
gulf	Persijos įlanka
gull	kepuraitė
gullet	stemplė
gullible	patikimos
gully	gully
gulp	gulėti
gum	guma
gumbo	gumbo
gummy	guma
gumption	guma
gun	ginklas
gunboat	gunboat
gunfight	ginkluote
gunfighter	gunfighter
gunfire	ginkluote
gunk	Gunk
gunman	kovotojas
gunmen	ginkluotės
gunner	ginkluotojas
gunnery	ginkluotė
gunplay	gunplay
gunpoint	ginkluote
gunpowder	parakas
gunshot	šaulys
gunslinger	ginklininkas
gurney	Gurney
guru	guru
gush	gush
gusher	gusher
gusset	tvarstis
gust	pyktis
gusto	NO TRANSLATION
gusty	garsus
gut	žarnynas
gutless	gėlynas
guts	žarnas
gutsy	Gutsy
gutter	latakai
guy	vaikinas
guzzler	guzzler
guzzling	garsas
gym	sporto salė
gymnasium	gimnazija
gymnast	gimnazija
gymnastic	gimnastika
gymnastics	gimnastika
gynecologist	ginekologas
gynecology	ginekologija
gypsy	čigonai
gyroscope	giroskopas
habit	įprotis
habitat	buveinė
habitation	būstas
habitual	įprastas
habitually	įprastai
hacienda	hacienda
hack	nulaužti
hacker	įsilaužėlis
hacksaw	žirklės
hadenough	NO TRANSLATION
hag	kaklelis
haggard	pasipūtęs
haggle	kovoti
haiku	haiku
hail	kruša
hair	plaukai
hairball	futbolas
hairbrush	plaukų šepetys
haircut	kirpimas
hairdo	šukuosena
hairdresser	kirpykla
hairdryer	Plaukų džiovintuvas
hairless	beplaukis
hairline	plaukų linija
hairpin	spintelė
hairspray	plaukų lakas
hairstyle	šukuosena
hairy	plaukuotas
hale	Hale
half	pusė
half dollar	pusė dolerio
halfback	pusbrolis
halftime	pusantros dienos
halfway	pusiaukelėje
halibut	paltusas
hall	salė
hallelujah	hallelujah
hallmark	ženklas
hallowed	pašventintas
hallucination	haliucinacijos
hallway	prieškambaris
halo	halo
halt	sustoti
halter	apleista
halting	sustabdymas
halve	perpus
halving	perpus
ham	kumpis
hamburger	mėsainis
hamlet	kaimelis
hammer	plaktukas
hammerhead	Hammerhead
hammering	kalimas
hammock	hamakas
hamper	trukdyti
hamster	žiurkėnas
hamstring	hamstringas
hand	ranka
handbag	rankinė
handball	rankinis
handbook	vadovas
handcuff	apyrankė
handful	sauja
handgun	rankinis
handheld	delninis
handicap	negalia
handicapped	neįgaliesiems
handicraft	amatai
handiwork	rankdarbiai
handkerchief	nosinė
handle	rankena
handler	tvarkytojas
handmade	rankų darbo
handout	išdalijimas
handprint	rankinis atspaudas
handshake	rankos judesys
handsome	gražus
handwriting	rankraštis
handy	patogus
handyman	pagalbininkas
hang	pakabinti
hangar	angaras
hanger	pakabukas
hanging	kabantis
hangman	pakabinkis
hangout	hangout
hangover	pagirios
hangry	Hangri
hank	Hank
hankering	siaubti
hanky	Hanky
hap	NO TRANSLATION
haphazard	atsitiktinai
hapless	nelaimingas
happen	atsitikti
happening	vyksta
happier	laimingesnis
happiest	laimingiausias
happily	laimingai
happiness	laimė
happy	laimingas
happydance	laimingumas
happyday	laiminga diena
happyheart	laiminga siela
happyholidays	NO TRANSLATION
happynewyear	NO TRANSLATION
happyplace	NO TRANSLATION
happytweet	NO TRANSLATION
happyvalentinesday	NO TRANSLATION
harass	priekabiauti
harassing	priekabiavimas
harassment	priekabiavimas
harbinger	prancūzas
harbor	uostas
hard	sunku
hardball	hardball
hardcore	hardcore
harden	kietinti
hardened	grūdintas
hardening	grūdinimas
hardheaded	hardheaded
hardness	kietumas
hardship	sunkumas
hardware	techninė įranga
hardwood	kietmedis
hardworking	sunkiai dirbantis
hardy	atsparus
hare	kiškis
harebrained	bjaurus
harem	haremas
hark	šokti
harlot	brolija
harm	žala
harmful	kenksmingas
harmless	nekenksmingas
harmonica	harmonika
harmonics	harmonikos
harmonious	harmoningas
harmoniously	harmoningai
harmonize	suderinti
harmony	harmonija
harness	pakinktai
harp	arfa
harper	Harperas
harpoon	harpūnas
harpsichord	klavesinas
harrowing	siaubti
harry	Harry
harsh	grubus
harshness	kietumas
hart	hart
harvest	derlius
hash	hash
hashish	Hasisas
hassle	vargo
haste	skubėti
hasten	paspartinti
hastily	paskubomis
hasty	skubotas
hat	skrybėlę
hatch	liukas
hatchet	kirvis
hate	nekenčiu
hateeee	NO TRANSLATION
hateeveryone	NO TRANSLATION
hateful	žiaurus
hater	hater
hateyou	NO TRANSLATION
hating	nekenčiu
hatred	neapykanta
haughty	sąmojingas
haul	traukti
haulage	vežimas
haunt	vaidentis
haunted	apsėstas
have	turiu
haven	haven
havoc	žlugimas
haw	Haw
hawk	vanas
hawking	Hawking
hay	NO TRANSLATION
haye	Haye
hayride	Hayride
haystack	haystack
haywire	Haywire
hazard	pavojus
hazardous	pavojingas
haze	migla
hazmat	hazmat
hazy	migla
head	galva
headache	galvos skausmas
headaches	galvos skausmas
headband	galvos juosta
headdress	galvos apdangalai
header	antraštė
headgear	galvos apdangalai
heading	Antraštė
headland	nugarinė dalis
headless	be galvos
headlight	priekiniai žibintai
headline	antraštė
headliner	Headliner
headlock	galvos atrama
headlong	galvos skausmas
headmaster	direktorius
headphones	ausinės
headquarter	buveinė
headquarters	būstinė
headset	ausines
headstone	kapinės
headstrong	galvos smegenis
headway	pažanga
heady	bjaurus
heal	Išgyti
healer	gydytojas
healing	gijimas
health	sveikata
healthcare	sveikatos apsauga
healthful	sveikas
healthy	sveikas
heap	krūva
hear	girdėti
hearer	klausytojas
hearing	klausymasis
hearsay	garsiai
hearse	Kasetė
heart	širdis
heart disease	širdies liga
heartache	sielvartas
heartattack	NO TRANSLATION
heartbeat	širdies plakimas
heartbreak	sielvartas
heartbreaker	širdžių ėdikas
heartbreaking	sielvartas
heartbroken	širdies plakimas
heartburn	rėmuo
hearted	nuoširdus
heartfelt	nuoširdus
hearth	židinys
heartily	nuoširdžiai
heartland	širdis
heartless	beprasmiškas
hearts	širdis
heartsick	širdelė
heartworm	širdies kirmėlės
hearty	širdingas
heat	šiluma
heated	įkaitintas
heater	šildytuvas
heath	sveikata
heathen	pagonys
heather	virėjas
heating	šildymas
heave	pakelti
heaven	dangus
heavenly	dangus
heavens	dangus
heavily	stipriai
heaviness	sunkumas
heaving	audringai
heavy	sunkus
heavy metal	Sunkusis metalas
heavyweight	sunkus svoris
heck	heck
hectares	hektarai
hectic	džiovos
hedge	apsidrausti
hedgehog	ežiukas
hedonism	hedonizmas
hee	hee
heed	dėmesys
heel	kulnas
heels	kulniukai
heft	pakilimas
hefty	Padorus
hegemonic	hegemoninis
heheh	NO TRANSLATION
heifer	telyčia
height	aukštis
heighten	pakelti
heightened	padidėjęs
heinous	griovus
heir	įpėdinis
heiress	paveldėtoja
heirloom	paveldimumas
heirs	įpėdiniai
heist	apiplėšimas
helical	spiralinis
helicopter	sraigtasparnis
helipad	Helipadas
heliport	sraigtasparnis
helium	helio
helix	spiralė
hell	pragaras
hellfire	pragarą
hellhole	pragaras
hellish	pragaras
helm	vairas
helmet	šalmas
helmsman	vairininkas
help	pagalba
helper	pagalbininkas
helpful	naudinga
helpless	bejėgis
helplessness	bejėgiškumas
hem	NO TRANSLATION
hematite	hematitas
hematoma	hematoma
hemi	hemi
hemisphere	pusrutulis
hemispheric	pusrutulyje
hemlock	hemlock
hemoglobin	hemoglobinas
hemorrhage	kraujavimas
hemorrhoids	hemorojus
hemostat	hemostatas
hemp	kanapės
hen	NO TRANSLATION
henceforth	nuo šiol
henhouse	vištidė
hepatitis	hepatitas
herald	heraldas
heraldry	heraldika
herb	žolė
herbaceous	žolelių
herbal	žolelių
herbarium	herbariumas
herbs	žolelės
herd	bandas
hereditary	paveldima
heredity	paveldimumas
heresy	erezija
heretic	eretikas
heretical	erezijos
heretofore	anksčiau
hereunto	čia
herewith	su šiuo
heritage	paveldas
hermaphrodite	hermaphroditas
hermeneutics	hermeneutika
hermit	atsiskyrėlis
hernia	išvarža
hero	herojus
heroic	herojiškas
heroics	didvyriškumas
heroin	heroinas
heroine	herojė
heroism	herojiškumas
herpes	herpesas
herpesvirus	herpes virusas
herring	silkė
hertz	hertas
hesitant	nesvarbu
hesitate	dvejoti
hesitating	nesvarbu
hesitation	dvejonės
hetero	hetero
heterogeneity	nevienalytiškumas
heterosexual	heteroseksualus
hew	kukis
hex	hex
hexagon	šešiakampis
heyday	atsipalaidavimas
hiatus	pertrauka
hibernate	žiemoti
hibernation	žiemos miegas
hiccup	žagsėjimas
hick	Hickas
hickey	Hickey
hickory	Hikoras
hidden	paslėpta
hide	paslėpti
hideaway	pasislėpti
hideous	kvailas
hideout	pasislėpti
hiding	slepiasi
hierarchical	hierarchinis
hierarchy	hierarchija
hieroglyphics	hieroglifai
high	aukštas
high heels	aukštakulniai
highball	highball
higher	didesnis
highest	aukščiausias
highland	Highland
highlands	Highlands
highlight	pabrėžti
highness	aukštumas
hight	aukštis
hightail	hightail
highway	greitkelis
hijack	pagrobti
hijacker	hijacker
hike	žygis
hiker	keliautojas
hiking	žygiai
hiking boot	vaikščiojimas bagažine
hilarious	linksmas
hilarity	linksmas
hill	kalnas
hillside	Hillside
hilltop	kalnų viršuje
hilly	kalvotas
hilt	rankena
hind	kaina
hinder	trukdyti
hindering	trukdo
hindrance	trukdymas
hindsight	žvilgsnis į priekį
hinge	vyris
hint	užuomina
hinterland	nutolusi šalis
hip	klubas
hip hop	hip hopas
hippie	hipis
hippo	hippo
hippopotamus	balandis
hire	samdyti
hirsute	hirsute
hiss	šypsotis
hissing	šnibždantis
histology	histologija
historian	istorikas
historic	istorinis
historical	istorinis
historiography	istoriografija
history	istorija
hit	nukentėti
hitch	kablys
hitchhike	autostopas
hitchhiker	autostopas
hitherto	iki šiol
hitter	Hitter
hive	avilys
hives	aviliai
hoard	saugykla
hoarse	siauras
hoary	siauras
hoax	apgaulė
hob	viryklė
hobbit	hobis
hobby	hobis
hobo	HBO
hock	pakelti
hockey	ledo ritulys
hoe	NO TRANSLATION
hog	šernas
hogwash	Hogwash
hohoho	NO TRANSLATION
hoist	keltuvas
hokey	hokey
hold	laikykite
holder	turėtojas
holding	laikymasis
holdup	palauk
hole	skylė
holiday	šventė
holidays	atostogos
holidayseason	NO TRANSLATION
holiness	šventumas
holistic	holistinis
holler	holler
hollow	tuščiaviduris
holly	holly
holocaust	holokaustas
hologram	holograma
holographic	holografinis
holster	dėklas
holy	šventas
holyspirit	NO TRANSLATION
homage	pagarba
hombre	NO TRANSLATION
hombres	NO TRANSLATION
home	namai
homeboy	homeboy
homecoming	homecoming
homeland	tėvynė
homeless	benamiai
homely	homoseksualus
homemade	naminis
homeopathic	homeopatinis
homeopathy	homeopatija
homeowner	Namo savininkas
homeroom	vienuolynas
homesick	pasimatymas
homestead	sodyba
homesweethome	namai namučiai
hometown	Gimtasis miestas
homeward	namuose
homework	namų darbai
homey	namuose
homicidal	žmogžudys
homicide	žmogžudystė
homily	homilija
homing	atvykimas
hominy	Hominy
homo	homo
homogeneity	vienalytiškumas
homogeneous	vienarūšis
homologous	homologiškas
homologue	homologas
homology	homologija
homophobic	homofobiškas
homosexual	homoseksualas
homosexuality	homoseksualumas
honcho	sąžiningai
hone	pagaminti
honest	nuoširdus
honesty	sąžiningumas
honey	medus
honeycomb	korio
honeymoon	medaus mėnuo
honeysuckle	sausmedis
honk	garsiai
honky	Honky
honor	garbė
honorable	garbingas
honorarium	honoraras
honorary	garbė
honored	pagerbtas
hooch	hooch
hood	gaubtas
hooded	gaubtu
hoodlum	hoodlum
hoof	kirvis
hook	kablys
hooked	užsikabinęs
hooker	Hooker
hookup	pakabinti
hooky	pasijuokti
hooligan	chuliganas
hoop	lankelis
hoopla	Hoopla
hooray	vooray
hoot	Hoot
hooter	Hooter
hop	hopas
hope	tikiuosi
hopeful	viltis
hopeless	beviltiška
hopelessness	beviltiškumas
hopes	tikisi
hoping	tikiuosi
hopper	bunkeris
horde	orda
horizon	horizontas
horizontal	horizontalus
horizontally	horizontaliai
hormonal	hormoninis
hormone	hormonas
horn	ragas
horned	raguotas
hornet	hornet
horny	raguotas
horoscope	horoskopas
horrendous	siaubingas
horrible	siaubingas
horribly	siaubingai
horrid	siaubingas
horrific	siaubingas
horrified	siaubu
horrifying	siaubingas
horror	siaubas
horrors	siaubo
horse	arklys
horseback	arklys
horseman	raitelis
horsepower	arklio galia
horseradish	krienai
horseshit	žirgais
horseshoe	pasagos
horsey	arkliai
horticultural	sodininkystės
horticulture	sodininkystė
hosannah	NO TRANSLATION
hose	žarna
hosiery	trikotažas
hospice	ligoninė
hospitable	svetingas
hospital	ligoninė
hospitality	svetingumas
host	priimančioji
hostage	įkaitas
hostel	nakvynės namai
hostess	šeimininkė
hostile	priešiškas
hostilities	karo veiksmai
hostility	priešiškumas
hot	karštas
hot sauce	aštrus padažas
hotbed	židinys
hotdog	dešrainis
hotel	viešbutis
hothead	karšta galva
hotline	karštoji linija
hotshot	karštas šūvis
hotyoga	NO TRANSLATION
hound	skalikas
hour	valandą
hourglass	smėlio laikrodis
hourly	valandą
house	namas
houseboat	namelis
houseboy	namų šeimininkė
housebroken	housebroken
houseguest	namo gėjų
household	namų ūkis
householder	namų šeimininkė
housekeeper	namų šeimininkė
housekeeping	namų ūkis
housewarming	namuose
housewife	namų šeimininkė
housework	namų ruošos darbai
housing	būstas
hovel	Hovel
hover	užveskite pelę
hovercraft	oro transporto priemonė
howl	gaudyti
howsoever	bet kokia
hoy	NO TRANSLATION
hub	koncentratorius
hubby	asociacija
huckleberry	kiškis
huddle	sustoti
hue	atspalvis
huff	Huff
huffy	huffy
hug	apkabinti
huge	didelis
hugger	hugeris
huggy	Huggis
hugs	susitinka
hulk	Hulk
hull	korpusas
hum	garsas
human	žmogus
humane	humaniškas
humanitarian	humanitariniai
humanities	humanitariniai mokslai
humanity	žmonija
humankind	žmonija
humanoid	humanoidas
humanrights	NO TRANSLATION
humble	kuklus
humbled	nuolankus
humbly	nuolankiai
humbug	Humbug
humdrum	šmaikštus
humid	drėgnas
humidity	drėgmė
humiliate	pažeminti
humiliated	pažemintas
humiliating	žeminantis
humiliation	pažeminimas
humility	nuolankumas
hummer	Hummeras
hummingbird	kolibris
humongous	Humuniškas
humor	humoras
humored	humoruotos
humorist	humoristas
humorous	humoristinis
hump	kupolas
humpback	kuprokas
hunch	kvailys
hunchback	kumpis
hundred	šimtas
hundredth	šimtoji
hunger	badas
hungry	alkanas
hunk	Hunk
hunks	medžioklės
hunky	baisus
hunt	medžioti
hunter	medžiotojas
hunting	medžioklė
huntress	medžiotojas
hurdle	kliūtis
hurl	skubėti
hurrah	hurray
hurricane	uraganas
hurricanes	uraganai
hurried	skubėti
hurry	skubėk
hurryup	NO TRANSLATION
hurt	skauda
hurtful	žalingas
hurting	skauda
husband	vyru
husbandry	gyvulininkystė
hush	skubėti
hushed	nuraminti
husk	NO TRANSLATION
husky	Husky
hussy	Hussy
hustle	šurmulys
hustler	Hustler
hut	namelis
hutch	kotelis
hyacinth	hiacintas
hybrid	hibridas
hydra	Hidra
hydrant	hidrantas
hydrate	hidratas
hydraulic	hidraulinis
hydraulics	hidraulika
hydrocephalus	hidrocefalija
hydrodynamics	hidrodinamika
hydrogen	vandenilis
hydrographic	hidrografinis
hydrology	hidrologija
hydrophobia	hidrofobija
hydroponics	hidroponika
hyena	hyena
hygiene	higiena
hygienic	higieniškas
hygienist	higienistė
hymen	hymen
hymn	himnas
hype	hype
hyped	išpūstas
hyper	hiper
hyperactive	hiperaktyvus
hyperbole	hiperbolė
hyperspace	hipertekstas
hypertension	hipertenzija
hypertrophy	hipertrofija
hyperventilate	hiperventilatas
hyperventilating	hiperventiliacija
hyphen	brūkšnelis
hypnosis	hipnozė
hypnotic	hipnotizuojantis
hypnotist	hipnotizuotojas
hypnotize	hipnotizuoti
hypnotized	hipnotizuotas
hypochondriac	hipochondriakas
hypocrisy	veidmainystė
hypocrite	veidmainas
hypocritical	veidmainiškas
hypodermic	poodinė
hypothalamus	hipotalamas
hypothermia	hipotermija
hypothesis	hipotezė
hypothetical	hipotetinis
hysterectomy	histerektomija
hysteria	isterija
hysterical	isteriškas
ibuprofen	ibuprofenas
ice	ledas
ice tea	šalta arbata
iceberg	ledkalnis
icebox	ledinė
icebreaker	ledlaužas
iced	ledinis
icing	apledėjimas
icky	icky
icon	piktograma
iconic	iconic
iconography	ikonografija
icy	ledinis
id	id
idea	idėja
ideal	idealus
idealism	idealizmas
idealist	idealistas
idealistic	idealistinis
identical	identiškas
identically	identiškai
identification	identifikavimas
identify	identifikuoti
identity	tapatybė
ideology	ideologija
idiocy	idiotiškumas
idiom	idiomas
idiomatic	idiomas
idiot	idiotas
idiotic	idiotiškas
idiots	idiots
idle	tuščiąja eiga
idleness	džiaugsmas
idler	tuštybė
idol	stabas
idolatry	stabmeldystė
idolizing	stabmingas
idyllic	idiliškas
iffy	kvailys
ifonly	jei tik
igloo	igle
igneous	tigras
ignite	užsiliepsnoti
ignition	uždegimas
ignorance	nežinojimas
ignorant	neišmanantis
ignore	ignoruoti
iguana	iguana
ihatespiders	NO TRANSLATION
ilk	NO TRANSLATION
ill	nesveikas
illegal	neteisėtas
illegality	neteisėtumas
illegally	nelegaliai
illegible	neįskaitomas
illegitimate	neteisėtas
illicit	neteisėtas
illiterate	neraštingas
illness	liga
illogical	nelogiška
illuminate	apšviesti
illuminating	apšvietimas
illumination	apšvietimas
illuminator	šviestuvas
illusion	iliuzija
illustrate	iliustruoti
illustration	iliustracija
illustrative	iliustruojantis
illustrious	garsus
ilovechristmas	NO TRANSLATION
iloveher	NO TRANSLATION
image	vaizdas
imagery	vaizdai
imaginable	įsivaizduojama
imaginary	įsivaizduojama
imagination	vaizduotė
imaginative	vaizduotė
imagine	įsivaizduok
imagined	įsivaizduoti
imaging	vaizdavimas
imagining	įsivaizduoti
imam	NO TRANSLATION
imbalance	disbalansas
imbecile	imbecile
imbedded	įterptas
imissyou	NO TRANSLATION
imitate	imituoti
imitated	imituotas
imitation	imitacija
immaculate	nepriekaištingas
immaterial	nematerialus
immature	nesubrendęs
immaturity	nebrandumas
immeasurable	neišmatuojamas
immeasurably	neišmatuojama
immediacy	nedelsiant
immediate	nedelsiant
immediately	nedelsiant
immemorial	senovinis
immense	didžiulis
immerse	pasinerti
immersion	panardinimas
immigrant	imigrantas
immigration	imigracija
imminent	neišvengiamas
immobile	nejudantis
immoral	amoralus
immorality	amoralumas
immortal	nemirtingas
immortality	nemirtingumas
immovable	nekilnojamasis
immune	imuninis
immunity	imunitetas
immunization	imunizacija
immutable	nekintamas
imp	imp
impact	poveikis
impair	pabloginti
impaired	sutrikusios
impairment	sumažėjimas
impart	skleisti
impartial	nešališkas
impartiality	nešališkumas
impassable	nepertraukiamas
impassioned	entuziastingas
impatience	nekantrumas
impatient	nekantrus
impatiently	NO TRANSLATION
impeach	impeach
impeachment	apkaltos
impeccable	nepriekaištinga
impede	trukdyti
impediment	kliūtis
impelled	impelled
impending	artėjantis
impenetrable	neįveikiama
imperative	būtinas
imperceptible	nepastebimas
imperfect	netobulas
imperfection	netobulumas
imperfectly	netobula
imperial	imperijos
imperialist	NO TRANSLATION
impermeable	nepralaidus
impermissible	neleistinas
impersonal	be asmenybės
impersonate	apsimesti
impersonation	apsimetinėjimas
impersonator	apsimeta
impertinence	netinkamumas
impertinent	netinkamas
impervious	nepralaidus
impetuous	traukiamas
impetus	impulsas
implacable	nepagrįstas
implant	implantas
implantation	implantacija
implanted	implantuotas
implement	įgyvendinti
implicate	prisiminti
implicated	prisideda
implication	implikacija
implied	numanomas
implore	implore
implosion	sprogimas
imply	reikšti
impolite	nepagarbus
import	importas
importance	svarba
important	svarbu
importation	importas
impose	primesti
imposing	įvedimas
imposition	įvedimas
impossibility	neįmanoma
impossible	neįmanomas
impostor	nemalonus
impotence	impotencija
impotent	bejėgis
impound	prisiminti
impoverished	nuskurdęs
impracticable	neįmanoma
impractical	nepraktiška
impregnable	neįveikiamas
impregnate	impregnuoti
impress	įspūdį
impressed	sužavėtas
impression	įspūdis
impressionable	įspūdingas
impressive	įspūdingas
imprint	spaudas
imprison	įkalinimas
imprisoned	įkalintas
imprisonment	laisvės atėmimas
improbable	neįtikėtinas
impromptu	ekspromtas
improper	netinkamas
impropriety	netinkamumas
improve	pagerinti
improved	patobulintas
improvement	tobulinimas
improves	pagerėja
improving	tobulinimas
improvisation	improvizacija
improvise	improvizuoti
improvised	improvizuotas
imprudent	neprotingas
impudence	drovumas
impudent	nepatogus
impulse	impulsas
impulsive	impulsyvus
impunity	nebaudžiamumas
impure	nešvarus
impurity	priemaiša
imputation	priskyrimas
imtryingtosleep	NO TRANSLATION
inability	nesugebėjimas
inaccessible	neprieinama
inaccurate	netikslus
inaction	neveikimas
inactivate	inaktyvuoti
inactivation	inaktyvacija
inactive	neaktyvus
inactivity	neveiklumas
inadequacy	nepakankamumas
inadequate	nepakankamas
inadequateness	nepakankamumas
inadmissible	nepriimtinas
inadvertent	netyčia
inadvertently	netyčia
inaffable	NO TRANSLATION
inalienable	neatsiejama
inane	neribotas
inanimate	negyvas
inapplicable	netaikytina
inappropriate	netinkamas
inattention	neatsargumas
inaudible	neskausmingas
inaugural	inauguracja
inaugurate	atidaryti
inauguration	inauguracija
inborn	inkaras
inbound	atvykstamasis
inbred	inbredas
incalculable	neįkainojamas
incandescent	kaitinantis
incantation	užpuolimas
incapable	nesugeba
incapacity	nedarbingumas
incarceration	įkalinimas
incarnate	įsikūnijimas
incase	tuo atveju
incendiary	uždegiminis
incense	smilkalai
incensed	susierzinęs
incentive	paskata
inception	pradžia
incessant	tęstinis
incessantly	nepertraukiamai
incest	incestas
incestuous	infekcinė
inch	colių
incidence	sergamumas
incident	incidentas
incidental	atsitiktinis
incidentally	atsitiktinai
incineration	deginimas
incinerator	deginimo įrenginys
incipient	pradinė
incision	pjūvis
incisive	įžambinis
incite	paskatinti
incitement	kurstymas
inclement	nelygus
inclination	polinkis
incline	nuolydis
inclined	linkęs
include	įtraukti
included	įskaitant
including	įskaitant
inclusion	įtraukimas
inclusive	imtinai
incognito	inkognito
incoherent	nesuderintas
income	pajamos
incoming	gaunamas
incomparable	neprilygstamas
incompatible	nesuderinama
incompetence	nekompetencija
incompetent	nekompetentingas
incomplete	Nebaigtas
incompletely	nepilnai
incompleteness	neišsamumas
incomprehensible	nesuprantama
inconceivable	neįsivaizduojamas
inconclusive	neabejotinas
incongruous	netinkamas
inconsequential	nesvarbus
inconsiderate	nesvarbu
inconsistency	nenuoseklumas
inconsistent	nenuoseklus
inconspicuous	nepastebimas
incontinence	šlapimo nelaikymas
inconvenience	nepatogumus
inconvenient	nepatogu
incorporate	įtraukti
incorporation	įtraukimas
incorrect	neteisingas
incorrigible	netinkamas
increase	padidinti
increased	padidėjo
incredible	neįtikėtinas
incredulous	neatitikus
increment	prieaugis
incriminate	inkriminuojamas
incriminating	inkriminuojantis
incrimination	kaltinimas
incubation	inkubacija
incubator	inkubatorius
incubus	inkubas
incumbent	esamasis atstovas
incur	patirti
incurable	neišgydomas
incursion	įsiveržimas
indebted	įsiskolinimas
indecency	nepadorumas
indecent	nepadorus
indecision	nelygybė
indecisive	neryžtingas
indefensible	nepagrįstas
indefinite	neterminuota
indelible	neištrinama
indemnification	atlyginimas
indemnify	atlyginti žalą
indemnity	kompensacija
indent	įtrauka
indentation	indentas
indenture	indenture
independence	nepriklausomybė
independent	nepriklausomas
indescribable	neapsakomas
indestructible	nesunaikinamas
indeterminate	neapibrėžtas
index	indeksas
indicate	nurodykite
indicating	nurodant
indication	indikacija
indicative	orientacinis
indicator	indikatorius
indice	NO TRANSLATION
indict	kaltinamasis
indictment	kaltinamoji akcija
indie	indie
indifference	abejingumas
indifferent	abejingas
indigenous	vietiniai
indigent	neturtingas
indigestion	Nevirškinimas
indignant	pasipiktinęs
indignation	pasipiktinimas
indignity	nepasitikėjimas
indigo	Indigo
indirect	netiesioginis
indiscreet	nediskreti
indiscretion	neatsargumas
indispensable	būtinas
indisposed	nepasitenkinimas
indistinct	neaiškus
indistinguishable	nesiskiria
individual	individualus
individuality	individualumas
indivisible	nedalomas
indoctrination	indoktrinacija
indolent	indolent
indomitable	nepaklusnus
indoor	patalpose
induce	sukelti
induced	sukeltas
inducement	paskatinimas
induction	indukcija
indulge	mėgautis
indulgence	indulgencija
indulgent	indulgent
industrial	pramoninis
industrialist	pramonininkas
industrious	darbštus
industry	industrija
ineffable	neapsakomas
ineffective	neefektyvus
ineffectual	neefektyvus
inefficiency	neveiksmingumas
inefficient	neefektyvus
inelastic	neelastinis
ineligible	netinkamas
inept	negerai
ineptitude	netinkamumas
inequality	nelygybė
inequitable	neteisinga
inert	inertiška
inertia	inercija
inevitable	neišvengiamas
inexact	netikslus
inexcusable	nepateisinamas
inexhaustible	neišsemiama
inexpensive	nebrangus
inexperience	nepatyrimas
inexperienced	nepatyręs
inexplicable	nepaaiškinamas
inexpressible	neapsakomas
infallibility	klaidingas
infallible	neklystantis
infamous	liūdnai
infamy	skriaudimas
infancy	kūdikystėje
infant	kūdikis
infanticide	kūdikiams
infantile	kūdikiškas
infantry	pėstininkas
infarct	infarktas
infatuated	įsimylėjęs
infatuation	pribloškimas
infeasible	nepriimtina
infect	užkrėsti
infection	infekcija
infectious	infekcinis
infer	išvaduoti
inference	išvada
inferential	nuoseklus
inferior	prastesnė
inferiority	nepilnavertiškumas
infernal	inferny
inferno	inferno
infertile	nevaisinga
infertility	nevaisingumas
infestation	užkrėtimo
infidel	neteisingas
infidelity	netikėjimas
infield	užtvankos
infiltrate	įsiskverbti
infiltration	infiltracija
infinite	begalinis
infinitely	begalinis
infinitesimal	begalinis mažas
infinity	begalybė
infirm	silpnas
infirmary	ligoninė
infirmity	silpnumas
inflammation	uždegimas
inflammatory	uždegiminis
inflatable	pripučiamas
inflate	pripūsti
inflated	pripūstos
inflation	infliacija
inflection	perversmas
inflict	sukelti
infliction	priespauda
inflorescence	žiedynas
influence	įtaka
influential	įtakingas
influenza	gripas
influx	antplūdis
info	informacija
infomercial	infomercial
inform	informuoti
informal	neformalus
informant	informatorius
information	informacija
informative	informatyvus
informed	informuotas
informer	informatorius
infraction	pažeidimas
infrared	infraraudonieji spinduliai
infrastructure	infrastruktūra
infrequent	nedažni
infrequently	retai
infringement	pažeidimas
infuriate	sužlugdyti
infuriated	susierzinęs
infuriates	infuriates
infuriating	infuriatorius
infuse	infuzuoti
infused	infuzuojama
infuser	infuzorius
infusion	infuzija
ingenious	gudrus
ingenuity	išradingumas
ingest	nuryti
ingestion	nurijus
ingot	lietus
ingrained	įsišaknijusi
ingrate	įsitraukti
ingredient	ingredientas
ingress	patekimas
inhabit	gyventi
inhabitant	gyventojas
inhabited	apgyvendintas
inhabiting	gyvenantis
inhalation	įkvėpus
inhale	įkvėpti
inhaler	inhaliatorius
inherent	būdingas
inherit	paveldėti
inheritance	paveldėjimas
inhibit	slopinti
inhibition	slopinimas
inhibitor	inhibitorius
inhospitable	nešiotis
inhuman	nežmoniškas
inhumane	nehumaniškas
inhumanity	nežmoniškumas
inimaginable	NO TRANSLATION
inimical	neigiamas
inimitable	nepakartojamas
iniquity	neteisybė
initial	pradinis
initiate	pradėti
initiated	inicijuotas
initiation	inicijavimas
initiative	iniciatyva
inject	švirkšti
injection	injekcija
injunction	įsakymas
injure	sužeisti
injured	sužeistas
injuring	sužeisti
injurious	žalingas
injury	sužalojimas
injustice	neteisinga
ink	rašalas
inkling	inkling
inland	vidaus vandenyse
inlay	inkrustacija
inlet	įvadas
inmate	kalinys
inn	užeiga
innards	inards
innate	įgimtas
inner	vidinis
innermost	slapčiausias
innerpeace	NO TRANSLATION
inning	inžinierius
innings	innings
innkeeper	Innkeeper
innocence	nekaltumas
innocent	nekaltas
innocently	nekaltai
innocuous	nekenksmingas
innovate	naujoves
innovation	naujovės
innovative	novatoriškas
innuendo	innuendo
innumerable	nesuskaičiuojama
inoculation	inokuliavimas
inoperable	neveikia
inoperative	neveikia
inordinate	pernelyg
inorganic	neorganinis
input	įvestis
inquest	apklausa
inquire	paklausti
inquirer	klausytojas
inquiring	klausinėjau
inquiry	tyrimas
inquisitive	smalsus
inquisitor	inkvizitorius
insane	psichiškas
insanity	beprotybė
insatiable	nepasotinamas
inscription	užrašas
inscrutable	neįsivaizduojamas
insect	vabzdys
insecticide	insekticidas
insecure	nesaugu
insecurity	nesaugumas
insemination	apvaisinimas
insensitive	nejautrus
inseparable	neatsiejama
insert	Įdėti
inserted	įterpta
insertion	įterpimas
inside	viduje
insider	vidinė auditorija
insidious	klastingas
insight	įžvalga
insightful	įžvalgus
insignia	simbolika
insignificance	nereikšmingumas
insignificant	nereikšmingas
insinuate	insinuate
insipid	įsišaknijęs
insist	reikalauti
insistence	primygtinai reikalavimas
insistent	primygtinis
insists	primygtinai reikalauja
insolence	insolence
insolent	įžūlus
insoluble	netirpi
insolvency	nemokumas
insolvent	nemokus
insomnia	nemiga
insomniac	nemiga
inspect	patikrinkite
inspection	inspekcija
inspector	inspektorius
inspiration	įkvėpimas
inspirational	įkvepiantis
inspire	įkvėpti
inspired	Įkvėptas
instability	nestabilumas
install	diegti
installation	montavimas
installment	įmoka
instance	instancija
instant	akimirksniu
instantaneous	momentinis
instantaneously	akimirksniu
instigate	paskatinti
instigation	kurstymas
instill	instill
instinct	instinktas
instinctive	instinktyvus
institute	institutas
institution	įstaiga
instruct	pavesti
instructed	nurodė
instruction	instrukcija
instructional	mokomoji medžiaga
instructions	nurodymai
instructive	pamokantis
instructor	instruktorius
instrument	instrumentas
instrumental	instrumental
instrumentalist	instrumentalistė
instrumentality	įrankis
insubordination	nepaklusnumas
insufferable	nepakeliamas
insufficiency	nepakankamumas
insufficient	nepakankamas
insufficiently	nepakankamai
insular	izoliuotas
insulate	izoliuoti
insulated	izoliuotas
insulation	izoliacija
insulin	insulinas
insult	įžeidimas
insulting	įžeidimas
insurance	draudimas
insure	apdrausti
insurgent	maištininkas
insurmountable	neįveikiama
insurrection	sukilimas
intact	nepažeistas
intake	suvartojimas
intangible	nematerialus
integer	sveikasis skaičius
integral	integralas
integrate	integruoti
integration	integracija
integrity	vientisumas
intellect	intelektas
intellectual	intelektualus
intelligence	žvalgyba
intelligent	protingas
intelligibility	suprantamumas
intelligible	suprantama
intend	planuoti
intended	numatytas
intending	ketinantis
intense	intensyvus
intensely	intensyviai
intensify	sustiprinti
intensity	intensyvumas
intensive	intensyvus
intent	tikslas
intention	ketinimas
intentional	tyčinis
intentionally	tyčia
inter	inter
interact	bendrauti
interaction	sąveika
interactive	interaktyvus
intercede	paklausti
intercept	perimti
interception	perėmimas
intercession	užtarimas
interchange	keitimasis
interchangeable	keičiamas
interchanged	interchanged
intercom	intercom
intercourse	bendravimas
interdependence	tarpusavio priklausomybe
interdependent	tarpusavyje susijusi
interdiction	uždraudimas
interest	palūkanos
interested	suinteresuotas
interesting	įdomus
interface	sąsaja
interfere	kištis
interference	trikdymas
interferometer	interferometras
intergalactic	tarpgalaktika
interim	laikinas
interior	interjeras
interject	interject
interlocutory	tarpinis
interlude	interludas
intermediary	tarpininkas
intermediate	tarpinis
interment	siela
interminable	be galo
intermission	pertrauka
intermittent	pertraukiamasis
intern	internas
internal	vidinis
internally	viduje
international	tarptautinis
internet	internetas
internship	praktika
interoffice	interoffice
interpolate	interpoliuoti
interpolation	interpoliacija
interpret	interpretuoti
interpretation	interpretacija
interpreter	vertėjas
interpretive	aiškinamasis
interrelated	tarpusavyje susiję
interrogate	paklausti
interrogation	tardymas
interrupt	nutraukti
interrupted	nutrauktas
interrupting	nutraukti
interruption	pertraukimas
interrupts	pertraukia
intersect	susikerta
intersection	sankryža
interstate	tarpvalstybinis
interstellar	tarp žvaigždžių
interstitial	interstitialas
interval	intervalas
intervene	įsikišti
intervening	įsikišimas
intervention	intervencija
interview	interviu
interviewer	interviuotojas
interworking	sąveika
intestate	Neteisingas
intestinal	žarnynas
intestine	žarnynas
intestines	žarnos
intimacy	intymumas
intimate	intymus
intimately	glaudžiai
intimation	intimacija
intimidate	įbauginti
intimidated	bauginti
intimidating	bauginanti
intimidation	bauginimas
intolerable	nepakeliamas
intolerance	netolerancija
intolerant	netoleranti
intonation	intonacija
intoxicated	apsvaigęs
intoxicating	svaiginantis
intoxication	apsinuodijimas
intracranial	intrakranijinis
intractable	nesuderinamas
intramural	intramural
intravenous	intraveninis
intrepid	bejėgis
intricate	sudėtingas
intrigue	intrigos
intriguing	intriguojantis
intrinsic	būdingas
intrinsically	iš esmės
intro	intro
introduce	supažindinti
introduction	įvadas
introductory	įvadinis
introspection	introspekcija
introspective	introspekcinis
intrude	įsibrauti
intruder	įsibrovėlis
intrusion	įsibrovimas
intrusive	intrusyvus
intubation	intubacija
intuition	intuicija
intuitive	intuityvi
intuitively	intuityviai
inundation	potvynis
invade	įsiveržti
invader	įsibrovėlis
invalid	negaliojantis
invalidate	negaliojantis
invalidation	negaliojimas
invalidity	invalidumas
invaluable	neįkainojama
invariably	visada
invasion	invazija
invasive	invazinis
invent	išrasti
invention	išradimas
inventive	išradingas
inventor	išradėjas
inventory	inventorius
inverse	atvirkštinis
inversely	atvirkščiai
inversion	inversija
invert	invertuoti
inverted	apverstas
invest	investuoti
investigate	ištirti
investigation	tyrimas
investigative	tyrimas
investigator	tyrėjas
investment	investicijos
investor	investuotojas
invidious	kukliai
invigorate	pagyvinti
invincible	nesugebėjimas
invisibility	nematomas
invisible	nematomas
invitation	kvietimas
invite	pakviesti
inviting	kviečiantis
invocation	paskambinimas
invoice	sąskaita faktūra
invoke	pasikviesti
involuntary	Neprivalomas
involution	involiucija
involve	Įtraukti
involvement	dalyvavimas
invulnerable	neatsirado
inwards	į vidų
iodine	jodas
ion	jonas
iota	Iota
irate	irate
ire	NO TRANSLATION
iridescent	vaizdingas
iris	iris
irked	sumuštas
irks	riestai
iron	geležis
ironclad	ironclad
ironic	ironiškas
irons	lygintuvai
irony	ironija
irradiation	švitinimas
irrational	neracionalus
irrationality	neracionalumas
irreconcilable	nesuderinamas
irreducible	nepatraukiamas
irrefutable	neginčytinas
irregular	netaisyklingas
irregularity	pažeidimas
irregularly	netaisyklingai
irrelevant	nesvarbu
irreparable	nepataisoma
irreplaceable	nepakeičiama
irrepressible	nepakeliamas
irresistible	neatsispiriamas
irrespective	nepriklausomai
irresponsible	neatsakingas
irreverent	nepagarbus
irreversible	negrįžtamas
irrevocable	neatšaukiamas
irrigate	drėkinti
irrigation	drėkinimas
irritability	dirglumas
irritable	irzlus
irritate	sudirginti
irritated	sudirgusi
irritates	dirgina
irritating	dirgina
irritation	dirginimas
island	sala
isle	isle
islet	islet
isolate	izoliuoti
isolated	izoliuotas
isolation	izoliacija
isomorphism	isomorfizmas
isothermal	izoterminė
isotope	izotopas
issue	klausimas
itch	niežėjimas
itching	niežulys
itchy	niežulys
item	daiktas
itemize	detalizuoti
items	daiktai
iterate	kartokite
iteration	iteracija
iterative	iteracinis
itinerant	keliaujantieji
itinerary	maršrutas
ivory	dramblio kaulas
jab	Jabas
jabber	jabber
jack	Domkratas
jackal	šakalas
jackass	šokas
jacket	striukė
jackhammer	vikšrinė mašina
jackpot	jackpota
jackrabbit	jackrabbit
jacks	lizdai
jade	nefritas
jaded	Jaded
jag	NO TRANSLATION
jagged	Dantyta
jaguar	Jaguar
jail	kalėjimas
jailbird	jailbird
jailbreak	Pabėgimas iš kalėjimo
jailer	kaltininkas
jailhouse	Jailhouse
jalopy	jalopy
jam	džemas
jamboree	jamboree
jammed	užstrigęs
jammer	jammer
janitor	Durininkas
janitorial	sargybinis
japan	Japonija
jar	jar
jargon	žargonas
jarhead	Jarhead
jarring	Jarring
jasmine	jazminas
jasper	jašma
jaundice	gelta
jaunt	jaunt
java	java
javelin	šaukštas
jaw	žandikaulis
jawbone	žandikaulis
jaws	žandikauliai
jay	jay
jazz	džiazas
jazzy	jazzy
jealous	pavydus
jealousy	pavydas
jean	jeanas
jeans	džinsai
jeep	Džipas
jeering	juokinga
jelly	želė
jellybean	Jellybean
jellyfish	medūza
jenny	jenny
jeopardize	pavojaus
jeopardy	pavojus
jerk	šoktelėti
jerks	jerks
jerky	truputis
jersey	Džersis
jest	NO TRANSLATION
jester	Jester
jesus	Jėzus
jet	reaktyvinis
jetty	prieplauka
jewel	brangakmenis
jeweler	juvelyras
jewelry	papuošalai
jib	strigtis
jiff	NO TRANSLATION
jiffy	Jiffy
jig	džigas
jiggle	sustoti
jigsaw	dėlionės
jihad	džihadas
jimmy	Jimmy
jingle	skamba
jinx	džinsas
jitters	drebėjimai
jittery	nerimtas
jive	Jive
job	darbas
jobinterview	NO TRANSLATION
jock	jock
jockey	jockey
jockstrap	jockstrap
jog	bėgti
jogger	Jogger
john	Jonas
join	prisijungti
joined	prisijungė prie
joining	prisijungti
joint	Bendras
jointly	kartu
joke	pokštas
joker	Jokeris
joking	juokauja
jolly	linksmas
jolt	drebėjimas
jornada	NO TRANSLATION
jot	Jot
jour	NO TRANSLATION
journal	žurnalas
journalism	žurnalistika
journalist	žurnalistas
journalistic	žurnalistikos
journey	kelionė
journeyman	kelionininkas
joust	jojimo
jovial	Jovial
joy	džiaugsmas
joyful	džiaugsmingas
joyous	džiaugsmingas
joyride	joyride
joys	džiaugsmai
jubilant	linksmas
jubilee	jubiliejus
judge	teisėjas
judged	vertinamas
judging	spręsdamas
judgment	teismo sprendimas
judgmental	kritiškas
judicial	teisminis
judiciary	teismų sistema
judicious	protingas
judo	judo
jug	ąsotis
juggle	žongliruoti
juggler	žonglierius
juggling	žongliravimas
jugular	jugular
juice	sultys
juicer	sulčiaspaudė
juicy	sultingas
juju	NO TRANSLATION
juke	Juke
jukebox	Jukebox
jumble	sumušti
jumbled	sumušė
jumbo	garsiai
jump	šokinėti
jump rope	Šokdynė
jumper	megztinis
jumpsuit	jumpsuit
jumpy	juoktis
junction	sankryžoje
juncture	sąstingis
jungle	džiunglės
junior	jaunesnysis
juniper	kadagys
junk	šiukšlių
junket	nardymas
junkie	narkomanas
junky	Junky
junkyard	junkyard
junta	hunta
juridical	juridinis
jurisdiction	jurisdikcija
jurisprudence	jurisprudencija
jurist	teisininkas
juror	prizas
jury	žiuri
justice	teisingumas
justifiable	pateisinamas
justification	pateisinimas
justify	pateisinti
juststop	NO TRANSLATION
justthebeginning	NO TRANSLATION
jute	džiutas
juvenile	nepilnametis
juxtaposition	sulyginimas
kaiser	kaiser
kale	Kale
kaleidoscope	Kaleidoskopas
kamikaze	kamikaze
kangaroo	Kengūra
kanji	Kanji
kappa	kappa
kaput	NO TRANSLATION
karaoke	karaoke
karate	karatė
karma	karma
karmic	karmiškas
kayak	baidarė
kazoo	kazoo
kebab	kebabas
keel	kalis
keen	entuziastingas
keep	laikykis
keeper	laikytojas
keeping	palaikymas
keepsake	laikyti
keg	keg
kelp	kelpimas
ken	ken
kennel	veislynas
kerchief	liemenė
kern	kern
kernel	branduolys
kerosene	žibalas
ketchup	kečupas
kettle	virdulys
key	Raktas
keyboard	klaviatūra
keyed	raktas
keyhole	raktelio skylė
keynote	pagrindinis žodis
keypad	klaviatūra
keystone	kertinis akmuo
keyword	raktinis žodis
khaki	Khaki
khan	khanas
kibble	Kibble
kick	smūgis
kickboxing	kikboksas
kicker	Kikeris
kicking	spardyti
kickoff	pradžia
kid	vaikas
kidder	žudikas
kidding	juokaujate
kiddo	vaikinas
kiddos	kiddos
kidnap	pagrobti
kidnapped	pagrobtas
kidnapper	pagrobėjas
kidnapping	pagrobimas
kidney	inkstas
kids	vaikai
kill	nužudyti
killer	žudikas
killing	žudymas
killjoy	killjoy
kiln	krosnies
kilo	NO TRANSLATION
kilogram	kilogramas
kilometer	kilometras
kilt	kilt
kimono	kimono
kin	giminaitis
kind	malonus
kindergarten	darželis
kindling	užsiurbimas
kindness	gerumas
kindred	giminingas
kinematics	kinematika
kinesiology	kineziologija
kinetic	kinetinis
king	karalius
king snake	karališkoji gyvatė
kingdom	karalystė
kingpin	šaulys
kink	kink
kinky	Kinky
kinship	giminystė
kiosk	kioskas
kirk	kirk
kiss	pabučiuoti
kisser	kisser
kissy	bučinys
kit	rinkinys
kitchen	virtuvė
kite	aitvaras
kitten	kačiukas
kiwi	kivi
klutz	klutz
knack	įgūdis
knapsack	kuprinė
knead	minkyti
knee	kelio
kneecap	kelio kaukė
kneel	keliauti
kneeling	keliaujant
knell	knell
knick	pasidaryk
knickers	kelnaitės
knife	peilis
knight	riteris
knighthood	riteris
knit	megzti
knob	rankena
knock	belsti
knockoff	knockoff
knockout	nužudymas
knoll	knoll
knot	mazgas
knots	mazgai
knotted	sujungtas
know	žinoti
knowing	žinant
knowingly	sąmoningai
knowledge	žinios
knowledgeable	nusimanantis
knuckle	kumštis
knucklehead	Knucklehead
knuckles	kakliukai
koala	Koala
kook	NO TRANSLATION
kooky	kooky
kool-aid	mokyklos pagalba
kos	kos
kosher	Kosher
kraut	NO TRANSLATION
kris	kris
kryptonite	kryptonite
kudos	Kudos
kumquat	kumquat
lab	laboratorija
label	etiketė
labor	darbo
laboratory	laboratorija
labored	dirbo
laborer	darbininkas
laboring	dirba
laborious	sunkus darbas
labyrinth	labirintas
lac	lac
lace	nėriniai
laceration	griovimas
lack	trūksta
lackey	Lukšis
lacking	trūksta
lackluster	neryškus
lacquer	lakas
lacrosse	lakrasas
lactose	laktozė
lad	vaikinas
ladder	kopėčios
laddie	Laddie
laden	pakrauta
lading	krovinys
ladle	kaušas
lady	moteris
lady bug	NO TRANSLATION
ladybug	Boružė
ladylike	ladylike
ladyship	meilė
lag	atsilikimas
lager	NO TRANSLATION
lagging	atsilieka
lagoon	lagūnas
lair	lair
laity	pasaulis
lake	ežeras
lama	NO TRANSLATION
lamb	ėriena
lame	lame
lament	gailestis
lamenting	gailėdamasis
lamina	lamina
laminated	laminuotas
lamp	lempa
lamppost	lempos stulpas
lance	lance
lancer	lancer
land	žemė
landed	nusileido
landfall	pakrantė
landfill	sąvartynas
landing	nusileidimas
landlady	šeimininkė
landlocked	atviroje jūroje
landlord	nuomotojas
landmark	orientyras
lands	žemes
landscape	kraštovaizdis
landscaping	kraštovaizdis
landslide	nuošliaužos
lane	juostos
language	kalba
languid	tingus
languish	nykti
languishing	nuoga
lanky	lanky
lantern	žibintas
lap	ratas
lapdog	Lapdogas
lapel	atrama
lapse	pasibaigia
lapsed	pasibaigė
laptop	nešiojamas kompiuteris
larceny	larceny
lard	kiauliniai taukai
larder	keptuvė
large	didelis
larger	didesnis
largo	NO TRANSLATION
lark	žvilgsnis
larva	lerva
laryngitis	laringitas
larynx	gerklų
lasagna	lasagna
laser	lazeris
lash	blakstiena
lass	mama
lasso	lasso
lastday	NO TRANSLATION
lasting	ilgalaikis
lastminute	Paskutinės minutės
latch	fiksatorius
late	vėlai
lateness	vėlavimas
latent	latentinis
lateral	šoninis
laterally	šonuose
latex	lateksas
lathe	tekinimo staklės
lather	plakti
latitude	platuma
latrine	latrine
latrines	lentynos
latte	latte
lattice	grotelės
laud	lauja
laudable	pagirtinas
laudation	pasveikinimas
laudatory	linksmoji
laugh	juoktis
laughable	juokiasi
laughing	juokiasi
laughingstock	NO TRANSLATION
laughs	juokiasi
laughter	juokas
launch	paleisti
launcher	paleidimo priemonė
launches	paleidžia
launder	nusiprausti
laundering	plovimas
laundry	skalbiniai
laureate	laureatas
laurel	Laurynas
laurels	laurus
lava	lava
lavage	praplovimas
lavatory	tualetas
lavender	levanda
lavish	gausus
law	teisė
lawful	teisėtas
lawless	neteisėtas
lawlessness	neteisybė
lawman	teisininkas
lawn	veja
lawnmower	žoliapjovė
lawsuit	ieškinys
lawyer	teisininkas
lax	lax
laxative	vidurius
lay	gulėti
layaway	atostogos
layer	sluoksnis
layered	sluoksniuota
layman	nesąmonė
layout	išdėstymas
layover	slenkstis
laziness	tingumas
lazy	tingus
lazyday	NO TRANSLATION
lea	lea
lead	vadovauti
leaded	švinu
leader	lyderis
leadership	vadovavimas
leading	pirmaujantis
leads	veda
leaf	lapai
leaflet	lankstinukas
leafy	lapinė
league	lyga
leak	nutekėti
leakage	nuotėkis
leaky	nutekėjusi
lean	liesas
leaned	pasviręs
leaning	pasvirusi
leap	šuolis
learn	mokytis
learned	išmoko
learner	mokinys
learning	mokymasis
lease	nuoma
leash	pakabukas
leather	oda
leathery	odinis
leave	palikti
leavemealone	palik mane vieną
leaving	palieka
lecherous	paslaptingas
lecture	paskaita
lecturer	dėstytojas
ledge	nuolydis
ledger	vadovėlis
lee	Lee
leech	sode
leeches	rausvai
leer	NO TRANSLATION
leery	saldainis
lees	NO TRANSLATION
leeway	laisvė
left	kairėje
leftout	NO TRANSLATION
leftover	likučiai
leftovers	likučiai
lefty	kairysis
leg	kojos
legacy	palikimas
legal	teisėtas
legality	teisėtumas
legalize	legalizuoti
legalized	legalizuotas
legally	teisiškai
legend	legenda
legendary	legendinis
legibility	įskaitomumas
legible	įskaitomas
legion	legionas
legislate	įstatymų leidėjas
legislation	teisės aktai
legislative	įstatymų leidėjas
legislator	įstatymų leidėjas
legislature	įstatymų leidžiamoji valdžia
legit	teisėtas
legitimacy	teisėtumas
legitimate	teisėtas
lego	lego
legs	kojos
legume	ankštiniai
legwork	kojos
leisure	laisvalaikis
leisurely	nesunkiai
lemma	lemma
lemon	citrina
lemonade	limonadas
lend	skolinti
lender	skolintojas
lending	paskolos
length	ilgis
lengthen	pailginti
lengthened	pailgintas
lengthening	pailginimas
lengthwise	išilgai
lengthy	ilgas
leniency	atleidimas nuo baudų
lenient	švelnus
lens	objektyvas
leopard	leopardas
leotard	treniruotė
leper	lepojas
leprechaun	leprechaun
leprosy	raupsai
lesbian	lesbiečių
lesbianism	lesbiečių
lesion	pažeidimas
less	mažiau
lessee	nuomininkas
lessen	sumažinti
lessening	mažėja
lesser	mažesnis
lesson	pamoka
lessor	nuomotojas
let	leisti
lethal	mirtina
lethargic	mieguistas
lethargy	mieguistumas
letter	laiškas
lettered	su raidėmis
letterhead	firminis blankas
lettering	raidės
letters	raidės
lettuce	salotos
leukemia	leukemija
levee	levee
level	lygis
lever	svirtis
leverage	svertas
levitate	levitate
levy	rinkliava
lewd	bjaurus
lexicon	leksikonas
ley	NO TRANSLATION
liabilities	įsipareigojimai
liability	atsakomybė
liable	atsakingas
liaison	ryšys
liar	melagis
libel	klibėti
libelous	klastingas
liberal	liberalus
liberalism	liberalizmas
liberate	išlaisvinti
liberated	išlaisvintas
liberating	išlaisvinantis
liberation	išlaisvinimas
liberty	laisvė
libido	libido
librarian	bibliotekininkas
library	biblioteka
libretto	libreto
lice	utėlių
license	licencija
lichen	kerpės
lick	laižyti
licorice	saldymedis
lid	dangtelis
lie	melas
liege	liege
lien	suvaržymas
lieu	lieu
lieutenant	leitenantas
life	gyvenimas
lifeblood	gyvybės šaltinis
lifeboat	gelbėjimo valtis
lifeguard	gelbėtojas
lifeisgood	gyvenimas yra geras
lifeless	negyvas
lifelike	gyvybingas
lifeline	gelbėjimo linija
lifelong	visą gyvenimą
lifer	gelbėtojas
lifesaver	gyvenimo gelbetojas
lifestyle	gyvenimo būdas
lifesucks	gyvenimas užknisa
lifetime	gyvenimas
lift	pakelti
lifted	pakeltas
liftoff	pakilimas
ligament	raištis
ligation	ligation
ligature	ligatūra
light	šviesa
light year	Šviesmetis
lightbulb	lemputė
lighten	apšviesti
lightheaded	galva
lighthouse	švyturys
lighting	apšvietimas
lightness	lengvumas
lightning	žaibas
lights	žiburiai
lightweight	lengvas
likable	patinka
like	Kaip
likelihood	tikimybė
likely	tikėtina
likeness	panašumas
likewise	taip pat
liking	patiko
lilac	Alyva
lily	lelija
limb	galūnė
limber	limberas
limbo	netinkamas
lime	kalkės
limelight	dėmesio centre
limestone	kalkakmenis
limey	Limey
limit	riba
limitation	apribojimas
limited	ribotas
limitless	neribotas
limo	limuzinas
limousine	limuzinas
limp	švelnus
lin	Lin
line	linija
lineage	linija
lineal	lineal
linear	linijinis
linebacker	linebacker
lined	išklotas
linen	Linas
liner	linijinis
lines	linijos
lineup	lineup
linger	laikytis
lingerie	apatinis trikotažas
lingering	užsitęsęs
lingo	lingo
lingual	kalbinė
linguini	linguini
linguist	kalbininkas
linguistic	kalbinis
linguistics	lingvistika
lining	pamušalas
link	nuoroda
linoleum	linoleumas
lint	geltona
lion	liūtas
lip	lūpa
liposuction	liposuction
lipstick	lūpų dažai
liquefaction	suskystinimas
liquefied	suskystintas
liqueur	likeris
liquid	skystis
liquidate	likviduoti
liquidation	likvidavimas
liquidator	likvidatorius
liquidity	likvidumas
liquor	likeris
lira	NO TRANSLATION
lisp	lisp
list	sąrašas
listen	klausyk
listener	klausytojas
listenting	NO TRANSLATION
listing	sąrašas
listless	nesvarbu
listneing	NO TRANSLATION
litany	Litanija
liter	litras
literacy	raštingumas
literal	pažodžiui
literally	pažodžiui
literary	literatūrinis
literature	literatūra
lithe	litas
lithium	Ličio
lithograph	litografija
lithography	litografija
lithology	litologija
lithosphere	litosfera
litigant	ginčas
litigate	ginčyti bylą
litigation	bylinėjimasis
litigator	ieškovas byloje
litigious	ginčytinas
litter	pakratai
little	mažai
littlethings	maži dalykai
littoral	pakrantė
liturgy	liturgija
live	gyventi
livelife	Gyvenk gyvenimą
livelihood	pragyvenimo šaltinis
lively	gyvas
liven	pagyvinti
liver	kepenys
livery	livery
livestock	gyvuliai
livid	gyvas
living	gyvenimas
lizard	driežas
llama	lama
lml	lml
load	apkrova
loader	krautuvas
loaf	kepalas
loafer	slapyvardis
loam	priemolis
loan	paskola
loath	nepasitenkinimas
loathe	nepastebimas
loathful	nepadorus
loathing	apgailėtinas
loathsome	apgailėtinas
lobby	lobis
lobbyist	lobistas
lobe	lopas
lobotomy	lobotomija
lobster	omaras
local	vietinis
locale	lokalė
locality	vietovė
localization	lokalizacija
localize	lokalizuoti
localized	lokalizuota
locate	surask
location	vieta
locator	lokatorius
loch	Loch
lock	užraktas
locker	spintelė
locket	medalionė
locksmith	šaltkalvis
lockup	užrakinti
loco	loco
locomotion	judėjimas
locomotive	lokomotyvas
locust	saldainis
lode	NO TRANSLATION
lodge	pateikia
lodger	būstininkas
lodging	apgyvendinimas
loft	palėpė
lofty	aukštasis
log	Prisijungti
logarithm	logaritmas
logarithmic	logaritminis
logic	logika
logical	logiškas
logistics	Logistika
logo	logotipas
logotype	logotipas
loin	NO TRANSLATION
lollipop	Lollipop
lone	vienišas
loneliness	vienatvė
lonely	vienišas
loner	vienišas
lonesome	vienišas
long	ilgai
longboat	Longboat
longevity	ilgaamžiškumas
longing	ilgesys
longitude	ilguma
longitudinal	išilginis
longitudinally	išilgai
longtime	ilgas laikas
loo	loo
look	atrodo
looker	ieškotojas
lookout	saugokis
loom	stelažai
looming	baisus
loon	Loon
loony	kvailas
loop	kilpa
loophole	spraga
loopy	lūpas
loose	laisvas
loosen	atlaisvinti
loosening	atsipalaidavimas
loot	loterija
lop	Lop
lopsided	vienkartinis
lord	Viešpatie
lords	valdovai
lordship	valdžia
lore	Istorija
lorry	sunkvežimis
lose	prarasti
loser	nevykėlis
losing	praranda
loss	nuostolis
lost	prarastas
lot	daug
lotion	losjonas
lots	daug
lottery	loterija
lotto	lotto
lotus	lotus
loud	garsiai
loudly	garsiai
loudmouth	Loudmouth
loudness	garsumas
loudspeaker	garsiakalbis
lounge	holas
lounging	praleisti
louse	garsas
lousy	bjaurus
lovable	patraukli
love	meilė
loved	myliu
lovee	meilė
loveee	loveee
loveless	nepamirštamas
lovelife	NO TRANSLATION
loveliness	gražumas
lovelovelove	NO TRANSLATION
lovely	mielas
lovemaking	mylėtis
lovemylife	NO TRANSLATION
lover	meilužis
lovesick	lovesick
lovethis	myliu tai
loving	myliu
lovinglife	mylintis gyvenimą
lovinlife	lovinlife
low	žemas
lowdown	atsigulti
lower	mažesnis
lowering	nuleisti
lowest	Žemiausia
lowlands	žemumos
lowlife	mažas gyvenimas
lowly	žemas
lox	loks
loyal	ištikimas
loyalty	lojalumas
lsd	lsd
luau	luau
lube	tepalas
lubricant	tepalas
lubricate	sutepkite
lubrication	tepimas
lucid	aiškus
luck	sėkmė
luckiest	laimingiausias
lucky	laimingas
luckygirl	laiminga mergina
lucrative	pelningas
ludicrous	juokinga
lug	pagauti
luggage	bagažas
lukewarm	drungnas
lull	užliūliuoti
lullaby	Lopšinė
lumbar	juosmens smegenys
lumber	mediena
lumbering	lumbering
lumberjack	lumberjack
luminescent	liuminescencinis
luminous	šviesus
lump	vienkartinis
lumpy	vienkartinis
lunacy	nepaklusnumas
lunar	mėnulis
lunatic	nemalonus
lunch	pietūs
lunchbox	Pietų dėžutė
luncheon	pietūs
lunchtime	pietų metu
lung	plaučiai
lunge	pabaisa
lungs	plaučiai
lurch	Lurch
lure	privilioti
lurid	purvinas
lurk	pasislėpk
lurking	pasislėpęs
luscious	saldus
lush	sodrus
lust	geismas
luster	blizgesys
lustful	liūdnas
lustrous	blizgus
lusty	linksma
lute	luta
luxuriant	prabangus
luxurious	prabangus
luxury	prabanga
lycra	likra
lye	nudažyti
lying	melas
lymph	limfos
lymphatic	limfos
lymphoma	limfoma
lynch	lynch
lynching	lynching
lynx	lūšis
lyre	lyra
lyric	lyrika
lyrical	lyrinis
lyrics	dainos žodžiai
macadamia	makadamija
macarena	macarena
macaroni	makaronai
mace	mace
mach	Machas
machete	machete
machine	mašina
machinery	mašinos
machinist	mašininkė
macho	macho
mackerel	skumbrė
macro	makrokomandas
mad	piktas
madam	ponia
madame	Madam
madden	maddenas
madder	madderas
mademoiselle	NO TRANSLATION
mademyday	pralinksmino visai dienai
madhouse	madhouse
madman	beprotis
madness	beprotybė
maestro	Maestro
mafia	mafija
magazine	žurnalas
mage	Magas
magenta	raudona
maggot	burbulas
magic	magija
magical	stebuklinga
magician	magas
magistrate	teisėjas
magma	magma
magna	Magna
magnate	magnatas
magnesium	magnis
magnet	magnetas
magnetic	magnetinis
magnetism	magnetizmas
magnetite	magnetitas
magnification	didinimas
magnificence	didybė
magnificent	puikus
magnifier	didintuvas
magnify	didina
magnifying	padidinamas
magnitude	dydis
magnolia	magnolija
magpie	speniai
mahi mahi	NO TRANSLATION
mahjong	Mahjongas
mahogany	raudonmedis
maid	tarnaitė
maiden	mergaitė
mail	Paštas
mailbox	pašto dėžutę
mailing	pašto siuntimas
mailman	mailman
maim	NO TRANSLATION
main	pagrindinis
mainframe	Pagrindinis rėmas
mainland	žemyną
mainstay	pagrindas
mainstream	mainstream
maintain	išlaikyti
maintenance	priežiūra
majestic	didingas
majesty	didybė
major	pagrindinis
majority	dauguma
make	padaryti
makeover	makeover
maker	gamintojas
makeshift	laikinasis
makesmehappy	NO TRANSLATION
makesmemad	NO TRANSLATION
makeup	makiažas
makingdisciples	NO TRANSLATION
malady	blogis
malaise	negalavimas
malaria	maliarija
malarkey	Malarkey
male	Patinas
malevolent	piktas
malfeasance	piktnaudžiavimas
malformation	anomalija
malfunction	sutrikimas
malice	NO TRANSLATION
malicious	kenksminga
malign	kenksmingas
malignancy	piktybiniai navikai
malignant	piktybinis
maligned	piktybiškas
mall	prekybos centras
malleable	kalimas
mallet	mallet
malnutrition	nepakankama mityba
malpractice	piktnaudžiavimas
malt	salyklas
mama	mama
mambo	mambo
mamma	NO TRANSLATION
mammal	žinduolis
mammoth	mamutas
mammy	mama
man	vyras
manage	tvarkyti
manageable	valdomas
management	valdymas
manager	vadybininkas
managerial	vadybinis
mandamus	mandamus
mandarin	mandarinas
mandate	mandatas
mandatory	privalomas
mandible	apatinis žandikaulis
mandolin	mandolinas
mandrel	asortimentas
mane	NO TRANSLATION
maneuver	manevras
maneuvering	manevravimas
mange	NO TRANSLATION
manger	mangeras
mangle	mangle
mango	mango
mangosteen	mangostanas
mangy	Mangy
manhole	šulinys
manhood	vyriškumas
manhunt	Manhunt
mania	manija
maniac	maniakas
maniacal	maniakinis
manic	manija
manicure	manikiūras
manicurist	manikiūras
manifest	manifestas
manifestation	pasireiškimas
manifested	pasireiškė
manifestly	akivaizdžiai
manifesto	manifestas
manifold	kolektorius
manipulate	manipuliuoti
manipulation	manipuliavimas
manipulative	manipuliacinis
mankind	žmonija
manly	vyriškas
manna	mana
manned	valdomas
mannequin	Manekenas
manner	būdas
mannered	manieringas
manners	manieros
manor	dvaras
manpower	darbo jėga
mansion	dvaras
mansions	gyvenamieji namai
manslaughter	žmogžudystė
mantel	mantel
mantis	mantis
mantle	mantija
mantra	Mantra
manual	vadovas
manufacture	gaminti
manufacturer	gamintojas
manufacturing	gamyba
manure	mėšlas
manuscript	rankraštis
map	žemėlapis
maple	klevas
mar	maras
marathon	maratonas
marble	marmuras
marbled	marmurinė
marbles	stiklo rutuliukai
march	Kovas
mare	NO TRANSLATION
margarine	margarinas
margarita	margarita
margin	marža
marginal	marginalas
mariachi	mariachi
marijuana	marihuana
marinara	marinara
marine	jūrų
mariner	mariner
marital	santuokinis
maritime	jūrų
mark	ženklas
marked	pažymėtas
marker	žymeklis
market	turgus
marketable	parduodamas
marketing	rinkodara
marketplace	prekyvietė
marks	ženklai
marksman	šaulys
marksmanship	šaudymas
marl	marl
marmalade	marmeladas
maroon	maroon
marooned	pasipriešinta
marquee	marquee
marquis	marquis
marred	sugedęs
marriage	santuoka
married	Vedęs
marrow	smegenys
marry	tuoktis
marsh	pelkė
marshal	Marshal
marshmallow	Zefyras
mart	Martas
martial	kovinis
martingale	martingale
martini	Martini
martyr	kankinys
martyrdom	kankinys
marvel	stebuklas
marvellous	nuostabus
marvelous	nuostabus
marvelously	stebuklingai
marzipan	NO TRANSLATION
mascara	tušas
mascot	talismanas
masculine	vyriškas
masculinity	vyriškumas
mash	dubenys
mashed	saldainiai
mask	kaukė
masked	užmaskuota
masks	kaukes
masochism	masochizmas
masochist	Masochistas
mason	masonas
masquerade	maskaradas
mass	masė
massacre	žudynes
massage	masažas
masses	masės
masseur	masažuotojas
masseuse	masseuse
massive	masyvi
mast	stiebas
master	meistras
masterful	meistriškas
mastermind	meistras
masterpiece	šedevras
mastery	meistriškumas
masturbate	masturbuotis
masturbation	masturbacija
mat	motina
matador	Matador
match	rungtynės
matchbook	Matchbook
matching	atitikimas
matchmaker	dainininkė
mate	mate
material	medžiaga
materialism	materializmas
materialist	materialistinis
materialistic	materialistinis
materiality	reikšmingumas
materialize	materializuoti
materially	materialiai
materials	medžiagos
materiel	medžiaga
maternal	motina
maternity	motinystė
math	matematika
mathematical	matematinis
mathematician	matematikas
mathematics	matematika
matinee	Matinee
mating	poravimas
matriculation	imatrikacija
matrimony	santuoka
matrix	matrica
matron	Matron
matted	matinis
matter	klausimas
matting	kiliminė danga
mattress	čiužinys
maturation	brendimas
mature	brandus
maturity	terminas
maudlin	maudlinas
mausoleum	mauzoliejus
mauve	violetine
maverick	Maverickas
maxim	maxim
maximize	maksimaliai padidinti
maximum	maksimalus
may	Gegužė
mayday	mayday
mayflower	mayflower
mayhem	chaosas
mayonnaise	majonezas
mayor	meras
maze	labirintas
mead	mead
meadow	pieva
meager	menkas
meal	maistas
mean	vidutinis
meander	Meander
meandering	bjaurus
meanie	žinoti
meaning	prasme
meaningful	reikšmingas
meaningless	beprasmis
meanness	menkumas
means	reiškia
meantime	tuo tarpu
measles	tymai
measurable	išmatuojami
measure	priemonė
measured	matuojamas
measurement	matavimas
measuring	matavimas
measuring cup	matavimo puodelis
measuring tape	matavimo juostos
meat	mėsa
meatball	mėsainis
meathead	mėsos galvutė
meatloaf	mėsmalė
mechanic	mechanikas
mechanical	mechaninis
mechanics	mechanika
mechanism	mechanizmas
med	NO TRANSLATION
medal	medalis
medallion	medalionas
medallist	medalininkas
meddle	įsibraukti
meddling	įsikišimas
media	žiniasklaida
medial	medialas
median	mediana
mediate	tarpininkauti
mediation	tarpininkavimas
mediator	tarpininkas
medic	medic
medical	medicinos
medicate	gydyti
medication	vaistas
medicinal	medicininis
medicine	vaistas
medieval	viduramžių
mediocre	vidutiniškas
mediocrity	vidutiniškumas
meditate	medituoti
meditating	medituojantis
meditation	meditacija
meditative	meditacinis
mediterranean	Viduržemio jūros
medium	vidutinė
medley	medley
meek	kuklus
meet	susitikti
meeting	susitikimas
mega	mega
meh	meh
melancholic	melancholinis
melancholy	melancholija
melee	melee
mellow	mellow
melodious	melodingas
melodrama	melodrama
melodramatic	melodramatika
melody	melodija
melon	melionas
melt	ištirpti
meltdown	Meltdown
melting	tirpimas
member	narys
membership	narystė
membrane	membrana
memento	paminklas
memo	atmintinė
memoir	memuarai
memorabilia	atminimo baldai
memorable	įsimintinas
memorandum	memorandumas
memorial	memorialas
memorials	memorialai
memories	atsiminimai
memoriesiwontforget	NO TRANSLATION
memorize	įsiminti
memory	atmintis
menace	Gresmė
menacing	grėsmingas
menagerie	žvėrelis
mend	ištaisyti
mending	taisymas
menial	menial
meningitis	meningitas
meniscus	meniskas
menopause	menopauzė
menses	mėnesinės
menstrual	menstruacija
mental	psichinis
mentalhealth	NO TRANSLATION
mentality	mentalitetas
menthol	mentolis
mention	paminėti
mentor	mentorius
menu	Meniu
meow	Miau
mercantile	prekybinis
mercenary	samdinys
merchandise	prekes
merchant	prekybininkas
merciful	gailestingas
merciless	negailestingas
mercurial	gyvsidabris
mercury	gyvsidabris
mercy	gailestingumas
mere	paprasta
merengue	merengue
merge	sujungti
merger	susijungimas
meridian	dienovidinis
meridional	dienovidinis
meringue	meringue
merit	nuopelnas
meritorious	nusipelnęs
mermaid	undinė
merriment	linksmas
merry	linksmas
merrychristmas	NO TRANSLATION
mesa	mesa
mescaline	mescaline
mesh	Tinklelis
meshes	akys
mesmerized	įkyriai
mess	netvarka
message	pranešimas
messedup	NO TRANSLATION
messenger	Messenger
messiah	Mesijas
messy	netinkamas
metabolic	medžiagų apykaitos
metabolism	metabolizmas
metal	metalas
metallic	metalinis
metallurgy	metalurgija
metamorphosis	metamorfozė
metaphor	metafora
metaphorical	metaforiškas
metaphysical	metafizinis
metaphysics	metafizika
metastasis	metastazė
meteor	meteoras
meteoric	meteoritas
meteorite	meteoritas
meteorological	meteorologinis
meteorology	meteorologija
meter	metras
meth	metas
methadone	metadonas
methane	metanas
methanol	metanolis
method	metodas
methodical	metodinė
methodology	metodika
meticulous	kruopštus
metime	metime
metric	metrinė
metrical	metrinis
metrology	metrologija
metropolis	metropolis
metropolitan	didmiestis
mettle	mettle
mew	mew
mezzanine	mezzanine
mica	žėrutis
mick	Mickas
micro	mikro
microbe	mikrobu
microbiology	mikrobiologija
microchip	mikroschema
microcosm	mikrokosmas
microfilm	mikrofilmas
microgram	mikrogramų
micrometer	mikrometras
micron	mikronas
microphone	mikrofonas
microscope	mikroskopas
microscopic	mikroskopinis
microscopically	mikroskopu
microscopy	mikroskopija
microwave	mikrobangų krosnelė
mid	viduryje
midair	midi
midday	vidurdienį
middle	viduryje
middleman	tarpininkas
middleweight	vidutinio svorio
midget	midget
midland	Midlandas
midlife	midlife
midline	vidurinė linija
midnight	vidurnaktis
midshipman	Midshipman
midst	viduryje
midsummer	vasaros sezonas
midterm	vidurinis laikotarpis
midtown	midtown
midway	viduryje
midwife	akušerė
midwifery	akušerija
mien	NO TRANSLATION
miffed	Miffed
mighty	galingas
mignon	Mignon
migraine	migrena
migrate	migruoti
migration	migracija
migratory	migruojantis
mike	Maikas
mil	NO TRANSLATION
mild	švelnus
mildew	miltligė
mildness	švelnumas
mile	mylios
mileage	rida
milestone	etapas
militant	kareivis
militants	kovotojai
military	kariuomenė
militia	milicija
milk	pienas
milkman	pienininkė
milkshake	Milkshake
milky	pieniškas
mill	malūnas
millennium	tūkstantmetis
milligram	miligramas
millimeter	milimetras
million	mln
millionaire	milijonierius
millionth	mln
millstone	girnaklis
mime	mime
mimic	imituoti
mimicking	imituoti
mimicry	mimicry
mince	menkė
mincemeat	mincemeat
mind	protas
minded	mąstantis
mindful	įsimenamas
mindfulness	žvilgsnis
mindless	beprasmis
mine	mano
minefield	mano laukas
miner	miner
mineral	mineralinis
mineralogy	mineralogija
mingle	susimaišyti
mingled	sumaišytas
mini	mini
miniature	miniatiūrinė
minibus	mikroautobusas
minim	NO TRANSLATION
minimal	minimalus
minimize	sumažinti iki minimumo
minimized	sumažintas
minimum	minimumas
mining	kasyba
minion	pakalikas
minister	ministras
ministerial	ministerijos
ministry	ministerija
minivan	mikroautobusas
mink	ąsotis
minnow	minnow
minor	nepilnametis
minority	mažuma
minstrel	minstrel
mint	mėtų
minty	minty
minuscule	minuscule
minute	minutė
minutiae	minutiae
minx	minx
mir	NO TRANSLATION
miracle	stebuklas
miracles	stebuklai
miraculous	stebuklingas
mirage	Miražas
mire	NO TRANSLATION
mirror	veidrodis
mirth	ramybė
misappropriation	pasisavinimas
misbehave	blogai elgtis
misbehavior	neteisingas elgesys
miscalculation	klaidingas apskaičiavimas
miscarriage	persileidimas
miscellaneous	įvairūs
miscellany	įvairialypė medžiaga
mischief	pyktis
mischievous	bjaurus
misconception	klaidingas supratimas
misconduct	nusižengimas
misdemeanor	misdemeanor
misdirection	klaidinga kryptis
miser	gudrus
miserable	apgailėtinas
miserably	apgailėtinai
misery	nelaimė
misfire	uždegimas
misfit	netinkamas
misfortune	nelaimė
misguided	NO TRANSLATION
mishap	nesėkmė
misinformed	dezinformuota
misinterpretation	neteisingas supratimas
mislead	klaidinti
misleading	klaidinantis
misled	apgaulingas
mismanagement	netinkamas valdymas
mismatch	neatitikimas
mismatched	nesuderinta
misnomer	klaidingas vardas
misplace	klaidinga vieta
misplaced	netinkamas
misread	neteisingai supratau
misrepresent	klaidinga informacija
misrepresentation	klaidinga informacija
misrepresented	klaidingai pateikta
miss	praleisti
missile	raketa
missiles	raketos
missing	dingęs
missingyou	NO TRANSLATION
mission	misija
missionary	misionierius
misspell	klaidinga tvirtinimas
misstatement	iškraipymas
missy	Misija
mist	rūkas
mistake	klaida
mistaken	klaidinga
mister	ponas
mistletoe	omarai
mistreated	blogai elgiamasi
mistress	šeimininkė
mistrial	mistrial
mistrust	nepasitikėjimas
misty	miglotas
misunderstand	neteisingai supratau
misunderstanding	nesusipratimas
misunderstood	nesuprastas
misuse	piktnaudžiavimas
mite	erkė
miter	mitra
mitigate	sušvelninti
mitigating	švelninti
mitigation	sušvelninimas
mitt	mitt
mitten	NO TRANSLATION
mitzvah	mitzvah
mix	sumaišyti
mixed	sumaišytas
mixedemotions	Įvairios emocijos
mixer	maišytuvas
mixture	mišinys
mnemonic	mnemoniškas
moan	moan
moat	griovys
mob	mob
mobile	mobilus
mobility	mobilumas
mobilization	mobilizacija
mobilize	mobilizuoti
mobster	mobsteris
mocha	Mocha
mock	išdidus
mocked	išmėgintas
mockery	pasityčiojimas
mocking	išminkimas
mockingbird	Strazdas giesmininkas
mod	mod
modal	modalas
modality	būdas
mode	režimas
model	modelis
modeler	modeliuotojas
modeling	modeliavimas
modem	modemas
moderate	vidutiniškas
moderate anticipation	vidutiniškas laukimas
moderate disgust	vidutiniškas pasibjaurėjimas
moderate negative	vidutiniškai neigiamas
moderate positive	vidutiniškai teigiamas
moderate surprise	vidutiniškas siurprizas
moderate trust	vidutinis pasitikėjimas
moderately	vidutiniškai
moderating	moderuoja
moderation	moderacija
moderator	moderatorius
modern	modernus
modernism	modernizmas
modest	kuklus
modesty	kuklumas
modicum	modicum
modifiable	modifikuojama
modification	modifikacija
modified	modifikuotas
modify	keisti
modulate	moduliuoti
modulation	moduliavimas
module	modulis
modulus	modulis
mogul	magas
moiety	frazė
moist	drėgnas
moisture	drėgmė
moisturizer	drėkinamasis kremas
molar	molinis
molasses	melasa
mold	pelėsiai
molded	formuoti
molding	liejimas
moldy	moldy
mole	molis
molecular	molekulinė
molecule	molekulė
molest	kankinti
molestation	tvirkinimas
molester	molesteris
molten	išlydyta
mom	mama
moment	momentas
momentary	trumpalaikis
momentous	svarbus
momentum	impulsas
momma	mama
mommy	mamytė
monad	monadas
monarch	monarchas
monarchy	monarchija
monastery	vienuolynas
monastic	vienuolis
monetary	piniginis
money	pinigai
mongoloid	mongolidas
mongoose	Mangoze
mongrel	Mongrelis
monitor	stebėti
monk	vienuolis
monkey	beždžionė
mono	NO TRANSLATION
monochrome	monochrominis
monogamous	monogamous
monogamy	monogamija
monogram	monograma
monogrammed	monograma
monograph	monografija
monolayer	monosluoksnis
monolith	monolitas
monologue	monologas
monopolist	monopolistas
monopoly	monopolija
monotonous	monotoniškas
monotony	monotonija
monoxide	monoksidas
monsieur	Monsieur
monsoon	musonas
monster	monstras
monstrosity	monstrosity
monstrous	siaubingas
montage	montavimas
monte	monte
month	mėnuo
monthly	kas mėnesį
monument	paminklas
monumental	monumentalus
moo	moo
mooch	mooch
mood	nuotaika
moods	nuotaikos
moody	paniuręs
moon	mėnulis
moonbeam	moonbeam
moonlight	mėnulio šviesa
moonlit	moonlit
moonshine	mėnulis
moonstruck	moonstruck
moonwalk	moonwalk
moor	Pelkė
moored	švartuotas
mooring	švartavimas
moorings	švartavimosi vietos
moorland	Moorland
moose	briedis
moot	tvirtas
mooted	mooted
mop	mopas
mope	mopsas
moped	mopedas
moral	moralinis
morale	moralė
morality	moralė
morals	moralės
morass	siaubas
moratorium	moratoriumas
moray	morėja
morbid	blogas
morbidity	sergamumas
morbidness	sergamumas
mores	pomėgiai
morgue	Morgas
moribund	miršta
morn	rytoj
morning	rytas
moron	Kvailys
moronic	moroninis
morose	gilus
morph	morfas
morphine	morfinas
morphism	morfizmas
morphology	morfologija
morrow	rytojaus diena
morsel	kumpis
mortal	mirtingasis
mortality	mirtingumas
mortar	skiedinys
mortgage	hipoteka
mortgagee	hipoteka
mortgagor	paskolos gavėjas
mortician	mortikas
mortification	sunaikinimas
mortified	susierzinęs
mortuary	mortuaras
mosaic	mozaika
mosey	Mosey
mosque	mečetė
mosquito	uodai
moss	samanos
mossy	samanų
mote	NO TRANSLATION
motel	motelis
moth	drugys
mother	motina
motherfucker	zodziai
motherfucking	bėgantis
motherhood	motinystė
motherland	tėvynė
motherless	be motinos
motherly	motinai
motif	motyvas
motion	judėjimas
motionless	nejudamai
motivate	motyvuoti
motivating	motyvuojantis
motivation	motyvacija
motivational	motyvacinis
motive	motyvas
motley	keptas
motor	variklis
motorbike	motociklas
motorboat	kateris
motorcade	korpusas
motorcar	automobilis
motorcycle	motociklas
motorist	vairuotojas
motte	motte
mottled	rausva
motto	devizas
mould	pelėsiai
mound	piliakalnis
mount	kalnas
mountain	kalnas
mountaineer	alpinistas
mountainous	kalnuotas
mountains	kalnai
mountaintop	kalno viršūnė
mourn	gedėti
mournful	gedulingas
mourning	gedulas
mouse	pelė
mousetrap	peilis
mousse	Mousse
moustache	ūsai
mousy	mousy
mouth	Burna
mouthful	gurkšnis
mouthpiece	kandiklis
mouthwash	burnos skalavimo priemonė
movable	kilnojamasis
move	judėti
movement	judėjimas
mover	vežėjas
movie	filmas
movies	filmai
moving	juda
movingforward	NO TRANSLATION
movingon	movingon
mow	pjauti
mower	vejapjovė
moxie	moxie
mozzarella	mozzarella
mri	mri
muchneeded	NO TRANSLATION
mucis	NO TRANSLATION
muck	muck
mucked	matau
mucous	gleivinė
mucus	gleivės
mud	purvas
muddle	supainioti
muddled	sumaišytas
muddy	purvinas
muff	mufas
muffin	keksas
muffled	paslėpta
muffler	duslintuvas
mug	puodelis
mugger	mušamasis
mulberry	šilkmedžio
mulch	mulčias
mule	muulas
mull	malkas
mullet	kepta
multilateral	daugiašalis
multimedia	multimedija
multinational	tarptautinė
multiple	daugkartinis
multiple sclerosis	išsėtinė sklerozė
multiplex	multipleksas
multiplication	daugyba
multiplicity	daugybė
multiplied	padauginta
multiplier	daugiklis
multiply	padauginti
multitude	daugybė
mum	mama
mumble	mumble
mumbo	mumbo
mummy	mama
mumps	kiaulytė
munch	munch
munchies	munchies
munchkin	Mazylis, maziukas
mundane	pasaulietinis
municipal	savivaldybė
municipality	savivaldybė
mural	freska
murder	nužudymas
murderer	žudikas
murderess	nužudymas
murderous	nužudantis
murky	siauras
murmur	murmurs
muscle	raumenys
muscular	raumeningas
muse	muse
muses	muses
museum	muziejus
mush	NO TRANSLATION
mushroom	grybai
mushy	mushy
music	muzika
musical	muzikinis
musician	muzikantas
musing	musing
musk	muskusas
musket	muskusas
musketeer	Musketeer
muskrat	muskratas
muslin	muslinas
muss	NO TRANSLATION
must	privalo
mustang	Mustangas
mustard	garstyčios
muster	susirinkimas
musty	purvinas
mutable	keičiamas
mutant	mutantas
mutate	mutuoti
mutation	mutacija
mute	nutildyti
muted	nutildytas
mutilate	sužaloti
mutilated	sugadintas
mutilation	žalojimas
mutiny	maištas
mutt	mutt
mutter	NO TRANSLATION
mutton	aviena
mutual	abipusis
mutually	abipusis
muzzle	snukis
myfavorite	Mano mėgstamiausias
myopia	trumparegystė
myopic	trumparegystė
myriad	daugybė
mysterious	mįslingas
mystery	paslaptis
mystic	mistikas
mystical	mistinis
mysticism	misticizmas
mystified	paslaptingas
mystique	mistika
myth	mitas
mythic	mitinis
mythical	mitinis
mythological	mitologinis
mythology	mitologija
nab	nab
nacho	Nacho
nada	NO TRANSLATION
nadir	nadir
nag	NO TRANSLATION
nail	vinis
nail gun	vinių šautuvas
naive	naivus
naked	nuogas
nakedness	nuogumas
namaste	NO TRANSLATION
name	vardas
named	pavadintas
nameless	bevardis
namesake	vardas
naming	įvardijimas
nana	nana
nanny	auklės
nanometer	nanometras
nap	nap
napalm	napalmas
nape	nape
napkin	servetėlis
napping	napping
nappy	vystyklai
narcissism	narcizas
narcissist	narcizas
narcissistic	narciziškas
narcotic	narkotinis
narrate	pasakoti
narration	pasakojimas
narrative	pasakojimas
narrator	pasakotojas
narrow	siaura
narrowing	susiaurėja
nasal	nosis
nascent	kylantis
nasty	bjaurus
natal	gimdymo metu
nation	tauta
national	nacionalinis
nationality	Tautybė
nationwide	visoje šalyje
native	gimtoji
nativity	gimimo diena
natural	natūralus
natural gas	gamtinių dujų
naturalist	gamtininkas
naturalization	naturalizacija
naturalized	natūralizuotas
naturally	natūraliai
nature	gamta
naught	nieko
naughty	neklaužada
nausea	pykinimas
nauseate	nauseate
nauseating	nuovargis
nauseous	niežulys
nautical	jūrinis
nautilus	nautilus
naval	jūrų laivynas
nave	nave
navel	bambukas
navigable	plaukiojantis
navigate	Rodyti kelią
navigation	navigacija
navigational	navigacinė
navigator	navigatorius
navy	karinis jūrų laivynas
nay	NO TRANSLATION
nearsighted	trumparegis
neat	tvarkingas
neatly	tvarkingai
nebula	tūslė
nebulae	tuštumos
nebulous	purvinas
necessarily	būtinai
necessary	būtina
necessitate	būtinas
necessities	reikmenys
necessity	būtinybė
neck	kaklas
necklace	karoliai
necktie	kaklarota
necromancer	necromancer
necrosis	nekrozė
nectar	nektaras
need	reikia
needalife	NO TRANSLATION
needed	reikia
needful	reikalingas
needit	NO TRANSLATION
needle	adata
needlepoint	Needlepoint
needles	adatos
needless	nereikalingas
needtoknow	reikia žinoti
needtorelax	NO TRANSLATION
needy	vargšas
nefarious	blogas
negation	negacija
negative	neigiamas
negativity	negatyvumas
neglect	nepaisyti
neglected	nepastebėta
neglecting	nepaisant
negligee	Negligee
negligence	aplaidumas
negligent	aplaidumas
negligently	NO TRANSLATION
negligible	nereikšmingas
negotiable	apyvartinis
negotiate	derėtis
negotiation	derybos
negotiator	derybininkas
negro	negra
neigh	kaimas
neighbor	kaimynas
neighborhood	kaimynystėje
neighboring	kaimyninis
nemesis	nemesis
neon	neonas
neonatal	naujagimis
neophyte	Neophyte
neoprene	neoprenas
nephew	sūnėnas
nepotism	nepotizmas
nerd	nerd
nerdy	nerdy
nerve	nervas
nerves	nervus
nervous	nervingas
nervousness	nervingumas
nervouswreck	NO TRANSLATION
nervy	NO TRANSLATION
ness	ness
nest	lizdas
nestle	nestle
nestling	nestling
net	neto
nether	netgi
netting	užskaitos
nettle	dilgėlė
network	tinklas
networking	tinklas
neural	nervinis
neuralgia	neuralgija
neurological	neurologinis
neurologist	neurologas
neurology	neurologija
neurosis	neurozė
neurosurgeon	neurochirurgas
neurosurgery	neurochirurgija
neurotic	neurotiškas
neuter	neuter
neutral	neutralus
neutrality	neutralumas
neutralize	neutralizuoti
neutron	neutronas
new	naujas
new age	Naujasis amžius
newbeginnings	NO TRANSLATION
newborn	naujagimis
newcomer	naujokas
newday	nauja diena
newfound	naujokas
newjob	NO TRANSLATION
newlife	naujas gyvenimas
newly	naujai
newlywed	naujokas
newme	naujiena
newness	naujumas
news	žinios
newscast	newscast
newscaster	žurnalistas
newsflash	newsflash
newsletter	informacinis biuletenis
newsman	žurnalistas
newspaper	laikraštis
newspaperman	naujienlaiškis
newsreel	kinematografija
newsroom	naujienų kambarys
newsstand	laikraštinis stendas
newstart	nauja pradžia
newt	Newt
newyear	NO TRANSLATION
nexus	Nexus
nib	nib
nibble	nibble
nice	gražus
niche	niša
nichts	NO TRANSLATION
nick	nikas
nickel	nikelis
nickname	slapyvardis
nicotine	nikotinas
niece	dukterėčia
nifty	gražus
nigger	nigger
nigh	arti
night	naktis
nightcap	naktinis kapas
nightclub	naktinis klubas
nightfall	naktį
nightgown	naktiniai marškiniai
nightie	nightie
nightingale	liežuvis
nightlife	naktinis gyvenimas
nightly	naktį
nightmare	košmaras
nightmares	košmarai
nightstand	naktiniai staleliai
nightstick	nightstick
nighttime	naktis
nihilism	nihilizmas
nil	nulis
nimble	bjaurus
nimrod	Nimrod
nincompoop	nincompoop
nine	devyni
nineteen	devyniolika
ninety	devyniasdešimt
ninja	ninja
ninny	ninny
nintendo	nintendo
ninth	devinta
nip	nip
nipper	niper
nipple	spenelis
nippy	niūrus
nitrate	nitratas
nitro	nitro
nitrogen	azotas
nitrous	azotas
nitwit	nitwit
nix	nix
no anticipation	jokio laukimo
no disgust	jokio pasibjaurėjimo
no emotion	jokios emocijos
no sentiment	nėra nuotaikos
no surprise	jokio siurprizo
no trust	jokio pasitikėjimo
nobility	bajorai
noble	kilnus
nobleman	bajoras
nobodycares	NO TRANSLATION
nocomplaints	NO TRANSLATION
nocturnal	naktinis
nod	Kite
nodding	pamokymas
node	mazgas
nodular	mezginis
nodule	mazgelis
noggin	Noggin
nohope	NO TRANSLATION
noir	noir
noise	triukšmas
noisy	triukšmingas
nomad	nomadas
nomadic	nešiojamasis
nomenclature	nomenklatūra
nominal	nominali
nominate	nominuoti
nomination	nominacija
nominee	kandidatas
nonce	nesvarbu
nonchalant	neskausmingas
noncompliance	nesilaikymas
nondescript	neskaičiuojamas
nonexistent	nėra
nonfat	nefat
nonfiction	mokslas
nonpayment	neapmokėjimas
nonresident	nerezidentas
nonsense	nesąmonė
nonsensical	absurdiškas
nonviolent	nežalinga
noob	Naujokas
noodle	makaronai
nook	kiemas
noon	vidurdienis
noose	kanalas
nopoint	NO TRANSLATION
noregrets	NO TRANSLATION
norm	norma
normal	normalus
normalcy	normalus
normality	normalumas
north	Šiaurė
northbound	į šiaurę
northeast	šiaurės rytuose
northern	šiaurėje
northwest	Šiaurės vakarai
northwestern	šiaurės vakarus
noschool	NO TRANSLATION
nose	nosis
nosebleed	nosies kraujavimas
nosey	smalsus
nosnow	nosnow
nostalgia	nostalgija
nostalgic	nostalgiškas
nostress	NO TRANSLATION
nostril	šnerves
nosun	NO TRANSLATION
nosy	smalsus
not negative	neigiamas
not positive	ne teigiamas
notable	pastebimas
notables	žinomi žmonės
notably	ypač
notamorningperson	NO TRANSLATION
notary	notaras
notation	žymėjimas
notch	nelygus
notched	išpjovos
note	pastaba
notebook	nešiojamasis kompiuteris
noted	pažymėta
noteworthy	Pažymėtina
nothappy	NO TRANSLATION
nothingbetter	NO TRANSLATION
nothingness	nieko
notice	pastebėti
noticeable	pastebimas
notification	pranešimas
notify	pranešti
notion	sąvoka
notional	sąlyginė
notoriety	žinomumas
notorious	žinomas
notready	nepasirengusi
notwithstanding	nepaisant to
nought	nieko
noun	daiktavardis
nourish	maitina
nourishment	mityba
nouveau	NO TRANSLATION
novel	romanas
novelist	romanistas
novelty	naujovė
novice	naujokas
nowadays	šiandien
nowork	jokio darbo
noworries	nesijaudink
noxious	kenksmingas
nozzle	antgalis
nuance	niuansas
nuances	niuansai
nuclear	branduolinis
nucleus	branduolys
nude	nuogas
nudge	stumtelėti
nudie	nudie
nudist	nudistų
nudity	nuogumas
nugget	nugget
nuisance	nemalonumas
nuke	nuke
nul	NO TRANSLATION
null	null
nullify	atšaukti
numb	numb
number	numeris
numbering	numeravimas
numbers	numeriai
numbness	tirpimas
numbskull	numbskull
numeral	skaitmuo
numerator	skaitiklis
numerical	skaitmeninis
numerically	skaitmenimis
numerous	gausus
nun	NO TRANSLATION
nunchucks	nunchucks
nunnery	moterys
nuptials	draugiukai
nurse	slaugytoja
nursemaid	slaugytojas
nursery	darželis
nursing	slauga
nurture	ugdyti
nut	riešutas
nutcase	ryklys
nutcracker	riešutai
nuthouse	nuthouse
nutmeg	muskato riešutas
nutrition	mityba
nutritional	mityba
nutritious	maistingas
nutritive	maistinga medžiaga
nuts	riešutai
nutshell	trumpai
nutty	saldainis
nylon	nailonas
nylong	NO TRANSLATION
nylons	nailonai
nymph	nimfa
nymphomaniac	nymphomaniac
oaf	oafas
oak	ąžuolas
oar	oras
oasis	oazė
oat	avižos
oath	priesaika
oatmeal	avižiniai dribsniai
obedience	paklusnumas
obedient	paklusnus
obediently	paklusniai
obelisk	obeliskas
obese	nutukusi
obesity	nutukimas
obey	paklusk
obi	obi
obit	obit
obituary	netikras
object	objektas
objection	prieštaravimas
objectionable	nepagrįstas
objective	tikslas
objectivity	objektyvumas
obligation	įsipareigojimas
obligatory	privalomas
oblige	įpareigoti
obliged	privalomas
obliging	privalomas
obligor	įsipareigojantis asmuo
oblique	įstrižai
obliterate	sunaikinti
obliterated	sunaikinta
obliteration	obliteracija
oblivion	užmarštis
oblivious	pamiršau
oblong	pailgos
obnoxious	nemalonus
oboe	oboe
obscene	nepadorus
obscenity	nešvankumas
obscure	neaiškus
obscured	neaiškus
obscurity	nežinomybė
observance	laikymasis
observant	stebėtinas
observation	stebėjimas
observatory	Observatorija
observe	stebėkite
observer	stebėtojas
observing	stebėdamas
obsess	apsimesti
obsessed	apsėstas
obsessing	apsėstas
obsession	manija
obsessive	obsesinis
obsolescence	senėjimas
obsolete	pasenusi
obstacle	kliūtis
obstetrician	akušeris
obstetrics	akušerija
obstinate	užsispyręs
obstruct	trukdyti
obstruction	obstrukcija
obstructive	obstrukcinis
obtain	gauti
obtainable	gaunamas
obtuse	bukas
obverse	aversas
obvious	aiškus
ocarina	okarina
occasion	proga
occasional	kartais
occasionally	retkarčiais
occipital	užpakalis
occlusion	okliuzija
occult	okultas
occupancy	užimtumas
occupant	keleivis
occupation	okupacija
occupational	profesinis
occupied	užimtas
occupier	okupuotojas
occupy	užimti
occupying	užimantis
occur	atsirasti
occurrence	įvykis
ocd	ocd
ocean	vandenynas
oceanic	okeaninis
octagon	aštuonkampis
octave	oktavas
octopus	aštuonkojai
ocular	akies
odd	keista
oddball	keistuolis
oddity	keista
odds	šansai
ode	Oda
odious	bjaurus
odometer	odometras
odor	kvapas
odyssey	odisėja
oedipal	oedipal
oestrogen	estrogenas
oeuvre	NO TRANSLATION
offal	subproduktai
offence	nusikaltimas
offend	įžeisti
offended	įžeistas
offender	nusikaltėlis
offense	nusikaltimas
offensive	agresyvus
offer	pasiūlymas
offered	pasiūlytas
offering	pasiūlymas
offhand	išjungtas
office	biuras
officer	pareigūnas
offices	biurai
official	pareigūnas
officiate	dirbti
offing	išsiveržimas
offload	iškrauti
offset	kompensuoti
offshoot	atšaka
offshore	atviroje jūroje
offside	offside
offspring	palikuonys
oft	oft
oftentimes	dažnai
ogre	Oglė
ohdear	NO TRANSLATION
ohgod	NO TRANSLATION
ohno	ohno
ohshit	NO TRANSLATION
oil	aliejus
oils	alyvos
oily	riebi
oink	oink
ointment	tepalas
okra	okra
old	senas
olden	senas
older	vyresni
oldie	senoji
oldies	seniai
olfactory	uoslės
oligarchy	oligarchija
olive	alyvuogių
omega	Omega
omelet	Omletas
omen	pranašai
omgomgomg	NO TRANSLATION
ominous	žiaurus
omission	praleidimas
omit	praleisti
omitted	praleistas
omnibus	omnibus
omnipotence	visagalis
omnipotent	visagalis
omnipresent	visur
omniscient	žinomas
onboard	laive
oncologist	onkologas
oncology	onkologija
oncoming	artėja
one	vienas
oneday	NO TRANSLATION
onedge	ant krašto
onelove	viena meilė
oneness	vienybė
onerous	apsunkintas
oneself	save
ongoing	vyksta
onion	svogūnai
onset	pradžia
onslaught	įpuolimas
onstage	scenoje
ontology	ontologija
onus	onus
onward	toliau
onyx	oniksas
oodles	oodles
oomph	oomph
ooze	šilti
oozing	oozing
op	op
opacity	neskaidrumas
opal	opalas
opaque	nepermatomas
ope	ope
open	atviras
opener	atidarytuvas
opening	atidarymas
openly	atvirai
openness	atvirumas
opera	opera
operate	dirbti
operatic	opera
operation	operacija
operational	operacinis
operations	operacijas
operative	operatyvus
operator	operatorius
ophthalmic	oftalmologas
ophthalmologist	oftalmologas
opiate	Opiat
opinion	nuomonė
opinionated	patyręs
opium	opiumas
opponent	priešininkas
opportune	tinkamas
opportunism	oportunizmas
opportunity	galimybė
oppose	priešintis
opposed	priešinosi
opposing	priešintis
opposite	priešingas
opposites	priešingybės
opposition	opozicija
oppress	prispausti
oppressed	prispaustas
oppression	priespauda
oppressive	slegiantis
oppressor	prispaudėjas
ops	ops
opt	pasirinkimas
optic	optinis
optical	optinis
optics	optika
optimism	optimizmas
optimist	optimistas
optimistic	optimistiškas
optimum	optimalus
option	pasirinkimas
optional	neprivaloma
optionally	pasirinktinai
options	galimybės
optometrist	optometras
opulence	turtingumas
opulent	puikus
opus	opusas
oracle	orakulas
oral	žodžiu
orange	oranžinė
orange juice	apelsinų sultys
orangutan	orangutanas
oration	oracija
orator	oratorius
oratory	oratorija
orb	orb
orbit	Orbita
orbital	orbitalas
orbiting	orbita
orbs	orbs
orc	orc
orchard	vaisių sodas
orchestra	orkestras
orchid	orchidėja
ordained	ordinuotas
ordeal	išbandymas
order	įsakymas
orderly	tvarkingai
ordinance	potvarkis
ordinary	paprastas
ordination	ordinas
ordnance	amunicija
ore	rūdos
oregano	raudonėlis
organ	organas
organic	ekologiškas
organism	organizmas
organist	organistas
organization	organizacija
organize	organizuoti
organized	organizuotas
organizer	organizatorius
orgasm	orgazmas
orgies	orgazijos
orgy	orgazija
orient	orientuotis
oriental	rytietiškas
orientation	orientacija
orifice	diafragma
origami	origami
origin	kilmė
original	originalus
originality	originalumas
originate	kilusi
origination	atsiradimas
originator	iniciatorius
ornament	ornamentu
ornamental	dekoratyvinis
ornamentation	ornamentu
ornamented	ornamentuotas
ornate	ornate
ornery	ornery
orphan	našlaitis
orphanage	našlaičių namai
orphaned	našlaičiai
orthodontist	ortodontas
orthodox	ortodoksas
orthodoxy	ortodoksija
orthogonal	ortogonalas
orthopedic	ortopedinis
oscillate	svyruojasi
oscillating	svyruojantis
oscillation	virpesiai
oscillatory	svyruojantis
ostensible	tariamas
ostensibly	tariamai
ostentatious	pasirodantis
ostracized	ostracizuotas
ostrich	strutis
other	kita
otter	ūdra
otto	Otto
ottoman	ottoman
ought	reikia
ounce	uncija
oust	išstumti
outage	išjungti
outback	atokvėpis
outbid	pervertink
outboard	laivagalvis
outbreak	protrūkis
outburst	sprogimas
outcast	apleistas
outcome	rezultatas
outcry	protestas
outdated	pasenusi
outdo	pralenkti
outdoor	lauke
outdoors	lauke
outer	išorinis
outfit	apranga
outgoing	išeinantis
outgrow	išaugti
outgrowth	išaugimas
outhouse	lauko namai
outing	išvykimas
outlandish	svetimas
outlast	praeiti
outlaw	neteisėta
outlet	lizdas
outline	kontūrai
outlines	kontūrai
outlive	išgyventi
outlook	perspektyva
outlying	šalia
outnumber	viršija skaičių
outpatient	ambulatorinis
outpost	forpostas
outpouring	išpūtimas
output	produkcija
outrage	pasipiktinimas
outraged	pasipiktinęs
outrageous	pasipiktinęs
outrank	pranoksta
outreach	informavimas
outright	atviras
outrun	viršijimas
outset	pradžia
outsider	pašalietis
outskirts	priemiesčiai
outsmart	pergudrauti
outspoken	atviras
outstanding	išskirtinis
outstretched	ištemptas
outward	į išorę
outwards	į išorę
outweigh	nusveria
outwit	pergalingas
oval	ovalus
ovary	kiaušidės
ovate	ovalus
ovation	ovacija
oven	orkaitė
overactive	pernelyg aktyvus
overall	bendrai
overalls	kombinezonai
overbearing	valdomas
overburden	perkrautas
overcast	per naktį
overcharged	perkrauta
overcoat	paltai
overcome	įveikti
overcoming	įveikti
overcrowded	perpildyta
overdo	persidaryti
overdose	perdozavimas
overdrive	overdrive
overdue	pavėluotas
overestimate	pervertinti
overestimated	pervertintas
overflow	perpildymas
overflowing	perpildyta
overgrown	užaugo
overgrowth	peraugti
overhanging	overhanging
overhaul	kapitalinis remontas
overhead	pridėtinės išlaidos
overhear	pergirsti
overheated	perkaitimo
overjoyed	labai džiaugėsi
overkill	overkill
overlaid	padengtas
overlap	persidengia
overlapping	sutapimas
overlay	perdanga
overload	perkrovos
overlook	pamiršti
overlord	viršininkas
overlying	viršijantis
overpaid	permokėta
overpass	eismas
overplayed	perpildytas
overpower	pralenkti
overpowering	pergalingas
overpriced	pervertintas
overprotective	overprotective
overrated	pervertintas
overreact	per daug reaguoti
override	nepaisyti
overriding	svarbiausias
overrule	atšaukti
overrun	viršijimas
oversee	prižiūrėti
overseer	prižiūrėtojas
overshadow	užpūsti
oversight	priežiūra
oversized	negabaritinis
overslept	overslept
overstate	pervertinti
overstock	perteklius
overt	atvira
overtake	apeiti
overtaken	apiplėšė
overthemoon	NO TRANSLATION
overthinker	pervertintojas
overthinking	pervertintas
overthrow	nuversti
overtime	su laiku
overtired	persidengė
overture	Uvertija
overturn	apeiti
overview	apžvalga
overweight	antsvorio
overwhelm	priblokšti
overwhelmed	priblokštas
overwhelming	didžiulis
overworked	perkrautas
overwrought	overwrought
overzealous	overzealous
owe	skolingi
owing	dėl to
owl	pelėdos
owner	savininkas
ownership	nuosavybė
ox	Jautis
oxidation	oksidacija
oxide	oksidas
oxygen	deguonis
oxymoron	oksimoronas
oyster	austriukas
ozone	ozonas
pace	tempas
pacemaker	širdies stimuliatorius
pacific	Ramiojo vandenyno regionas
pacified	atsipalaidavęs
pacifier	ramunėlė
pacifist	pacifistas
pacify	minkšti
pacing	vaikščiojimas
pack	paketas
package	paketas
packaging	pakuotė
packer	pakuotojas
packet	paketas
pact	paktas
pad	padas
padded	padengtas
padding	pamušalas
paddle	irklas
paddle boat	irklas
paddock	paddock
paddy	paddy
padlock	spintelė
padre	NO TRANSLATION
paean	Paean
pagan	pagoniškas
paganism	pagonybė
page	puslapis
pageant	pasirodymas
pager	peidžeris
pagination	puslapių išdėstymas
paging	ieškos būdas
pagoda	pagoda
pail	bake
pain	skausmas
pained	kankina
painful	skausmingas
painfully	skausmingai
painkiller	skausmą malšinantis vaistas
painless	neskausminga
pains	skausmai
painstaking	kruopštus
paint	dažyti
paintball	dažasvydis
paintbrush	teptukas
painted	dažytos
painter	dailininkas
painting	tapyba
pair	pora
paisley	Paisley
pajama	pižama
pajamas	pižamos
pal	bičiulis
palace	rūmai
palatable	skanus
palate	gomurys
pale	blyškus
paleontology	paleontologija
palette	paletė
pall	Pall
palladium	paladis
pallet	padėklas
palliative	paliatyvus
palm	delnas
palmer	Palmeras
palomino	Palominas
palpable	apčiuopiamas
palpitations	širdies plakimas
palsy	paralyžius
paltry	nelygus
pamper	palinkėti
pamphlet	brošiūra
pan	pan
panacea	panacėja
panache	panache
pancake	blynas
pancakes	blynai
pancreas	kasa
panda	panda
pandemic	pandemija
pandemonium	pandemoniumas
pane	langas
panel	skydas
pang	NO TRANSLATION
panhandle	panhandle
panic	panika
panicattack	NO TRANSLATION
panicked	panikuoti
panicking	panikos
panicky	panicky
panier	NO TRANSLATION
panorama	panorama
panoramic	panoraminis
pansy	Pansy
pant	alsuoti
pantheon	panteonas
panther	panther
panties	kelnaitės
pantomime	pantomima
pantry	sandėliukas
pants	kelnės
panty	kelnaitės
pantyhose	pėdkelnės
pap	pap
papa	papa
papacy	popiežius
papal	NO TRANSLATION
papaya	papaja
paper	popierius
paperback	minkštas popierius
paperboy	paperboy
paperweight	popierinis svoris
paperwork	dokumentų tvarkymas
paprika	paprika
papyrus	papirusas
par	NO TRANSLATION
parable	palyginimas
parabola	parabola
parabolic	parabolinis
parachute	parašiutas
parade	paradas
paradigm	paradigma
paradise	rojus
paradox	paradoksas
paradoxical	paradoksalus
paraffin	parafinas
paragon	paragonas
paragraph	pastraipa
parakeet	parakeet
paralegal	paralegalas
parallax	paralaksas
parallel	lygiagrečiai
parallelism	paralelizmas
paralysis	paralyžius
paralyze	paralyžiuoti
paralyzed	paralyžiuotas
paramedic	paramedikas
paramedics	paramedikai
paramilitary	paramilitaristas
paramount	svarbiausia
paranoia	paranoja
paranoid	paranojikas
paranormal	paranormalus
parapet	parapet
paraphernalia	reikmenys
paraphrase	parafrazuoti
paraplegic	paraplegikas
parasite	parazitas
parasitic	parazitinis
parasol	skėtis nuo saulės
parcel	sklypas
parcels	sklypai
parched	išdžiovinta
parchment	pergamentas
pardon	atleisk man
pare	NO TRANSLATION
parenchyma	parenchyma
parent	tėvas
parentage	tėvystė
parental	tėvų
parenthesis	NO TRANSLATION
parenthetical	tęsiasi
parenthood	tėvystė
parenting	tėvystė
pariah	Išstumtas
parietal	parietalinis
paring	paring
parish	parapija
parity	paritetas
park	parkas
parka	parka
parking	automobilių stovėjimo aikštelė
parkinsons	Parkinsonai
parlance	kalbėjimas
parlay	parlay
parliament	parlamentas
parliamentary	parlamento rūmai
parlor	salonas
parmesan	parmesanas
parody	parodija
parole	išlaisvinimas
parquet	parketas
parrot	papūga
parry	parry
parse	analizuoti
parsimonious	parsimonious
parsimony	parsimony
parsley	petražolės
parson	keršytojas
part	dalis
partake	dalyvauti
partial	dalinis
partiality	dališkumas
partially	iš dalies
participant	dalyvis
participate	dalyvauti
participation	dalyvavimas
particle	dalelė
particular	ypač
particularity	ypatumas
particulars	duomenys
parting	atsipalaidavęs
partisan	partizaninis
partisanship	partizanystė
partition	pertvara
partly	iš dalies
partner	partneris
partnership	partnerystė
partridge	čiobreliai
parts	dalys
party	vakarėlis
pas	NO TRANSLATION
pass	praeiti
passable	priimtinas
passage	praėjimas
passageway	pravažiavimas
passe	NO TRANSLATION
passenger	keleivis
passim	NO TRANSLATION
passing	praeiti
passion	aistra
passionate	aistringas
passive	pasyvus
passivity	pasyvumas
passkey	passkey
passport	pasas
password	Slaptažodis
past	praeitis
pasta	makaronai
paste	įklijuoti
pastel	pastelė
pastime	laisvalaikis
pastor	pastorius
pastrami	pastrami
pastry	pyragas
pasture	ganykla
pasty	pastos
pat	pat
patch	pleistras
patchwork	pleistras
pate	pate
patella	patella
patent	patentas
patented	patentuota
paternal	tėvelis
paternity	tėvystė
path	kelias
pathetic	apgailėtina
pathological	patologinis
pathologist	patologas
pathology	patologija
pathos	NO TRANSLATION
pathway	kelias
patience	kantrybė
patient	pacientas
patio	terasa
patriarch	patriarchas
patriarchal	patriarchalinis
patrimony	paveldas
patriot	patriotas
patriotic	patriotinis
patriotism	patriotizmas
patrol	patrulis
patrolman	patrulis
patron	globėjas
patronage	globoja
patronising	globoja
patronize	globoja
patronizing	globoja
patter	patter
pattern	modelis
paucity	mažumas
pauper	pauper
pause	Pauzė
pave	pagaminti
pavement	grindinis
pavilion	paviljonas
paving	grindinio danga
paw	kaklas
pawn	pėstininkas
pawnshop	sendaikciu parduotuve
pax	pax
pay	sumokėti
payable	mokamas
payback	atsipirkimas
paycheck	paycheck
payday	darbo užmokesčio diena
payer	mokėtojas
payload	naudingoji apkrova
payment	mokėjimas
payoff	išmokėjimas
payout	išmokėjimas
payphone	taksofonas
payroll	darbo užmokestis
pea	žirnis
peace	ramybė
peaceable	taikus
peaceful	taikus
peacefully	ramiai
peacekeeper	taikos palaikymo pareigūnas
peaceofmind	NO TRANSLATION
peacetime	taikos metu
peach	persikas
peachy	persikų
peacock	Povas
peak	smailė
peaked	aukščiausias taškas
peanut	žemės riešutas
peanuts	riešutai
pear	kriaušė
pearl	perlas
pearly	perlis
peas	žirniai
peasant	valstietis
peat	durpės
pebble	akmenukas
pecan	pekanas
peck	keck
pecker	pecker
peculiar	savotiškas
peculiarities	ypatumai
peculiarity	ypatumas
peculiarly	ypatingai
pecuniary	piniginis
pedal	pedalas
pedantic	pedantiškas
peddle	prekiauti
peddler	prekybininkas
pedestal	pjedestalas
pedestrian	pėsčiųjų
pediatric	pediatrija
pediatrician	pediatras
pediatrics	pediatrija
pedicure	pedikiūras
pedigree	giminė
pedometer	žingsniamatis
pedophile	pedofilas
pee	ąsotis
peek	žvilgtelėti
peekaboo	kū kū
peel	nulupti
peep	žvilgsnis
peeper	peeper
peephole	auskaras
peer	peer
peering	peering
peerless	neprilygstamas
peeved	peeved
peg	paslėpti
pegs	vinys
peice	NO TRANSLATION
pelagic	pelaginis
pelican	pelikanas
pellet	granulė
pelvic	dubuo
pelvis	dubuo
pen	rašiklis
penal	baudžiamoji
penalty	bausmė
penance	atgaila
penchant	polinkis
pencil	pieštukas
pendant	pakabukas
pendency	nuolaidumas
pendent	NO TRANSLATION
pending	kol
pendulum	švytuoklė
penetrate	prasiskverbti
penetrating	prasiskverbiantis
penetration	įsiskverbimas
penguin	pingvinas
penicillin	penicilinas
penile	penis
peninsula	pusiasalis
penis	varpa
penitent	penitent
penitentiary	kalinimo įstaiga
penmanship	penmanship
pennant	vimpelis
penniless	beviltiška
penny	centas
pension	pensija
pensioner	pensininkas
pensive	mąstantis
pentagon	pentagonas
pentagram	pentagrama
penthouse	mansarda
penultimate	priešpaskutinis
people	žmonės
peopled	suaugęs
pep	pep
pepper	pipirai
peppermint	Pipirmėtis
pepperoni	pepperoni
peppy	tvirtas
peptic	rausva
peptide	peptidas
perceive	suvokti
percent	proc
percentage	procentas
percentile	procentilis
perceptible	pastebimas
perception	suvokimas
perceptive	žvilgsnis
perch	ešeriai
perchance	perchance
percolation	skystis
percussion	perkusija
perdition	žudymas
peremptory	imperatoriškas
perennial	daugiametis
perfect	puikus
perfection	tobulumas
perfectionist	perfekcionistas
perfecto	NO TRANSLATION
perforated	perforuotas
perforation	perforacija
perforce	perforcija
perform	atlikti
performance	spektaklis
performer	atlikėjas
perfume	Kvepalai
perfumed	aromatizuotas
peri	peri
peridot	peridotas
peril	pavojus
perilous	pavojingas
perimeter	perimetras
period	laikotarpis
periodic	periodiškas
periodical	periodinis leidinys
periodically	periodiškai
periodicity	periodiškumas
peripheral	periferinis
periphery	periferija
periscope	periskopas
perish	prarasti
perishable	greitai gendantis
perished	žuvo
perishing	žūva
perjury	liudinėjimas
perk	pasipriešinti
perky	žvalus
perm	perm
permanence	pastovumas
permanent	nuolatinis
permeable	pralaidus
permeate	prasiskverbti
permeation	prasiskverbimas
permissible	leidžiama
permission	leidimas
permissive	leidžiamas
permit	leidimas
permitted	leidžiama
permitting	leidimas
permutation	permutacija
pernicious	žalingas
peroxide	peroksidas
perpendicular	statmenai
perpetrate	įvykdyti
perpetrator	kaltininkas
perpetual	amžinai
perpetually	amžinai
perpetuate	įamžinti
perpetuation	išlaikymas
perpetuity	tęstinumas
perplexed	suglumęs
perplexing	susižavėjimas
perplexity	sumišimas
persecute	persekioti
persecution	persekiojimas
perseverance	atkaklumas
persevere	atkakliai
persist	išlieka
persistence	atkaklumas
persistent	nuolatinis
persisting	nuolatinis
person	asmuo
persona	NO TRANSLATION
personable	asmeniškai
personage	personažas
personal	Asmeninis
personality	asmenybė
personification	personifikacija
personnel	personalas
persons	asmenys
perspective	perspektyva
perspiration	prakaitavimas
persuade	įtikinti
persuasion	įtikinimas
persuasive	įtikinamai
pert	pert
pertinent	tinkamas
perturbation	pasipiktinimas
pertussis	kokliušo
perusal	Skaitymas
peruse	žiūrėk
pervading	pervadingas
perverse	kvailas
perversion	perversimas
pervert	iškrypėlis
perverted	iškraipytas
pesky	baisus
pessimism	pesimizmas
pessimist	pesimistas
pessimistic	pesimistiškas
pest	kenkėjas
pester	Pesteris
pestilence	maras
pestle	pestle
pesto	Pesto
pet	naminis gyvūnėlis
petal	žiedlapis
petite	mažas
petition	peticija
petitioner	peticijos pateikėjas
petloss	NO TRANSLATION
petpeeve	NO TRANSLATION
petrified	sustingęs
petrify	apleisti
petrol	benzinas
petroleum	naftos
petticoat	apatinis trikotažas
petting	malonumas
petty	mažas
petulant	liūdnasis
petunia	petunija
pew	žiotis
pewter	alavas
peyote	NO TRANSLATION
phalanx	phalanx
phantom	fantomas
pharaoh	faraonas
pharmaceutical	farmacinė
pharmacist	vaistininkas
pharmacology	farmakologija
pharmacy	vaistinė
phase	etapas
pheasant	fazanas
phenomenal	fenomenalus
phenomenon	reiškinys
pheromone	feromonas
phew	phew
phi	Phi
philanthropic	filantropija
philanthropist	filantropas
philanthropy	filantropija
philistine	apleistas
philosopher	filosofas
philosophic	filosofinis
philosophical	filosofinis
philosophy	filosofija
phlegm	skrepliai
pho	pho
phobia	fobija
phoenix	phoenix
phone	telefonas
phonetic	fonetinis
phonetics	fonetika
phonics	fonai
phonograph	fonograma
phonology	fonologija
phony	apgavikas
phooey	Phooey
phosphate	fosfatas
phosphor	fosforas
phosphorus	fosforas
photo	nuotrauka
photogenic	fotogeniškas
photograph	nuotrauka
photographer	Fotografas
photographic	fotografijos
photography	fotografija
photometry	fotometrija
photon	fotonas
phrase	frazė
phraseology	frazeologija
phylogeny	filogenija
physical	fizinis
physical therapist	kineziterapeutas
physician	gydytojas
physicist	fizikas
physics	fizika
physiological	fiziologinis
physiology	fiziologija
physique	kūno sudėjimas
pi	pi
pianist	pianistas
piano	fortepijonas
piazza	piazza
piccolo	NO TRANSLATION
pick	pasiimti
picked	paimtas
picker	rinktuvas
picket	piketas
picketing	piketavimas
pickle	marinuoti
pickled	marinuotas
pickpocket	kišenė
pickup	paimti
picky	smulkmeniškas
picnic	iškylai
pictorial	vaizdingas
picture	nuotrauka
pictures	nuotraukos
picturesque	vaizdingas
pie	pyragas
piece	gabalas
piecemeal	dalimis
pieceofshit	gabalasshit
pied	pied
pier	prieplauka
pierce	perverti
piety	pamaldumas
pig	kiaulė
pigeon	balandis
piggy	Piggy
piggyback	piggyback
pigheaded	kiaulės
piglet	paršelis
pigment	pigmentas
pigskin	kiaulė
pigsty	kiaulytė
pike	lydekos
pile	krūva
piles	poliai
pileup	kaupti
pilgrim	piligrimas
pilgrimage	piligrimystė
pill	pigułka
pillage	plėšimas
pillar	ramstis
pillbox	pillbox
pillow	pagalvė
pillowcase	pagalvėlė
pilot	pilotas
pimp	Pušis
pimple	spuogas
pin	pin
pinball	pinball
pinch	žiupsnelis
pinching	užspaudžiant
pine	pušis
pineapple	ananasai
ping	ping
pinhead	Pelės galva
pinhole	pinhole
pinion	krumpliaratis
pink	rožinis
pinkie	pinkie
pinnacle	pinnacle
pinot	pinot
pinpoint	tiksliai nurodykite
pint	pinti
pinto	pinto
pinup	Prisegti
pioneer	pionierius
pious	dievobaimingas
pip	pip
pipe	vamzdis
piped	vamzdynas
pipeline	dujotiekis
piper	Piper
pipette	Pipetė
piping	vamzdynas
pipsqueak	Pipsqueak
pique	pykis
piracy	piratavimas
piranha	piranha
pirate	piratas
piscina	NO TRANSLATION
piss	piss
pissed	pissed
pissedoff	pissedoff
pisser	NO TRANSLATION
pissesmeoff	nervina
pissingmeoff	pissingmeoff
pissoff	atsiknisk
pistachio	pistacijos
pistol	pistoletas
piston	stūmoklis
pit	duobė
pita	pita
pitch	žingsnis
pitcher	ąsotis
pitchfork	kalnelis
pitfall	pataikymas
pith	šerdis
pithy	tvirtas
pitiful	gaila
pitted	tuščias
pitter	Pitter
pituitary	hipofizės
pity	gaila
pivot	šerdesas
pivotal	pagrindinis
pix	pix
pixie	pixie
pizza	pica
pizzazz	pizzazz
pizzeria	picerija
placard	plakatas
place	vieta
placebo	placebas
placement	paskirties vieta
placenta	placenta
placid	mielas
placket	plaktukas
plagiarism	plagiatas
plague	maras
plaid	pledas
plain	paprastas
plainclothes	paprasti drabužiai
plaintiff	ieškovas
plaintive	kaltinamasis
plan	planas
plane	lėktuvas
planes	lėktuvai
planet	planeta
planetarium	planetariumas
planetary	planetinis
planets	planetos
plank	lenta
plankton	Planktonas
planned	suplanuotas
planner	planuotojas
planning	planavimas
plant	augalas
plantation	plantacija
planter	sodinimo mašina
planting	sodinti
plaque	plokštelė
plasma	plazma
plaster	gipsas
plastic	plastmasinis
plasticity	plastiškumas
plat	plat
plate	plokštė
plateau	Plato
plated	padengtas
platform	platforma
plating	dengimas
platinum	platina
platonic	platonis
platoon	būrys
platter	plokštė
plaudit	NO TRANSLATION
plausibility	tikėtinumas
plausible	tikėtinas
play	žaisti
playa	žaisti
playback	atkūrimas
playbook	playbook
playboy	Playboy
player	žaidėjas
playful	žaismingas
playground	žaidimų aikštelė
playhouse	playhouse
playmate	žaidimo draugas
playoff	playoff
playpen	žaislas
playroom	žaidimų kambarys
plaything	žaislai
playtime	grojimo laikas
playwright	dramaturgas
plaza	Plaza
plea	pagrindas
plead	prašau
pleasant	malonus
pleased	malonu
pleasing	malonus
pleasurable	malonus
pleasure	malonumas
pleasures	malonumai
pleat	pleat
pleated	plytelė
pledge	įkeitimas
pledged	įkeistas
plenary	plenarinis posėdis
plentiful	gausu
plenty	daug
plenum	plenum
plethora	daugybė
plexus	putplastis
pliable	lankstus
plication	plication
pliers	replės
plight	sunku
plinth	cokolis
plodding	plodding
plop	plopas
plot	sklypas
plough	plūgas
ploughed	suar
plover	plover
plow	plūgas
plowed	suar
plowing	arimas
ploy	gudrybė
pluck	sunaikinti
plucky	puikus
plug	kištukas
plum	slyva
plumage	plumėjimas
plumb	plūgas
plumber	santechnikas
plumbing	Santechnika
plume	plume
plummet	svyruoja
plump	apkunus
plumper	plumperis
plunder	grobtis
plunge	pasinerti
plunger	stūmoklis
plural	daugiskaitos
plurality	plurality
plush	pliušas
plutonium	plutonis
ply	sluoksnis
plywood	fanera
pneumatic	pneumatinis
pneumonia	pneumonija
poacher	burtininkas
poachers	brakonieriai
poaching	brakonieriavimas
pocket	kišenė
pocketbook	pocketbook
pocketful	kišeninis
pod	NO TRANSLATION
podium	podiumas
poem	eilėraštis
poems	eilėraščiai
poet	poetas
poetic	poetinis
poetical	poetiškas
poetics	poetika
poetry	poezija
pogo	Pogo
poignant	Nuobodus
point	taškas
pointedly	žymiai
pointer	rodyklė
pointless	beprasmiškas
pointy	taškas
poise	nuimkite
poison	nuodai
poisoned	apsinuodijęs
poisoning	apsinuodijimas
poisonous	nuodingas
poke	mocać
poker	pokeris
pokes	pokesas
polar	poliarinis
polarity	poliškumas
pole	pole
polemic	polemika
police	policija
police officer	policijos pareigūnas
policeman	policininkas
policewoman	policininkė
policy	politika
polio	poliomielitas
polish	lenkas
polished	poliruotas
polite	mandagus
politeness	mandagumas
politic	politika
political	politinis
politician	politikas
politics	politika
polity	valstybingumas
polka	Polka
poll	apklausa
pollen	žiedadulkes
polling	apklausa
pollute	teršia
pollution	tarša
polo	polo
poltergeist	poltergeist
polyester	poliesteris
polygamy	poligamija
polygon	poligonas
polygonal	daugiakampis
polygraph	poligrafas
polymer	polimeras
polymorphism	polimorfizmas
pomp	pomp
pompous	pompuotas
poncho	pončo
pond	tvenkinys
ponder	apmąstyti
ponderous	sunkus
pong	pong
pontiff	pontifikas
pontificate	pontifikatas
pontoon	pontonas
pony	ponis
ponytail	uodeginis petys
pooch	šikšnosparnis
poodle	pudelis
poof	poof
pool	baseinas
poop	kakoti
poor	vargšas
poorly	blogai
pop	popas
popcorn	kukurūzai
pope	popiežius
popper	Popperis
poppy	aguona
poppycock	Poppycock
popsicle	popsicle
popular	populiarus
popularity	populiarumas
popularized	populiarinamas
population	gyventojai
populous	tankus gyventojas
porcelain	porcelianas
porch	veranda
porcupine	porcupine
pore	poros
pork	kiauliena
porker	Porker
porky	Porky
porn	porno
porno	porno
pornographic	pornografinis
pornography	pornografija
porosity	poringumas
porous	akytasis
porridge	košė
port	uostas
portable	nešiojamasis
portage	portage
portal	portalas
porter	porteris
porterhouse	porterhouse
portfolio	portfelis
porthole	pilka
portico	Portika
portion	porcija
portrait	portretas
portraiture	portretai
portray	pavaizduoti
pose	kelti
poser	NO TRANSLATION
posh	prašmatnus
posited	pasodintas
position	pozicija
positioning	padėtis
positive	teigiamas
positiveenergy	NO TRANSLATION
positively	teigiamai
positivity	pozityvumas
posse	posse
possess	turėti
possessed	turima
possessing	turinti
possession	valdymas
possessive	priklausantis
possessor	valdytojas
possibility	galimybė
possible	galimas
possibly	galbūt
possum	possum
post	paštu
postage	pašto siuntimas
postal	pašto adresas
postcard	atvirukas
poster	plakatas
posterior	posterior
posterity	palikuonys
posthumous	postuomas
postman	paštininkas
postmortem	postmorte
postpone	atidėti
postponed	atidėtas
postponement	atidėjimas
postscript	PostScript
postulate	postulatas
posture	laikysena
pot	puodą
potable	geriamasis
potassium	kalis
potato	bulvė
potatoes	bulvės
potency	stiprumas
potent	stiprus
potential	potencialus
pothead	pothead
pothole	banginiai
potion	mityba
potluck	potluck
potpourri	popuriai
potted	puodai
potter	puodžiukas
pottery	keramika
potty	pamišęs
pouch	maišas
poultry	naminiai paukščiai
pounce	įstrigti
pound	svaras
pounding	pounding
pour	NO TRANSLATION
pout	sumušti
pouting	matau
pouty	pouty
poverty	skurdas
pow	pow
powder	milteliai
powdered	miltelių pavidalu
powdery	miltelių pavidalo
power	galia
powerful	galingas
powerfully	galingai
powerhouse	elektrinė
powerless	bejėgis
powwow	powwow
pox	raupai
practicable	praktiškai įmanoma
practical	praktinis
practically	praktiškai
practice	praktika
practiced	praktikuojama
practise	praktika
practitioner	praktikas
pragmatic	pragmatiškas
prairie	prairie
praise	pagirti
praised	gyrė
praisegod	NO TRANSLATION
praisejesus	NO TRANSLATION
praises	giria
praiseworthy	pagirtinas
praising	giria
prance	prance
prank	pritrenkti
prawn	krevetės
praxis	praxis
pray	melstis
prayer	malda
prayforme	Melskis už mane
praying	meldžiasi
praying mantis	meldžiasi mantis
preach	pamokslauti
preacher	pamokslininkas
preaching	pamokslavimas
preamble	preambulė
precarious	nestabili
precaution	atsargumo priemonė
precautionary	atsargumo priemonė
precede	prieš tai
precedence	pirmenybė
precedent	precedentas
preceding	anksčiau
precept	įsakymas
preceptor	mokytojas
precession	precesija
precinct	sklypas
precincts	Apylinkės
precious	brangioji
precipice	debesys
precipitate	nuosėdos
precipitation	krituliai
precipitous	aštrias
precise	tikslus
precisely	tiksliai
precision	tikslumas
preclude	uždrausti
precocious	ankstyvas
precursor	Prekursorius
predator	plėšrikas
predatory	grobuoniškas
predecessor	pirmtakas
predicament	sunkumų
predicate	predikatas
predict	numatyti
predictable	nuspėjamas
predicting	prognozuoti
prediction	prognozavimas
predictive	prognozuojamas
predictor	prognozuojantis veiksnys
predilection	prisirišimas
predispose	paskatinti
predisposed	pasipiktinęs
predisposition	polinkis
predominance	dominavimas
predominant	vyrauja
predominate	vyrauja
preeminent	vyresnysis
preemption	išankstinis mokėjimas
preemptive	Preemptive
preface	įvadas
prefect	prefektas
prefer	norėčiau
preferable	pageidautina
preference	pirmenybė
preferential	lengvatinis
prefix	prefiksas
pregnancy	nėštumas
pregnant	nėščia
prehistoric	priešistorinis
prejudice	prietarai
prejudiced	įžeidė
prejudicial	žalingas
prelim	prelim
preliminary	preliminarus
prelude	preliudija
premarital	iki vedybų
premature	per anksti
prematurely	per anksti
premed	premed
premeditated	apgalvota
premier	Premier
premiere	premjera
premise	prielaida
premises	patalpos
premium	premija
premonition	įspėjimas
prenatal	Prenatalinė
prenuptial	prenuptial
preoccupation	rūpestis
preoccupied	susirūpinęs
prep	prep
preparation	Paruošimas
preparatory	parengiamasis
prepare	paruoškite
prepared	paruošta
preparedness	pasirengimas
preparer	paruošėjas
preparing	rengia
preponderance	dominavimas
preposterous	nepagrįstas
preppy	pasiruošęs
prerequisite	būtina sąlyga
prerogative	privilegija
preschool	ikimokyklinis
prescient	senovinis
prescribe	paskirti
prescribed	nustatyta
prescription	receptas
prescriptive	norminis
presence	buvimas
present	pateikti
presentable	vaizduojamas
presentation	pristatymas
presenter	vedėjas
presentment	pateikimas
presents	dovanos
preservation	išsaugojimas
preservative	konservantas
preserve	išsaugoti
preserved	konservuota
preserving	išsaugoti
preside	pirmininkauja
presidency	prezidentūra
president	prezidentas
presidential	prezidento
press	paspauskite
pressing	spaudžiant
pressure	spaudimas
prestige	prestižas
prestigious	prestižinis
presto	presto
presume	daroma prielaida
presumption	prielaidą
presumptive	prezumpcija
presumptuous	įžūlus
presuppose	suplanuosiu
pretend	apsimesti
pretended	apsimeta
pretender	pretender
pretending	apsimeta
pretense	pretenzija
pretensions	pretenzijos
pretentious	pretenzingas
pretext	pretekstas
pretty	graži
pretzel	keramzelis
prevail	vyrauti
prevailing	vyrauja
prevalence	paplitimas
prevalent	paplitusi
prevent	užkirsti kelią
preventative	prevencinis
prevention	prevencija
preventive	prevencinis
preview	peržiūra
previous	ankstesnis
previously	anksčiau
prey	grobis
price	kaina
priceless	neįkainojamas
pricey	brangus
prick	traukti
prickly	dygliuotas
pride	pasididžiavimas
priest	kunigas
priestess	kunigai
priesthood	kunigystė
priestly	kunigai
prig	prig
prim	prim
prima	NO TRANSLATION
primacy	pirmenybė
primal	pirminis
primary	pirminis
primate	primatis
primates	primatai
prime	pagrindinis
primed	gruntuotas
primer	gruntas
primeval	pirmasis
priming	gruntavimas
primitive	primityvus
primordial	primordial
primrose	Primozė
prince	princas
princely	princis
princess	princesė
principal	pagrindinis
principally	daugiausia
principle	principas
principles	principai
print	spausdinti
printer	spausdintuvas
printing	spausdinimas
printout	Atspausdinti
prior	anksčiau
prioritize	prioritetas
priority	prioritetas
priory	Pirmininkas
prism	prizmė
prismatic	prizminis
prison	kalėjimas
prisoner	kalinys
prissy	Prissy
pristine	senovinis
privacy	privatumas
private	privatus
privately	privačiai
privilege	privilegija
privileged	privilegijuotas
privy	paslaptis
prize	prizas
prized	vertinamas
pro	pro
proactive	aktyvus
probability	tikimybė
probable	tikėtinas
probate	testamentas
probation	bandomasis laikotarpis
probationary	bandomasis laikotarpis
probative	įtikinamai
probe	zondas
probing	zondavimas
probity	teisingumas
problem	problema
problematic	probleminis
procedural	procedūrinis
procedure	procedūra
proceed	tęsti
proceeding	tęsinys
proceeds	pajamos
process	procesas
processing	apdorojimas
procession	procesija
processor	procesorius
proclaim	skelbti
proclamation	skelbimas
procrastinate	atidėti
procrastination	vilkinimas
procreate	gimdyti
procreation	gimdymas
proctologist	proktologas
proctor	Proctor
procure	įsigyti
procurement	pirkimas
prod	prod
prodigal	bjaurus
prodigious	nuostabus
prodigy	prodigy
produce	pagaminti
produced	pagamintas
producer	gamintojas
producing	gaminti
product	produktas
production	gamyba
productive	produktyvus
productivity	našumas
profane	apgaulingas
profanity	neteisybė
profess	išpažinti
profession	profesija
professional	profesionalus
professionalism	profesionalumas
professor	profesorius
professorship	professorship
proficiency	mokėjimas
proficient	įgudęs
profile	profilis
profiler	profiler
profit	pelnas
profitable	pelningas
profound	gilus
profuse	gausus
profusion	gausa
prog	prog
progenitor	pirmtakas
progeny	palikuonys
prognosis	prognozė
prognostic	prognozuojamas
program	programa
programme	programa
programmer	programuotojas
programming	programavimas
progress	progresas
progression	progresija
progressive	laipsniškas
prohibit	uždrausti
prohibited	draudžiama
prohibition	draudimas
prohibitive	draudžiamas
project	projektas
projectile	sviedinys
projectiles	sviediniai
projecting	projektavimas
projection	projekcija
projector	projektorius
proletarian	proletarus
proletariat	proletariatas
prolific	vaisingas
prologue	prologas
prolong	prailginti
prolongation	pratęsimas
prolonged	prailgintas
prom	prom
promenade	promenada
prominence	pagarba
prominent	žinomas
prominently	akivaizdžiai
promiscuity	promiscuity
promiscuous	promiscuous
promise	pažadas
promising	perspektyvus
promissory	pareiga
promo	reklama
promontory	miškas
promote	reklamuoti
promoter	promotorius
promotion	skatinimas
promotional	reklaminė
prompt	greitai
prompting	raginantis
promulgate	skelbti
promulgation	paskelbimas
prone	linkęs
prong	smeigtukas
pronounce	ištarti
pronounced	išreikštas
pronouncement	paskelbimas
pronto	NO TRANSLATION
pronunciation	tarimas
proof	įrodymas
prop	prop
propaganda	propaganda
propagate	skleisti
propagation	dauginimas
propane	propanas
propel	judėti
propelled	varoma
propeller	propeleris
propelling	varantieji varikliai
propensity	polinkis
proper	tinkamas
property	nuosavybė
prophecy	pranašystė
prophesy	pranašauti
prophet	pranašas
prophetic	pranašiškas
prophylactic	profilaktinis
prophylaxis	profilaktika
proportion	proporcija
proportional	proporcingas
proportionate	proporcingi
proportions	proporcijos
proposal	pasiūlymas
propose	pasiūlyti
proposition	pasiūlymas
proprietary	patentuota
proprietor	savininkas
proprietorship	nuosavybė
propriety	tinkamumas
propulsion	varomoji jėga
prose	proza
prosecute	baudžiamasis persekiojimas
prosecution	baudžiamasis persekiojimas
prosecutor	kaltintojas
prospect	perspektyva
prospection	žvalgyba
prospective	numatoma
prospectively	perspektyviai
prospector	prospektorius
prospectus	prospektas
prosper	klestėti
prosperity	gerovė
prosperous	klestintis
prostate	prostatos
prosthetic	protezavimas
prostitute	prostitute
prostitution	prostitucija
prostrate	garbinti
protagonist	protagonistas
protect	apsaugoti
protected	saugoma
protecting	apsauga
protection	apsauga
protective	apsauginis
protector	apsauga
protein	baltymas
protest	protestas
protestant	protestantas
protocol	protokolas
proton	protonas
prototype	prototipas
protozoa	protozoa
protracted	užsitęsęs
protrude	išsikišti
protrusion	iškyša
proud	didžiuojasi
prove	įrodyti
proven	įrodyta
proverb	patarlė
proverbial	patarlė
provide	numatyti
provided	jeigu
providence	apvaizda
provider	teikėjas
providing	teikimas
province	provincija
provincial	provincijos
provision	nuostata
provisional	laikinas
provisionally	laikinai
provisions	nuostatos
proviso	išlyga
provocation	provokacija
provocative	provokuojantis
provoke	provokuoti
provoked	išprovokuota
provoking	provokuojantis
provost	provostas
prowess	meistriškumas
prowl	garbinti
prowler	prowler
proximal	proksimalinis
proximate	arti
proximity	artumas
proxy	proxy
prude	pride
prudence	atsargumas
prudent	apdairus
prune	žievė
pruning	genėjimas
pry	pry
prying	smalsus
psalm	psalmė
psalms	psalms
pseudo	pseudo
pseudonym	slapyvardis
psi	psi
psoriasis	psoriazė
psych	psichinis
psyche	psichika
psychedelic	psichodelinis
psychiatric	psichiatrija
psychiatrist	psichiatras
psychiatry	psichiatrija
psychic	psichinis
psychical	psichinis
psychics	psichika
psycho	psicho
psychoanalysis	psichoanalizė
psychoanalyst	psichoanalistas
psychobabble	Psychobabble
psychological	psichologinis
psychologist	psichologas
psychology	psichologija
psychopath	psichopatas
psychopathic	psichopatinis
psychosis	psichozė
psychosomatic	psichosomatinis
psychotherapy	psichoterapija
psychotic	psichozė
pterodactyl	pterodaktilas
ptsd	ptsd
pub	baras
puberty	brendimas
pubes	pubes
pubescent	pubescentas
pubic	viešas
public	visuomenė
publication	paskelbimas
publicist	publicistas
publicity	reklama
publicly	viešai
publicspeaking	NO TRANSLATION
publish	paskelbti
published	paskelbta
publisher	leidėjas
publishing	leidyba
puck	čiulpti
pucker	pukeris
pudding	pudingas
puddle	peizažas
pudgy	pudgy
puff	puff
puffing	puffing
puffy	pūlingas
pug	Mopsas
puke	puke
pull	traukti
pulley	skriemulys
pullover	megztinis
pulmonary	plaučių
pulp	minkštimas
pulpit	kanceliarija
pulsar	pulsaras
pulsation	pulsacija
pulse	impulsas
puma	Puma
pump	siurblys
pumped	pumpuojamas
pumpkin	moliūgas
pun	NO TRANSLATION
punch	Punch
punched	perforuotas
punching	perforavimas
punchy	Punchy
punctual	punktualus
punctuality	punktualumas
punctually	skubiai
punctuation	skyrybos ženklai
puncture	punkcija
pundit	punditas
pungent	aštrus
punish	nubausti
punishable	baudžiamas
punished	nubaustas
punishing	bausti
punishment	bausmė
punitive	baudžiamoji
punk	pankas
punt	Punt
puny	švelnus
pup	šuniukas
pupil	mokinys
puppet	lėlė
puppeteer	lėlininkas
puppy	šuniukas
purchase	pirkti
purchaser	pirkėjas
purchasing	pirkimas
pure	grynas
purebliss	NO TRANSLATION
puree	tyrė
purely	grynai
purgatory	grynintuvas
purge	valyti
purification	valymas
purify	valyti
purist	puristė
purity	Grynumas
purple	violetinė
purport	siekti
purpose	tikslas
purposely	sąmoningai
purr	purr
purring	purring
purse	piniginė
pursuance	vykdymas
pursue	siekti
pursuing	siekti
pursuit	siekimas
purveyor	tiekėjas
purview	kompetencija
pus	pusė
push	stumti
pusher	stūmiklis
pushing	stumti
pushover	pushover
pushy	kietas
puss	puss
pussy	pussy
pussycat	pussycat
put	įdėti
putative	tariamas
putrid	purvinas
puts	kelia
putt	putt
putter	lazda
putty	glaistas
puzzle	galvosūkis
puzzled	supratau
puzzling	mįslingas
pygmy	pygmy
pylon	pilonas
pyramid	piramidė
pyramidal	piramidinė
pyrotechnics	pirotechnika
python	python
quack	kvailys
quad	keturiasdešimt
quadrangle	keturkampis
quadrant	kvadrantas
quadratic	kvadratin
quadrature	kvadratūros
quadruple	keturiasdešimt
quadrupole	kvadrupolis
quagmire	dviratininkas
quail	pledai
quaint	Keista
quake	žemės drebėjimas
qualifications	kvalifikacijos
qualified	kvalifikuotas
qualify	kvalifikuoti
qualifying	kvalifikacinis
qualities	savybes
quality	kokybė
quandary	kvailystė
quantify	kiekybiškai įvertinti
quantitative	kiekybinis
quantitatively	kiekybiškai
quantity	kiekis
quantum	kvantinė
quarantine	karantinas
quarrel	ginčytis
quarry	karjeras
quart	kvartas
quarter	ketvirtis
quarterback	Kardonas
quartered	quartered
quarterly	kas ketvirtį
quartermaster	quartermaster
quarters	ketvirčiai
quartet	kvartetas
quartile	kvartilis
quarto	NO TRANSLATION
quartz	kvarcas
quash	nulaužti
quasi	kvazi
quaternary	ketvirtis
quay	NO TRANSLATION
queasiness	nervingumas
queasy	ramiai
queen	karaliene
queer	keista
quell	paklusti
quench	gesinti
query	užklausa
quest	ieškojimas
question	klausimas
questionable	abejotinas
questioning	apklausa
questionnaire	klausimynas
queue	eilė
queues	eilės
quibble	klaida
quiche	quiche
quick	greitas
quicken	pagreitinti
quickie	pabaiga
quickly	greitai
quickness	greitis
quicksand	smiltainis
quicksilver	geltona žaliava
quid	quid
quiescent	atsipalaidavęs
quiet	tylus
quietly	ramiai
quill	verda
quilt	antklodė
quince	Cidonia
quinine	chininas
quintet	kvintetas
quirk	priespauda
quirky	kvailas
quit	mesti
quits	sustoja
quitter	NO TRANSLATION
quiver	strėlinė
quivering	drebulys
quiz	viktorina
quorum	kvorumas
quota	kvota
quotation	citata
quote	citata
quotes	citatos
quotient	koeficientas
rabbi	rabinas
rabbit	triušis
rabble	siaubas
rabid	bjaurus
rabies	pasiutligė
raccoon	Ežeras
race	lenktynės
racehorse	lenktynių žirgais
racer	lenktynininkas
racetrack	lenktynių trasa
racial	rasinis
racism	rasizmas
racist	rasistinis
rack	stovas
racket	raketė
racketeering	reketas
racking	lentynos
racquetball	racquetball
racy	racy
radar	radaras
radial	radialinis
radiance	spinduliavimas
radiant	spinduliavimas
radiate	spinduliuoja
radiation	radiacija
radiator	radiatorius
radical	radikali
radically	radikaliai
radio	radijas
radioactive	radioaktyvusis
radioactivity	radioaktyvumas
radiograph	rentgenograma
radiography	radiografija
radiologist	radiologas
radiology	radiologija
radish	ridikėliai
radium	radiumas
radius	spindulys
radon	radonas
raffle	loterija
raft	plaustas
rag	ragas
rage	pyktis
ragemode	ragemode
ragetweet	NO TRANSLATION
ragged	Raguotas
raggedy	Raggedy
raging	siaubti
rags	skudurus
ragtime	ragtime
raid	reidas
raider	Raider
rail	geležinkeliu
railing	turėklai
railroad	geležinkelis
railway	geležinkelis
raiment	drabužiai
rain	lietus
rainbow	vaivorykštė
rainbow trout	Vaivorykštinis upėtakis
rainbows	vaivorykštės
raincoat	lietpaltis
raindrops	lietaus lašai
rainfall	krituliai
rainforest	atogrąžų miškai
rainmaker	lietaus daviklis
rainstorm	lietaus lietus
rainy	lietingą
rainyday	lietinga diena
raise	pakelti
raised	pakeltas
raisin	razin
raising	pakelti
rake	grėblys
rally	ralis
ram	ram
ramble	stengtis
rambling	rambling
ramp	rampa
rampage	rampa
rampant	siaubingas
rampart	pylimas
ramrod	ramrodas
ranch	ranča
rancher	rancher
rancid	riebi
random	atsitiktinis
randomly	atsitiktinai
randomness	atsitiktinumas
randy	Randy
range	diapazonas
ranger	Ranger
rank	rangas
ranking	reitingą
ransom	išpirkti
rant	skalauti
ranting	ranting
rap	reps
rape	išžaginimas
rapid	greitas
rapidity	greitis
rapids	slenksčiai
rapist	rapist
rapper	reperis
rapping	spąstai
rapport	NO TRANSLATION
rapt	rapt
raptor	raptorius
raptors	raptorius
rapture	pasipiktinimas
rare	retas
rarely	retai
rarity	retenybė
rascal	sunkus
rash	bėrimas
raspberries	avietės
raspberry	avietė
rat	žiurkė
ratchet	reketas
rate	norma
ratification	ratifikavimas
ratify	ratifikuoti
rating	įvertinimas
ratio	santykis
ration	racionas
rational	racionalus
rationale	loginis pagrindas
rationalism	racionalizmas
rationality	racionalumas
rationalize	racionalizuoti
rationing	normavimas
rattan	rotango
rattle	siautėti
rattled	griaunamas
rattler	broliai
rattlesnake	griuvėsiai
ratty	ratty
raucous	rausvas
ravage	sunaikinti
rave	rave
raven	Varnas
ravenous	rausvas
ravine	griuvėsiai
raving	ravingas
ravioli	vaistažolės
ravishing	gailimasis
raw	žaliavinis
rawhide	žaliavinis kūnas
rawr	rawr
ray	ray
razor	skustuvas
reach	pasiekti
react	reaguoti
reaction	reakcija
reactionary	reakcinis
reactive	reaktyvusis
reactor	reaktorius
read	skaityti
reader	skaitytojas
readership	skaitytojas
readily	lengvai
readiness	pasirengimas
reading	skaitymas
readjustment	sureguliavimas
readout	rodymas
ready	paruošta
readytogo	skaitytojas
reaffirm	dar kartą patvirtina
reagent	reagentas
real	tikras
realism	realybė
realist	realistas
realistic	realus
reality	tikrovė
realization	realizavimas
realize	suvokti
realm	sritis
realtor	makleris
realty	nekilnojamasis turtas
ream	tvarstis
reap	pjauti
reaper	pjaunamoji
reappear	vėl pasirodys
rear	galas
rearrange	pertvarkyti
rearrangement	pertvarkymas
reason	priežastis
reasonable	pagrįstas
reasonableness	protingumas
reasoning	motyvavimas
reasons	priežastys
reassemble	surinkti
reassign	perskirstyti
reassignment	perskirstymas
reassurance	pasitikėjimas
reassure	nuraminti
reassured	pasitiki
reassuring	raminantis
rebate	nuolaida
rebel	sukilėlių
rebellion	sukilimas
rebellious	maištaujantis
rebels	sukilėliai
rebirth	atgimimas
reboot	perkraukite
reborn	atgimsta
rebound	atsitraukimas
rebuild	atstatyti
rebuke	sunaikinti
rebut	paneigti
rebuttal	paneigimas
recalcitrant	nepaklusnus
recall	prisiminti
recant	prisiminti
recap	pakartoti
recapture	grąžinimas
recast	nauja redakcija
recede	pasitraukti
receding	atsitraukia
receipt	kvitas
receipts	kvitai
receive	gaukite
received	gavo
receiver	imtuvas
receiving	gavimo
recent	neseniai
receptacle	talpykla
reception	priėmimas
receptionist	Registratūra
receptive	priimtinas
receptor	receptorius
recess	pertrauka
recesses	nuosėdos
recession	nuosmukis
recharge	papildyti
recheck	pakartotinai patikrinti
recherche	NO TRANSLATION
recidivism	recidyvizmas
recipe	receptas
recipient	Gavėjas
reciprocal	abipusis
reciprocate	abipusis
reciprocity	abipusiškumas
recital	konstatuojamoji dalis
recitation	recitacija
recite	pasakyk
reckless	neapgalvota
recklessness	neapdairumas
reckon	apsvarstyti
reckoning	skaičiavimas
reclaim	susigrąžinti
reclamation	melioracija
recline	atsistoti
reclining	atsilenkimas
recluse	atokvėpu
recognition	pripažinimą
recognizable	atpažįstamas
recognize	atpažinti
recognized	pripažintas
recoil	atsitraukti
recollect	prisiminti
recollection	prisiminimas
recombinant	rekombinantinis
recombination	rekombinacija
recommend	rekomenduoti
recommendation	rekomendacija
recompense	atlyginimas
recon	rekonstruoti
reconcile	suderinti
reconciliation	Susitaikymas
reconfigure	perkonfigūruokite
reconnaissance	žvalgyba
reconnect	vėl prijunkite
reconsider	persvarstykite
reconsideration	persvarstymas
reconstitution	ištirpinimas
reconstruct	rekonstruoti
reconstruction	rekonstrukcija
reconstructive	rekonstrukcinis
reconvene	atsinešti
record	įrašyti
recorder	įrašymo įrenginys
recording	įrašymas
recount	perskaičiuoti
recoup	susigrąžinti
recourse	kreiptis
recover	susigrąžinti
recoverable	atgautinas
recovery	atkūrimas
recreate	atkurti
recreation	poilsis
recreational	rekreacinė
recruit	įdarbinti
recruiter	įdarbintojas
recruiting	įdarbinimas
recruitment	įdarbinimas
recruits	naujokai
rectal	tiesiosios žarnos
rectangle	stačiakampis
rectangular	stačiakampis
rectification	taisymas
rectify	ištaisyti
rector	rektorius
rectory	klebonija
rectum	tiesiojoje žarnoje
recumbent	stovintis
recuperation	rekuperacija
recur	pasikartojau
recurrence	pasikartojimas
recurrent	pasikartojantis
recurring	pasikartojantis
recursion	rekursija
recursive	rekursinis
recursively	rekursyviai
recycle	perdirbti
recycled	perdirbtas
recycling	perdirbimas
red	raudona
reddish	rausvai
redecorate	redecorate
redeem	išpirkti
redeemed	išpirktas
redemption	išpirkimas
redesign	pertvarkyti
redhead	raudona
redheaded	raudoniukai
redirect	nukreipti
redneck	Redneck
redness	paraudimas
redo	pakartoti
redress	žalos atlyginimas
reduce	sumažinti
reduced	sumažintas
reduction	sumažinimas
redundancy	atleidimas iš darbo
redundant	nereikalingas
redwood	Redwoodas
reed	nendrinis
reef	rifas
reefer	refrizeris
reefs	rifai
reek	Reek
reel	ritė
reelection	perrinkimas
reeling	išvynioti
reenactment	atnaujinimas
reentry	pakartotinai
reestablish	atkurti
ref	ref
refer	kreiptis
referee	teisėjas
reference	nuoroda
referendum	referendumas
referral	persiuntimas
refill	papildyti
refine	tobulinti
refined	rafinuotas
refinement	tobulinimas
refinery	naftos perdirbimo įmonė
refining	rafinavimas
refit	pertvarkyti
reflect	atspindėti
reflecting	atspindintis
reflection	atspindys
reflective	atspindinti
reflector	reflektorius
reflex	refleksas
reflux	refliuksas
reform	reforma
reformation	reformacija
reformer	reformatorė
refraction	refrakcija
refractor	refraktorius
refractory	ugniai atsparus
refrain	susilaikyti
refraining	susilaikymas
refresh	atnaujinti
refreshed	atnaujintas
refreshing	gaivus
refreshment	atsipalaidavimas
refrigerate	šaldyti
refrigeration	šaldymas
refrigerator	šaldytuvas
refuel	pripildykite degalus
refuge	prieglobstis
refugee	pabėgėlis
refund	grąžinti
refurbish	atnaujinti
refusal	atsisakymas
refuse	atsisakyti
refused	atsisakyta
refusing	atsisakyti
refutation	paneigimas
refute	paneigti
regain	atgauti
regal	Regal
regalia	regalijos
regard	atsižvelgti
regatta	regata
regency	regency
regenerate	atgaivinti
regeneration	regeneracija
regent	regentas
reggae	reggae
regime	režimas
regimen	režimas
regiment	pulkas
regimental	pulkas
region	regione
regional	regioninis
regionalism	regionizmas
register	Registruotis
registrar	registratorius
registration	Registracija
registry	registras
regress	regresas
regression	regresija
regressive	regresyvus
regret	apgailestauju
regretful	apgailestauju
regrettable	apgailestauja
regretted	apgailestauja
regretting	apgailestauju
regroup	sugrupuoti
regular	reguliariai
regularity	reguliarumas
regulars	nuolatiniai
regulate	reguliuoti
regulated	reguliuojamas
regulation	reguliavimas
regulator	reguliatorius
regulatory	reguliavimo
regurgitation	regurgitacija
rehab	reabilitacija
rehabilitate	reabilituoti
rehabilitation	reabilitacija
rehash	pakartoti
rehearsal	repeticija
rehearse	atkartoti
reign	valdyti
reigning	valdantis
reimburse	grąžinti
reimbursement	kompensavimas
rein	pervesti
reincarnation	reinkarnacija
reindeer	elnias
reinforce	sustiprinti
reinforcement	stiprinimas
reinforcements	sustiprinimas
reins	garsai
reinstall	iš naujo įdiegti
reinstate	atkurti
reinstatement	atkūrimas
reinvest	reinvestuokite
reinvestment	reinvestavimas
reiterate	pakartokite
reject	atmesti
rejected	Atstumtas
rejection	atmetimas
rejects	atmeta
rejoice	džiaugtis
rejoicing	džiaugsmas
rejoin	vėl prisijungti
rejuvenate	atgaivinti
rejuvenated	atjaunintas
rekindle	atgaivinti
relapse	atkrytis
relate	susiję
related	susijęs
relation	santykis
relationship	santykiai
relative	santykinis
relativity	reliatyvumo teorija
relax	atsipalaiduoti
relaxant	atpalaiduojantis
relaxation	atsipalaidavimas
relaxed	atsipalaidavęs
relaxing	atsipalaiduoti
relay	relė
release	išleisti
released	išleistas
relegation	iškritimas
relentless	nenuilstantis
relevance	aktualumas
relevancy	tinkamumas
relevant	Aktualus
reliability	patikimumas
reliable	patikimas
reliance	pasitikėjimas
relic	reliktas
relics	relikvijos
relief	palengvėjimas
relieve	atleiskite
relieved	atleistas
relieving	atleidžiantis
relight	paslėpti
religion	religija
religious	religinis
relinquish	atsisakyti
relish	malonumas
relive	pasivaikščioti
reload	perkraukite
relocate	perkelti
relocation	perkėlimas
reluctance	nenoras
reluctant	nenoriai
rely	pasikliauti
remain	likti
remainder	priminimas
remaining	likęs
remains	lieka
remake	perdaryti
remand	suėmimas
remark	pastaba
remarkable	nuostabus
remarkably	puikiai
remarry	nauja santuoka
rematch	rungtynės
remedial	taisomasis
remedy	ištaisyti
remember	Prisiminti
remembered	prisiminti
remembering	prisiminti
remembrance	atminimas
remind	priminti
reminder	priminimas
reminisce	reminiscija
reminiscent	primena
reminiscing	prisiminimai
remiss	atleidimas
remission	atsisakymas
remit	įgaliojimai
remittance	pervedimas
remnant	likutis
remodel	pertvarkyti
remorse	gailestis
remorseful	gailestis
remote	Nuotolinis
remoteness	atokumas
removal	pašalinimas
remove	pašalinti
remover	valiklis
remuneration	atlyginimas
renaissance	renesansas
renal	inkstas
rencontre	NO TRANSLATION
rend	NO TRANSLATION
render	padengti
rendering	atvaizdavimas
rendezvous	susitikimas
rendition	perdavimas
renegade	Renegade
renegotiate	iš naujo derėtis
renew	atnaujinti
renewal	atnaujinimas
renounce	atsisakyti
renovate	atnaujinti
renovated	renovuotas
renovation	renovacija
renown	žinomas
renowned	žinomas
rent	nuoma
rental	nuoma
renter	nuomininkas
renunciation	atsisakymas
reopen	vėl atidaryti
reorganization	reorganizavimas
reorganize	reorganizuoti
rep	rep
repaint	perparduoti
repair	remontas
repairman	remontininkas
reparation	atlyginimas
repay	grąžinti
repayment	grąžinimas
repeal	panaikinti
repeat	pakartokite
repeated	pasikartojantis
repeatedly	pakartotinai
repeater	kartotojas
repel	atstumti
repellant	repelentas
repellent	atstumiantis
repelling	atstumiantis
repent	atgailauti
repentance	atgailos
repentant	atgailaujantis
repertoire	repertuaras
repertory	repertuaras
repetition	pasikartojimas
repetitive	pasikartojantis
rephrase	rephrase
replace	pakeisti
replacement	pakeitimas
replay	pakartoti
replenish	papildyti
replete	pakartotinai
replica	replika
replicate	pakartoti
replication	replikacija
reply	atsakyti
report	ataskaita
reported	pranešta
reporter	reporteris
repose	atsipalaiduoti
reposition	pertvarkymas
repository	saugykla
repossess	atsistatydina
reprehensible	smerktinas
represent	atstovauti
representation	atstovavimas
representative	atstovas
represented	atstovaujama
representing	atstovaujantis
repress	sunaikinti
repressed	represuotas
repression	represijos
reprieve	Atšaukti
reprimand	papeikimas
reprint	išpardavimas
reprisal	represija
reprise	reprise
reproach	priekabiavimas
reproduce	atgaminti
reproduction	reprodukcija
reproductive	reprodukcinis
reprogram	perprogramuoti
reptile	ropliai
republic	respublika
republican	respublikoninis
repudiation	atsisakymas
repugnance	atbaidymas
repugnant	atrandantis
repulsion	atbaidymas
repulsive	atbaidantis
repurchase	atpirkti
reputable	gerbiamas
reputation	reputacija
repute	reputacija
reputed	žinomas
request	prašymas
requiem	requiem
require	reikalauti
required	reikalaujama
requirement	reikalavimas
requisite	būtinas
requisition	rekvizavimas
reread	perskaityti
reroute	persikraustymas
rerun	pakartokite
reschedule	perskirstyti
rescind	atšaukti
rescission	atšaukimas
rescue	gelbėjimas
research	tyrimai
researcher	tyrėjas
resection	rezekcija
resemblance	panašumas
resemble	primena
resembling	panašus
resent	pasipiktinęs
resentful	įsižeidęs
resentment	apmaudas
reservation	rezervavimas
reserve	rezervas
reserved	rezervuotas
reserves	atsargos
reservoir	rezervuaras
reset	iš naujo nustatyti
reside	gyventi
residence	gyvenamoji vieta
residences	rezidencijos
residency	gyvenamoji vieta
resident	rezidentas
residential	gyvenamasis
residual	likęs
residue	liekanos
resign	pasitraukti
resignation	atsistatydinimas
resigned	atsistatydino
resilience	atsparumas
resilient	atsparus
resin	derva
resist	pasipriešinti
resistance	pasipriešinimas
resistant	atsparus
resisting	atsparus
resistive	varža
resolute	ryžtingas
resolutely	ryžtingai
resolution	rezoliucija
resolve	išspręsti
resolved	išspręsta
resonance	rezonansas
resonant	rezonansinis
resonate	rezonuoti
resonator	rezonatorius
resort	kurortas
resounding	garsus
resource	ištekliai
resourceful	išradingas
resources	ištekliai
respect	pagarba
respectability	garbingumas
respectable	garbingas
respected	gerbiamas
respectful	Pagarbiai
respecting	gerbti
respective	pagarbus
respects	pagarba
respiration	kvėpavimas
respirator	respiratorius
respiratory	kvėpavimo takų
respite	kvėpuoti
resplendent	blizgantis
respond	atsakyti
respondent	respondentas
response	atsakymas
responsibility	atsakomybė
responsible	atsakingas
responsive	reaguoja
rest	poilsis
restart	perkrauti
restaurant	restoranas
rested	pailsėjęs
restful	ramus
restitution	restitucija
restless	neramus
restlessness	nerimas
restock	atkurti
restoration	Restauravimas
restorative	atkuriamasis
restore	atkurti
restored	atkurta
restoring	atstatymas
restrain	sulaikyti
restrained	suvaržytas
restraining	susilpninimas
restraint	apribojimas
restrict	apriboti
restricted	ribotas
restriction	apribojimas
restrictive	ribojantis
restroom	tualetas
result	rezultatas
resultant	gaunamas
resume	Aprašymas
resumption	atnaujinimas
resurrect	atgaivinti
resurrection	prisikėlimas
resuscitate	atgaivinti
resuscitation	gaivinimas
retail	mažmeninė
retailer	mažmenininkas
retain	išlaikyti
retainer	laikiklis
retaining	išlaikyti
retake	pakartotinai nusipirkti
retaliate	atsakomoji priemonė
retaliation	kerštas
retaliatory	atsakomoji priemonė
retard	retard
retardation	lėtinimas
retarded	lėtas
retards	vėluoja
retention	sulaikymas
retentive	retentive
rethink	permąstyti
reticent	reticent
retina	tinklainė
retinal	Tinklainis
retire	išeiti į pensiją
retired	išėjęs į pensiją
retirement	pensija
retiring	išeina į pensiją
retold	pakartokite
retort	retort
retrace	atsekti
retract	atsitraukti
retraction	atšaukimas
retractor	įtraukiklis
retreat	atsitraukimas
retrenchment	sumažinimas
retrial	pakartotinis teismo procesas
retribution	atlyginimas
retrieval	išieškojimas
retrieve	pasiimti
retriever	retriveris
retro	retro
retroactive	atgaline data
retrograde	atgaline data
retrospect	atgaline data
retrospective	atgaline data
retrospectively	retrospektyviai
return	grįžti
reunion	susivienijimas
reunite	susivienyti
reunited	vėl susivienijo
rev	rev
reveal	atskleisti
revel	atsipalaiduoti
revelation	apreiškimas
revelations	apreiškimai
revels	revels
revenge	kerštas
revenue	pajamos
reverberation	reverberacija
revere	gerbti
reverence	pagarba
reverend	Prezidentas
reverent	gerbiamasis
reverie	Reverie
reversal	pasikeitimas
reverse	atvirkštinis
reversion	grįžimas
revert	grąžinti
reverting	grįžimas
review	peržiūra
reviewer	recenzentas
revise	peržiūrėkite
revision	peržiūra
revisit	persvarstyti
revival	atgimimas
revive	atgimti
revocation	atšaukimas
revoke	atšaukti
revolt	sukilimas
revolting	maištingas
revolution	revoliucija
revolutionary	revoliucinis
revolutionize	revoliucija
revolve	pasukti
revolver	revolveris
revolving	atnaujinamas
revue	revue
revulsion	pasipiktinimas
revving	revving
reward	atlygis
rewarding	apdovanojimas
rewind	atsukti
rewire	rewire
rewrite	perrašyti
rhapsody	rapsodija
rhetoric	retorika
rhetorical	retorinis
rheumatism	reumatas
rhinestone	Kalnų krištolas
rhino	Rhino
rhinoceros	raganos
rhubarb	rabarbarai
rhyme	ritmas
rhyming	Rhyming
rhythm	ritmas
rhythmic	ritminis
rhythmical	ritminis
rib	riba
ribbed	briaunoti
ribbon	juosta
rice	ryžiai
rich	turtingas
riches	turtai
richness	turtingumas
rick	Rickas
rickety	baisus
rickshaw	Rickshaw
ricochet	Rikošetas
rid	atsikratyti
riddance	pataisymas
riddle	mįslė
riddled	raižyti
ride	važiuoti
rider	raitelis
ridge	kraigas
ridicule	juoktis
ridiculed	išjuokė
ridiculous	juokinga
riding	Jodinėjimas
rife	rife
riff	rifas
riffraff	riffraff
rifle	šautuvas
rifleman	šaulys
rifles	šautuvai
rift	riftas
rig	įrenginys
rigged	suklastotas
rigging	takelažas
right	teisus
righteous	teisus
righteousness	teisumas
rightful	teisėtas
rightly	teisingai
righty	tiesa
rigid	standus
rigidity	standumas
rigor	griežtumas
rigorous	griežtas
rim	ratlankis
rind	oda
ring	žiedas
ringer	skambutis
ringing	skambesys
ringleader	lyderis
ringmaster	ringmaster
ringside	ringside
rink	rinkti
rinse	išskalauti
riot	riaušės
rioting	riaušės
riotous	neramus
riots	riaušės
rip	supjaustyti
riparian	pakrantė
ripe	prinokę
ripen	sulaukti
ripening	nokinimas
ripper	Ripper
ripple	ripple
rippling	ripping
rise	pakilti
rising	kyla
risk	rizika
risky	rizikingas
risotto	risotto
rite	apeigas
ritual	ritualas
ritualistic	ritualinis
rival	varžovas
rivalry	varžymasis
river	upė
riverbank	upės krantas
riverbed	upės vagas
riverboat	upės kateris
rivet	kniedė
riveted	knieduotas
riveting	kniedijimas
roach	griuvėsiai
road	kelias
roadblock	kelias
roadhouse	roadhouse
roadie	roadie
roadrage	NO TRANSLATION
roadrunner	roadrunner
roads	keliai
roadside	kelyje
roadster	rodsteris
roadtrip	kelionė
roadway	kelio
roadworks	kelio darbai
roam	klajoti
roar	riaumoti
roaring	riaumojimas
roast	kepsnys
roasted	skrudinta
rob	apiplėšti
robber	plėšikas
robbery	apiplėšimas
robe	drabužis
robin	robin
robot	robotas
robotic	robotas
robotics	robotų technika
robust	tvirtas
roc	roc
rock	Rokas
rocker	rokeris
rocket	raketa
rocks	akmenys
rod	strypas
rodent	graužikas
rodeo	Rodeo
roe	Roe
rogue	nesąžiningi
role	vaidmuo
roll	ritinys
roller	volas
rollercoaster	Rollercoaster
rollers	volai
rollicking	ritulys
rolling	valcavimo
roman	romėnų kalba
romance	romantika
romantic	romantiškas
romanticism	romantizmas
romp	romp
roof	stogas
rooftop	ant stogo
rook	rook
rookie	naujokas
room	kambarys
roomful	kambarinis
roommate	kambariokas
rooms	kambariai
roomy	erdvus
roost	kepti
rooster	Gaidys
root	šaknis
root beer	šakninis alus
rooted	įsišaknijusi
rope	lynai
ropes	lynai
rosary	rozmarinas
rose	rožė
rosemary	rozmarinas
rosette	rozetė
roster	sąskaita
rosy	rožinis
rot	puvėti
rota	rota
rotary	rotacinis
rotate	pasukti
rotation	rotacija
rote	rote
rotor	rotorius
rotten	supuvęs
rotting	puvimas
rotunda	rotunda
rouge	rouge
rough	šiurkštus
roughly	maždaug
roughneck	roughneck
roughness	šiurkštumas
roulette	ruletė
round	apvalus
roundabout	žiedas
rounded	suapvalintas
roundup	apvalkalas
rouse	raginimas
rouser	rojuseris
rousing	raginimas
rout	traukinys
route	maršrutas
routine	įprastas
rove	išeiti
rover	roveris
roving	roving
row	eilutė
rowboat	kateris
rowdy	bjaurus
rowing	Irklavimas
royal	karališkasis
royalty	honoraras
rub	RUB
rubber	guma
rubbers	gumos
rubbing	trintis
rubbish	šiukšlės
rubble	griuvėsiai
rubdown	rubdown
rubric	rubrika
ruby	rubinas
ruckus	Ruckus
rudder	vairo
ruddy	ruddy
rude	grubus
rudeness	grubumas
rudimentary	elementarus
rudiments	užuomazgos
rue	rue
rueful	skubus
ruff	ruff
ruffian	ruffian
ruffle	ruffle
rug	kilimas
rugby	Regbis
rugged	tvirtas
ruin	sugadinti
ruination	sugadinimas
ruined	sugadintas
ruinous	griovus
ruins	griuvėsiai
rule	taisyklė
ruler	valdovas
ruling	nutarimas
rum	romas
rumba	rumba
rumble	skamba
rummage	bangavimas
rumor	gandas
rumored	gandai
rump	kūnas
rumpus	rumpus
run	paleisti
runaround	begioti aplinkui
runaway	pabėgti
rundown	nutiestas
runes	runos
rung	skalė
runner	bėgikas
running	bėgimas
running shoes	bėgimo bateliai
runny	druskos
runt	NO TRANSLATION
runway	takas
rupture	plyšimas
rural	kaimas
ruse	NO TRANSLATION
rush	skubėti
rushing	skuba
rust	rūdys
rusted	rusted
rustic	kaimiškas
rustle	šurmuliuoti
rustler	Rustler
rusty	rusvas
rut	ratas
ruth	ruta
ruthless	negailestingas
rye	rugiai
sabbatical	sabbatical
saber	NO TRANSLATION
sable	sable
sabotage	sabotažas
saboteur	sabotažininkas
sac	maišelis
sack	maišas
sacrament	sakramentas
sacred	šventas
sacrifice	auka
sacrifices	aukos
sacrificial	Aukojimo
sacrilege	sakramentas
sacrilegious	šventvagiškas
sad	liūdnas
sadday	NO TRANSLATION
saddens	saddens
saddle	balnas
sadist	sadistas
sadistic	sadistinis
sadly	deja
sadness	liūdesys
safari	safari
safe	saugus
safeguard	apsauga
safekeeping	saugojimas
safety	saugumas
saffron	šafranas
sag	sag
saga	saga
sage	išmintis
saggy	saggy
sail	plaukti
sailboat	burlaivis
sailing	plaukiojimas
sailor	buriuotojas
saint	šventasis
sainted	šventas
saintly	šventasis
sake	labui
salad	salotos
salamander	salamandras
salami	salami
salary	atlyginimas
sale	pardavimas
salesgirl	pardavėja
salesman	pardavėjas
salient	ryškus
saline	fiziologinis tirpalas
saliva	seilių
sally	sally
salmon	lašiša
salmonella	Salmonella
salon	salonas
saloon	salonas
salsa	Salsa
salt	druska
salted	sūdyta
saltwater	sūrus vanduo
salty	druska
salutary	sveikas
salutation	sveikinimas
salute	sveikinimas
salvage	gelbėjimas
salvation	išganymas
salve	salve
samba	Samba
sameness	vienodumas
sample	pavyzdys
samurai	samurajus
sanatorium	sanatorija
sanctification	pašventinimas
sanctified	pašventintas
sanctify	pašventinti
sanctimonious	šventas
sanction	sankcija
sanctioned	sankcijos
sanctity	šventumas
sanctuary	šventykla
sanctum	sanctum
sand	smėlis
sandal	sandalas
sandbox	sandbox
sander	šlifuoklis
sandman	sandmanas
sandpaper	švitrinis popierius
sands	smėlis
sandstorm	smėlio audra
sandwich	sumuštinis
sandy	smėlio
sane	sane
sanguine	Sanguine
sanitarium	sanitarija
sanitary	sanitarinis
sanitation	sanitarija
sanity	sanity
sans	NO TRANSLATION
santa	santa
sap	sap
sapiens	sapiens
sapphire	safyras
sappy	saldus
sarcasm	sarkazmas
sarcastic	sarkastiškas
sarcoma	sarkoma
sarcophagus	sarkofagas
sardine	sardinės
sardonic	Sardonikas
sarsaparilla	sarsaparilla
sash	varčia
sashimi	Sashimi
sassafras	Sassafras
sassy	siauras
satanic	sataniškas
satchel	sėdynė
sate	NO TRANSLATION
satellite	palydovas
satin	satin
satire	satyra
satirical	satyrinis
satisfaction	pasitenkinimas
satisfactorily	patenkinamai
satisfactory	patenkinama
satisfied	patenkintas
satisfy	Patenkinti
satisfying	patenkinti
saturate	prisotinti
saturated	prisotintas
saturation	prisotinimas
satyr	satyras
sauce	padažas
saucepan	puodą
saucer	lėkštė
saucy	kvailas
sauerkraut	rauginti kopūstai
sauna	sauna
sausage	dešra
savage	laukinis
savagery	žiaurumas
savanna	Savanna
savannah	savana
savant	savant
save	sutaupyti
saver	taupymo priemonė
saving	taupymas
savings	taupymas
savior	gelbėtojas
savor	išgirsti
savory	pikantiškas
savvy	išmintis
saw	pamačiau
sawdust	pjuvenos
sawmill	lentpjūvė
sax	saksofonas
saxophone	saksofonas
say	pasakyk
sayonara	NO TRANSLATION
scab	šašas
scabbard	skvarba
scaffold	pastoliai
scaffolding	pastoliai
scalding	nudegimas
scale	skalė
scales	svarstyklės
scallop	šukutė
scalp	galvos oda
scalpel	skalpelis
scaly	žvynuotas
scam	apgaulė
scamp	garsas
scampi	Scampi
scan	nuskaityti
scandal	skandalas
scandalous	skandalingas
scanner	skaitytuvas
scanty	menkas
scape	peizažas
scapegoat	atpirkimo atlygis
scar	randas
scarab	skarabas
scarce	trūksta
scarcely	vargu ar
scarcity	trūkumas
scare	panika
scarecrow	Kaliausė
scared	išsigandusi
scares	baimės
scarf	skara
scarier	baisiausias
scariest	baisiausias
scarlet	raudona
scary	baugus
scat	Scat
scatter	išsklaidyti
scattered	išsisklaidęs
scattering	išsklaidymas
scavenger	prievartautojas
scenario	scenarijus
scene	scena
scenery	peizažas
scenic	vaizdingas
scent	kvapas
scented	kvapas
scepter	skeptras
sceptical	skeptiškas
scepticism	skepticizmas
schadenfreude	schadenfreude
schedule	grafikas
schematic	schema
scheme	schema
schilling	šilingas
schism	schizma
schizophrenia	šizofrenija
schizophrenic	šizofrenija
schlep	schlep
schmuck	NO TRANSLATION
schnapps	šnapas
schnitzel	šnicele
scholar	mokslininkas
scholarly	mokslinis
scholarship	stipendija
scholastic	scholastic
school	mokykla
schoolboy	mokinys
schoolgirl	moksleivė
schoolhouse	mokyklos namai
schooling	mokymasis
schoolmaster	mokytojas
schoolteacher	NO TRANSLATION
schoolwork	mokyklinis darbas
schoolyard	mokyklos kiemas
schooner	škuna
sciatica	išialgija
science	mokslas
scientific	mokslinis
scientist	mokslininkas
scifi	scifi
scintilla	NO TRANSLATION
scintillating	žvilgsnis
scintillation	scintiliacija
scintillator	scintiliatorius
scion	skonis
scissors	žirklės
scoff	siautėti
scold	šmeižti
scolding	sumušimas
scone	Scone
scoop	samtelis
scoot	Scoot
scooter	motoroleris
scope	apimtis
scorch	nudegimas
scorching	karštas
score	rezultatas
scoreboard	rezultatų suvestinė
scorer	gerbėjas
scores	balai
scorn	nusivylimas
scorned	nusivylė
scornful	nusivylęs
scorpion	skorpionas
scotch	scotch
scoundrel	nesąmonė
scour	nuplaukite
scourge	rykštė
scout	skautas
scowl	niekšas
scrabble	pritraukti
scram	Scram
scramble	gaudyti
scrambled	plakta
scrambler	skrembleris
scrambling	sumušimas
scrap	laužas
scrapbook	iškarpų albumas
scrape	išbrėžti
scrapie	skrepi
scraping	išvalyti
scrappy	nuobodu
scratch	subraižyti
scratchy	įbrėžęs
scrawny	švelnus
scream	šaukti
screamer	garsas
screaming	rėkia
screech	šaukti
screen	ekranas
screening	atranka
screenplay	scenarijus
screenwriter	scenaristas
screw	sraigtas
screwball	spragtukas
screwdriver	atsuktuvas
screwed	prisukamas
screwy	bjaurus
screwyou	NO TRANSLATION
scribble	rašyti
scribe	Raštininkas
scrimmage	kareivis
scrip	raštas
script	scenarijus
scriptural	Rašto darbai
scripture	Raštas
scroll	slinkite
scrotum	kapšelis
scrounge	skrounge
scrounger	Scrounger
scrub	šveitimas
scruffy	nešvarus
scrumptious	nuostabus
scrupulous	kruopštus
scrutinize	atidžiai patikrink
scrutiny	tikrinimas
scuba	Scuba
scuff	šluota
scuffle	nugalėti
scullery	skullery
sculptor	skulptorius
sculpture	skulptūra
sculptured	skulptūrinis
scum	riebalai
scumbag	skumbagas
scurry	sunaikinti
scurvy	skvarba
scuttle	skuttle
sea	jūra
seaboard	pajūris
seafood	jūros gėrybės
seagull	kajakas
seal	antspaudas
seals	ruoniai
seam	siūlas
seaman	jūrininkas
seamless	besiūliai
seamstress	siuvėjas
seaport	jūrų uostas
sear	kirzas
search	Paieška
searching	ieškoti
searchlight	prožektorius
seared	seared
seashore	pajūris
seasick	jūros dugnas
seaside	pajūryje
season	sezonas
seasonal	sezoninis
seasoned	prieskoniais
seasoning	prieskoniai
seat	sėdynė
seatbelt	saugos diržas
seating	sėdimos vietos
seawater	jūros vanduo
seaweed	jūros dumbliai
sec	sek
secession	atsiskyrimas
secluded	atskirai
seclusion	atskirtis
second	antra
second cousin	antroji pusbrolis
secondary	antrinis
secondhand	naudotas
secrecy	slaptumas
secret	paslaptis
secretariat	sekretoriatas
secretary	sekretorius
secrete	išskirti
secretion	sekrecija
secretive	slaptasis
secretly	slaptai
sect	sektas
sectarian	sektaniškas
section	skyrius
sectional	skerspjūvis
sector	sektorius
secular	pasaulietinis
secularism	sekuliarizmas
secure	saugus
securities	vertybiniai popieriai
security	saugumas
sedan	NO TRANSLATION
sedate	ramus
sedation	sedacija
sedative	raminantis
sedentary	sėdimasis
sedge	uodega
sediment	nuosėdos
sedimentary	nuosėdos
sedition	sukilimas
seduce	suvilioti
seducer	viliojanti
seducing	viliojanti
seduction	gundymas
seductive	viliojanti
see	matyti
seed	sėkla
seedling	sėjinukai
seeds	sėklos
seedy	sumuštas
seek	Ieškoti
seeker	ieškovas
seem	atrodo
seemingly	atrodo
seer	žiūrovas
seesaw	pasivaikščiojimas
seething	seething
segment	segmentas
segregate	atskirti
segregated	atskiriamas
segregation	atskyrimas
seismic	seisminis
seize	pasinaudoti
seizure	traukuliai
seldom	retai
select	pasirinkite
selection	pasirinkimas
selective	selektyvus
selectman	selekcininkas
selenium	selenas
self	savarankiškai
selfharm	NO TRANSLATION
selfish	savanaudis
selfishness	savanaudiškumas
selfless	Pasiaukojęs
selflove	NO TRANSLATION
selfworth	NO TRANSLATION
sell	parduoti
seller	pardavėjas
sellout	parduoti
seltzer	Seltzer
semantics	semantika
semaphore	semaforas
semblance	panašumas
semen	sperma
semester	semestras
semi	pusiau
semiautomatic	NO TRANSLATION
semicolon	kabliataškis
seminal	sėkliniai
seminar	seminaras
seminary	seminarija
semiotics	semiotika
senate	Senatas
senator	senatorius
send	siųsti
sender	siuntėjas
senescence	senėjimas
senile	seniulis
senior	vyresnysis
seniority	darbo stažas
senor	Senatorius
senorita	Senorita
sensation	sensacija
sensational	sensacingas
sense	prasme
senseless	beprasmis
senses	jausmai
sensibility	jautrumas
sensible	protingas
sensibly	protingai
sensitive	jautrus
sensitivity	jautrumas
sensor	jutiklis
sensory	sensory
sensual	jausmingas
sensuality	jausmingumas
sensuous	jausmingas
sentence	sakinys
sentencing	nuteisimas
sentient	sumanus
sentiment	jausmas
sentimental	sentimentalus
sentimentality	sentimentalumas
sentinel	sargybinis
sentry	sargybinis
separable	atskiriamas
separate	atskirai
separately	atskirai
separation	atskyrimas
separatist	separatistinis
sepia	sepija
sepsis	sepsis
sept	sept
septic	septinis
septum	pertvara
sequel	tęsinys
sequence	seka
sequent	sekvencinis
sequestered	sekvestruotas
sequestration	sekvestracija
serenade	serenada
serendipity	atsitiktinumas
serene	ramus
serenity	ramybė
sergeant	seržantas
serial	serijinis
serialize	serializuoti
series	serija
serif	Serifas
serious	rimtas
seriousness	rimtumas
sermon	pamokslas
serpent	gyvatė
serpentine	serpentinas
serrated	dantytas
serum	serumas
servant	tarnas
serve	tarnauti
server	serveris
service	paslauga
serviceable	tinkamas naudoti
servile	servile
servitude	servitutas
sesame	sezamas
sess	NO TRANSLATION
session	sesija
sessions	sesijos
set	nustatyti
setback	pasipriešinimas
sett	NO TRANSLATION
setter	seteris
settle	nusistovėti
settled	atsiskaityta
settlement	atsiskaitymas
settler	gyventojas
settlor	Įstatovas
setup	sąranka
seven	septyni
seventeen	septyniolika
seventh	septintasis
seventy	septyniasdešimt
sever	nutraukti
severable	atskiriami
severally	atskirai
severance	atskyrimas
severe	sunkus
severely	smarkiai
severity	sunkumas
sew	siūti
sewage	nuotekos
sewer	kanalizacija
sewerage	kanalizacija
sewing	siuvimas
sex	seksas
sexist	seksistinė
sexual	seksualinė
sexuality	seksualumas
sexy	seksualus
shabby	apdriskęs
shack	kratinys
shackle	sijonas
shade	atspalvis
shades	atspalviai
shading	atspalvis
shadow	šešėlis
shadowy	šešėlis
shady	šešėliai
shaft	velenas
shag	šaknys
shaggy	rausvas
shake	suplakti
shakedown	ištrintas
shaken	suplakti
shaker	kratytuvas
shaking	drebėjimas
shaky	drebantis
shall	turi
shallow	seklus
shallows	seklumos
sham	plaktukas
shaman	šamanas
shambles	sunaikinti
shame	gėda
shamed	šmeižiamas
shameful	gėdingas
shameless	be nieko
shampoo	šampūnas
shanghai	Šanchajus
shank	šešėliai
shanty	marškiniai
shape	figūra
shapely	kietas
shard	shard
share	Dalintis
shareholder	akcininkas
sharing	dalijimasis
shark	ryklys
sharp	aštrus
sharpen	aštrinti
sharpened	aštrus
sharpener	ataušintuvas
sharpness	ryškumas
sharpshooter	šaulys
shatter	suplakti
shattered	susmulkintas
shattering	sunaikinimas
shave	nusiskusti
shaver	skustuvas
shaving	skutimosi
shawl	skara
sheaf	šaukštas
shear	pjovimas
shears	žirklės
sheath	apvalkalas
sheathing	apvalkalas
shed	shed
sheen	blizgesys
sheep	avys
sheepdog	aviganis
sheepish	paguosti
sheer	grynas
sheet	lapas
sheik	Sheik
shelf	lentyna
shell	apvalkalas
shellfish	kiaukutiniai
shelling	lukštais
shelter	prieglauda
sheltered	apsaugotas
shelters	prieglaudos
shelved	lentyna
shepherd	piemenys
sherbet	šerbetas
sheriff	šerifas
sherry	sherry
shield	skydas
shift	pamainą
shifting	perėjimas
shifty	keista
shilling	šiliuolis
shimmer	mirgėjimas
shimmering	mirgėjimas
shimmy	shimmy
shin	blauzdos
shindig	shindig
shine	šviesti
shiner	shiner
shingle	garbė
shining	spindi
shiny	blizgantis
ship	laivas
shipment	siunta
shipping	laivyba
shipshape	Shiphape
shipwreck	laivo avarija
shipyard	laivų statykla
shire	Shire
shirt	marškinėliai
shit	šūdas
shitday	NO TRANSLATION
shitfaced	šūdas
shithead	shithead
shitless	be shitless
shitload	shitload
shittest	NO TRANSLATION
shitty	šūdas
shiver	drebulys
shivering	drebulys
shoals	sustoja
shock	šokas
shocked	sukrėstas
shocker	šokėjas
shocking	šokiruojantis
shockingly	šokiruojantis
shoddy	menkas
shoe	batai
shoelace	shoelace
shoemaker	bateliai
shoes	avalynė
shoeshine	batų blizgesys
shook	sukrėtė
shoot	šaudyti
shooter	šaulys
shooting	Šaudymas
shootout	pergalimas
shop	parduotuvė
shopkeeper	krautuvas
shoplifter	parduotuvės nugalėtojas
shoplifting	parduotuvių parduotuvės
shopper	pirkėjas
shopping	apsipirkti
shore	Krantas
shoreline	kranto linija
shorn	niūrios
short	trumpas
short story	apsakymas
shortage	trūkumas
shortcake	pyragas
shortcoming	trūkumas
shortcut	trumpesnis kelias
shorten	sutrumpinti
shortening	sutrumpinimas
shorthand	stenografas
shortly	netrukus
shortness	trumpa
shorts	šortai
shortstop	shortstop
shortwave	trumpasis bangas
shot	kulka
shotgun	šautuvas
shoulder	pečių
shout	šaukti
shove	nuleisti
shovel	kastuvas
shoveling	shoveling
show	Rodyti
showbiz	showbiz
showboat	Rodyti boat
showcase	vitrina
showdown	parodymai
shower	dušas
showgirl	showgirl
showing	parodyti
showoff	pasirodymas
showroom	parodų salė
showy	šiltas
shrapnel	šrapneliai
shred	susmulkinti
shrew	traukti
shrewd	protingas
shriek	šaukti
shrill	siautėti
shrimp	krevetės
shrine	šventykla
shrink	susitraukti
shrinking	mažėja
shrivel	susitraukti
shroud	apvalkalas
shrub	krūmas
shrubbery	krūmelis
shrug	nusilenkęs
shrunk	susitraukė
shrunken	susitraukė
shudder	drebulys
shuddering	drebulys
shuffle	shuffle
shuffleboard	shuffleboard
shuffling	maišymas
shun	apsisaugoti
shunned	išsekęs
shunt	šuntas
shut	Uždaryti
shutdown	išjungti
shuteye	NO TRANSLATION
shutit	NO TRANSLATION
shutter	užraktas
shuttle	autobusas
shutup	NO TRANSLATION
shy	drovus
shyness	drovumas
shyster	shyster
sib	NO TRANSLATION
sibling	broliai
sic	sic
sick	serga
sickbay	sickbay
sicken	sielvartas
sickening	sielvartas
sickle	pjautuvas
sickly	blogas
sickness	ligos
side	pusė
sidearm	šoninis veidrodis
sidebar	šoninė juosta
sideboard	indauja
sideburns	šoniniai garbanos
sidecar	šoninė priekaba
sidekick	Sidekick
sideline	šalutinė linija
sideshow	pusės šou
sidestep	sustoti
sidewalk	šaligatvis
sideways	šonu
sidewinder	sidewinder
siege	apgula
siesta	Siesta
sieve	sietas
sift	sijoti
sifting	sijojimas
sigh	sėdėti
sight	žvilgsnis
sighting	stebėjimas
sightseeing	ekskursijos
sigma	sigma
sign	pasirašyti
signal	signalas
signature	parašas
significance	reikšmė
significant	reikšmingas
signification	reikšmė
signify	reikšti
signpost	ženklas
silence	tyla
silencer	duslintuvas
silent	tylus
silently	tyliai
silhouette	siluetas
silicon	silicis
silicone	silikonas
silk	šilkas
silken	šilkinis
silky	šilkinis
sill	palangė
silliness	silpnumas
silly	kvailas
silo	silosas
silt	dumblas
silver	sidabras
silverware	sidabro dirbiniai
silvery	sidabrinis
similar	panašus
similarity	panašumas
simile	NO TRANSLATION
simmer	virkite
simmering	svaiginantis
simple	paprasta
simples	NO TRANSLATION
simpleton	paprasta
simplicity	paprastumas
simplify	supaprastinti
simplistic	supaprastinta
simply	tiesiog
simulate	imituoti
simulated	imituojamas
simulating	imituojantis
simulation	modeliavimas
simulator	simuliatorius
simultaneous	vienu metu
simultaneously	tuo pačiu metu
sin	NO TRANSLATION
sincere	nuoširdus
sincerity	nuoširdumas
sinful	nuodėmingas
sing	dainuoti
singer	dainininkė
singing	dainuoti
single	vienišas
singly	atskirai
singular	viengungis
singularity	savitumas
singularly	vienintelis
sinister	žiaurus
sink	nuskristi
sinker	grimzlė
sinking	nuskęsta
sinner	nusidėjėlis
sinning	nusikaltimas
sinus	sinusas
sip	sip
siphon	sifonas
sipping	gaudyti
sir	pone
sire	siela
siren	sirena
sirloin	griuvėsiai
sissy	berniukas
sister	sesuo
sisterhood	seserys
sit	sėdėti
sitcom	sitcom
site	svetainė
sith	Sith
sitter	aitvaras
sitting	sėdi
situate	įsitink
situated	esantis
situation	situacija
six	šeši
sixpence	sixpence
sixteen	šešiolika
sixth	šeštoji
sixty	šešiasdešimt
sizable	didelis
size	dydis
sizzle	šypsotis
ska	NO TRANSLATION
skate	skate
skateboard	riedlentė
skater	čiuožėjas
skating	čiuožimo
skedaddle	skedaddle
skeet	skeetas
skein	sruogos
skeletal	skeletas
skeleton	skeletas
skeptic	skeptikas
skeptical	skeptiškas
skepticism	skepticizmas
sketch	eskizas
sketching	eskizas
sketchy	eskizas
skewed	kaklusas
skewer	seskovė
ski	slidinėjimas
skid	slysti
skier	slidininkas
skiff	skiff
skiing	slidinėjimas
skijump	NO TRANSLATION
skill	įgūdis
skilled	kvalifikuotas
skillet	keptuvė
skillful	sumanus
skim	nugriebti
skimpy	švelnus
skin	oda
skinny	liesas
skip	praleisti
skipper	kapitonas
skirmish	sustingimas
skirt	sijonas
skirting	grindjuostes
skirts	sijonai
skit	Skit
skittish	skittish
skull	kaukolė
skunk	skunkas
sky	dangus
skylight	stoglangis
skyline	panorama
skyscraper	dangoraižis
slab	plokštė
slack	laisvas
slag	šlakas
slam	slam
slammer	siaubas
slander	šmeižtas
slanderous	šmeižikiškas
slang	slengas
slant	pasviręs
slap	slap
slash	trafaretas
slashes	brūkšniai
slate	šiferis
slates	plokštės
slaughter	skerdimas
slaughterhouse	skerdykloje
slaughtering	skerdimas
slave	vergas
slavery	vergija
slay	sunaikinti
slayer	Slayer
sleaze	sleaze
sleazy	slaptas
sled	NO TRANSLATION
sledding	keltuvu
sledge	kranai
sledgehammer	sledgehammer
sleek	aptakus
sleep	miegoti
sleeper	miegamasis
sleeping	miega
sleepless	nemiga
sleeplessness	nemiga
sleepover	sleepover
sleepy	mieguistas
sleepyhead	miego galvutė
sleet	sniegas
sleeve	rankovė
sleeveless	be rankovių
sleigh	rogės
sleight	žvalumas
slender	lieknas
sleuth	sleuth
slice	gabaliukas
slick	dėmė
slicker	plytelė
slide	skaidrę
slider	slankiklį
sliding	stumdomas
slight	šiek tiek
slight anticipation	nedidelis laukimas
slight disgust	nedidelis pasibjaurėjimas
slight surprise	šiek tiek staigmena
slight trust	nedidelis pasitikėjimas
slightly	Lengvai
slightly negative	šiek tiek neigiamas
slightly positive	šiek tiek teigiamas
slim	lieknas
slime	gluosniai
slimy	blizgus
sling	diržas
slingshot	lingė
slink	nulenkti
slinky	slinky
slip	paslysti
slipper	šlepetė
slippers	šlepetės
slippery	Slidu
slit	plyšys
sliver	sliver
slob	slob
slobber	slobberis
slogan	šūkis
sloop	Sloopas
slop	NO TRANSLATION
slope	nuolydis
sloppy	nenuilstantis
slot	lizdas
sloth	Liūdna
slouch	slouch
slough	šluota
slow	lėtas
slowly	lėtai
slowness	lėtas
sludge	dumblas
slug	šliužas
slugger	slugger
sluggish	vangus
sluice	šliuzas
slum	lūšna
slumber	snausti
slump	nuosmukis
slur	slysti
slurp	šlubuoti
slush	skalauti
slut	liemenė
slutty	slutty
sly	kvailas
smack	šokti
small	mažas
smaller	mažesnis
smallest	mažiausias
smallpox	raupas
smart	protingas
smartass	protinguolis
smarten	smarten
smarty	smarty
smash	sumušė
smashed	sumušė
smattering	smattering
smear	tepalas
smell	kvapas
smelling	kvapas
smelly	smirdantis
smelt	išdžiovinti
smidgen	smidgen
smile	šypsena
smiled	šypsosi
smiles	šypsosi
smiley	smiley
smiling	šypsosi
smirk	šnibžda
smite	smite
smith	Kalvis
smithereens	smeigtukai
smitten	sumuštas
smock	kvapas
smog	smogas
smoke	dūmai
smoker	rūkytojas
smokey	smokey
smoking	rūkymas
smoky	dūminis
smoldering	gilus
smooch	smooch
smooth	lygus
smoothie	vaisių kokteilio
smoothly	sklandžiai
smoothness	lygumas
smother	nušluostyti
smudge	pluta
smug	smagu
smuggle	kontrabanda
smuggler	kontrabandininkas
smuggling	kontrabanda
smut	smut
snack	užkandis
snacks	užkandžiai
snafu	snafu
snag	užsikimšęs
snags	snags
snail	sraigė
snake	gyvatė
snakes	gyvatės
snakeskin	snakeskinas
snap	snap
snapper	snapper
snappy	snappy
snapshot	fotografija
snare	spąstai
snarl	snarl
snarling	snarlingas
snatch	atsikratyti
snatcher	snatcher
snazzy	snazzy
sneak	sėlinti
sneaker	sneaker
sneakers	sportiniai bateliai
sneaking	siautėti
sneaky	paslėptas
sneer	sneer
sneeze	Čiaudėti
sneezing	čiaudėjimas
snicker	snaigė
snide	snide
sniff	šnipštas
snip	nuimkite
snipe	saldainis
sniper	snaiperis
snippet	fragmentas
snippy	šlykštus
snitch	snigtis
snob	snobas
snoop	snoop
snoopy	snoopy
snooty	nešvarus
snooze	snausti
snore	snukis
snorkel	snorkelė
snort	snortas
snot	snukis
snotty	snukis
snout	snukis
snow	sniegas
snowball	sniego kamuolys
snowboard	snieglentė
snowboarder	snieglentininkas
snowday	sniego diena
snowfall	sniegas
snowflake	snaigė
snowing	sniegas
snowmageddon	snowmagedon
snowman	sniego senis
snowplow	snowplow
snowstorm	snowstorm
snowy	snieguotas
snub	snub
snubbed	nuleidžiamas
snuff	snuffas
snug	tvirtas
snuggle	pasinerti
snuggled	prisirišęs
snuggles	snuggles
snuggling	pabėgimas
soak	mirkyti
soaked	mirkymas
soaking	mirkymas
soangry	NO TRANSLATION
soannoyed	NO TRANSLATION
soap	muilas
soapbox	muilas
soapy	muilas
soar	pakilti
soaring	didėjantis
sob	NO TRANSLATION
sober	blaivus
soblessed	NO TRANSLATION
sobriety	tylumas
soc	soc
soccer	futbolas
sociable	socialus
social	socialinis
socialanxiety	NO TRANSLATION
socialism	socializmas
socialist	socialistė
socialite	socialistas
socialize	bendrauti
society	visuomenė
sociology	sociologija
sociopath	sociopath
sock	kojinė
socket	lizdas
sod	sodas
soda	soda
soda/pop	soda / pop
sodding	sodring
sodium	natris
sofa	sofa
soft	minkštas
softball	futbolas
soften	minkština
softener	minkštiklis
softening	minkština
softly	švelniai
softness	minkštumas
software	programinė įranga
soggy	saldus
sohappy	labai laimingas
soil	dirvožemis
soiled	purvinas
soiree	vakarienė
sojourn	apsigyventi
solace	paguoda
solar	saulės energija
solarium	soliariumas
solder	litavimas
soldering	litavimas
soldier	kareivis
sole	vienintelis
solemn	iškilmingas
solicit	pakviesti
solicitation	prašymas
solicitor	advokatas
solid	tvirtas
solidarity	Solidarumas
solidification	kietėjimas
solidified	sustiprintas
solidify	sustiprinti
solidity	tvirtumas
solitaire	Solitaire
solitary	vienišas
solitude	vienatvė
solo	Solo
solubility	tirpumas
soluble	tirpus
solucky	toks laimingas
solution	tirpalas
solve	išspręsk
solvency	mokumas
solvent	tirpiklis
somad	NO TRANSLATION
somatic	somatinis
somber	siaubingas
some anticipation	kai tikimasi
some disgust	šiek tiek pasibjaurėjimas
some surprise	kažkoks staigmena
some trust	kai kurie pasitikėjimas
somersault	Somersault
somethingigetalot	NO TRANSLATION
somewhat negative	šiek tiek neigiamas
somewhat positive	šiek tiek teigiamas
somuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
son	sūnus
sonar	sonaras
sonata	sonata
sonervous	NO TRANSLATION
song	daina
songwriter	dainų autorius
sonic	Sonic
sonice	NO TRANSLATION
sonnet	sonetas
sonorous	skambesys
soot	suodžiai
soothe	nuraminti
soothing	raminantis
sophisticated	sudėtingas
sophistication	rafinuotumas
sophomore	antraisiais metais
sopissed	NO TRANSLATION
soppy	sopy
soprano	sopranas
sorcerer	burtininkas
sorcery	burtininkas
sordid	sordid
sore	skauda
soready	Soready
sorely	skausmingai
soreness	skausmas
sorghum	sorgo
sorority	sorority
sorrow	liūdesys
sorrowful	liūdnas
sorry	atsiprašau
sort	rūšiuoti
sorter	NO TRANSLATION
sortie	NO TRANSLATION
sorting	rūšiavimas
sos	NO TRANSLATION
soscared	labai išsigandęs
soscary	taip baisu
soslow	taip lėtai
sostressed	NO TRANSLATION
sosweet	sosweet
sothankful	NO TRANSLATION
sou	NO TRANSLATION
soul	siela
soulful	sielos
soulless	be jokios
soulmate	sielos draugas
sound	garsas
sounding	skamba
soundness	tvirtumas
soundproof	garso izoliacija
soundtrack	garso takelis
soup	sriuba
sour	rūgštus
source	šaltinis
sourpuss	sourpuss
south	pietuose
southbound	į pietus
southeast	į pietryčius
southern	pietuose
southpaw	lydinys
southwest	į pietvakarius
souvenir	suvenyrą
sovereign	suverenias
sovereignty	suverenitetas
soviet	soviet
sow	sėti
soy	soja
soy sauce	sojų padažas
soybean	sojos pupelės
spa	SPA
space	erdvė
spacecraft	erdvėlaivis
spaceman	spaceman
spaceship	erdvėlaivis
spacing	tarpai
spacious	erdvus
spade	lova
spaghetti	spagečiai
spam	šlamštas
spammers	spameriai
span	NO TRANSLATION
spandex	spandex
spaniel	spanielis
spank	spank
spanking	spanking
spar	skersinis
spare	atsarginis
spareribs	šonkauliukai
sparingly	taupiai
spark	kibirkštis
sparkle	spindesys
sparkling	putojantis
sparkly	sparkly
sparring	sparring
sparrow	žvirblis
sparse	retas
spasm	spazmas
spastic	spasta
spat	švaistyti
spatial	erdvinis
spatter	purkšti
spatula	mentele
spawn	neršti
spaz	spaz
speak	kalbėk
speakeasy	speakeasy
speaker	garsiakalbis
speakerphone	garsiakalbis
speaking	kalbant
spear	ietis
spec	Spec
special	ypatingas
specialist	specialistas
speciality	specialybė
specialize	NO TRANSLATION
specially	specialiai
specialty	specialybė
specie	NO TRANSLATION
species	rūšis
specific	konkretus
specification	specifikacija
specify	nurodykite
specimen	egzempliorius
speck	speck
speckled	grazus
specs	specifikacijos
spectacle	aklas
spectacles	akinius
spectacular	įspūdingas
spectator	žiūrovas
specter	spoksas
spectral	Spektrinis
spectrometer	spektrometras
spectrophotometer	spektrofotometras
spectroscopy	spektroskopija
spectrum	spektras
speculate	spėlioti
speculation	spekuliacija
speculative	spekuliacinis
speculum	spekulumas
speech	kalba
speechless	be kalbos
speed	greitis
speedboat	greitaeigė kateris
speedily	greitai
speeding	greičio viršijimas
speedometer	spidometras
speedway	greitkelis
speedy	greitas
spell	burtas
spellbound	spellbound
spelling	tarimas
spencer	spencer
spend	praleisti
spender	spenderas
spending	išlaidų
spent	išleista
sperm	sperma
spew	spew
sphere	sfera
spherical	sferinis
sphincter	sfinkteris
sphinx	sfinksas
spic	Spic
spice	prieskonis
spicy	aštrus
spider	voras
spiders	vorai
spiffy	siaubingas
spigot	tigras
spike	spiglys
spiked	spiked
spiky	šlykštus
spill	išsiliejimas
spillin	NO TRANSLATION
spin	nugara
spinach	špinatai
spinal	stuburas
spindle	suklys
spine	stuburo dalis
spineless	Spineless
spinner	Spinner
spinning	verpimo
spinster	spinster
spiny	smailas
spiral	spiralė
spire	spire
spirit	dvasia
spirited	energingas
spirits	spiritai
spiritual	dvasinis
spirituality	dvasingumas
spit	nerija
spite	nepaisant to
spiteful	piktas
spitfire	spitfire
spittoon	sijonas
splash	įstrigti
splat	simbolis
splatter	blaškytis
spleen	blužnis
splendid	nuostabus
splendor	didybė
splice	sujungimas
spline	spline
splint	skiltis
splinter	skalda
split	padalinti
splitting	padalijimas
splurge	išplėšti
spoil	sugadinti
spoiler	spoileris
spoiling	sugadinti
spoils	sugadinti
spoke	kalbėjo
spoken	pasakyta
spokesman	atstovas spaudai
spokesperson	spaudos atstovas
sponge	kempinė
spongy	spongy
sponsor	rėmėjas
sponsorship	rėmimas
spontaneity	spontaniškumas
spontaneous	spontaniškas
spoof	apgaulingas
spook	spooky
spooky	baisu
spool	ritė
spoon	šaukštas
spoonful	šaukštas
sporadic	atsitiktinis
spore	sporas
sport	Sportas
sporting	sporto
sports	sportas
sports car	Sportinė mašina
sportsman	sportininkas
sportsmanship	sportingumas
sportswriter	sportswriter
sporty	sportiškas
spot	vieta
spotless	tyliai
spotlight	prožektorius
spotted	pastebėtas
spotter	stebėtojas
spotty	pluta
spousal	sutuoktinė
spouse	sutuoktinis
spout	snapelis
sprain	suspaudimas
sprawl	sprawl
spray	purkšti
spread	skleisti
spreader	skirstytuvas
spree	šypsotis
spring	pavasaris
springtime	pavasarį
sprinkle	pabarstyti
sprinkler	purkštuvas
sprinkling	purškimas
sprint	sprintas
sprite	sprite
sprout	asaras
spruce	Eglė
spud	spud
spunk	spunk
spunky	siaubingas
spur	paskatinti
spurious	klaidingas
spurred	paskatino
spurt	spurtas
spy	šnipas
squabble	šmeižti
squad	būrys
squadron	eskadra
squall	škvalas
squamous	plokščialus
squander	išmesti
square	kvadratas
squash	skvošas
squat	pritūpęs
squatter	Squatter
squaw	skandalas
squawk	siaubas
squeak	Squeak
squeaky	čiulpia
squeal	šaukti
squealer	squealer
squeamish	gudrumas
squeeze	išspausti
squeezing	išspaudimas
squelch	šlifuoti
squid	kalmaras
squint	šuktelėti
squire	Squire
squirm	kramtyti
squirrel	voverė
squirt	squirt
squish	Squish
squishy	švelnus
stab	stab
stabbed	nudurtas
stability	stabilumas
stabilize	stabilizuoti
stabilizer	stabilizatorius
stable	stabilus
staccato	staccato
stack	surinkti
stadium	stadionas
staff	darbuotojai
stag	Stebuklas
stage	etapas
stagecoach	Stagecoach
stagehand	stagehand
stagger	pasipriešinti
staggering	stulbinantis
stagnant	sustingęs
stagnation	sąstingis
staid	staid
stain	dėmė
stained	dažytos
stainless	nerūdijantis
stair	laiptas
staircase	laiptinė
stairs	laiptai
stairway	laiptai
stairwell	laiptinė
stake	akcija
stakeout	palikimas
stale	pasenusi
stalemate	aklavietė
stalk	kotelis
stalker	persekiotojas
stall	stalas
stallion	eržilas
stalls	prekystaliai
stalwart	stalwart
stamina	ištvermė
stamp	antspaudas
stampede	paniekimas
stance	pozicija
stand	stovėti
standard	standartas
standardize	standartizuoti
standardized	standartizuotas
standby	laukimo režimas
standing	stovintis
standoff	atsilikimas
standpoint	požiūris
standstill	sustabdyti
standup	Atsistok
stanza	stanza
staph	staf
staple	kuokšteliniai
stapler	Stapler
star	žvaigždė
star fruit	karambola
starboard	dešinysis lėktuvas
starch	krakmolas
stardom	žvaigždė
stardust	stardust
stare	žvilgsnis
starfish	žvaigždynas
stargazing	stargazing
staring	žvilgsnis
stark	kietas
starlet	žvaigždutė
starlight	žvaigždutė
starling	garbanotasis
starry	žvaigždė
stars	žvaigždės
starship	žvaigždutė
start	pradėti
starter	starteris
startle	sumušimas
startled	nustebęs
startling	siaubingas
starvation	badas
starve	badauti
starved	badaujantis
starving	badaujantis
stash	Atlicināt
stat	stat
state	valstija
stately	didingas
statement	pareiškimas
stateroom	kajutė
stateside	valstijos valstija
statesman	valstybės vadovas
static	statinis
staticky	NO TRANSLATION
statics	statika
station	stotis
stationary	stacionarus
stationery	Raštinės reikmenys
statistic	statistika
statistical	statistinis
statistician	statistikas
stator	statorius
statuary	statulai
statue	statula
statuette	statulėlė
stature	augimas
status	statusas
statute	įstatai
statutory	įstatymais
staunch	tvirtas
stave	tvirtovė
stay	likti
stayaway	NO TRANSLATION
stayed	liko
stays	lieka
stead	vietoj
steadfast	tvirtas
steady	pastovus
steak	kepsnys
steakhouse	Steakhouse
steal	pavogti
stealing	vagystė
stealth	slaptumas
stealthily	slaptai
stealthy	slaptas
steam	garai
steamboat	garlaivis
steamer	garlaivis
steaming	garuose
steamroller	garo lenktynininkas
steamship	turejimas
steamy	garus
steel	plienas
steep	kietas
steeple	bokštas
steer	valdyti
steering	vairuoti
stellar	žvaigždė
stem	stiebas
stench	stench
stencil	trafaretas
stenographer	stenografas
step	žingsnis
stepdaughter	palikuonys
stepfather	Patėvis
stepmother	pamergė
steppe	stepė
steps	žingsniai
stepson	Padėtis
stereo	stereo
stereoscopic	stereoskopinis
stereotype	stereotipas
stereotyped	stereotipinis
sterile	sterilus
sterility	sterilumas
sterilize	sterilizuoti
sterling	sterlingas
stern	sargas
sternum	krūtinkaulis
steroid	steroidas
stethoscope	stetoskopas
stew	troškinti
steward	valdytojas
stewardess	Stjuarja
stewardship	valdymas
stfu	stfu
stick	klijuoti
sticker	lipdukas
sticking	klijuoti
stickler	stickler
stickup	laikytis
sticky	lipnus
stiff	standus
stiffen	sustiprinti
stiffness	standumas
stifle	užgniaužti
stifled	slopinamas
stifling	slopinantis
stigma	stigma
stile	NO TRANSLATION
stiletto	stiletto
stillbirth	negyvas gimimas
stillborn	negyvas
stillness	tamsumas
stillwaiting	NO TRANSLATION
stilts	kelnės
stimulant	stimuliatorius
stimulate	stimuliuoti
stimulating	stimuliuoja
stimulation	stimuliavimas
stimulus	stimulas
sting	girtis
stinger	stinger
stinging	švelnus
stingy	švelnus
stink	garsas
stinker	Stinker
stinking	liūdna
stinky	stinky
stint	tvirtumas
stipend	stipendija
stipulate	numatyti
stipulation	sąlyga
stir	maišyti
stirring	maišant
stitch	dygsnio
stitching	susiuvimas
stock	atsargos
stockade	lova
stockbroker	vertybinių popierių makleris
stockholder	akcininkas
stocking	sandėliavimas
stockings	kojinės
stockpile	atsargos
stockroom	sandėlis
stocks	atsargos
stoic	stoic
stole	pavogė
stolen	pavogtas
stomach	skrandis
stomachache	pilvo skausmas
stomp	stomp
stomped	Stomped
stone	akmuo
stoned	užmuštas akmenimis
stonewall	akmeninė siena
stoneware	keramikos dirbiniai
stony	akmenuotas
stooge	stooge
stool	išmatos
stools	išmatos
stoop	sustoti
stoopid	Stoopidas
stop	sustabdyti
stopover	sustojimas
stoppage	sustojimas
stopper	kamštis
stopping	sustojimas
stopwatch	chronometras
storage	saugojimas
store	parduotuvė
storefront	parduotuvė
storehouse	sandėlis
storeroom	sandėlis
storing	saugojimas
storm	audra
storming	šturmas
stormy	audringas
story	istorija
storybook	pasakojimo knyga
storyteller	pasakotojas
storytelling	pasakojimas
stound	sustingęs
stout	Stout
stove	viryklė
stow	stow
stowaway	stowaway
straddle	straddle
straight	tiesiai
straighten	ištiesinti
straightforward	paprasta
straightway	iš karto
strain	padermė
strained	įtemptas
strait	ankštas
straitjacket	straitjacket
straits	sąsiauriai
strand	kryptis
stranded	siaura
strange	keista
stranger	svetimas
strangle	pasislėpti
strangulation	stranguliavimas
strap	dirželis
strapless	strapless
strapping	dirželis
strata	sluoksniai
strategic	strateginis
strategist	strategas
strategy	strategija
stratification	stratifikacija
stratosphere	stratosfera
stratum	sluoksnis
stratus	stratus
straw	šiaudai
strawberry	braškių
stray	bjaurus
streak	serija
streaked	sijonas
stream	srautas
streamer	sijonas
streaming	srautas
streamline	supaprastinti
street	gatvė
streetcar	tramvajus
streetlight	gatvės šviesos
strength	jėga
strengthen	stiprinti
strengthening	stiprinti
strenuous	sunkus
strep	strep
stress	stresas
stressed	pabrėžė
stresses	pabrėžia
stressfree	NO TRANSLATION
stressful	stresas
stressin	NO TRANSLATION
stressing	pabrėždamas
stressrelief	NO TRANSLATION
stretch	ruožas
stretcher	neštukas
stricken	nukentėjo
strict	griežtas
stride	žingsnis
strife	nesantaika
strike	streikuoti
strikeout	išbraukti
striker	puolėjas
striking	ryškus
strikingly	nuostabiai
string	eilutė
strings	stygos
stringy	Styginis
strip	juostelė
stripe	juostelė
striped	dryžuotas
stripped	išvalytas
stripper	striptizas
striptease	striptizas
strive	stenkitės
strobe	strobe
stroke	insultas
stroll	pasivaikščioti
stroller	vežimėlis
strolling	pasivaikščiojimas
strong	stiprus
stronghold	tvirtovė
strongly	stipriai
structural	struktūrinis
structure	struktūra
strudel	strudelas
struggle	kova
strut	statramstis
stub	netikras
stubbed	apsuptas
stubble	kiškis
stubborn	užsispyręs
stubbornness	užsispyrimas
stubby	nežmoniškas
stucco	tinkas
stuck	įstrigo
stuckup	NO TRANSLATION
stud	stud
studded	dygliuotas
student	studentas
studied	studijavo
studio	studija
study	studijuoti
stuff	daiktai
stuffed animal	iškamša
stuffing	įdaryti
stuffy	uždaras
stumble	pasipiktinti
stump	kumpas
stumped	stumped
stun	apsvaiginti
stunned	apsvaigintas
stunner	Stunner
stunning	apsvaiginimo
stunt	triukas
stunted	stunted
stuntman	kaskadininkas
stupefaction	apsvaiginimas
stupefy	stupefy
stupendous	milžiniškas
stupid	kvailas
stupidity	kvailys
stupidpeople	NO TRANSLATION
stupidrain	NO TRANSLATION
stupor	stuporas
sturdy	tvirtas
sturgeon	erškėlis
stutter	mikčioti
sty	sty
style	stilius
styling	stilius
stylish	stilingas
stylist	stilistas
suave	kvailas
sub	sub
subatomic	subatominis
subcommittee	pakomitetis
subconscious	pasąmonė
subcutaneous	po oda
subdivide	padalinti
subdivision	padalinys
subduction	subdukcija
subdue	pavergti
subdued	subtilus
subdural	subdural
subito	NO TRANSLATION
subject	dalykas
subjected	patyrė
subjection	paklusnumas
subjective	subjektyvus
subjugation	subjugavimas
sublet	subtitras
sublevel	pogrupis
sublimation	sublimacija
sublime	didingas
subliminal	subliminalus
submarine	povandeninis laivas
submerge	nuversti
submerged	panardintas
submersible	panardinamas
submission	pateikimas
submissive	paklusnus
submit	Pateikti
submitting	pateikimas
subordinate	pavaldus
subordination	pavaldumas
subplot	subplotas
subpoena	teismo šaukimas
subscribe	Prenumeruoti
subscriber	abonentas
subscription	prenumerata
subsequence	poezija
subsequent	vėlesnis
subsequently	vėliau
subservient	pagalbininkas
subset	pogrupis
subside	pablogėja
subsidence	nusileidimas
subsidiary	dukterinė įmonė
subsidize	subsidijuoti
subsidy	subsidija
subsist	išlikti
subsistence	pragyvenimas
subsoil	podirvyje
subspace	subspace
substance	medžiaga
substandard	neatitinkantis
substantial	esminis
substantially	iš esmės
substantiate	pagrįsti
substantive	esminis
substation	pastotė
substitute	pakeisti
substituted	pakeistas
substitution	pakeitimas
substructure	pagrindas
subterranean	požeminis
subtext	potekstė
subtitle	paantraštė
subtle	subtilus
subtlety	subtilumas
subtract	atimti
subtraction	atimtis
subtype	potipis
suburb	priemiestyje
suburban	priemiestis
suburbia	priemiestyje
suburbs	priemiesčiuose
subversion	subversija
subversive	griaunantis
subvert	suplakti
subway	metro
succeed	pasisekė
succeeding	sėkmingai
success	sėkmė
successful	sėkmingas
succession	paveldėjimas
successive	nuoseklios
successor	perėmėjas
succinct	glausta
succubus	Succubus
succulent	sultingas
succumb	pasiduoti
suck	čiulpia
sucker	siurblys
sucking	čiulpti
suckling	žindyti
sucks	sucks
suction	siurbimas
sudden	staiga
suddenly	staiga
suds	pudra
sue	iškelti bylą
suede	zomša
suffer	kenčia
sufferer	kančia
suffering	kančios
suffice	pakakti
sufficiency	pakankamumas
sufficient	pakankamai
sufficiently	pakankamai
suffix	priesaga
suffocate	kvėpuoti
suffocating	dusinanti
suffocation	dusulys
sugar	cukrus
suggest	pasiūlyti
suggestion	pasiūlymas
suggestive	įžanginis
suicidal	savižudis
suicide	savižudis
suicidebombing	NO TRANSLATION
suit	kostiumas
suitable	tinkamas
suitcase	lagaminas
suite	liuksas
suitor	gerbėjas
sulfate	sulfatas
sulfur	siera
sulk	sūkurys
sullen	nuobodus
sully	Sully
sulphur	siera
sultan	sultonas
sultry	švelnus
sum	suma
summarily	trumpai
summarize	apibendrinti
summary	santrauka
summation	sumavimas
summer	vasara
summerhouse	vasarnamis
summertime	vasaros laikas
summit	aukščiausiojo lygio susitikimas
summon	iškviesti
summons	šaukimas
sumo	sumo
sump	krosnelė
sumptuous	puošnus
sun	saulė
sunbeam	saulės spindulys
sunburn	saulės nudegimas
sundae	sundae
sunday	sekmadienis
sundial	saulės laikrodis
sundown	saundown
sundry	kita
sunflower	saulėgrąža
sunglass	saulės akiniai
sunglasses	akiniai nuo saulės
sunk	nuskendo
sunken	nuskęsta
sunless	be saulės
sunlight	saulės spinduliai
sunny	saulėtas
sunrise	saulėtekis
sunroof	stoglangis
sunscreen	apsauga nuo saulės
sunset	saulėlydis
sunshine	saulės šviesa
suntan	įdegis
sunup	saulės spindulys
sup	sup
super	super
superannuation	senatvės pensija
superb	puikiai
superficial	paviršutiniškas
superfluous	nereikalingas
superhero	Super herojus
superhuman	pernelyg žmogus
superimposed	antklodė
superintendent	supervizorius
superior	pranašesnis
superiority	pranašumas
superlative	aukščiausioji
superman	supermenas
supermarket	prekybos centras
supermodel	supermodelis
supernatant	supernatantas
supernatural	antgamtinis
supernova	supernova
superposition	superpozicija
superpower	didžioji galia
supersede	pakeis
superstar	superžvaigždė
superstition	prietarai
superstitious	prietaringas
superstore	supermarketas
supervise	prižiūrėti
supervision	priežiūra
supervisor	vadovas
supper	vakarienė
suppertime	suppertime
supplant	pasitraukti
supple	elastingas
supplement	priedas
supplemental	papildomas
supplementary	papildomas
supplication	malda
supplier	tiekėjas
supplies	reikmenys
supply	tiekimas
support	parama
supported	palaikoma
supporter	rėmėjas
supporters	rėmėjai
supporting	palaikymas
supportive	palaikomasis
suppose	tarkime
supposed	tariamas
supposing	tariant
supposition	prielaida
suppress	slopinti
suppression	slopinimas
supremacy	viršenybė
supreme	aukščiausias
supremely	puikiai
surcharge	papildomas mokestis
sure	tikrai
surety	laidavimas
surf	naršyti
surface	paviršius
surfboard	banglentė
surfer	banglentininkas
surge	banga
surgeon	chirurgas
surgery	chirurgija
surgical	chirurginis
surly	drąsus
surmise	prielaidą
surname	pavardė
surpassing	pranoksta
surplus	perteklius
surprise	siurprizas
surprised	siurprizas
surprises	siurprizai
surprising	stebina
surprisingly	stebėtinai
surreal	sirrealas
surrender	pasidavimas
surrendering	pasiduodamas
surrogate	surogatas
surround	apsupti
surrounding	apylinkes
surroundings	apylinkes
surveillance	stebėjimas
survey	apklausa
surveying	geodezija
surveyor	inspektorius
survival	išgyvenimas
survive	išgyventi
surviving	išgyventi
survivor	išgyvenęs
susceptibility	jautrumas
susceptible	jautrus
sushi	sushi
suspect	įtariamasis
suspected	įtariama
suspend	sustabdyti
suspended	sustabdytas
suspenders	kelnaitės
suspense	neveiklumas
suspension	sustabdymas
suspicion	įtarimas
suspicions	įtarimai
suspicious	įtartinas
sustain	išlaikyti
sustained	ilgalaikis
sustenance	palaikymas
suture	siuvimas
suv	suv
sux	NO TRANSLATION
swab	tamponu
swag	swag
swagger	swagger
swallow	nuryti
swami	swami
swamp	pelkė
swamped	užplaukė
swampy	pelkėtas
swan	gulbė
swank	swank
swap	apsikeitimo sandoris
swarm	gurkšnis
swarming	banguotas
swastika	Swastika
swat	swat
sway	pasikeisti
swear	prisiekti
swearing	prisiekiu
sweat	prakaitas
sweater	džemperis
sweating	prakaitavimas
sweatshirt	marškinėliai
sweatshop	sweatshop
sweaty	prakaituotas
sweep	valymas
sweeper	ploviklis
sweeping	valymas
sweet	saldus
sweeten	saldinti
sweetened	saldintas
sweetener	saldiklis
sweetest	Sweetest
sweetheart	brangioji
sweetie	saldainis
sweetness	saldumas
sweets	saldumynai
swell	išsiplėsti
swelling	patinimas
sweltering	bėgantis
swerve	pasisukti
swift	greitas
swiftly	greitai
swig	swig
swill	swill
swim	plaukti
swimmer	plaukikas
swimming	maudytis
swimsuit	maudymosi kostiumėlį
swindle	apgaulė
swindler	aklai
swine	kiaulės
swing	sūpynės
swinger	swinger
swinging	sūpynės
swipe	braukite
swirl	sūkurys
swish	swish
switch	perjungti
switchblade	switchblade
switchboard	skydas
swivel	pasukamas
swollen	patinsta
swoon	sumišimas
swoop	atsikratyti
sword	Kardas
swordfish	durklažuvė
swordplay	kardinolas
swordsman	kalavijas
sycamore	Sycamore
syllable	skiemuo
syllabus	mokymo programa
symbiotic	simbiozinis
symbol	simbolis
symbolic	simbolinis
symbolically	simboliškai
symbolism	simbolika
symbolize	simbolizuoja
symmetric	simetriškas
symmetrical	simetriškas
symmetry	simetrija
sympathetic	simpatiškas
sympathize	užjausti
sympathy	užuojautą
symphonic	simfoninis
symphony	simfonija
symposium	simpoziumas
symptom	simptomas
symptomatic	simptominis
synagogue	sinagoga
synapse	sinapsė
synaptic	sinaptika
sync	sinchronizuoti
synchronize	sinchronizuoti
synchronous	sinchroninis
syncope	sinkopė
syndicate	sindikatas
syndrome	sindromas
synergistic	sinergetinis
synergy	sinergija
synod	Sinodas
synonym	sinonimas
synonymous	sinonimas
synopsis	santrauka
synoptic	sinoptinis
syntax	sintaksė
synthesis	sintezė
synthesizer	sintezatorius
synthetic	sintetinis
syphilis	sifilis
syringe	švirkštas
syrup	sirupas
system	sistema
systematic	sistemingas
systematically	sistemingai
t-shirt	marškinėliai
tab	skirtukas
tabasco	tabasco
tabby	tabby
tabernacle	palapinė
table	stalas
tableau	NO TRANSLATION
tablecloth	staltiesė
tablespoon	šaukštas
tablet	tablėtė
tableware	indai
tabloid	tabloidas
taboo	tabu
tabular	lentelė
tabulate	lentelė
tabulation	lentelė
tachometer	tachometras
tacit	tylus
tack	takas
tackle	spręsti
tackled	spręsti
tackling	spręsti
tacky	lipnus
taco	taco
tact	taktas
tactful	taktinis
tactic	taktika
tactical	taktinis
tactics	taktika
tactile	palydovas
tad	NO TRANSLATION
tadpole	čiulptukas
taffeta	tafts
taffy	taffy
tag	žyma
tail	uodega
tailed	tailed
tailgate	bagažinės durys
tailings	atliekos
taillight	Užpakalinis žibintas
tailor	pritaikytas
tailoring	siuvimas
tailpipe	išmetimo vamzdis
taint	gaila
take	pasiimti
takeoff	kilimas
takeout	ištraukimas
takeover	perimti
taker	gavėjas
talcum	talpas
tale	pasaka
talent	talentas
talented	talentingas
talisman	talismanas
talk	kalbėti
talkative	kalbantis
talker	pokalbis
tall	aukštas
tallies	tallies
tallow	lervas
tally	pasakyti
talon	talonas
talons	NO TRANSLATION
tambourine	tamburinas
tame	NO TRANSLATION
tamer	Tamer
taming	prijaukinti
tamper	įsilaužėlis
tampon	tamponas
tan	tan
tandem	tandemas
tang	tang
tangent	liestinė
tangerine	mandarinas
tangible	materialus
tangle	susipainioti
tangled	susipainioti
tango	tango
tank	rezervuaras
tank top	marškinėliai
tanker	tanklaivis
tanned	raugintos
tantalizing	tantalizing
tantamount	lygiavertis
tantrum	tantrum
taoism	taoizmas
tap	bakstelėkite
tape	juosta
tape measure	Ruletė
taper	smailas
tapering	siaurėjantis
tapestry	gobelenas
tapeworm	kaspinuočiai
tapioca	tapijoka
taps	čiaupai
tar	dervas
tarantula	tarantula
tardiness	tardiness
tardy	tardy
target	taikinys
targeted	tikslinė
targeting	taikymas
tariff	tarifas
tarmac	asfaltas
tarnish	sumušti
tarot	tarot
tarp	NO TRANSLATION
tarry	pasilikti
tart	tortas
tartan	tartanas
tartar	dantenas
task	užduotis
tassel	pučia
taste	skonis
tasteful	skoningas
tasteless	beskonis
tasting	degustacija
tasty	skanus
tat	tat
tattler	Tattler
tattletale	tattletale
tattoo	tatuiruotė
taught	mokė
taunt	juoktis
taupe	taupe
taut	taut
tavern	tavern
tawdry	tawdry
tawny	tawny
tax	mokestis
taxed	apmokestinamas
taxi	taksi
taxicab	Taksi
taxonomy	taksonomija
taxpayer	mokesčių mokėtojas
tea	arbata
teach	mokyti
teacher	mokytojas
teaching	mokymas
teacup	arbata
teahouse	Teo
teal	kietas
team	komanda
teamjesus	NO TRANSLATION
teammate	komandos draugas
teamwork	komandinis darbas
teapot	arbata
tear	ašarojimas
tearful	ašarojimas
tearsofjoy	NO TRANSLATION
teary	tearis
tease	erzinti
teaser	teaser
teasing	erzinti
teaspoon	arbatinis šaukštelis
teat	šikšnosparnis
teatime	arbatos metas
tech	tech
technical	techninis
technicality	techniškumas
technician	technikas
technique	technika
techno	techno
technological	technologinis
technology	technologija
ted	ted
teddy bear	meškiukas
tedious	nuobodus
tedium	tediumas
tee	tee
teeming	plakimas
teen	paauglys
teenage	paauglys
teenager	paauglys
teens	paaugliai
teensy	paauglys
teeny	paauglys
teeth	dantys
teething	dantis
teflon	Teflonas
telegram	telegrama
telegraph	telegrafas
telekinesis	telekinezė
telemetry	telemetrija
telepathic	telepathic
telepathy	telepathija
telephone	telefonas
telescope	teleskopas
telescopic	teleskopinis
telethon	telethon
teletype	teletype
televised	televizoriai
television	televizorius
tell	pasakyk
teller	mokytojas
telling	sakydamas
telltale	signalizatorius
temp	temp
temper	temperamentas
tempera	tempera
temperament	temperamentas
temperamental	temperamentingas
temperance	nuolankumas
temperate	vidutiniškas
temperature	temperatūra
tempered	grūdintas
tempest	audra
template	šablonas
temple	šventykla
tempo	NO TRANSLATION
temporal	laiko
temporarily	laikinai
temporary	laikinas
tempt	gundyti
temptation	pagunda
tempting	viliojanti
temptress	Temptress
ten	dešimt
tenable	tvirtas
tenacious	tvirtas
tenacity	tvirtumas
tenancy	nuoma
tenant	nuomininkas
tend	linkę
tendency	tendencija
tender	švelnus
tenderfoot	pasiūla
tenderness	švelnumas
tending	linkęs
tendon	sausgyslė
tenement	nuoma
tenet	principas
tenets	principai
tenfold	dešimt kartų
tennis	tenisas
tenor	tenoras
tense	įtempta
tensile	tempimas
tension	įtampa
tent	palapinė
tentacle	čiuptuvas
tentative	preliminarus
tenth	dešimtas
tenths	dešimtadaliai
tenuous	menkas
tenure	valdžia
tepee	tepee
tepid	šiltas
tequila	tekila
teriyaki	teriyaki
term	terminas
terminal	terminalas
terminate	nutraukti
termination	nutraukimas
terminator	terminatorius
terminology	terminologija
terminus	galutinis terminas
termite	termitas
terms	terminai
tern	ternas
ternary	tris kartus
terrace	terasa
terrain	reljefas
terrestrial	antžeminis
terrible	baisi
terribly	siaubingai
terrier	terjeras
terrific	nuostabus
terrified	siaubu
terrifies	siaubia
terrify	siaubti
terrifying	siaubingas
territorial	teritorinis
territory	teritorija
terror	teroras
terrorism	terorizmas
terrorist	teroristas
terrorists	teroristai
terrorize	terorizuoti
terse	trumpas
tertiary	tretinis
test	bandymas
testament	testamentas
testicle	sėklidė
testicular	sėklidžių
testify	liudyti
testimonial	atsiliepimas
testimony	liudijimas
testosterone	testosteronas
testy	NO TRANSLATION
tetanus	stabligė
tether	juostos
tethered	pririštas
tetrahedral	tetraedrinis
text	tekstas
textbook	vadovėlis
textile	tekstilė
textural	textural
texture	tekstūra
tgif	tgif
thank	ačiū
thankful	dėkingas
thankgod	ačiū Dievui
thanking	ačiū
thankless	nesveiki
thanks	dėkoju
thanksalot	NO TRANSLATION
thanksgiving	padėka
thankyougod	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoujesus	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoulord	NO TRANSLATION
thatch	sijonas
thatmoment	NO TRANSLATION
thaumaturgy	tauumaturgija
thaw	atšildyti
theater	teatras
theatrical	teatro
theatrics	teatrą
thebest	geriausias
theft	vagystė
theism	teizmas
theistic	teistinis
thelife	gyvenimas
thelittlethings	NO TRANSLATION
theme	tema
theocracy	teokratija
theocratic	teokratiškas
theologian	teologas
theological	teologinis
theology	teologija
theorem	teorema
theoretical	teorinis
theory	teorija
therapeutic	terapinis
therapeutics	terapija
therapist	terapeutas
therapy	terapija
thereabouts	šalia
thereof	iš jos
therewith	su juo
thermal	terminis
thermocouple	termoelementas
thermodynamics	termodinamika
thermometer	termometras
thermos	termosas
thermostat	termostatas
thesaurus	tezauras
thesis	disertacija
thick	storas
thicken	susitraukti
thickening	susitraukimas
thicket	bobutė
thickness	storis
thief	vagis
thigh	šlaunys
thimble	antgalis
thin	plonas
thing	dalykas
things	dalykai
thingy	dalykas
think	pagalvok
thinker	mąstytojas
thinking	mąstymas
third	trečias
thirds	trečdaliai
thirst	troškulys
thirsty	ištroškęs
thirteen	trylika
thirteenth	tryliktoji
thirty	trisdešimt
thistle	barzdas
thither	ten
thong	sijonas
thorn	erškėtis
thorny	aštrus
thorough	kruopštus
thoroughbred	grynakraujis
thoroughfare	magistralė
thought	minties
thoughtful	sąmoningas
thoughtfulness	sąmojingas
thoughtless	neapgalvotas
thoughts	mintis
thousand	tūkstantis
thrash	Thrash
thread	siūlas
threat	grėsmė
threaten	grasinti
threatened	gresia pavojus
threatening	grasinanti
three	trys
threefold	tris kartus
threesome	trisdešimt
thresh	šluostyti
threshold	slenkstis
thrice	tris kartus
thrift	taupymas
thrifty	taupus
thrill	jaudulys
thrilled	sužavėtas
thriller	trileris
thrilling	jaudinantis
thrive	klestėti
thriving	klesti
throat	gerklė
throb	siaubas
throbbing	pulsuojantis
throes	mesti
throne	sostas
throng	pilka
throttle	droselinė sklendė
throw	mesti
throwback	grįžti
thrower	metimas
thrown	mesti
thrush	pienelis
thrust	trauka
thruster	variklis
thud	Thud
thug	bjaurus
thumb	nykščiu
thumbprint	antspaudas
thump	sumušti
thumper	sumuštinis
thumping	siaubingas
thunder	griauna
thunderbolt	griaustinis sprogimas
thunderclap	Thunderclap
thundering	griauniantis
thunderstorm	griauna
thunderstruck	griaustinis
thwart	nulaužti
thx	Ačiū
thyme	čiobreliai
thyroid	skydliaukė
tiara	tiara
tibia	blauzdikaulis
tic	Tic
tick	pažymėti
ticked	pažymėta
ticker	simbolis
ticket	bilietas
tickle	pakelti
tickled	skamba
ticklish	Ticklish
tidal	potvynis
tidal wave	potvynio banga
tidbit	tidbit
tide	banga
tidings	žinia
tidy	tvarkingas
tie	kaklaraištis
tier	pakopa
tiff	tiff
tiger	tigras
tighten	priveržkite
tightness	sandarumas
tightrope	tvarsliava
tights	pėdkelnės
tilde	Tildė
tile	plytelės
tiling	plyteles
till	NO TRANSLATION
tillage	dirvimas
tiller	griovelis
tilt	pakreipti
tilting	pakreipiamas
timber	mediena
timberland	mediena
timbre	tembras
time	laikas
timeless	amžinai
timeliness	savalaikiškumas
timely	laiku
timeout	laikas baigėsi
timepiece	laikrodis
timer	laikmatis
times	laikai
timetable	tvarkaraštis
timewasters	NO TRANSLATION
timid	bjaurus
timidity	bailumas
timing	laikas
tin	NO TRANSLATION
tincture	Tinktūra
tine	NO TRANSLATION
tinfoil	folija
tinge	atspalvis
tingle	kvapas
tingling	dilgčiojimas
tinker	tinkeris
tinkering	tinkering
tinkle	NO TRANSLATION
tinkling	tinkling
tinnitus	spengimas ausyse
tinsel	milteliai
tint	atspalvis
tiny	mažas
tip	patarimas
tipper	savivartis
tipster	patarėjas
tipsy	tipy
tiptoe	pirštinė
tirade	tirade
tire	padanga
tired	pavargęs
tiredness	nuovargis
tiredofit	NO TRANSLATION
tireless	nenuilstantis
tiresome	varginantis
tiring	nuobodu
tissue	audinys
tistheseason	NO TRANSLATION
tit	šunys
titan	Titanas
titanic	titaniškas
titanium	titanas
tithe	dešimtinė
title	pavadinimas
titled	su pavadinimu
titty	titty
titular	NO TRANSLATION
toad	rupūžė
toast	skrudinta duona
toaster	skrudintuvas
toasty	toasty
tobacco	tabakas
toby	toby
tod	todël
today	šiandien
toddler	berniukas
toe	pirštas
toenail	kojos piršto nagas
toffee	tofis
tofu	tofu
toga	NO TRANSLATION
together	kartu
togetherness	bendravimas
toil	darbas
toilet	tualetas
toils	rutuliai
token	simbolis
tolerable	toleruojamas
tolerance	tolerancija
tolerant	tolerantiškas
tolerate	toleruoti
toleration	tolerancija
toll	rinkliava
tomahawk	tomahawk
tomato	pomidoras
tomatoes	pomidorai
tomb	kapas
tombstone	kapinės
tomcat	Tomcat
tome	tome
tomorrow	rytoj
ton	NO TRANSLATION
tone	tonas
toner	tonikas
tong	NO TRANSLATION
tongs	žnyplės
tongue	liežuvis
tonic	tonikas
tonnage	tonažas
tonsils	tonzilės
toocold	NO TRANSLATION
tool	įrankis
toolbox	įrankių rinkinys
tooling	įrankiai
toomuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
toot	produktas
tooth	dantis
toothache	dantų skausmas
toothbrush	dantų šepetėlis
toothed	dantyta
toothless	be dantų
toothpaste	dantų pasta
toothpick	dantų pasta
toots	toots
top	viršuje
topaz	Topazas
topic	tema
topical	aktuali
topless	topless
topographic	topografinis
topographical	topografinis
topography	topografija
topple	nuleisti
topside	viršuje
tor	toris
torch	žibintuvėlis
torment	kankinimai
tormented	kankina
torn	suplyšusi
tornado	tornadas
torpedo	torpedas
torque	sukimo momentas
torrent	torrent
torrid	saldus
torsion	sukimasis
torso	liemuo
tort	deliktas
tortious	tariamai
tortoise	vėžlys
tortuous	bjaurus
torture	kankinimas
tortured	kankinamas
toss	išmesti
tot	NO TRANSLATION
total	iš viso
totality	visuma
totally	visiškai
tote	tote
totem	totemas
touch	paliesti
touchdown	nusileidimas
touched	palietė
touching	paliesti
touchy	nešvarus
tough	kietas
toughen	sustiprinti
toughness	tvirtumas
toupee	puodelis
tour	kelionė
tourism	turizmas
tourist	turistinis
tourmaline	turmalinas
tournament	turnyras
tourniquet	tourniquet
tout	NO TRANSLATION
tow	vilkti
towel	rankšluostis
tower	bokštas
towering	baisus
town	Miestas
townhouse	Townhouse
township	miestelio
townspeople	miestiečiai
toxic	toksiškas
toxicity	toksiškumas
toxicology	toksikologija
toxin	toksinas
toy	žaislas
toymaker	toymaker
trace	atsekti
traceable	atsekamas
tracer	tracer
traces	pėdsakai
trachea	trachėja
tracing	atsekimas
track	sekti
tracker	trackeris
tract	traktas
tractable	tractable
traction	trauka
tractor	traktorius
trade	prekyba
trademark	prekės ženklas
trader	prekybininkas
tradesman	prekybininkas
trading	prekyba
tradition	tradicija
traditional	tradicinis
traffic	eismas
traffic light	šviesoforas
trafficking	prekyba žmonėmis
tragedies	tragedijos
tragedy	tragedija
tragic	tragiškas
trail	takas
trailer	priekaba
train	traukinys
train set	traukinio rinkinys
trained	treniruotas
trainee	stažuotojas
trainer	treneris
training	mokymas
trait	bruožas
traitor	išdavikas
traitorous	nusikaltėlio
trajectory	trajektorija
tram	tramvajus
tramp	trampinė
trample	sunaikinti
trampoline	batutas
tramway	tramvajus
trance	trance
tranquil	ramus
tranquility	ramybė
tranquilizer	raminamoji medžiaga
transact	sandoruoti
transaction	sandoris
transatlantic	transatlantinė
transceiver	siųstuvas imtuvas
transcend	peržengti
transcendence	transcendencija
transcendent	transcendentinis
transcendental	transcendentinis
transcribe	transkribuoti
transcriber	transkriptorius
transcript	stenograma
transcription	transkripcija
transfer	perduoti
transference	perėjimas
transferred	perduotas
transfixed	transfiksuotas
transform	paversti
transformation	transformacija
transformer	transformatorius
transfusion	transfuzija
transgression	nusikaltimas
transient	trumpalaikis
transistor	tranzistorius
transit	tranzitas
transition	perėjimas
transitional	pereinamojo laikotarpio
transitive	tranzitinis
transitory	laikinas
translate	išversti
translation	vertimas
translator	vertėjas
translocation	perkėlimas
translucent	permatomas
transmission	transmisija
transmit	perduoti
transmitter	siųstuvas
transmutation	transmutacija
transom	Transom
transparency	skaidrumas
transparent	skaidrus
transplant	transplantacija
transplantation	transplantacija
transponder	atsakiklis
transport	transportas
transportation	gabenimas
transporter	vežėjas
transpose	perkelti
transposition	perkėlimas
transsexual	transseksualas
transverse	skersai
transvestite	transvestitas
trap	spąstai
trapdoor	talpykla
trapeze	trapecija
trapped	įstrigę
trapper	traperis
trapping	spąstai
trappings	apkaustai
traps	spąstai
trash	šiukšlių dėžė
trashy	netinkamas
trauma	trauma
traumatic	trauminis
travail	NO TRANSLATION
travel	kelionė
traveler	keliautojas
traveling	keliauti
traverse	važiuokite
travesty	travesty
trawl	tralis
trawler	traleris
tray	dėklas
treacherous	klastingas
treachery	išdavystė
tread	protektorius
treadmill	Bėgimo takelis
treason	išdavystė
treasure	lobis
treasured	branginamas
treasurer	iždininkas
treasures	lobiai
treasury	iždas
treat	gydyk
treatable	gydoma
treatise	traktatas
treatment	gydymas
treaty	sutartis
treble	triskart
tree	medis
trees	medžiai
trek	kelionė
trellis	grilis
tremble	drebėti
trembling	drebulys
tremendous	didžiulis
tremendously	nepaprastai
tremor	drebulys
trench	tranšėjos
trend	tendencija
trending	tendencija
trendy	madinga
trepidation	trepidas
trespass	nusižengimas
triad	triadas
triage	triažas
trial	bandomasis
triangle	trikampis
triangular	trikampis
triangulate	trianguliacija
triathlon	triatlonas
tribal	gentis
tribe	gentis
tribulation	bėdas
tribunal	tribunolas
tribune	tribūnas
tributary	intakas
tribute	duoklė
trick	triukas
trickery	apgaulė
trickle	sūkurys
trickster	trickster
tricky	sudėtinga
tricycle	triratis
trident	tridentas
trifle	smulkmena
trifling	triflingas
trig	trig
trigger	sukelti
trigonometry	trigonometrija
trillion	trilijonas
trilogy	trilogija
trim	apkarpyti
trimester	trimestras
trimmer	trimmeris
trimming	apipjaustymas
trine	trine
trinity	trinybė
trinket	drobė
trio	trio
trip	kelionė
tripartite	trišalis
tripe	tripe
triple	trigubas
triplet	tripletas
triplicate	tris kartus
tripod	trikojis
tripping	atsikratyti
trite	kvailas
tritium	tritis
triumph	triumfas
triumphant	triumfuoja
trivia	smulkmenos
trivial	trivialus
troll	Trollas
trolley	vežimėlis
trombone	trombonas
troop	kariuomenė
trooper	trooper
troops	kariai
trophy	trofėjus
tropic	tropinis
tropical	atogrąžų
tropics	tropikai
trot	raitelis
trouble	bėdas
troubled	neramus
troublemaker	baimintuotojas
troubles	rūpesčiai
troublesome	varginantis
trough	žemyn
troupe	trupė
trousers	kelnės
trout	upėtakis
trowel	mentele
truce	paliaubas
truck	sunkvežimis
trucker	sunkvežimio vairuotojas
truckload	krovininis krautuvas
truculent	truculent
true	TIESA
truelove	tikra meilė
truffle	triufelis
truism	truizmas
trump	trumpas
trumpet	trimitas
trumpeter	trimitas
truncate	sutrumpinti
truncated	sutrumpintas
trundle	trenkstis
trunk	bagažinė
truss	santūra
trust	pasitikėjimas
trustee	patikėtinis
trusting	pasitikėti
trustworthy	patikimas
trusty	patikimas
truth	tiesa
truthful	tiesa
truthfulness	teisingumas
try	bandyti
tryout	pabandyk
tryouts	tryouts
tsunami	cunamis
tub	vonia
tuba	Tuba
tubby	vamzdelis
tube	vamzdis
tuberculosis	tuberkuliozė
tubing	vamzdeliai
tubular	vamzdinis
tubule	vamzdelis
tuck	pakelti
tucker	tucker
tuesday	antradienis
tufted	kutenis
tug	vilkikas
tugboat	vilkikas
tuition	mokymasis
tulip	tulpė
tumble	sunaikinti
tumbler	NO TRANSLATION
tumbleweed	veislynas
tummy	pilvukė
tumor	navikas
tumour	navikas
tumult	triukšmas
tumultuous	audringas
tun	NO TRANSLATION
tuna	tunas
tunable	derinamas
tune	sureguliuoti
tunic	tunika
tuning	tuningas
tunnel	tunelis
turban	turbanas
turbidity	drumstumas
turbine	turbina
turbo	turbo
turbulence	turbulencija
turbulent	neramumas
turd	turd
turf	velėna
turkey	Turkija
turmeric	ciberžolė
turmoil	neramumai
turn	pasukti
turnaround	apsisuk
turned	Paaiškėjo
turning	tekinimas
turnip	ropė
turnkey	raktas
turnoff	NO TRANSLATION
turnout	rinkimuose
turnover	apyvarta
turnpike	turnpike
turntable	turntable
turpentine	terpentinas
turquoise	turkis
turret	bokštelis
turtle	vėžlys
turtleneck	apykaklė
tussle	Tulsle
tutelage	globos įstaiga
tutor	mokytojas
tutoring	mokymasis
tutu	Tetu
tux	Tux
tuxedo	smokingas
tv	tv
twain	twain
twat	twat
twats	twats
tweak	įgnybti
tweed	Tvidas
tweet	Čivināšana
tweezers	pincetas
twelfth	dvyliktoji
twelve	dvylika
twentieth	dvidešimtoji
twenty	dvidešimt
twerp	twerp
twig	šakelė
twilight	Saulėlydis
twill	ryklys
twin	dvynukas
twine	virvutė
twinge	twinge
twinkle	mirkčioti
twins	dvyniai
twirl	pasukti
twist	Tvist
twisted	susukti
twister	twister
twit	twit
twitch	trauktis
twitching	trauktis
twitchy	niūrus
two	du
two step	du žingsniai
twofaced	NO TRANSLATION
twofold	du kartus
twosome	dviaukštis
tycoon	Tycoon
tyke	tyke
type	tipo
typewriter	rašomąja mašinėle
typhoid	vidurių užkietėjimas
typhoon	taifūnas
typical	tipiškas
typically	paprastai
typist	mašininkė
typo	klaida
typography	tipografija
tyrannical	tironiškas
tyranny	tironija
tyrant	tyrantas
tyre	padanga
ubiquitous	visur
ubiquity	visur
ugliness	bjaurumas
ugly	negraži
uhoh	NO TRANSLATION
ukulele	ukulele
ulcer	opa
ulterior	laukia
ultimate	galutinis
ultimately	galiausiai
ultimatum	ultimatumas
ultimo	NO TRANSLATION
ultrasound	ultragarsu
ultraviolet	ultravioletinis
umbilical	banginis
umbra	umbra
umbrella	skėtis
umpire	teisėjas
umpteen	nemažai
unabashed	nepaliaujamas
unabated	neabejotinai
unable	negali
unacceptable	nepriimtina
unaccompanied	nelydimas
unaccountable	neatsakomas
unaccounted	neapskaitomas
unacknowledged	nepripažintas
unadulterated	Neapdorotas
unaffected	nepažeista
unafraid	nesijaudink
unaided	be abejo
unaltered	nepakitęs
unambiguous	nedviprasmiškas
unanimity	vieningumas
unanimous	Anonimas
unanimously	vieningai
unannounced	nepranešta
unanswered	neatsakyta
unanticipated	nenumatytas
unappreciated	neįvertintas
unapproved	nepatvirtinta
unarmed	neginklu
unassisted	nepalaikomas
unassuming	nepagrįstas
unattached	neprijungtas
unattainable	nepasiekiamas
unattended	be priežiūros
unattractive	nepatrauklus
unauthorized	neleistinas
unavailable	nepasiekiamas
unavoidable	neišvengiamas
unaware	nežino
unbalanced	nesubalansuotas
unbearable	nepakeliamas
unbeatable	neprilygstamas
unbeaten	nepralaimėta
unbecoming	nepriimtinas
unbelief	netikėjimas
unbelievable	neįtikėtinas
unbiased	nešališkas
unborn	negimusi
unbound	nesusijusi
unbounded	neribotas
unbreakable	nepažeistas
unbridled	nevaldomas
unbroken	nepažeistas
unbutton	atsukite
uncalled	nepareikalaujama
uncanny	nepatogus
uncaring	neprilygstamas
uncensured	NO TRANSLATION
uncertain	neaišku
uncertainty	netikrumas
unchallenged	neginčijama
unchangeable	nepakeičiama
unchanged	nepakeistas
uncharted	nepastebimas
uncherished	NO TRANSLATION
uncivilized	necivilizuotas
unclaimed	nepareikštas
uncle	dėdė
unclean	nešvarus
unclear	neaišku
uncomfortable	nepatogus
uncommon	nedažni
uncommonly	nedažnai
uncomplicated	nesudėtinga
uncompromising	be kompromisų
unconcerned	nesvarbu
unconditional	besąlygiškas
unconfirmed	nepatvirtintas
unconnected	nesusijusi
unconscionable	nepagrįstas
unconscious	nesąmoningas
unconsciousness	sąmonės netekimas
unconstitutional	nekonstitucinis
unconstrained	neribotas
uncontested	neginčijama
uncontrollable	nekontroliuojamas
uncontrolled	nekontroliuojamas
unconventional	netradicinis
unconvinced	nenuosekli
unconvincing	nenuostabu
uncooked	nevirta
uncooperative	nebendradarbiaujantis
uncorrelated	nekoreliuotas
uncouth	uncouth
uncover	atskleisti
uncritical	nekritiškas
uncut	nesupjaustytas
undead	Undead
undecided	neapsisprendęs
undefeated	nepatvirtintas
undefined	neapibrėžtas
undeniable	neginčijamas
underage	nepilnamečiai
underbelly	apatine ranka
undercover	po priedanga
undercurrent	subcurrent
underdog	nepaklusnumas
underestimate	nepakankamai įvertintas
undergo	išbandyti
undergraduate	bakalauro laipsnis
underground	po žeme
underhanded	nepakankamai
underlay	pagrindas
underlie	pagrindas
underline	pabrėžti
underlying	pagrindinis
undermine	pažeisti
undermined	pažeistas
underneath	po
underpaid	nepakankamai mokama
underpants	apatinės kelnės
underprivileged	nepasiturintis
underrated	nepakankamai įvertinta
underscore	pabrėžti
undersea	povandeninis vanduo
undersecretary	sekretorius
undersized	mažai
understaffed	nepakankamai įdarbinta
understand	suprasti
understandable	suprantamas
understanding	suprasti
understatement	nepakankamumas
understood	supratau
understudy	sapnai
undertake	įsipareigoja
undertaker	undertaker
undertaking	įsipareigojimas
undertow	žemas
underwear	apatiniai drabužiai
underwood	antikvariatas
underworld	po pasaulis
underwrite	apdrausti
underwriter	draudikas
undeserved	nepatyręs
undesirable	nepageidautinas
undesired	nepageidautinas
undetectable	neaptinkamas
undetected	nepastebimas
undetermined	neapibrėžta
undeveloped	neišvystyta
undignified	nepagarbus
undirected	nenukreipta
undisclosed	nepaskelbtas
undiscovered	neatrastas
undisputed	neginčijamas
undisturbed	neskaldytas
undivided	nedalomas
undo	anuliuoti
undoing	anuliuoti
undoubted	neabejotinai
undress	nusirengti
undressed	nusirengęs
undue	nepagrįstas
undying	nemirtingas
unearned	neuždirbtas
unearth	iškasti
uneasiness	neramumas
uneasy	neramus
uneducated	nebaigtas
unemployed	bedarbiai
unemployment	nedarbas
unencumbered	neapsunkintas
unending	nesibaigiantis
unequal	nevienodas
unequalled	neprilygstamas
unequivocal	nedviprasmiškas
unequivocally	nedviprasmiškai
unethical	neetiška
uneven	nevienodas
uneventful	nepastebimas
unexpected	netikėtas
unexpectedly	netikėtai
unexplainable	nepastebimas
unexplained	nepaaiškinamas
unexplored	neištirta
unfailing	nepaliaujamas
unfair	Nesąžininga
unfairness	nesąžiningumas
unfaithful	netikri
unfamiliar	nepažįstamas
unfavorable	nepalankus
unfeeling	nemalonus
unfettered	be apribojimų
unfinished	nebaigtas
unfit	netinkamas
unflinching	nepakankamas
unfold	atsiskleisti
unfollow	atšaukti
unforeseen	nenumatytas
unforgettable	nepamirštamas
unforgivable	nepagrįstas
unforgiving	nepagarbus
unfortunate	nevykęs
unfortunately	Deja
unfounded	nepagrįstas
unfreeze	atleiskite
unfriendly	nedraugiškas
unfulfilled	neįvykdyta
unfurnished	be miegamojo
unglued	negrauda
ungodly	bedievis
ungrateful	nepagarbus
unguarded	neapsaugotas
unhand	NO TRANSLATION
unhappiness	nelaimė
unhappy	nelaimingas
unharmed	nesugadintas
unhealthy	nesveika
unheard	negirdėtas
unhelpful	netinkamas
unhindered	netrukdytas
unholy	nepagrįstas
unhook	atsukti
unicorn	Vienaragis
unidentified	nenustatytas
unification	suvienijimas
unified	vieninga
uniform	uniforma
uniformed	uniformu
uniformity	vienodumas
uniformly	vienodai
unimaginable	neįsivaizduojamas
unimpeachable	neprilygstamas
unimpeached	nepriekaištingas
unimportant	nesvarbus
unimpressed	nesužavėtas
unimproved	nepagerintas
uninfected	neinfekuota
uninformed	neinformuotas
uninhabited	negyvenamas
uninitiated	nedvarbu
uninspired	neinspired
unintelligible	nesuprantamas
unintended	nenoras
unintentional	netyčia
unintentionally	netyčia
uninterested	nesvarbu
uninteresting	neįdomu
uninterrupted	nepertraukiamas
uninvited	neprašoma
union	sąjunga
unique	Unikalus
unisex	Unisex
unison	unison
unit	vienetas
unitary	vienarūšis
unite	suvienyti
united	united
unity	vienybė
universal	Universalus
universality	universalumas
universe	visata
university	universitetas
unjust	neteisingas
unjustifiable	nepagrįstas
unjustified	nepagrįstas
unkind	negeras
unknowable	nežinomas
unknown	nežinomas
unlawful	neteisėtas
unleash	atskleisti
unlicensed	nelicencijuota
unlike	skirtingai
unlikely	mažai tikėtina
unlimited	neribotas
unlisted	neįtrauktas į sąrašą
unload	iškrauti
unloaded	iškrautas
unlock	atrakinti
unlucky	nelaimingas
unmanageable	nevaldomas
unmanned	nepilotuojamas
unmarked	nepastebimas
unmarried	nevedęs
unmask	atmesti
unmatched	neprilygstamas
unmistakable	neginčijamas
unmitigated	nenuilgintas
unmoved	nejudamas
unnamed	nenurodyta
unnatural	nenatūralus
unnecessary	nereikalingas
unneeded	nereikalingas
unnoticed	nepastebimas
unnumbered	Nenumeruotas
unobserved	nepastebėtas
unobstructed	laisvas
unobtrusive	nenuosekliai
unoccupied	neužimta
unofficial	neoficialus
unopened	neatidarytas
unopposed	neprilygstama
unordered	nepakartojamas
unorganised	neorganizuotas
unorganized	neorganizuotas
unorthodox	netradicinis
unpack	išpakuoti
unpaid	nemokama
unparalleled	neprilygstamas
unpleasant	nemalonus
unpleasantness	nemalonus
unplug	atjunkite
unplugged	atjungtas
unpopular	nepopuliarus
unprecedented	beprecedentis
unpredictable	nenuspėjamas
unprepared	nepasiruošęs
unpretentious	nepretenzingas
unproductive	neproduktyvus
unprofessional	neprofesionalus
unprofitable	nepelningas
unprotected	neapsaugotas
unproven	nepatvirtintas
unprovoked	neprovokuota
unpublished	nepaskelbtas
unpunished	nenubausti
unqualified	nekvalifikuotas
unquestionable	neginčytinas
unquestionably	neabejotinai
unquestioned	neginčijamas
unquote	pastabos
unravel	išsiskleisti
unreachable	nepasiekiamas
unread	neskaityta
unreal	nerealu
unrealistic	nerealu
unreasonable	nepagrįstas
unrecorded	neregistruotas
unregistered	neregistruotas
unregulated	nereguliuojamas
unrelated	nesusijęs
unrelenting	neliečiamas
unreliable	nepatikimas
unremarkable	nepastebimas
unrepentant	neatsakingas
unrequited	nepatenkintas
unresolved	neišspręstas
unresponsive	neatsakius
unrest	neramumai
unrestrained	neapsaugotas
unrestricted	neribotas
unromantic	unromantiškas
unruly	nepaklusnus
unsafe	nesaugu
unsanitary	antisanitarinis
unsatisfactory	nepatenkinama
unsatisfied	nepatenkintas
unsavory	nepatogu
unscathed	neapsaugotas
unscheduled	neplanuotas
unscientific	netikras
unscrew	atsukti
unscrupulous	nesąžiningi
unseat	atsitraukti
unseen	nematomas
unselfish	nesavanaudiška
unsettled	nesuderinta
unsightly	nesvarbu
unsolicited	nepageidaujama
unsolved	neišspręstas
unsophisticated	nesudėtingas
unsound	nepagrįstas
unspeakable	neapsakomas
unspecified	nenurodyta
unspoken	nepasakyta
unstable	nestabilus
unsteady	nestabili
unstoppable	nesustabdomas
unsuccessful	nesėkmingas
unsuitable	netinkamas
unsung	nepaskelbta
unsupervised	be priežiūros
unsupported	nepatvirtintas
unsure	nežinote
unsurpassed	neprilygstamas
unsuspecting	Nenuostabu
unsustainable	netvarus
unsweetened	nesaldintas
unsympathetic	nesimpatėjantis
untamed	nepagrįstas
untenable	nepagrįstas
untested	nepatvirtintas
unthinkable	neįsivaizduojamas
untidy	netinkamas
untie	atsitraukite
untimely	per anksti
untitled	untitled
untold	neapsakomas
untouchable	nepažeidžiamas
untouched	nepaliestas
untoward	nepageidaujamas
untraceable	nepastebimas
untrained	nepatyrusi
untranslated	nevertintas
untroubled	neramus
untrue	neteisinga
untrustworthy	nepatikimas
unturned	nenutrūkstamas
unused	nepanaudotas
unusual	neįprastas
unusually	neįprastai
unutterable	nepastebimas
unveil	atskleisti
unveiling	atidengimas
unverified	nepatvirtintas
unwanted	nepageidaujamas
unwarranted	nepagrįstas
unwary	nepastebimas
unwashed	neplautas
unwavering	tvirtas
unwed	nesvarbu
unwelcome	nepageidautinas
unwell	blogai
unwilling	nenori
unwillingly	nenoriai
unwillingness	nenoras
unwind	atsipalaiduoti
unwise	neprotingas
unwitting	netikras
unwittingly	netyčia
unworthy	nepagrįstas
unwrap	išvynioti
unwritten	nerašytas
unyielding	neprilygstamas
unzip	atspausdinti
upbeat	optimistiškas
upbringing	auklėjimas
upcoming	artėjantis
update	atnaujinti
upgrade	patobulinti
upheaval	perversmas
uphill	į kalną
uphold	palaikyti
upholstery	apmušalai
upkeep	išlaikyti
upland	aukštumos
uplands	upės
uplift	pakilimas
uplifting	pakilimas
uplink	uplink
upload	įkelkite
upper	viršutinė
uppercut	apatinė dalis
uppity	uppity
upright	vertikaliai
uprising	sukilimas
uproar	šurmulys
upscale	aukščiausios kokybės
upset	liūdnas
upshot	rezultatas
upstairs	aukštyn
upstanding	aukštas
upstart	aukštyn
uptight	atsparus
upward	aukštyn
upwards	aukštyn
uranium	uranas
urban	miesto
urchin	urchin
urge	ragink
urgency	skubumas
urgent	skubiai
urinal	pisuaras
urinalysis	šlapimo tyrimas
urinate	šlapintis
urination	šlapinimasis
urine	šlapimas
urn	urnas
usable	naudingas
usage	naudojimas
use	naudoti
used	naudojamas
useful	naudinga
usefully	naudinga
usefulness	naudingumas
useless	nenaudingas
user	Vartotojas
usher	asheras
usual	įprasta
usurp	usurp
usurped	usurped
usury	likutis
utensil	indas
uterus	gimda
utilitarian	utilitarinis
utility	naudingumas
utilization	panaudojimas
utilize	panaudoti
utmost	Visa, kas įmanoma
utopian	utopinis
utter	pasakyti
utterance	ištarimas
utterly	visiškai
vacancy	laisva vieta
vacant	laisvas
vacate	atleiskite
vacation	atostogos
vaccination	skiepijimas
vaccine	vakcina
vacuolar	Vacuolar
vacuole	vacuole
vacuous	laisvas
vacuum	vakuumas
vagabond	vagabondas
vagina	makštis
vaginal	makštis
vagrancy	бродяжность
vagrant	blaskas
vague	neaiškus
vagueness	neapibrėžtumas
vainly	veltui
valance	valance
vale	vale
valedictorian	Valedictorian
valentine	Valentino diena
valet	Valet
valiant	drąsus
valid	galioja
validate	patvirtinti
validation	patvirtinimas
validity	galiojimas
valium	valiumas
valley	slėnis
valor	NO TRANSLATION
valuable	vertingas
valuables	vertybės
valuation	vertinimas
value	vertę
valve	vožtuvas
vamoose	NO TRANSLATION
vamp	vampas
vampire	vampyras
van	NO TRANSLATION
vandal	vandalas
vandalism	vandalizmas
vane	vines
vanguard	avangardas
vanilla	vanilė
vanish	išnyks
vanished	praėjo
vanishing	išnyksta
vanity	tuštybė
vanquish	nugalėti
vanquished	nugalėjo
vanquishing	nugalėti
vantage	laimėti
vapor	garai
vara	NO TRANSLATION
variable	kintamasis
variance	dispersija
variation	variacija
variations	svyravimai
varicella	vėjaraupiai
varicose	varikozė
varied	įvairus
variegated	margas
variety	veislė
various	įvairios
varmint	varmint
varnish	lakas
varsity	varsity
vary	skirtis
varying	keičiasi
vascular	kraujagyslių
vase	vazos
vasectomy	vasektomija
vassal	vasalas
vast	didelis
vat	vat
vaudeville	vaudevilis
vault	saugykla
vaulted	skliautais
vaulting	vaulting
veal	veršiena
vector	vektorius
veer	veer
vega	Vega
vegan	veganas
vegetable	daržovių
vegetarian	vegetariškas
vegetarianism	vegetariškumas
vegetation	augmenija
vegetative	vegetatyvinis
veggie	veggie
vehement	kupinas
vehicle	transporto priemonė
veil	uždanga
veiled	paslepiamas
vein	venas
veined	rausvęs
vellum	vellum
velocity	greitis
velour	veliūrinis
velvet	aksomas
velvety	švelnus
vena	vena
vendetta	vendetta
vending	prekyba
vendor	pardavėjas
veneer	fanera
venerable	gerbiamas
veneration	pagarba
venereal	veneriškas
venetian	venetian
vengeance	kerštas
vengeful	kerštingas
venison	elnius
venom	nuodai
venomous	nuodingas
venous	veninis
vent	vent
ventilation	vėdinimas
ventilator	ventiliatorius
venting	išleidimas
ventricle	skilvelis
ventricular	skilvelis
ventriloquist	ventriloquistas
venture	rizikuoti
venue	vieta
veracity	teisingumas
veranda	veranda
verb	veiksmažodis
verbal	žodinis
verbatim	verbatim
verbiage	verbiage
verbose	verbose
verbosity	verbavimas
verdant	verdant
verdict	nuosprendis
verge	riba
verification	patikrinimas
verified	patikrinta
verify	patikrinti
verily	tiesa
veritable	tiesa
vermin	kenkėjai
vermouth	vermutas
vernacular	tautinė kalba
vernal	verdantis
veronica	veronika
versatile	universalus
versatility	universalumas
verse	eilutė
version	versija
versus	prieš
vert	vert
vertebra	skersmuo
vertebral	vertebral
vertex	viršūnė
vertical	vertikalus
vertically	vertikaliai
vertigo	vertigo
verve	verve
very negative	labai neigiamas
very positive	labai teigiamas
veryangry	NO TRANSLATION
vesicle	pūslelinė
vesicular	vezikulinis
vessel	laivas
vest	liemenė
vested	suteikta
vestibule	vestibiulis
vestige	vestige
vet	veterinaras
veteran	veteranas
veterinarian	veterinarijos gydytojas
veterinary	veterinarija
veto	veto
vexed	apgailėtinas
viability	gyvybingumas
viable	gyvybingas
viaduct	viadukas
vial	buteliukas
vibe	vibe
vibes	bangos
vibrant	gyvas
vibrate	vibruoti
vibration	vibracija
vibrator	vibratorius
vibratory	vibratorius
vicar	Vakaras
vicarious	Pareiškėjas
vice	viceprezidentas
viceroy	viceroy
vicinity	kaimynystėje
vicious	piktas
victim	auka
victimized	nukentėjęs
victor	nugalėtojas
victoria	Viktorija
victorious	pergalingas
victory	pergalė
video	video
video game	video žaidimas
videotape	vaizdo įrašas
vie	NO TRANSLATION
view	vaizdas
viewer	žiūrovas
viewing	peržiūra
viewpoint	požiūris
vigil	budrumas
vigilance	budrumas
vigilant	budrus
vigilante	vigilante
vignette	vinjetė
vigor	energija
vigorous	energingas
viking	Vikingas
vile	vile
villa	vila
village	kaimas
villager	kaimo gyventojas
villain	piktadarys
villainous	piktasis
vinaigrette	vinaigrette
vindicate	atremti
vindicated	patvirtinta
vindication	atmetimas
vindictive	kaltinamasis
vine	vynmedis
vinegar	actas
vineyard	vynuogynas
vintage	vintage
vinyl	vinilas
viola	altas
violate	pažeisti
violation	pažeidimas
violence	smurtas
violent	smurtinis
violently	smarkiai
violet	violetine
violin	smuikas
violinist	smuikininkas
viper	viper
viral	virusinis
virgin	pirmoji
virginal	virgininė
virginity	nekaltybė
virility	vyriškumas
virology	virusologija
virtual	virtualus
virtually	praktiškai
virtue	dorybė
virtuoso	virtuozas
virtuous	dorybingas
virulence	virulentiškumas
virus	virusas
visa	viza
visage	NO TRANSLATION
viscosity	klampa
viscous	klampus
vise	NO TRANSLATION
visibility	matomumas
visible	matomas
visibly	matomai
vision	vizija
visionary	vizionierius
visit	aplankyti
visitation	apsilankymas
visiting	aplankyti
visitor	lankytojas
visor	skydas
vista	vista
visual	vizualus
visualize	vizualizuoti
vital	gyvybiškai svarbus
vitality	gyvybingumas
vitals	vitals
vitamin	vitaminas
vitreous	stiklakūnis
viva	viva
vivacious	linksmas
vivid	ryškus
vixen	vixen
vocabulary	žodynas
vocal	vokalas
vocalist	vokalistas
vocation	pašaukimas
vodka	degtinė
vogue	madingas
voice	balsas
voiceless	be balsų
voicemail	balso paštas
void	niekinis
volatile	nepastovus
volatility	kintamumas
volcanic	vulkaninis
volcano	vulkanas
volition	valia
volley	volley
volleyball	tinklinis
voltage	Įtampa
voltmeter	voltmetras
volume	apimtis
volumes	apimtis
voluminous	didelis
voluntarily	savanoriškai
voluntary	savanoriškas
volunteer	savanoris
volunteering	savanorystė
volunteers	savanoriai
voluptuous	linksmas
vomit	vemti
vomiting	vėmimas
voodoo	voodoo
voracious	žiaurus
vortex	sūkurys
vote	balsas
voter	rinkėjas
voting	balsavimas
votive	votive
vouch	garantuoti
voucher	kuponas
vow	pažadu
vowel	balsis
voyage	kelionė
voyager	voyager
voyeur	voyeur
vulgar	vulgarus
vulgarity	vulgarumas
vulnerability	pažeidžiamumas
vulnerable	pažeidžiamas
vulture	grifas
wacko	wacko
wacky	purvinas
wad	WAD
waddle	waddle
wade	Wade
wafer	plokštelė
waffle	vaflis
wag	Wag
wage	darbo užmokestis
wager	laimi
wages	darbo užmokestis
wagon	vagonas
wail	Wielać
waist	juosmens
waistcoat	liemenė
waistline	liemens linija
wait	laukti
waiter	padavėjas
waiting	laukiu
waitinggame	NO TRANSLATION
waitress	padavėja
waive	atsisakyti
waiver	atsisakymas
wake	pabusti
walk	vaikščioti
walker	Walker
walking	vaikščioti
walkout	Išeiti
wall	siena
wallaby	Wallaby
wallet	piniginė
wallflower	wallflower
wallop	nuleisti
wallow	nuleisti
wallpaper	tapetai
walnut	riešutas
walrus	uolos
waltz	valsas
wan	NO TRANSLATION
wand	lazdelė
wander	klajoti
wanderer	keliautojas
wandering	klajojantis
wane	nuslopinti
waning	mažėja
wanker	Wanker
wannabe	wannabe
wannasleep	NO TRANSLATION
want	nori
wanting	nori
wanton	nepagrįstas
war	karas
warbler	barbler
warcrimes	NO TRANSLATION
ward	pal
warden	globėjas
wardrobe	Drabužinė
ware	gaminiai
warehouse	sandėlis
warfare	karas
warhead	karinė galvutė
warlike	kareiviškas
warlock	karoliai
warlord	karo vadas
warm	šiltas
warming	atšilimas
warms	šildo
warmth	šiluma
warn	perspėk
warned	perspėtas
warning	įspėjimas
warp	metmenis
warpath	Warpation
warped	deformuoti
warrant	garantija
warranted	pateisinamas
warrants	garantijos
warranty	garantija
warren	Warrenas
warrior	karys
warship	karo laivas
wart	karpis
wartime	karo metu
wary	atsargiai
wash	plauti
washed	nuplauti
washer	ploviklis
washing	skalbimas
washout	nuplauti
washroom	tualetas
wasp	asp
waste	atliekos
wastebasket	šiukšlių dėžė
wasted	švaistomi
wasteful	švaistomi
wasteland	dykuma
wasting	švaistyti
watch	žiūrėti
watchdog	sargas
watcher	stebėtojas
watchful	budrus
watchman	NO TRANSLATION
watchout	saugokis
watchtower	stebėjimo bokštas
water	vanduo
water polo	Vandensvydis
waterbed	vandens telkinys
watercourse	vandentakis
watered	laistyti
waterfall	krioklys
waterfront	krantinė
watering can	laistytuvas
watermelon	arbūzas
waterproof	atsparus vandeniui
waterworks	vandentiekio darbai
watery	vandeningas
wave	banga
wavelength	bangos ilgis
waver	pabusti
wavering	svyruojantis
waves	bangos
wavy	banguotas
wax	vaškas
waxed	vaškuotas
waxy	vaškinis
way	kelias
ways	būdai
wayward	nepagrįstas
weak	silpnas
weaken	susilpninti
weakened	susilpnėjęs
weakling	silpnumas
weakly	silpnai
weakness	silpnumas
wealth	turtas
wealthy	pasiturintis
weapon	ginklas
weaponry	ginklas
wear	dėvėti
wearer	devėtojas
wearily	nuobodžiai
weariness	nuovargis
wearing	dėvėti
weary	nuobodus
weasel	briedis
weather	oras
weathered	ištemptas
weatherman	weatherman
weatherproof	atsparus oro sąlygoms
weave	pinti
web	žiniatinklis
website	Interneto svetainė
wed	wed
wedded	ištekėjusi
wedding	Vestuvės
wedge	pleištas
wedlock	santuoka
wee	wee
weed	piktžolė
weeding	tepimas
weeds	piktžoles
weedy	piktžolė
weeeee	NO TRANSLATION
week	savaitę
weekday	savaitės diena
weekend	savaitgalis
weekly	savaitę
weenie	weenie
weep	verkia
weeping	verkia
weeping willow	verkia gluosnis
weepy	bjaurus
weigh	pasverti
weighing	svėrimas
weight	svoris
weightless	nesvarus
weightloss	NO TRANSLATION
weights	svoriai
weighty	svargi
weir	slenkstis
weird	keista
weirdness	keistai
weirdo	weirdo
welcome	Sveiki
welcomed	pasveikino
welcoming	pasveikinti
weld	suvirinti
welder	suvirintojas
welding	suvirinimas
welfare	gerovė
wellhead	šulinys
wellness	sveikata
welsh	valų kalba
welt	NO TRANSLATION
wen	NO TRANSLATION
wench	žvilgsnis
werewolf	vilkolakis
west	vakaruose
westbound	westbound
western	vakarietiškas
wet	drėgnas
wetback	druska
whack	sumušti
whale	banginis
whaling	banginių medžioklė
wham	Wham
whammy	Whammy
wharf	prieplauka
whatdoido	NO TRANSLATION
whatif	kas, jeigu
whatmakesmesmile	NO TRANSLATION
whatnot	ką dar ne
whatsoever	viskas
whatsthepoint	NO TRANSLATION
wheat	kvieciai
wheel	ratas
wheel barrow	NO TRANSLATION
wheelbarrow	vežimėlis
wheelchair	neįgaliųjų vežimėlis
wheels	ratai
wheeze	švyti
whelp	whelp
whereabouts	buvimo vieta
wherefore	kodėl?
wherewith	su kuria
wherewithal	tam tikrais atvejais
whet	kietas
whiff	sumušti
whilst	kol
whim	kaprizas
whimper	švilpimas
whimsical	įpročiai
whimsy	kvailys
whine	šypsotis
whiny	Whiny
whip	plakti
whiplash	blauzdikaulis
whipped	plakta
whirl	pasukti
whirlpool	sūkurinė vonia
whirlwind	sūkurys
whisk	įsiurbti
whisker	vilnonis
whiskers	ūsai
whiskey	viskis
whisky	viskis
whisper	šnabždesys
whispered	šnabždėjo
whistle	svilpukas
whit	vilnonis
white	balta
whitefish	balta žuvis
whiteness	baltumas
whitewash	kalkinti
whitish	balkšvas
whittle	nuryti
whiz	nusišvilpti
whole	visa
wholesale	didmeninė prekyba
wholesome	sveikas
wholly	visiškai
whoo	whoo
whoop	kvailas
whopper	didelis
whopping	Pēriens
whore	kekše
whorehouse	bangolininkystė
wick	as wick
wicked	nelaimingas
wickedness	nedorybė
wicker	pinti
wicket	varteliai
wide	platus
widely	plačiai
widen	išplėsti
widespread	plačiai paplitęs
widow	našlė
widowed	našlė
widower	našlė
width	plotis
wield	valdyti
wiener	Wiener
wienie	NO TRANSLATION
wife	žmona
wig	perukas
wiggle	wiggle
wight	Wight
wiki	wiki
wild	laukinis
wildcat	Wildcat
wildebeest	grybelis
wilderness	dykuma
wildfire	Laukinė ugnis
wildlife	laukinė gamta
will	bus
willful	tyčinis
willies	Willies
willing	nori
willingly	noriai
willingness	noras
willow	gluosnis
willpower	valios jėga
wilt	wilt
wilted	nuvalytas
wily	linksma
wimp	wimp
wimpy	wimpy
win	laimėk
wince	nuraminti
winch	gervė
wind	vėjas
windbag	windbag
windfall	nepaprastas
winding	apvija
windmill	vėjo malūnas
window	langas
windowsill	NO TRANSLATION
windpipe	vėjelis
windshield	priekinis stiklas
windy	vėjuota
wine	vynas
wine cooler	vyno aušintuvas
wing	sparnas
winged	sparnuotas
winger	nugalėtojas
wingman	wingman
wink	prisiminti
winner	nugalėtojas
winning	laimėti
winnings	laimėjimai
wino	NO TRANSLATION
winter	žiema
winterbreak	NO TRANSLATION
wintertime	žiemos metu
wintery	ziemiškas
wintry	žiemą
wipe	nuvalykite
wiper	Valytuvas
wire	viela
wired	laidinis
wireless	bevielis
wiretap	persiuntimas
wiring	instaliacija
wis	wis
wisdom	išmintis
wise	protingas
wish	noras
wishbone	linkėlis
wishful	pageidaujamas
wishing	nori
wishmeluck	palinkėk man sėkmės
wisp	gudrybė
wistful	sąmojingas
wit	wit
witch	ragana
witchcraft	raganavimas
withal	kalnas
withdraw	pasitraukti
withdrawal	pašalinimas
withdrawals	išėmimai
withdrawn	pašalintas
wither	nurimo
withered	nudrus
withering	nurimo
withhold	sulaikyti
withholding	išskaitymas
withstand	atlaikyti
witless	tuščias
witness	liudytojas
wits	protas
witty	sąmojingas
wiz	Wiz
wizard	burtininkas
wobble	čiulpti
wobbly	bjaurus
woe	Vargas
woeful	bjaurus
woefully	apgailestauju
wok	wok
wokemeup	NO TRANSLATION
wolf	vilkas
wolverine	Wolverine
woman	moteris
womanhood	moteriškumas
womanizer	moterys
womanly	moteriškas
womb	įsčiose
wonder	stebuklas
wonderful	nuostabus
wonderfully	nuostabiai
wonderment	nuostaba
wondrous	nuostabus
wont	NO TRANSLATION
woo	woo
wood	mediena
woodcut	medžio pjovimas
wooden	medinis
woodland	miškingumas
woodlands	miškingos vietovės
woodpecker	dzenis
woods	miškai
woodshed	malkas
woodsman	medžio darykla
woodwork	medžio dirbiniai
woody	medis
woof	as woof
woohoo	woohoo
wooing	wooing
wool	vilnos
woolen	vilnonis
woolly	vilnonis
woot	woot
woozy	Woozy
wop	Wop
word	žodis
wording	formuluotė
words	žodžiai
wordy	žodinis
work	darbas
workaholic	darboholikas
workbook	darbaknygė
worker	darbuotojas
working	dirba
workings	darbus
workload	darbo krūvis
workman	darbininkas
workmanship	meistriškumas
workout	sportuoti
workplace	darbo vietoje
works	darbai
workshop	seminaras
workup	apdorojimas
world	pasaulis
worldly	pasaulietiškas
worldwide	visame pasaulyje
worm	kirminas
wormhole	kirmėlė
wormwood	pelėda
worn	dėvėti
worried	neramus
worries	rūpesčiai
worry	nerimauti
worrying	nerimas
worse	blogiau
worsening	blogėja
worship	garbinimas
worshipful	garbinamasis
worstfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
worth	verta
worthless	beverčiai
worthwhile	verta
worthy	vertas
wot	wot
would	būtų
wound	žaizdos
wounded	sužeistas
wounding	sužeistas
wounds	žaizdos
wracking	wracking
wrangler	Wrangler
wrangling	ginčytis
wrap	apvynioti
wrapper	vyniojamasis popierius
wrapping	pakavimas
wrath	rūstybė
wrathful	rūstybė
wreak	sumušti
wreath	vainikas
wreck	avarija
wreckage	nuolaužos
wrecked	sudaužytas
wrecker	avarija
wrench	veržliaraktis
wrenching	wrenching
wrest	atsikratyti
wrestle	kovoti
wrestler	imtynininkas
wrestling	imtynės
wretch	nelaimingas
wretched	apgailėtinas
wriggle	išstumti
wright	wright
wring	nulenkti
wringer	supjaustyti
wrinkle	raukšlėtis
wrinkled	raukšlėtas
wrist	riešas
wristband	apyrankė
wristwatch	laikrodis
writ	raštu
write	parašyk
writer	rašytojas
writing	raštu
written	parašyta
wrong	neteisingai
wrongdoing	piktnaudžiavimas
wrongful	neteisėtas
wrongly	klaidingai
wrought	padaryta
wry	wry
xanax	xanaxas
xenophobia	ksenofobija
xerox	Xerox
xmas	xmas
xoxo	xoxo
yaaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaay	NO TRANSLATION
yacht	jachta
yachting	buriavimas
yahoo	yahoo
yak	jakas
yam	yam
yank	yank
yap	NO TRANSLATION
yard	kiemas
yarn	verpalai
yaw	nuklysti
yawn	žiovulys
yawning	žiovavimas
yay	Valio
yayy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyyy	NO TRANSLATION
yea	taip
yeahhh	taip
yeahhhh	NO TRANSLATION
year	metai
yearbook	metraštis
yearling	vienerius metus
yearly	kasmet
yearn	tuštuma
yearning	ilgesys
years	metai
yeast	mielės
yehey	NO TRANSLATION
yell	klaida
yeller	siaubas
yelling	šaukti
yellow	geltona
yellows	geltonos spalvos
yelp	juoktis
yen	jena
yeoman	yeomanas
yesss	yesss
yessss	yessss
yesterday	vakar
yesteryear	praeitis
yew	kukmedis
yey	NO TRANSLATION
yield	derlius
yielding	derlingumas
yo-yo	NO TRANSLATION
yodel	jodelis
yoga	joga
yogi	Jogi
yogurt	jogurtas
yoke	jungas
yolk	trykas
yon	NO TRANSLATION
yonder	tai
young	jaunas
younger	jaunesnis
youngster	jaunuolis
yousuck	yousuck
youth	jaunimas
youthful	jaunatviškas
yucky	Yucky
yuletide	vasara
yummy	skanus
yuppie	Yuppie
zany	zany
zap	Zap
zeal	uolumas
zealot	zealot
zealous	uolus
zebra	zebra
zen	zen
zenith	zenitas
zephyr	zefyras
zeppelin	zeppelinas
zest	zest
zesty	zesty
zeta	zeta
zigzag	zigzagas
zilch	zilch
zillion	zilionas
zinc	cinkas
zing	NO TRANSLATION
zip	zip
zipper	užtrauktukas
zippy	zippy
zit	NO TRANSLATION
zodiac	zodiako
zombie	Zombie
zone	zona
zoning	zonavimas
zoo	zoologijos sode
zoological	zoologijos
zoology	zoologija
zoom	priartinti
zucchini	cukinija
