Word	mt
aaaaaaah	aaaaaaah
aaaah	NO TRANSLATION
aardvark	aardvark
aback	aback
abacus	abakus
abalone	widnet il-baħar
abandon	tabbanduna
abandoned	abbandunat
abandonment	abbandun
abashed	abashed
abate	abate
abatement	tnaqqis
abba	abba
abbey	Abbey
abbot	NO TRANSLATION
abbreviate	agħżel
abbreviation	taqsira
abdomen	addome
abdominal	addominali
abduct	abduct
abduction	ħtif
aberrant	aberrant
aberration	aberrazzjoni
abeyance	sospensjoni
abhor	abhor
abhorrence	abhorrence
abhorrent	abhorrent
abide	jirrispettaw
abiding	jobdu
ability	abbiltà
abject	abject
ablation	ablazzjoni
ablaze	ablaze
able	kapaċi
abnormal	anormali
abnormality	anormalità
aboard	abbord
abode	joqgħod
abolish	abolix
abolition	abolizzjoni
abominable	abominable
abominate	abominate
abomination	abomination
aboriginal	aboriġinali
abort	abort
abortion	abort
abortive	aborti
abound	naraw
abovementioned	hawn fuq imsemmi
abracadabra	abracadabra
abrasion	brix
abrasive	li joborxu
abreast	aġġornat
abroad	barra mill-pajjiż
abrogate	irrevoka
abrupt	f'daqqa
abruptly	f'daqqa
abscess	axxess
absence	nuqqas
absent	assenti
absentee	assenti
absenteeism	assenteiżmu
absinthe	absinthe
absolute	assoluta
absolution	assoluzzjoni
absolve	jeħles
absorb	jassorbu
absorbed	assorbita
absorbent	assorbenti
absorbing	assorbiment
absorption	assorbiment
abstain	jastjenu
abstention	astensjoni
abstinence	astinenza
abstract	astratt
abstraction	astrazzjoni
absurd	assurd
absurdity	assurdità
abundance	abbundanza
abundant	abbundanti
abuse	abbuż
abused	abbużat
abusive	abbużiv
abutment	ta 'kontra
aby	NO TRANSLATION
abysmal	mhux normali
abyss	abyss
academic	akkademiku
academy	akkademja
accede	taċċedi
accelerant	aċċelerant
accelerate	taċċellera
accelerated	Aċċelerat
acceleration	aċċelerazzjoni
accelerator	aċċeleratur
accent	aċċent
accentuate	aċċentwat
accept	taċċetta
acceptable	aċċettabbli
acceptance	aċċettazzjoni
acceptances	aċċettazzjonijiet
access	aċċess
accessible	aċċessibbli
accession	adeżjoni
accessory	aċċessorju
accident	aċċident
accidental	aċċidentali
accidentally	aċċidentalment
acclaim	akklamazzjoni
accolade	accolade
accommodate	jakkomoda
accommodation	akkomodazzjoni
accompaniment	akkumpanjament
accompany	jakkumpanjaw
accompanying	li takkumpanja
accomplice	kompliċi
accomplish	twettaq
accomplished	mwettqa
accomplishment	tlestija
accord	accord
accordance	b'konformità
accordion	accordion
account	kont
accountability	responsabilità
accountable	responsabbli
accountant	accountant
accounting	kontabilità
accounts	kontijiet
accredited	akkreditat
accretion	akkrezjoni
accrue	jakkumula
accueil	NO TRANSLATION
accumulate	jakkumulaw
accumulation	akkumulazzjoni
accuracy	preċiżjoni
accurate	preċiża
accursed	imdejqa
accusation	akkuża
accusative	akkużat
accuse	akkuża
accused	akkużat
accuser	akkużatur
accusing	akkuża
accustomed	imdorrija
ace	ass
acetic	aċetiku
acetylene	aċitilena
ache	uġigħ
achieve	tikseb
achieved	miksub
achievement	kisba
aching	uġigħ
achy	achy
acid	aċidu
acidity	Aċidità
acknowledge	nirrikonoxxi
acknowledged	rikonoxxut
acknowledgement	rikonoxximent
acknowledgment	rikonoxximent
acme	Acme
acne	akne
acorn	acorn
acoustic	akustiku
acoustics	akustika
acquaint	familjari
acquaintance	familjarità
acquainted	familjari
acquiescence	kunsens
acquire	jakkwistaw
acquiring	takkwista
acquisition	akkwist
acquisitions	akkwisti
acquit	acquit
acquittal	liberazzjoni
acre	acre
acreage	qisien
acres	acres
acrobat	acrobat
acrylic	akriliku
act	att
acting	jaġixxi
action	azzjoni
action figure	figura ta 'azzjoni
actionable	azzjonabbli
activate	attivat
activation	attivazzjoni
active	attiva
activist	attivist
activity	attività
actor	attur
actress	attriċi
actual	attwali
actuality	realtà
actuary	attwarju
acuity	akutezza
acumen	dehen
acupuncture	acupuncture
acute	akuta
acutely	b'mod akut
ad	ad
adage	qawl
adamant	b'saħħtu
adapt	tadatta
adaptable	adattabbli
adaptation	adattament
add	żid
added	miżjud
addendum	addendum
adder	adder
addict	ivvizzjat
addicted	vizzju
addiction	vizzju
addictive	vizzju
addition	żieda
additional	addizzjonali
additive	addittiv
address	indirizz
addressee	destinatarju
addresses	Indirizzi
adept	adept
adequacy	adegwatezza
adequate	adegwat
adhere	jaderixxu
adherence	aderenza
adherent	aderenti
adhering	aderazzjoni
adhesion	adeżjoni
adhesive	kolla
adieu	adieu
adipose	adipose
adjacency	adjacency
adjacent	maġenb
adjective	aġġettiv
adjoining	kontigwi
adjourn	taġġorna
adjournment	aġġornament
adjudicate	tiddeċiedi
adjudication	aġġudikazzjoni
adjunct	flimkien
adjust	taġġusta
adjuster	jaġġusta
adjustment	aġġustament
adjuvant	adjuvant
admin	admin
administer	tamministra
administration	amministrazzjoni
administrative	amministrattiv
administrator	amministratur
admirable	ammirabbli
admiral	ammiral
admiralty	ammirali
admiration	ammirazzjoni
admire	jammiraw
admired	ammirajt
admirer	ammiratur
admiring	admiring
admissibility	ammissibbiltà
admissible	ammissibbli
admission	ammissjoni
admit	jammettu
admittance	dħul
admitted	ammessi
admitting	ammissjoni
admixture	taħlita
admonition	twissija
ado	ado
adobe	adobe
adolescence	adolexxenza
adolescent	adolexxenti
adopt	tadotta
adoption	adozzjoni
adoptive	adottiv
adorable	adorable
adoration	Adorazzjoni
adore	adore
adoring	adoring
adorn	adorn
adornment	tiżjin
adrenalin	adrenalin
adrenaline	adrenalina
adrift	maqlub
adult	adulti
adulterated	adulterat
adulterer	adulterer
adultery	adulterju
adulthood	adulta
advance	bil-quddiem
advanced	avvanzat
advancement	avvanz
advancing	avvanz
advantage	vantaġġ
advantageous	vantaġġjuż
advent	il-miġja
adventure	avventura
adventurer	adventurer
adventures	avventuri
adventurous	avventuruża
adversary	avversarju
adverse	avversi
adversity	diffikultajiet
advertise	jirreklamaw
advertisement	reklam
advertising	reklamar
adverts	reklami
advice	pariri
advisable	rakkomandabbli
advise	avża
advised	avżat
advisement	parir
adviser	konsulent
advisor	konsulent
advisory	konsultattiv
advocacy	advocacy
advocate	avukat
aegis	patroċinju
aeration	arjazzjoni
aerial	ajru
aerobics	aerobics
aerodrome	ajrudrom
aerodynamic	aerodinamika
aerodynamics	aerodinamika
aeronautics	aeronawtika
aeroplane	ajruplan
aerospace	aerospazjali
aesthetic	estetika
aesthetics	estetika
aetiology	etjoloġija
afar	afar
affable	affable
affair	affari
affect	taffettwa
affecting	jaffettwa
affection	affezzjoni
affectionate	affettiva
affections	affetti
affiche	NO TRANSLATION
affidavit	affidavit
affiliated	affiljati
affiliation	affiljazzjoni
affinity	affinità
affirm	jaffermaw
affirmation	affermazzjoni
affirmative	affermattiv
affirmatively	fl-affermattiv
affix	twaħħal
afflict	afflict
afflicted	milquta
affliction	affliction
affluence	ġid
affluent	sinjuri
afford	taffordja
affordable	affordabbli
affront	affront
affronted	affronted
afield	lil hinn
afire	nifs
afloat	fil-wiċċ
afore	qabel
aforementioned	imsemmi hawn fuq
aforesaid	hawn fuq imsemmi
afraid	jibżgħu
afresh	mill-ġdid
african	Afrikan
aft	wara
afterlife	wara l-ħajja
aftermath	konsegwenzi
afternoon	wara nofsinhar
aftershave	wara aftershave
aftertaste	aftertaste
afterthought	wara l-ħsibt
aga	NO TRANSLATION
agape	agape
agate	agate
age	età
aged	età
agency	aġenzija
agenda	aġenda
agent	aġent
agglomeration	agglomerazzjoni
aggravate	taggrava
aggravated	aggravat
aggravates	taggrava
aggravating	aggravanti
aggravation	aggravament
aggregate	aggregat
aggregation	aggregazzjoni
aggresive	NO TRANSLATION
aggression	aggressjoni
aggressive	aggressiva
aggressively	aggressiv
aggressiveness	aggressività
aggressor	aggressur
agh	agh
aghast	aghast
aghhh	NO TRANSLATION
agile	b'aġilità
agility	b'aġilità
aging	tixjiħ
agitate	ħawwad
agitated	aġitat
agitation	aġitazzjoni
aglow	aglow
agnostic	agnostiku
ago	ilu
agonizing	agonizing
agony	agunija
agoraphobia	agorafobija
agree	jaqblu
agreeable	aċċettabbli
agreed	miftiehem
agreeing	qbil
agreement	ftehim
agressive	NO TRANSLATION
agricultural	agrikoli
agriculture	agrikoltura
aground	inħawi
agua	NO TRANSLATION
ahead	quddiem
ahhh	ahhh
ahhhhhhhh	NO TRANSLATION
ahoy	ahoy
aid	għajnuna
aide	aide
aiding	għajnuna
aids	għajnuniet
ail	ail
ailing	mdgħajjef
ailment	marda
aim	jimmiraw
aimless	mingħajr għan
air	arja
airbag	airbag
airborne	fl-ajru
aircraft	ajruplani
aircraft carrier	trasportatur tal-ajruplani
airfield	ajruport
airhead	airhead
airlift	titjira bl-ajru
airline	linja ta 'l-ajru
airliner	ajruplan
airlock	airlock
airman	airman
airplane	ajruplan
airport	ajruport
airs	ajru
airship	airship
airspace	l-ispazju ta 'l-ajru
airspeed	Veloċità tal-veloċità
airstrip	ajruplan
airtight	ma jgħaddix arja minnha
airway	passaġġ tan-nifs
aisle	nisel
ait	NO TRANSLATION
ajar	NO TRANSLATION
aka	aka
akin	simili
alabaster	alabastru
alarm	allarm
alarm clock	arloġġ ta 'allarm
alarmed	allarmat
alarming	allarmanti
alas	alas
alb	NO TRANSLATION
albatross	albatross
albino	Albino
album	album
alchemy	Alchemy
alcohol	alkoħol
alcoholic	alkoħoliku
alcoholism	alkoħoliżmu
alcove	alcove
alderman	alderman
ale	NO TRANSLATION
alert	allert
alertness	viġilanza
alerts	allerti
alfalfa	alfalfa
algebra	alġebra
algebraic	alġebrin
algorithm	algoritmu
alias	alias
alibi	alibi
alien	aljeni
alienate	aljenati
alienated	aljenati
alienation	aljenazzjoni
alight	mixgħul
align	allinjament
aligned	allinjat
alignment	allinjament
alike	bl-istess mod
alimentation	NO TRANSLATION
alimony	manteniment
aliquot	alikwot
alive	ħaj
alkali	alkali
alkaloids	alkalojdi
allay	ittaffi
allegation	allegazzjoni
allege	allege
alleged	allegat
allegiance	lealtà
allegorical	allegoriku
allegory	allegory
allegro	allegro
allergic	allerġiku
allergy	allerġija
alleviate	ittaffi
alleviation	it-taffija
alley	sqaq
alleyway	alleyway
alliance	alleanza
allied	alleati
alligator	alligatur
allocate	talloka
allocation	allokazzjoni
allot	allok
allotment	allokazzjoni
allow	jippermettu
allowable	permissibbli
allowance	allowance
allowed	permess
alloy	liga
allsmiles	NO TRANSLATION
allure	allure
alluring	alluring
allusion	allużjoni
alluvial	alluvjali
ally	alleat
almanac	almanakk
almighty	omnipotenti
almond	lewż
aloft	aloft
aloha	aloha
alone	waħdu
alongside	flimkien
aloof	aloof
aloud	b'leħen għoli
alpha	alpha
alphabet	alfabet
alphabetical	alfabetiku
alpine	alpini
alreadyyyyy	diġà
altar	altar
altar boy	tifel ta 'l-artal
alter	tbiddel
alteration	alterazzjoni
altercation	altercation
altered	mibdula
alternate	sostitut
alternating	jalterna
alternative	alternattiva
altimeter	altimetru
altitude	altitudni
alto	alto
altogether	għal kollox
aluminum	aluminju
alumnus	alumnus
alveolar	alveolari
alzheimers	NO TRANSLATION
amalgam	amalgama
amalgamation	amalgamazzjoni
amaretto	amaretto
amass	amass
amateur	dilettanti
amaze	amaze
amazed	étonné
amazedness	NO TRANSLATION
amazement	b'dispjaċir
amazing	aqwa
amazingly	amazingly
ambassador	Ambaxxatur
amber	ambra
ambience	atmosfera
ambient	ambjent
ambiguity	ambigwità
ambiguous	ambigwu
ambit	Ambitu
ambition	ambizzjoni
ambitious	ambizzjuż
ambivalent	ambivalenti
ambrosia	ambrosia
ambulance	ambulanza
ambush	imbotta
ameliorate	ittejjeb
amen	amen
amenable	amenabbli
amend	temenda
amendment	emenda
amends	temenda
amenity	kumdità
amethyst	amethyst
amiable	amiable
amicable	amikevoli
amid	f'nofs
amidst	f'nofs
amino	amino
ammo	Ammo
ammonia	ammonja
ammonium	ammonju
ammunition	munizzjon
amnesia	amnesija
amnesty	amnestija
amorous	amoruż
amorphous	amorfu
amortization	amortizzazzjoni
amount	ammont
amour	NO TRANSLATION
amp	amp
ampersand	ampersand
amphetamines	amfetamini
amphibian	anfibju
amphibious	anfibji
amphitheater	amfiteatru
ample	abbundanti
amplification	amplifikazzjoni
amplify	amplifikazzjoni
amplitude	amplitudni
amply	b'mod sħiħ
amputate	amputate
amputation	amputazzjoni
amuck	Amuck
amulet	amulet
amuse	amuse
amused	amused
amusement	divertiment
amusing	divertenti
ana	NO TRANSLATION
anaconda	anaconda
anaesthesia	anestesija
anaesthetic	anestetiku
anagram	anagram
anal	anali
analgesic	analġeżiku
analogous	simili
analogue	analogu
analogy	analoġija
analysis	analiżi
analyst	analista
analytic	analitiku
analytical	analitiċi
analyze	tanalizza
analyzer	analizzatur
anaphylactic	anafilattiku
anarchism	Anarkiżmu
anarchist	anarkista
anarchy	anarkija
anastomosis	anastomosi
anathema	anatema
anatomic	anatomiku
anatomy	anatomija
ancestor	antenat
ancestral	antenati
ancestry	antenati
anchor	ankra
anchorage	ankraġġ
ancient	antika
ancillary	anċillari
androgen	Androgen
android	android
anecdote	anecdote
anemia	anemija
anemic	anemiku
anemone	anemone
anesthesia	anestesija
anesthesiologist	anestesjologu
anesthetic	anestetiku
aneurysm	anewriżmu
anew	mill-ġdid
angel	anġlu
angelic	angelic
anger	rabja
angered	irrabjat
angermanagement	NO TRANSLATION
angina	anġina
angiogram	angiogram
angiography	anġjografija
angle	angolu
angling	sajd bil-qasba
angora	angora
angriest	l-aktar rrabjata
angry	rrabjata
angrytweet	NO TRANSLATION
angst	angst
anguish	anguish
anguished	anguished
angular	angolari
anhydrous	anidru
animal	annimal
animate	animate
animated	animati
animation	animazzjoni
animosity	animosità
animus	animus
ankle	għaksa
anklet	anklet
annals	Annals
annex	anness
annexation	annessjoni
annexe	NO TRANSLATION
annihilate	annihilate
annihilated	annihilated
annihilation	annihilation
anniversary	anniversarju
annotate	annotazzjoni
annotation	annotazzjoni
announce	tħabbar
announcement	tħabbira
announcer	announcer
annoy	annoy
annoyance	dwejjaq
annoyed	imdejqa
annoyin	NO TRANSLATION
annoying	annoying
annoys	annoys
annual	ta 'kull sena
annuity	annwalità
annul	tannulla
annular	annulari
annulment	annullament
annulus	annulus
anointed	anointed
anointing	anointing
anomalous	anomali
anomaly	anomalija
anon	anon
anonymity	anonimità
anonymous	anonimu
anorexic	anoressiku
answer	risposta
answerable	responsabbli
answering	tweġib
ant	ant
antagonism	antagoniżmu
antagonist	antagonist
antagonistic	antagonistiku
antagonize	antagonize
ante	NO TRANSLATION
antecedent	antecedent
antelope	antelope
antenna	antenna
anterior	anterior
anthem	innu
anthill	antillazzjoni
anthology	antoloġija
anthrax	anthrax
anthropological	antropoloġiku
anthropologist	antropologu
anthropology	antropoloġija
anti	kontra
antiaircraft	antiaircraft
antibiotic	antibijotiku
antibiotics	antibijotiċi
antichrist	antichrist
anticipate	jantiċipaw
anticipation	antiċipazzjoni
anticipatory	antiċipatorju
antics	antics
antidote	antidotu
antifungal	antifungali
antigravity	antigravity
antimony	antimonju
antipathy	antipatija
antiquarian	antiquarian
antiquated	antikwati
antique	antikità
antiques	antikitajiet
antiquity	antikità
antiseptic	antisettiku
antisocial	antisoċjali
antithesis	antiteżi
antithetical	antitetiku
antiviral	antivirali
antler	antler
antsy	antsy
anus	anus
anvil	anvil
anxiety	ansjetà
anxietyattack	NO TRANSLATION
anxious	anzjuż
anxiousness	ansjeta '
anytime	ghaċ
aorta	aorta
aortic	aortika
apace	apace
apache	apache
apartment	appartament
apartments	appartamenti
apathetic	apathetic
apathy	apatija
ape	Ape
aperture	apertura
apex	quċċata
aphid	pulzier
aphrodisiac	aphrodisiac
apiece	biċċa
aplomb	aplomb
apocalypse	apocalypse
apocalyptic	apokaliptiku
apologetic	apologetic
apologist	apologist
apologize	ruhna
apology	apoloġija
apostasy	apostasija
apostate	apostate
apostle	appostlu
apostolic	appostolika
apostrophe	apostrophe
apothecary	spiżjar
appalled	imbarazzat
appalling	terribbli
apparatus	apparat
apparel	ilbies
apparent	apparenti
apparently	apparentement
apparition	apparition
appeal	appell
appear	jidhru
appearance	apparenza
appease	appease
appellant	appellant
append	append
appendage	appendagg
appendectomy	appendectomy
appendicitis	appendicitis
appendix	Appendiċi
appetite	aptit
appetizer	appetizer
appetizing	appetizing
applaud	applaud
applause	ċapċip
apple	tuffieħ
apple juice	meraq tat-tuffieħ
applejack	applejack
applesauce	tuffieħ
appliance	appliance
appliances	apparat
applicability	applikabilità
applicable	applikabbli
applicant	applikant
application	applikazzjoni
apply	japplikaw
appoint	jaħtar
appointment	ħatra
appointments	ħatriet
apportion	tqassim
apportionment	tqassim
appraisal	stima
appraise	tivvaluta
appreciable	apprezzabbli
appreciate	napprezzaw
appreciated	apprezzat
appreciates	japprezza
appreciation	apprezzament
appreciative	apprezzattiv
apprehend	jinqabad
apprehension	arrest
apprehensive	apprehensive
apprentice	apprendist
apprenticeship	apprendistat
approach	approċċ
approaching	toqrob
approbate	NO TRANSLATION
approbation	approvazzjoni
appropriate	xieraq
appropriation	approprjazzjoni
approval	approvazzjoni
approve	tapprova
approved	approvat
approvement	approvazzjoni
approving	tapprova
approximate	approssimattiv
approximately	approssimattivament
approximating	approssimazzjoni
approximation	approssimazzjoni
appurtenances	appurtenances
apricot	berquq
apron	fradal
apt	apt
aptitude	aptitude
aqua	aqua
aquamarine	aquamarine
aquarium	akwarju
aquatic	akkwatiċi
aqueduct	akwedott
aqueous	akweju
arable	arable
arbiter	arbitru
arbitrary	arbitrarju
arbitrate	arbitraġġ
arbitration	arbitraġġ
arbitrator	arbitru
arbor	arbor
arc	ark
arcade	arcade
arcane	arcane
arch	arch
archaeological	arkeoloġiku
archaeologist	arkeologu
archaeology	arkeoloġija
archaic	arkajka
archangel	archangel
archbishop	arċisqof
archdiocese	Arċidjoċesi
archduke	archduke
arched	arched
archer	Archer
archery	qwas
archetype	archetype
archipelago	arċipelagu
architect	perit
architectural	arkitettoniku
architecture	arkitettura
archive	arkivju
arctic	Artiku
ardent	ardenti
ardor	ardor
arduous	diffiċli
area	żona
arena	arena
areola	areola
areyoukidding	NO TRANSLATION
areyoukiddingme	NO TRANSLATION
argent	NO TRANSLATION
argh	argh
arghh	NO TRANSLATION
arghhhh	NO TRANSLATION
argue	argumenta
argument	argument
argumentation	argumentazzjoni
argumentative	argumentattiv
arguments	argumenti
arid	aridi
arise	jinqalgħu
aristocracy	aristokrazija
aristocrat	aristocrat
aristocratic	aristokratika
arithmetic	aritmetika
ark	arka
arm	driegħ
armada	armada
armament	armament
armaments	armamenti
armature	armature
armchair	pultruna
armed	armati
armor	armatura
armored	armatura
armory	armory
armpit	armpit
arms	armi
army	armata
aroma	aroma
aromatherapy	aromatherapy
arousal	tqanqil
arouse	iqajjem
aroused	qajjem
arraignment	arraignment
arrange	jirranġa
arranged	irranġat
arrangement	arranġament
array	firxa
arrears	arretrati
arrest	arrest
arrhythmia	arritmija
arrival	wasla
arrive	jaslu
arrogance	arroganza
arrogant	arroganti
arrow	vleġġa
arsehole	arsehole
arseholes	arseholes
arsenal	arsenal
arsenic	arseniku
arson	ħruq
arsonist	arsonist
art	art
arterial	arterjali
artery	arterja
artful	artful
arthritis	artrite
arthropod	artropodi
artichoke	qaqoċċ
article	artikolu
articles	artikoli
articulate	artikolazzjoni
articulation	artikolazzjoni
artifact	artifact
artifice	artifice
artificial	artifiċjali
artillery	artillerija
artisan	artiġjanali
artist	artist
artiste	NO TRANSLATION
artistic	artistiku
artistry	artisti
artists	artisti
artwork	xogħol ta 'l-arti
arty	arty
asap	asap
asbestos	asbestos
ascend	jogħla
ascendancy	axxendenza
ascendant	axxendent
ascending	axxendenti
ascension	tlugħ
ascent	ascent
ascertain	aċċerta ruħek
ascertained	aċċertat
ascetic	aċetiku
ash	irmied
ashamed	ashamed
ashes	irmied
ashtray	ashtray
asinine	asinine
ask	staqsi
asleeep	NO TRANSLATION
asleep	rieqed
asp	asp
asparagus	asparagu
aspartame	aspartame
aspect	Aspett
aspects	aspetti
aspen	aspen
asphalt	asfalt
asphyxia	asfissija
asphyxiation	asfissija
aspiration	l-aspirazzjoni
aspire	jaspira
aspirin	aspirina
aspiring	aspiring
ass	ħmar
assail	assail
assailant	assailant
assassin	assassin
assassinate	assassinate
assassination	qtil
assault	attakk
assay	assaġġ
assemblage	assemblaġġ
assemble	immuntati
assembled	immuntati
assembly	assemblaġġ
assemblyman	assemblyman
assent	kunsens
assert	tafferma
asserting	tafferma
assertion	affermazzjoni
assertive	assertiv
assess	tevalwa
assessment	valutazzjoni
assessor	assessur
asset	assi
assets	assi
asshole	asshole
assign	tassenja
assignee	assenjatarju
assignment	assenjazzjoni
assimilate	assimilat
assimilation	assimilazzjoni
assist	tassisti
assistance	assistenza
assistant	Assistent
associate	assoċjat
association	assoċjazzjoni
assorted	assortita
assortment	assortiment
assuage	assuage
assume	tassumi
assumed	jassumi
assuming	jassumi
assumption	suppożizzjoni
assurance	assigurazzjoni
assure	tassigura
assured	assigurat
assuredly	assuredly
asterisk	asterisk
asteroid	asteroid
asteroids	asteroids
asthma	ażma
asthmatic	ażmatiċi
astigmatism	astigmatism
astonish	astunizza
astonished	sorpriż
astonishing	zaskakuje
astonishingly	NO TRANSLATION
astonishment	sturdament
astound	astound
astral	astral
astray	jinqerdu
astringent	astringenti
astrologer	astrologer
astrology	astrology
astronaut	astronawt
astronomer	astronomu
astronomical	astronomiku
astronomy	astronomija
astute	astute
asunder	asunder
asylum	ażil
asymmetric	asimmetrika
asymmetry	assimetrija
asymptotic	asintotiku
atelier	atelier
atheism	atheism
atheist	atheist
atheistic	atea
atherosclerosis	aterosklerożi
athlete	atleta
athletic	atletiku
athleticism	atletiżmu
athletics	atletika
atlas	atlas
atmosphere	atmosfera
atmospheric	atmosferiku
atoll	atoll
atom	atomu
atomic	atomiku
atone	atone
atonement	atonement
atpeace	atpeace
atrium	atrium
atrocious	atrocious
atrocity	atroċita
atrophy	atrofija
attach	ehmeż
attached	mehmuża
attachment	sekwestru
attack	attakk
attacker	attakkant
attacking	attakk
attain	tilħaq
attainable	li jista 'jinkiseb
attainment	kisba
attempt	tentattiv
attempted	attentat
attend	tattendi
attendance	attendenza
attendant	attendant
attention	attenzjoni
attentionseeker	NO TRANSLATION
attentionseekers	NO TRANSLATION
attentive	attent
attenuate	attenwat
attenuated	attenwat
attenuation	attenwazzjoni
attest	tafferma
attestation	attestazzjoni
attic	attic
attire	attire
attitude	attitudni
attorney	prokuratur
attract	tattira
attraction	attrazzjoni
attractive	attraenti
attractiveness	attrazzjoni
attributable	attribwibbli
attribute	attribut
attribution	attribuzzjoni
attrition	attrizzjoni
auburn	auburn
auction	irkant
auctioneer	irkantatur
audacious	audacious
audacity	audacity
audible	jinstemgħu
audience	udjenza
audio	awdjo
audit	awditjar
audition	audizzjoni
auditions	auditions
auditor	awditur
auditorium	auditorium
auditory	smigħ
aught	aught
augment	iżżid
augmentation	żieda
august	Awissu
aunt	zija
auntie	auntie
aura	aura
aurora	aurora
auspices	awspiċji
auspicious	awspiċju
austere	awster
austerity	awsterità
authentic	awtentiku
authenticate	awtentikar
authentication	awtentikazzjoni
authenticity	awtentiċità
author	awtur
authoritative	awtorevoli
authority	awtorità
authorization	awtorizzazzjoni
authorize	tawtorizza
authorized	awtorizzat
authorship	awtur
autism	awtiżmu
autistic	awtistiku
auto	auto
autobiographical	awtobijografiku
autobiography	autobiography
autocorrect	awtokorrezzjoni
autocratic	awtokratiku
autograph	awtografu
autographed	awtografat
automated	awtomatizzat
automatic	awtomatiku
automobile	tal-karozzi
automotive	tal-karozzi
autonomy	awtonomija
autopilot	awtopilota
autopsy	awtopsja
autumn	ħarifa
auxiliary	awżiljarju
avail	użu
availability	disponibbiltà
available	disponibbli
avalanche	valanga
avarice	avarice
avatar	avatar
avenge	jpattuha
avenger	avenger
avenging	vending
avenue	avenue
aver	NO TRANSLATION
average	medja
aversation	NO TRANSLATION
averse	averse
averseness	averseness
aversion	aversjoni
avert	evita
aviary	Aviary
aviation	avjazzjoni
aviator	Aviator
avid	avid
avocado	avokado
avoid	jevitaw
avoidance	evitar
avoiding	tevita
await	tistenna
awake	imqajjem
awaken	qawmien
awakening	qawmien
award	għotja
awards	premjijiet
aware	konxji
awareness	kuxjenza
awe	NO TRANSLATION
awed	awed
awesome	biża '
awesomeness	awesomeness
awestruck	awestruck
awful	orribbli
awkward	strambi
awkwardness	awkwardità
awning	awning
awry	awry
axe	mannara
axial	axjali
axiom	axiom
axiomatic	axiomatiċi
axis	assi
axle	fus
ay	ay
aye	aye
azimuth	ażimut
azure	azure
babble	babble
babbling	babbling
babe	babe
baboon	babuni
baby	tarbija
babysit	babysit
babysitter	babysitter
baccalaureate	baccalaureate
baccarat	Baccarat
bachelor	baċċellerat
bachelorette	bachelorette
back	lura
backboard	backboard
backbone	sinsla tad-dahar
backdoor	bieb ta 'wara
backdrop	isfond
backer	backer
backfire	daqqa ta 'wara
backgammon	backgammon
background	sfond
backhand	backhand
backhoe	irfinar
backoff	backoff
backpack	backpack
backpacker	backpacker
backroom	backroom
backseat	backseat
backside	dahar
backtrack	lura
backup	backup
backward	lura
backwardness	ritard
backwards	lura
backwater	backwater
backwoods	injam ta 'wara
backyard	arrière
bacon	bacon
bacteria	batterji
bacterial	batterjali
bacterium	batterju
bad	ħżiena
badass	badass
badday	NO TRANSLATION
badfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
badge	badge
badger	badger
badhabit	NO TRANSLATION
badly	ħażin
badness	ħżiena
baffle	baffle
baffled	baffled
bag	borża
bagel	bagel
baggage	bagalji
baggie	Baggie
baggy	baggy
bagman	bagman
bagpipes	bagpipes
bail	bail
bailiff	bailiff
bait	lixka
bake	bake
bakery	furnara
baking	ħami
bal	NO TRANSLATION
balance	bilanċ
balanced	bilanċjat
balcony	gallarija
bald	qargħi
balding	balding
baldy	baldy
bale	balla
balk	balk
ball	ballun
ballad	balal
ballast	tas-saborra
ballerina	ballerina
ballet	ballet
ballgame	ballun tal-futbol
ballistic	ballistiċi
ballistics	ballistika
balloon	bużżieqa
ballot	votazzjoni
ballpark	ballpark
ballplayer	ballplayer
ballpoint	ballpoint
ballroom	ballroom
ballsy	blalen
balm	balzmu
balmy	balmy
balsam	balzmu
balsamic	balsamiku
bam	bam
bamboo	bambu
ban	NO TRANSLATION
banana	banana
band	band
bandage	faxxa
bandanna	NO TRANSLATION
bandit	bandit
bandstand	bandstand
bandwagon	bandwagon
bandwidth	bandwidth
bane	bane
bang	bang
banger	barger
banish	banish
banished	banjat
banishment	tbegħid
banister	banister
banjo	banjo
bank	bank
banker	bankier
banking	banek
bankroll	bankroll
bankrupt	falluta
bankruptcy	falliment
banner	banner
banquet	banquet
banshee	banshee
banter	banter
banzai	NO TRANSLATION
baptism	magħmudija
baptismal	magħmudija
baptize	baptize
bar	bar
barb	barb
barbarian	barbarian
barbaric	barbaric
barbarism	barbariżmu
barbecue	barbecue
barbed	barbed
barber	barber
barbershop	barbershop
barbie doll	pupi Barbie
bard	bard
bare	mikxuf
bareback	bareback
barefoot	barefoot
barely	bilkemm
barf	barf
bargain	bargain
bargaining	negozjar
barge	barkun
baritone	baritonu
barium	barju
bark	qoxra
barkeep	barkeep
barks	barks
barley	xgħir
barmaid	barmaid
barman	barman
barn	barn
barnacle	barnacle
barney	barney
barnyard	barnyard
barometer	barometru
baron	Baron
baroness	barunessa
baroque	barokka
barrack	barrack
barracuda	barracuda
barrage	barrage
barred	preskritta
barrel	barmil
barren	ibridi
barricade	barricade
barrier	barriera
barring	preskrizzjoni
barrister	barrister
barroom	barroom
barrow	barrow
bartender	bartender
barter	tpartit
base	bażi
baseball	baseball
baseball bat	baseball bat
baseboard	baseboard
baseless	bla bażi
baseline	linja bażi
baseman	Baseman
basement	kantina
bases	bażijiet
bash	bash
bashful	biża '
basic	bażiku
basics	bażiċi
basil	ħabaq
basilica	basilika
basin	baċin
basis	bażi
bask	bask
basket	basket
basketball	baskitbol
bass	il-bass
bass guitar	kitarra baxxa
basso	NO TRANSLATION
bassoon	bassoon
bastard	bagħal
bastarding	bastarding
bastards	bniet
bastion	bastion
bat	frfett il-lejl
batch	lott
batching	batching
bate	NO TRANSLATION
bath	banju
bathe	banju
bathhouse	bathhouse
bathing	għawm
bathrobe	banju
bathroom	banju
bathtub	bathtub
bathymetry	bathymetry
baton	Baton
battalion	battaljun
batter	batter
battered	maqtugħ
battering	tbattal
battery	batterija
battle	battalja
battled	battalja
battlefield	battalja
battleground	battalja
battlements	merħliet
battleship	battal
batty	Batty
bauble	bauble
bawdy	bawdy
bawl	bawl
bay	bajja
bayonet	bayonet
bayou	bayou
bazaar	bazaar
bazooka	bazooka
bday	bday
be	tkun
beach	bajja
beaches	bajjiet
beacon	fanal
bead	xoffa
beading	Bsaten
beads	żibeġ
beady	beady
beagle	Beagle
beak	munqar
beaker	beaker
beam	raġġ
beaming	beaming
bean	fażola
beanbag	beanbag
beanie	beanie
bear	ibatu
bearable	sopportabbli
beard	beard
bearded	bearded
bearer	bearer
bearing	li jkollu
bearings	berings
bearish	bearish
bearskin	bearskin
beast	kruha
beastly	beastly
beat	taħbit
beaten	imsawta
beater	beater
beating	swat
beatnik	beatnik
beau	beau
beautification	beautification
beautiful	sabiħ
beautify	jsebbħu
beauty	sbuħija
beaver	kastur
bebop	bebop
beck	beck
beckon	beckon
become	saru
bed	sodda
bedding	friex
bedpan	bedpan
bedrock	qiegħ tal-qiegħ
bedroom	kamra tas-sodda
bedside	komodina
bedspread	għata tas-sodod
bedtime	irqad
bee	naħla
beef	ċanga
beefsteak	beefsteak
beehive	beehive
beep	ħoss
beeper	beeper
beer	birra
bees	naħal
beeswax	xema 'tan-naħal
beetle	ħanfusa
befall	taqa '
befitting	approprjat
befriend	ħbieb
befuddled	befuddled
beg	beg
beggar	beggar
begging	tallaba fit-toroq
begin	tibda
beginner	Bidu
beginning	bidu
beginnings	bidu
begrudge	begrudge
begun	bdew
behappy	NO TRANSLATION
behave	iġib ruħu
behavior	imġieba
behavioral	imġiba
behemoth	behemoth
behest	jitolbu
behold	behold
beholden	beholden
beholder	beholder
beige	beige
belated	tard
belay	Belay
belch	Belch
belief	twemmin
believable	kredibbli
believe	jemmnu
believed	maħsub
believer	fidi
believing	jemmen
belittle	belittle
belittled	miċħud
bell	qanpiena
bellboy	bellboy
bellhop	bellhop
belligerent	belġjanti
bellman	bellman
bellow	isfel
bellows	minfaħ
belly	żaqq
bellybutton	żokra
bellyful	bellyful
belong	jappartjenu
belongings	affarijiet
beloved	għeżież
belt	ċinturin
beluga	beluga
bemused	bemused
bench	bank
bend	liwja
bender	Bender
bending	liwi
beneath	taħt
benedictory	benedictory
benefactor	benefattur
beneficial	ta 'benefiċċju
beneficiary	benefiċjarju
benefit	benefiċċju
benevolence	benevolenza
benevolent	benevolenti
benign	beninni
bent	mgħawweġ
benzene	benżin
bequeath	let
bequest	legata
bereaved	imħarrab
bereavement	mewt
bereft	imdejjaq
beret	beret
bergamot	bergamot
berlin	Berlin
berserk	berserk
berth	rmiġġ
beryllium	berillju
beseech	beseech
beset	mdawra
bestdayever	dejjem
bestfeeling	bestfeeling
bestfriends	ħbieb tal-qalb
bestial	bestial
besties	besties
bestow	tikkonferixxi
bestseller	bestseller
bet	bet
beta	beta
betray	betray
betrayal	tradiment
betrayed	tradotti
betrothed	betrothed
betterment	titjib
betting	imħatri
betty	betty
bevel	ċanfrin
beverage	xorb
bevy	bevy
beware	beware
bewilder	bewilder
bewildered	konfuż
bewilderment	sturdut
bias	preġudizzju
biased	preġudikata
bib	bavalor
bible	bibbja
biblical	bibliċi
bibliography	bibljografija
bicarbonate	bikarbonat
bicentennial	Bicentennial
biceps	biceps
bicker	bicker
bickering	bickering
bicolor	bicolor
bicycle	roti
bid	offerta
bidder	offerent
bidding	offerti
bide	NO TRANSLATION
biennial	kull sentejn
bier	NO TRANSLATION
bifurcation	bifurcazzjoni
big	kbir
bigamy	bigamy
bigday	bigday
biggestfear	NO TRANSLATION
biggie	biggie
bighorn	bighorn
bigmouth	bigmouth
bigot	bigot
bigoted	bigoted
bigotry	bigotry
bike	rota
biker	biker
bikini	bikini
bilateral	bilaterali
bilayer	bilayer
bile	bile
bilge	sentina
bilingual	bilingwi
bill	kont
billboard	billboard
billet	billetta
billiard	biljard
billiards	billiards
billing	kontijiet
billion	biljun
billionaire	biljunarju
billy	billy
bimbo	bimbo
bimonthly	bimensili
bin	bin
binary	binarju
bind	torbot
binder	binder
bindery	bindery
binding	jorbot
bing	bing
binge	bla rażan
bingo	Bingo
binocular	binokulari
binoculars	binokli
binomial	binomjali
bio	bio
biochemical	bijokimika
biochemist	bijokimist
biochemistry	bijokimika
biogenesis	bioġenesi
biographer	bijografu
biography	bijografija
biological	bijoloġiċi
biologist	bijologu
biology	bijoloġija
bionic	bionic
biopsy	bijopsija
biosphere	Bijosfera
bipartite	bipartit
bipolar	bipolari
birch	Birch
bird	għasafar
birdcage	ġwienaħ ta 'l-għasafar
birdie	għasafar
birdman	birdman
birth	twelid
birthday	għeluq
birthing	twelid
birthmark	birthmark
birthplace	post fejn twieled
birthright	id-dritt tat-twelid
bis	NO TRANSLATION
biscuit	gallettini
bisexual	bisesswali
bishop	isqof
bison	bison
bisque	bisque
bistro	bistro
bit	daqsxejn
bitch	kelba
bitchy	bitchy
bite	gidma
biter	NO TRANSLATION
bitsy	bitsy
bitter	morr
bitterly	b'dispjaċir
bitterness	imrar
bittersweet	bittersweet
bitty	bitty
bitumen	bitum
biweekly	darbtejn fil-ġimgħa
biz	biz
bizarre	stramba
blab	blab
blabbermouth	blabbermouth
black	iswed
black snake	serp iswed
blackberry	tut
blackbird	Iswed
blackboard	blackboard
blacken	sewda
blackface	iswed
blackjack	Blackjack
blacklist	lista s-sewda
blackmail	rikatt
blackmailer	blackmailer
blackness	blackness
blackout	blackouts
blacksmith	fergħa
bladder	bużżieqa
blade	xafra
blame	tort
blameless	bla difetti
bland	bland
blank	vojt
blanket	kutra
blare	blare
blase	NO TRANSLATION
blasphemous	blasfema
blasphemy	blasfemija
blast	blast
blaster	Blaster
blastoff	blastoff
blatant	sfaċċat
blather	blather
blaze	blaze
blazer	blazer
blazing	tisreġ
bleach	bliċ
bleak	skoraġġanti
bleed	fsada
bleeder	fsada
bleeding	fsada
bleep	bleep
blemish	tbajja
blemished	imtabba '
blend	taħlita
blender	blender
blending	taħlit
bless	bless
blessed	mbierka
blessing	barka
blessings	tberik
bleu	bleu
blight	blight
blighted	blighted
blimp	blimp
blind	għomja
blinded	blinded
blindfold	blindfold
blindfolded	biegħ il-bieb
blinding	blinding
blindly	bl-addoċċ
blindness	għama
blink	blink
blip	blip
bliss	bliss
blissful	blissful
blister	folja
blistering	nfafet
blitz	blitz
blizzard	Blizzard
bloat	bloat
bloated	nefħa
blob	blob
block	blokka
blockade	imblokk
blockage	imblukkar
blockbuster	blockbuster
blockhead	blockhead
blog	blog
bloke	blokk
blond	blond
blonde	Blonde
blood	demm
bloodbath	banju tad-demm
bloodhound	bloodhound
bloodless	mingħajr tbajja '
bloodline	linja tad-demm
bloodshed	tbattal tad-demm
bloodshot	demm
bloodstream	demm
bloodthirsty	bloodthirsty
bloody	imdemmi
bloom	bloom
bloomers	bloomers
blooming	blooming
blossom	fjur
blot	blot
blotched	blotched
blotter	blotter
blouse	blouse
blow	blow
blower	blower
blowfish	blowfish
blowing	blowing
blowjob	blowjob
blown	minfuħa
blowout	Onfoħ
blowtorch	blowtorch
blubber	blubber
bluddy	bluddy
blue	blu
blue spruce	spruce blu
blueberry	blueberry
bluebird	Bluebird
bluegrass	bluegrass
bluejay	bluejay
blueprint	blueprint
blues	blu
bluff	bluff
bluish	blu
blunder	blunder
blunt	ċatt
blur	ċċajpar
blurred	mċajpra
blurry	mċajpra
blurt	blurt
blush	blush
blushing	blushing
boa	NO TRANSLATION
boa constrictor	NO TRANSLATION
boar	ħanżir
board	abbord
board game	logħba tal-bord
boarder	NO TRANSLATION
boarding	imbark
boardroom	board room
boards	bordijiet
boardwalk	boardwalk
boast	niftaħar
boastful	boastful
boasting	boasting
boat	dgħajsa
boathouse	boathouse
boating	Tbaħħir
boatload	boatload
boatman	boatman
bobbin	bobbin
bobcat	bobcat
bobsled	bobsled
bode	bode
bodega	bodega
bodice	bodice
bodily	ġisem
body	korp
bodyguard	gwardja tas-sigurtà
bog	bog
bogey	bogey
bogeyman	bogeyman
bogus	foloz
bohemian	Boemja
boil	għalli
boiler	bojler
boilerplate	boilerplate
boiling	togħlija
boisterous	boisterous
bold	bold
boldness	awdaċja
bollocks	bollocks
bolster	jsaħħu
bolt	bolt
bolus	bolus
bomb	bomba
bombard	bombard
bombardier	bombardier
bombardment	bumbardament
bombed	ibbumbardjat
bomber	bomber
bombers	bombi
bombing	bomba
bombshell	bombshell
bonanza	Bonanza
bonbon	NO TRANSLATION
bond	bond
bondage	jasar
bonding	bonding
bonds	bonds
bondsman	bondsman
bone	għadam
bonehead	għadam tal-għadam
boner	boner
bones	għadam
bonfire	ħuġġieġa
bong	bong
bonkers	bonkers
bonne	NO TRANSLATION
bonnet	bonnet
bonny	bonny
bonsai	Bonsai
bonus	bonus
bony	bony
boo	boo
boob	boob
booby	booby
booger	booger
boogeyman	boogeyman
boogie	boogie
book	ktieb
bookcase	librerija
bookie	bookie
booking	prenotazzjoni
bookish	bookish
bookkeeper	accountant
bookkeeping	żamma tal-kotba
booklet	fuljett
bookmaker	bookmaker
bookmark	bookmark
books	kotba
bookseller	librerija
bookshop	librerija
bookstore	librerija
bookworm	bookworm
boom	boom
boomer	Boomer
boomerang	Boomerang
booming	qawwi
boon	barka
boooo	NO TRANSLATION
boost	spinta
booster	booster
boot	boot
booth	kabina
bootleg	bootleg
bootlegger	bootlegger
boots	stivali
booty	Booty
booze	booze
bop	bop
bopper	bopper
border	fruntiera
bordering	li jmissu mal-fruntiera
borderline	fruntiera
bore	ġarrew
boreal	boreali
bored	bored
boredom	dwejjaq
borer	borer
boring	boring
born	imwieled
boron	boron
borough	borough
borrow	tissellef
borrower	min jissellef
bosom	bosom
boss	boxxla
bossy	boxxla
boston	boston
botanical	botaniku
botanist	botanist
botany	botanija
bother	jolqot
bothering	bothering
bottle	flixkun
bottleneck	ostaklu
bottling	ibbottiljar
bottom	qiegħ
bottomless	mingħajr qiegħ
botulism	botuliżmu
boulder	boulder
bounce	bounce
bouncer	bouncer
bouncy	bouncy
bound	marbuta
boundary	fruntiera
boundless	mingħajr fruntieri
bounds	limiti
bountiful	bountiful
bounty	bounty
bouquet	bukkett
bourbon	bourbon
bourgeois	bourgeois
bourgeoisie	bourgeoisie
bourse	bourse
bout	bout
boutique	boutique
bouttime	bouttime
bovine	bovini
bow	pruwa
bowed	bowed
bowel	imsaren
bowels	imsaren
bowl	skutella
bowler	bowler
bowling	bowling
bowls	bwieqi
box	kaxxa
boxcar	boxcar
boxer	boxer
boxers	Boxers
boxing	boxing
boy	tifel
boycott	bojkott
boyfriend	għarus
boyhood	boyhood
boyish	boyish
boysenberry	boysenberry
bozo	bozo
bra	Bra
brace	ċineg
bracelet	bracelet
braces	ċingi
brachial	Brachial
bracket	parentesi
brackets	parentesi
brackish	salmastru
brad	brad
brag	ftaħar
braid	ferrovija
brain	moħħ
brainless	bla moħħ
brains	imħuħ
brainstorm	brainstorm
brainwash	brainwash
brainy	brainy
brake	brejk
bran	nuħħala
branch	fergħa
branching	fergħat
brand	marka
brandy	brandi
brash	brash
brass	ram
brass knuckle	għonq tar-ram
brassiere	brassiere
brat	Brat
bratwurst	bratwurst
bravado	bravado
brave	kuraġġużi
bravery	qalb
brawl	Brawl
brawn	brawn
brazen	imsajjar
breach	ksur
bread	ħobż
breadth	wisa '
break	waqfa
breakable	jinqasmu
breakaway	breakaway
breakdown	tqassim
breaker	interruttur
breakers	breakers
breakfast	kolazzjon
breaking and entering	tkissir u dħul
breakingnews	breakingnews
breakneck	breakneck
breakthrough	breakthrough
breakup	tifrik
breast	tas-sider
breath	nifs
breathe	nifs
breather	nifs
breathless	bla nifs
breathtaking	isbaħ
breech	breech
breeches	breeches
breed	razza
breeder	min irabbi
breeding	tnissil
breeze	breeze
breezy	breezy
brethren	ħutna
breve	NO TRANSLATION
brevity	brevità
brew	brew
brewery	birrerija
brewing	birra
briar	briar
bribe	tixħima
bribery	tixħim
brick	briks
bridal	bridal
bride	bride
bridegroom	bridegroom
bridesmaid	bridesmaid
bridge	pont
bridle	bridle
brief	fil-qosor
briefcase	bagalja
briefing	briefing
briefly	fil-qosor
brig	brig
brigade	brigata
bright	qawwi
brighten	brighten
brightens	brightens
brighter	aktar isbaħ
brightness	luminożità
brilliance	brilliance
brilliant	brillanti
brim	xifer
brimming	brimming
brimstone	brimstone
brine	salmura
bring	iġibu
brink	xifer
brisk	mgħaġġel
brisket	sidra
bristle	bristle
brittle	fraġli
bro	bro
broach	tinkixef
broad	wiesgħa
broadcast	xandira
broadcasting	xandir
broaden	iwessgħu
broadside	broadside
broadsword	broadsword
brocade	Brocade
broccoli	brokkoli
brochure	fuljett
broil	broil
broke	kissru
broken	imkisser
brokenheart	NO TRANSLATION
brokenhearted	qalbu miksura
broker	sensar
brokerage	senserija
bromide	bromid
bronco	bronco
bronze	bronż
brooch	brazzuletta
brood	brood
brooding	għoqod
brook	brook
broom	xkupa
broomstick	broomstick
broth	brodu
brothel	prostituzzjoni
brother	ħuh
brotherhood	fratellanza
brotherly	fraterni
brow	brow
brown	kannella
brownstone	kannella
browse	jibbrawżjaw
brrr	brrr
bruise	tbenġil
bruising	tbenġil
brunch	brunch
brunette	brunette
brunt	piż
brush	pinzell
brutal	brutali
brutality	brutalità
brute	brute
brutish	brutish
bubble	bużżieqa
bubbling	tbaqbieq
bubbly	bubbly
bubonic	bubonic
buck	Buck
buckaroo	buckaroo
bucket	barmil
buckle	bokkla
buckled	buckled
bucko	bucko
buckshot	buckshot
buckwheat	buckwheat
bud	bud
buddha	Buddha
buddhism	Buddiżmu
buddhist	budista
budding	budding
buddy	buddy
budge	budge
budget	baġit
buff	buff
buffalo	buflu
buffer	buffer
buffering	buffering
buffet	buffet
buffoon	buffoon
bug	bug
bugaboo	bugaboo
bugged	bugged
bugger	bugger
buggy	buggy
bugle	bugle
bugler	bugler
build	jibnu
builder	bennej
building	bini
buildings	bini
buildup	jibnu
bulb	bozza
bulbous	bulbous
bulge	nefħa
bulimic	bulimiku
bulk	bl-ingrossa
bulkhead	paratija
bulky	goff
bull	barri
bulldog	bulldog
bulldozer	bulldozer
bullet	bullet
bulletin	bullettin
bulletproof	kontra l-balal
bullfighter	bullfighter
bullfrog	bullfrog
bullheaded	bullheaded
bullhorn	bullhorn
bullion	ingotti
bullock	bullock
bullpen	bullpen
bullshit	bullshit
bully	buli
bulwark	balwark
bum	bum
bumblebee	bumblebee
bummed	bummed
bummer	bummer
bump	bump
bumper	bamper
bumpy	bumpy
bun	NO TRANSLATION
bunch	mazz
bundle	pakkett
bungalow	bangalow
bungee	bungee
bunghole	bunghole
bunion	bunion
bunk	gallarija
bunker	bunker
bunkhouse	bunkhouse
bunny	fenek
bunt	bunt
buoy	baga
buoyancy	fluss tal-bastiment
buoyant	qawwi
bur	Bur
burden	piż
burdened	mgħobbi
burdensome	ta 'piż
bureau	bureau
bureaucracy	burokrazija
bureaucrat	burokrat
bureaucratic	burokratiku
burger	burger
burglar	serq
burglary	serq
burial	dfin
buried	midfun
burke	burke
burlap	burlap
burlesque	burlesque
burly	burly
burn	ħruq
burned	maħruq
burner	burner
burning	ħruq
burnished	ħruq
burnout	burnout
burnt	maħruqa
burp	burp
burr	burr
burrito	burrito
burro	NO TRANSLATION
burrow	burrow
bursary	borża ta 'studju
burst	nfaqgħet
bury	midfuna
bus	xarabank
busboy	busboy
bush	bush
bushel	bushel
bushy	bushy
business	negozju
business man	NO TRANSLATION
businessman	negozjant
businesswoman	negozjant
busload	busload
buss	buss
bust	bust
busted	maqtul
buster	buster
bustle	miżgħuda
bustling	bustling
busy	għandi x'nagħmel
busybody	busybody
butane	butan
butcher	biċċier
butler	butler
butt	butt
butter	butir
buttercup	buttercup
butterfly	farfett
buttermilk	xorrox tal-butir
butterscotch	butterscotch
buttery	butir
buttock	buttock
buttocks	il-warrani
button	buttuna
buttress	buttress
buxom	buxom
buy	jixtru
buyer	xerrej
buying	xiri
buzz	buzz
buzzard	buzzard
buzzed	buzzed
buzzer	buzzer
buzzing	żanżin
bye	bye
bygone	bygone
bylaw	bylaw
byline	byline
bypass	bypass
bystander	passaport
byte	byte
byzantine	bizantina
cab	kabina
cabal	cabal
cabana	kabana
cabaret	cabaret
cabbage	kaboċċa
cabbie	cabbie
cabernet	Cabernet
cabin	kabina
cabinet	kabinett
cable	kejbil
caboodle	Caboodle
caboose	caboose
cabriolet	kabjolat
cache	cache
cacophony	cacophony
cactus	Kaktus
cad	cad
cadaver	kadavri
caddie	NO TRANSLATION
caddy	caddy
cadence	cadence
cadet	kadetti
cafe	kafetterija
cafeteria	kafetterija
caffeine	kaffeina
cage	gaġġa
cagey	cagey
cahoots	Cahoots
cairn	cairn
cake	kejk
cakewalk	cakewalk
calamari	kalamari
calamitous	kalamitous
calamity	diżgrazzja
calcareous	kalkarji
calcium	kalċju
calculate	ikkalkula
calculated	ikkalkulat
calculating	kalkolu
calculation	kalkolu
calculator	kalkolatur
calculus	kalkulu
calendar	kalendarju
calender	NO TRANSLATION
calf	għoġol
caliber	kalibru
calibrate	ikkalibra
calico	calico
calipers	kumpass
calisthenics	kalistenija
call	sejħa
callback	ċempilli lura
caller	sejjieħ
calligraphy	kaligrafija
calling	sejħa
callous	kalma
calls	sejħiet
calm	kalm
calming	paċifikazzjoni
calmness	kalma
caloric	kaloriji
calorie	kaloriji
calorimeter	kalorimetru
cam	cam
camaraderie	camaraderie
camber	camber
camcorder	kamkorder
camel	ġemel
cameo	cameo
camera	kamera
cameraman	cameraman
camisole	camisole
camouflage	camouflage
camouflaged	NO TRANSLATION
camp	kamp
campaign	kampanja
campaigner	attivist
campaigning	kampanji
camper	camper
campfire	campfire
camping	ikkampjar
campsite	kampeġġ
campus	kampus
can	jista '
can opener	tista 'tiftaħ
canal	kanal
canary	kanarju
cancel	tikkanċella
canceling	kanċellazzjoni
cancellation	kanċellazzjoni
cancer	kanċer
candid	sinċier
candidacy	kandidatura
candidate	kandidat
candied	konfettura
candle	xemgħa
candlelight	dawl tax-xemgħat
candles	xemgħat
candlestick	gandlier
candor	xandir
candy	kandju
cane	tal-kannamieli
canine	klieb
canister	canister
canker	kankru
cannabis	kannabis
canned	fil-laned
cannibal	cannibal
cannibalism	kannibaliżmu
canning	bottiljar
cannon	kanun
cannonball	kanannball
canoe	canoe
canon	kanon
canonical	kanoniku
canons	kanoni
canopy	kanupew
cantaloupe	cantaloupe
cantbreathe	NO TRANSLATION
canteen	canteen
canterbury	canterbury
canthandleit	NO TRANSLATION
cantilever	cantilever
cantina	kantina
canto	NO TRANSLATION
canton	canton
cantstandit	NO TRANSLATION
cantwin	cantwin
canvas	Kanvas
canvass	NO TRANSLATION
canyon	canyon
cap	għatu
capability	il-kapaċità
capable	kapaċi
capacity	il-kapaċità
cape	Cape
caper	caper
capillary	kapillari
capital	kapital
capitalism	kapitaliżmu
capitalist	kapitalist
capitalize	tikkapitalizza
capitals	kapitali
capitation	capitation
capitol	Capitol
capitulation	kapitolazzjoni
cappuccino	cappuccino
caprice	caprice
capricious	kapitali
caps	tappijiet
capslock	capslock
capsule	kapsula
captain	kaptan
caption	caption
captivate	captivate
captivating	captivating
captive	captive
captivity	kaptività
captor	capttor
capture	qbid
car	karozza
caramel	karamella
carat	karat
caravan	karavan
carbon	karbonju
carburetor	karburatur
carcass	karkassa
carcinoma	karċinoma
card	karta
cardboard	kartun
cardiac	kardijaċi
cardigan	cardigan
cardinal	kardinali
cardiologist	kardjologu
cardiology	kardjoloġija
cardiomyopathy	kardjomijopatija
cards	karti
care	kura
career	karriera
carefree	bla nkwiet ta xejn
careful	bir-reqqa
carefully	b'attenzjoni
careless	Ŝejjed
carelessness	traskuraġni
caress	caress
caret	caret
caretaker	gwardjan
cargo	merkanzija
caribou	caribou
caricature	Karikatura
caries	caries
caring	jieħdu ħsieb
carjack	carjack
carnage	carnage
carnal	carnal
carnation	qronfol
carnival	karnival
carnivorous	karnivori
carol	Carol
carols	carols
carousel	karużell
carp	karpjun
carpal	carpal
carpenter	mastrudaxxa
carpentry	mastrudaxxi
carpet	tapit
carpeting	twapet
carpool	carpool
carriage	ġarr
carried	jinġarru
carrier	trasportatur
carrot	zunnarija
carry	twettaq
carrying	twettiq
carsick	carsick
cart	karrettun
carte	NO TRANSLATION
cartel	kartell
carter	carter
cartilage	qarquċa
cartographic	kartografiku
cartography	kartografija
carton	kaxxa tal-kartun
cartoon	cartoons
cartouche	NO TRANSLATION
cartridge	skartoċċ
carve	ifittxu
carver	carver
carving	tinqix
cascade	kaskata
case	każ
casein	kaseina
cash	flus kontanti
cashier	kaxxier
cashmere	Cashmere
casing	casing
casino	każinò
cask	barmil
casket	kaxxett
casserole	casserole
cassette	cassette
cast	mitfugħa
castaway	imwarrab
caste	kasta
caster	caster
castle	kastell
castor	riġnu
castrate	kastrati
castration	kastrazzjoni
casual	każwali
casually	każwali
casualty	diżgrazzja
cat	qattus
catabolism	kataboliżmu
catalog	katalogu
catalogue	katalogu
catalysis	katalisi
catalyst	katalizzatur
catalytic	katalitiku
catamaran	katamaran
catapult	catapult
cataract	katarretti
catastrophe	diżastru
catastrophic	katastrofiċi
catatonic	katatoniċi
catch	qabda
catcher	riċevitur
catching	qbid
catchphrase	catchphrase
catchy	catchy
catechism	katekiżmu
categorical	kategoriku
category	kategorija
cater	jaħsbu
caterer	caterer
caterpillar	caterpillar
cates	cates
catfish	catfish
cathartic	kattartiku
cathedral	katidral
catheter	kateter
catholic	kattoliku
cathouse	katata
catnip	catnip
cattle	baqar
catwalk	catwalk
caucus	caucus
caudal	caudal
cauldron	cauldron
cauliflower	pastard
caulk	caulk
causal	kawżali
causality	kawżalità
causation	kawżazzjoni
cause	jikkawża
caused	ikkawżat
causeway	kustodja
caution	kawtela
cautionary	kawtela
cautious	kawt
cautiously	b'kawtela
cavalier	cavalier
cavalry	cavalry
cave	grotta
caveat	twissija
caveman	caveman
cavern	għadajjar
cavernous	cavernous
caviar	kavjar
caving	caving
cavity	kavità
cayenne	Cayenne
cease	tieqaf
ceasefire	waqfien mill-ġlied
ceaseless	bla waqfien
cedar	Ċedru
cede	cede
ceiling	saqaf
celebrant	celebrant
celebrate	niċċelebraw
celebrated	ċelebrat
celebrating	tiċċelebra
celebration	ċelebrazzjoni
celebrations	ċelebrazzjonijiet
celebratory	ċelebrazzjoni
celebrity	ċelebrità
celery	karfus
celestial	ċelesti
celibacy	celibacy
celibate	celibate
cell	ċellula
cellar	kantina
cellblock	cellblock
cellist	cellist
cellmate	cellmate
cello	cello
cellophane	cellophane
cellular	ċellulari
cellulite	cellulite
celluloid	celluloid
cement	siment
cemented	ikkonsolidat
cemetery	ċimiterju
censor	ċensura
censorship	ċensura
censure	ċensura
census	ċensiment
cent	mija
centenary	ċentinarju
centennial	centennial
center	ċentru
centerfold	centerfold
centerpiece	qofol
centimeter	ċentimetru
centipede	centipede
central	ċentrali
centrality	ċentraliżmu
centralization	ċentralizzazzjoni
centralize	ċentralizzazzjoni
centrally	ċentralment
centrifugal	ċentrifugali
centrifuge	ċentrifuga
centurion	centurion
century	seklu
ceramic	ċeramika
ceramics	ċeramika
cereal	ċereali
cereals	ċereali
cerebral	ċerebrali
ceremonial	ċerimonjali
ceremony	ċerimonja
certain	ċerti
certainty	ċertezza
certifiable	ċertifikabbli
certificate	ċertifikat
certified	iċċertifikat
certify	niċċertifika
cervical	ċervikali
cervix	ċerviċi
cess	cess
cessation	waqfien
cesspool	cesspool
cha cha	NO TRANSLATION
chaff	karfa
chafing	chafing
chagrin	chagrin
chagrined	chagrined
chai	chai
chain	katina
chainsaw	serrieq
chair	president
chairman	chairman
chairperson	chairperson
chairwoman	chairwoman
chaise	chaise
chalet	chalet
chalice	kalċi
chalk	ġibs
challenge	sfida
challenger	isfidant
chamber	kamra
chambermaid	chambermaid
chambers	kmamar
chameleon	chameleon
champ	Champ
champagne	xampanja
champion	champion
championship	kampjonat
chance	ċans
chancellor	Kanċillier
chandelier	Chandelier
chandler	chandler
change	bidla
changeable	jinbidel
changed	inbidlet
changer	changer
changing	jinbidlu
channel	kanal
chant	Chant
chaos	kaos
chaotic	kaotika
chap	chap
chapel	kappella
chaperon	chaperon
chaplain	kappillan
chapman	chapman
chaps	chaps
chapter	kapitolu
char	char
character	karattru
characteristic	karatteristika
characterize	jikkaratterizzaw
charade	charade
charcoal	faħam tal-kannol
chardonnay	chardonnay
charge	ħlas
chargeable	taxxabbli
charger	ċarġer
chariot	chariot
charisma	charisma
charismatic	karismatiku
charitable	karita '
charity	karità
charlatan	charlatan
charm	CHARM
charmed	charmed
charmer	charmer
charming	charming
charred	charred
chart	tabella
charter	charter
chartered	mikrija
chase	chase
chased	maqtula
chaser	chaser
chasm	chasm
chassis	xażi
chaste	chaste
chastened	chastened
chastisement	kastig
chastity	chastity
chat	chat
chateau	chateau
chatter	chatter
chatterbox	chatterbox
chattering	chattering
chatty	chatty
chauffeur	chauffeur
chauvinist	Chauvinist
cheap	irħis
cheapened	irħas
cheapskate	cheapskate
cheat	iqarrqu
cheater	cheater
check	kontroll
checkbook	checkbook
checker	kontrollur
checkered	immarkati
checkers	kontrolluri
checklist	lista ta 'kontroll
checkmate	checkmate
checkout	checkout
checkpoint	punt ta 'kontroll
checkup	check up
cheek	ħaddejn
cheeks	ħaddejn
cheeky	cheeky
cheep	cheep
cheer	cheer
cheered	mimlija
cheerful	ferrieħa
cheerfulness	ferrieħa
cheering	cheering
cheerleader	cheerleader
cheerleading	cheerleading
cheerless	cheerless
cheers	cheers
cheery	cheery
cheese	ġobon
cheeseburger	ġobon tal-ġobon
cheesecake	cheesecake
cheesy	Logged
cheetah	Cheetah
chef	chef
chemical	kimika
chemise	NO TRANSLATION
chemist	spiżjar
chemistry	kimika
chemo	kemo
chemotherapy	kemjoterapija
cheque	kontroll
cherish	għeżież
cherishing	għeżież
cherry	ċirasa
cherub	cherub
chess	ċess
chest	sider
chestnut	qastan
chevron	chevron
chew	tomgħod
chewy	mgħaġġel
chic	CHIC
chicane	chicane
chick	flieles
chicken	tiġieġ
chicken pox	gidri r-riħ
chickenpox	gidri r-riħ
chief	kap
chiefly	prinċipalment
chieftain	chieftain
chiffon	Chiffon
child	tifel / tifla
childbirth	twelid
childhood	it-tfulija
childish	tfal
childless	mingħajr tfal
childlike	tfal simili
childloss	NO TRANSLATION
children	tfal
chili	CHILI
chill	chill
chilled	imkessaħ
chilling	tkessiħ
chilly	chilly
chime	chime
chimera	kimera
chimes	chimes
chimney	ċumnija
chimp	chimp
chimpanzee	chimpanzee
chin	Chin
china	kina
chinchilla	ċinċilla
chine	NO TRANSLATION
chinook	Chinook
chip	ċippa
chipmunk	chipmunk
chipper	chipper
chipping	tixlif
chiropractor	chiropractor
chirp	chirp
chirping	chirping
chisel	chisel
chiseler	chiseler
chit	chit
chitchat	chitchat
chivalry	chivalry
chloride	klorur
chlorine	kloru
chloroform	kloroform
chocolate	ċikkulata
choice	għażla
choir	kor
choke	ċowk
cholera	kolera
cholesterol	kolesterol
choose	agħżel
choosing	jagħżlu
choosy	jagħżlu
chop	CHOP
chopper	chopper
choppers	choppers
chopping	tqattiegħ
chops	chops
choral	korali
chord	korda
chords	kordi
chore	chore
choreographer	koreografu
choreography	Koreografija
chorus	kor
chosen	magħżul
chow	chow
chowder	Chowder
christ	Kristu
christen	NO TRANSLATION
christening	christening
christian	christian
christmas	Milied
christmasbreak	NO TRANSLATION
christmaseve	NO TRANSLATION
christmasspirit	NO TRANSLATION
christmassy	christmassy
christmastime	christmastime
chromatic	kromatiċi
chromatography	kromatografija
chrome	chrome
chromium	kromju
chromosome	kromosoma
chronic	kroniku
chronicle	chronicle
chronograph	kronografu
chronological	kronoloġiku
chubby	chubby
chuck	chuck
chuckle	chuckle
chug	chug
chum	chum
chummy	chummy
chump	chump
chunk	chunk
chunky	chunky
church	knisja
churchyard	bitħa tal-knisja
churn	taħsir
chute	chute
chutney	chutney
ciao	ciao
cider	sidru
cigar	sigarru
cigarette	sigarett
cilantro	cilantro
cinch	cinch
cinder	cinder
cinema	ċinema
cinematic	ċinematiku
cinematographer	ċinematografu
cinematography	ċinematografija
cinnamon	kannella
cipher	ċifra
circle	ċirku
circling	dawran
circuit	ċirkwit
circuitry	ċirkuwiti
circular	ċirkolari
circulate	jiċċirkolaw
circulation	ċirkolazzjoni
circulatory	ċirkolatorja
circumcision	ċirkonċiżjoni
circumference	ċirkonferenza
circumferential	ċirkonferenzjali
circumscribed	ċirkoskritti
circumstance	ċirkustanza
circumstances	ċirkostanzi
circumstantial	ċirkostanzjali
circumvent	jaħarbu
circumvention	evażjoni
circus	ċirku
cirque	cirque
cirrhosis	ċirrożi
cirrus	cirrus
cistern	cistern
citadel	citadel
citation	ċitazzjoni
cite	jikkwotaw
citizen	ċittadin
citizenship	ċittadinanza
citrine	Citrine
citrus	ċitru
city	belt
citywide	madwar il-belt
civic	ċiviku
civics	ċiviċi
civil	ċivili
civilian	ċivili
civilians	nies ċivili
civility	ċivilità
civilization	ċiviltà
civilized	ċivilizzat
clad	miksi
claim	talba
claimant	attur
clairvoyant	clairvoyant
clam	Arzella
clambake	clambake
clammy	twaħħal
clamor	clamor
clamp	morsa
clan	klann
clandestine	klandestin
clang	clang
clap	clap
clapper	clapper
clapping	blalen
clarification	kjarifika
clarify	ikkjarifika
clarinet	klarinett
clarion	ċarezza
clarity	ċarezza
clash	kunflitt
clashing	jikkumbattu
clasp	clasp
class	klassi
classic	klassiku
classic rock	blat klassiku
classical	klassiku
classics	klassiċi
classification	klassifikazzjoni
classified	ikklassifikat
classify	tikklassifika
classmate	klassi tal-klassi
classroom	fil-klassi
classy	classy
clatter	clatter
clause	klawżola
clauses	klawżoli
claustrophobia	claustrofobija
claustrophobic	claustrofobika
clavicle	klavikula
claw	claw
claws	dwiefer
clay	tafal
clean	nadif
cleaner	aktar nodfa
cleaning	tindif
cleanliness	ndafa
cleanly	b'mod nadif
cleanse	nodfa
cleanser	cleanser
cleansing	tindif
cleanup	Naddaf
clear	ċar
clearance	tneħħija
clearing	ikklerjar
clearness	ċarezza
cleat	bitti
cleavage	qsim
cleave	jaqbdu
cleaver	NO TRANSLATION
clef	clef
cleft	fgat
clemency	klemenza
clench	clench
clergy	kleru
clergyman	kleru
cleric	kleru
clerical	klerikali
clerk	skrivan
clerkship	iskrivanija
clever	għaqlija
cleverness	għaqlija
click	ikklikkja
clicker	clicker
client	klijent
clientele	klijentela
cliff	irdum
climate	klima
climatology	klimatoloġija
climax	quċċata
climb	tluq
climber	climber
clinch	tinkwadra
cling	riċiklaġġ
clingy	irbit
clinic	klinika
clinical	kliniku
clink	clink
clip	clip
clipboard	clipboard
clipper	klipper
clipping	ikklippjar
clique	NO TRANSLATION
clitoris	klitoris
cloak	żebgħa
cloaking	cloaking
cloakroom	cloakroom
clobber	clobber
clock	arloġġ
clockwork	xogħol tal-arloġġ
clod	clod
clog	jinstaddu
cloister	cloister
clone	klonu
cloning	klonazzjoni
close	qrib
closed	magħluq
closeness	viċinanza
closet	closet
closure	għeluq
clot	embolu
cloth	drapp
clothe	ilbies
clothes	ħwejjeġ
clothesline	ħwejjeġ tal-bjut
clothing	ilbies
cloud	sħaba
clouded	imdawla
cloudiness	sħana
clouds	sħab
cloudy	imdardra
clout	influwenza
clove	sinna
clover	silla
cloves	qronfol
clown	buffu
clowns	buffi
club	klabb
clubhouse	clubhouse
clubs	klabbs
cluck	Cluck
clue	clue
clueless	mhux ikklassifikat
clump	jingħaqdu
clumsy	torbot
clunk	clunk
cluster	cluster
clutch	klaċċ
clutches	klaċċijiet
clutter	imbarazz
coach	kowċ
coachman	kowċier
coagulation	koagulazzjoni
coal	faħam
coalesce	koalesce
coalition	koalizzjoni
coarse	ħafif
coast	kosta
coastal	kostali
coaster	coaster
coastline	kosta
coat	pil
coating	kisi
coax	coax
cobalt	kobalt
cobble	cobble
cobbler	cobbler
cobra	cobra
cocaine	kokaina
cock	vit
cockamamie	cockamamie
cockeyed	cockeyed
cockpit	kabina tal-pilota
cockroach	cockroach
cocksucker	cocksucker
cocktail	cocktail
cocky	irqad
cocoa	kawkaw
coconut	coconut
cocoon	Cocoon
cod	merluzz
code	kodiċi
codeine	codeine
codex	codex
codfish	merluzz
codification	kodifikazzjoni
codify	jikkodifika
coding	kodifikazzjoni
coed	coed
coefficient	koeffiċjent
coerce	il-ġlied
coercion	koerzjoni
coercive	koercive
coexist	jikkoeżistu
coexistence	koeżistenza
coexisting	koeżistenti
coffee	kafè
coffee table	Mejda tal-kafe
coffeehouse	coffeehouse
coffeepot	coffeepot
coffin	tebut
cog	cog
cogent	konviventi
cognac	Cognac
cognate	imsejjaħ
cognition	konjizzjoni
cognitive	konjittivi
cohabitation	koabitazzjoni
coherence	koerenza
coherent	koerenti
cohesion	koeżjoni
cohesive	koeżiv
cohort	cohort
coil	coil
coiled	f'koljaturi
coin	munita
coinage	muniti
coincide	jikkoinċidu
coincidence	koinċidenza
coincident	koinċidenti
coincidental	b'kumbinazzjoni
coinciding	jikkoinċidi
coke	kokk
cola	cola
cold	kiesaħ
coldly	kiesaħ
coldness	kesħa
coldsweat	NO TRANSLATION
coleslaw	coleslaw
colic	kolika
coliseum	koliseum
collaborate	tikkollabora
collaboration	kollaborazzjoni
collaborator	kollaboratur
collage	collage
collagen	kollaġen
collapse	kollass
collar	kullar
collarbone	klarbun
collate	tiġbor
collateral	kollaterali
collation	kollazzjoni
colleague	kollega
collect	jiġbru
collected	miġbura
collection	ġbir
collective	kollettiv
collectively	kollettivament
collector	kollettur
college	kulleġġ
collegiate	kolleġjali
collide	jikkonfliġġu
collie	collie
collision	kolliżjoni
collocation	kollokazzjoni
colloquial	kollokjali
collusion	kollużjoni
cologne	Cologne
colon	kolon
colonel	Kurunell
colonial	kolonjali
colonic	koloniku
colonoscopy	colonoscopy
colony	kolonja
colophon	kolofonu
color	kulur
coloration	kulur
colored	ikkulurit
colorful	mlewna
coloring	kulur
colorless	bla kulur
colors	kuluri
colossal	kolossali
colt	colt
columbine	columbine
column	kolonna
columnar	columnar
columnist	columnist
com	NO TRANSLATION
coma	koma
comatose	comatose
comb	moxt
combat	ġlieda kontra
combatant	ġellieda
combative	kombinattiv
combination	kombinazzjoni
combinatorial	kombinatorja
combine	jgħaqqdu
combined	flimkien
combo	Combo
combustible	kombustibbli
combustion	kombustjoni
come	come
comeback	Ejja lura
comedian	kummidjant
comedy	kummiedja
comet	kometa
comfort	kumdità
comfortable	komdu
comforter	comforter
comforting	comforting
comfy	comfy
comic	komiks
comical	komiku
comics	komiks
coming	li ġejjin
comma	comma
command	kmand
commandant	kmandant
commandeer	kommandatur
commander	kmandant
commanding	kmandant
commandment	kmandament
commando	commando
commemorate	jikkommemoraw
commemoration	kommemorazzjoni
commemorative	kommemorattiva
commence	tibda
commend	jirrakkomanda
commendable	ifaħħarha
commendation	commendation
commensurate	proporzjonat
comment	kumment
commentary	kummentarju
commentator	kummentatur
commerce	kummerċ
commercial	kummerċjali
commie	commie
commissary	kummissarju
commission	kummissjoni
commissioner	kummissarju
commit	jikkommettu
commitment	impenn
committal	twissija
committed	impenjat
committee	kumitat
commodity	komodità
commodore	commodore
common	komuni
commoner	commoner
commonly	komunement
commonplace	komuni
commons	commons
commonwealth	Commonwealth
commotion	tħassib
communal	komunali
commune	komun
communicable	trasmissibbli
communicate	jikkomunikaw
communication	komunikazzjoni
communicative	komunikattiv
communicator	komunikatur
communion	komunjoni
communism	komuniżmu
communist	komunista
community	komunità
commutation	kommutazzjoni
commutative	commutative
commute	jibdel
commuter	commuter
comp	komp
compact	kumpatt
compaction	kompattazzjoni
compactness	kumpattezza
companion	ħbieb
companionless	bla ħbieb
companionship	il-kumpanija
company	kumpanija
comparable	komparabbli
comparative	komparattiva
comparatively	komparattivament
compare	qabbel
comparison	paragun
compartment	kompartiment
compass	boxxla
compassion	kompassjoni
compassionate	kompassjoni
compatibility	kompatibilità
compatible	kompatibbli
compel	ixxekkel
compelled	imġiegħel
compelling	konvinċenti
compendium	kompendju
compensate	jikkumpensaw
compensation	kumpens
compensatory	kumpensatorju
compete	jikkompetu
competence	kompetenza
competency	kompetenza
competent	kompetenti
competition	kompetizzjoni
competitive	kompetittiv
competitor	kompetitur
compilation	kumpilazzjoni
compile	jikkompila
complacency	kompjaċenza
complacent	kompjaċenti
complain	tilmenta
complaint	ilment
complement	komplement
complementary	kumplimentari
complete	komplet
completed	mimlija
completely	kompletament
completeness	kompletezza
completing	timla
completion	tlestija
complex	kumpless
complexed	kumpless
complexion	jbiddel
complexity	kumplessità
compliance	konformità
compliant	konformi
complicate	ikkomplika
complicated	ikkumplikat
complication	komplikazzjoni
complicity	kompliċità
compliment	NO TRANSLATION
complimentary	kumplimentari
comply	jikkonformaw
complying	li tikkonforma
compo	compo
component	komponent
compose	jikkomponu
composed	magħmul
composer	kompożitur
composite	komposti
composition	kompożizzjoni
compost	kompost
composure	konfużjoni
compound	kompost
comprehend	tifhem
comprehension	komprensjoni
comprehensive	komprensiva
compress	kkompressat
compressed	ikkompressat
compressible	kompressibbli
compression	kompressjoni
compressor	kompressur
comprise	jinkludu
compromise	kompromess
comptroller	Kontrollur
compulsion	kompulsjoni
compulsive	kompulsiv
compulsory	obbligatorju
computable	komputabbli
computation	komputazzjoni
compute	ikkomputa
computer	kompjuter
computerized	kompjuterizzata
computing	informatika
comrade	comrade
con	NO TRANSLATION
concatenation	konkatenazzjoni
concave	konkavi
conceal	ħabi
concealed	moħbija
concealment	ħabi
concede	tikkonċedi
conceit	kunċett
conceited	conceited
conceivable	konċepibbli
conceive	konċepita
concentrate	konċentrat
concentration	konċentrazzjoni
concentric	konċentriku
concept	kunċett
conception	konċepiment
concern	tħassib
concerned	ikkonċernat
concert	kunċert
concerto	konkord
concession	konċessjoni
concessional	konċessjonarju
conch	Conch
concierge	ssorveljar
conciliation	konċiljazzjoni
concise	konċiż
conclave	conclave
conclude	tikkonkludi
concluding	tikkonkludi
conclusion	konklużjoni
conclusive	konklużiv
concoction	taħlit
concomitant	konkomitanti
concord	konkord
concordance	konkordanza
concours	NO TRANSLATION
concourse	konkors
concrete	konkrit
concubine	concubine
concur	jaqblu
concurrence	konkorrenza
concurrent	konkorrenti
concurring	konkorrenti
concussion	konkussjoni
condemn	jikkundannaw
condemnation	kundanna
condensation	kondensazzjoni
condensed	ikkondensat
condescending	kondeskendenza
condescension	kondensazzjoni
condiment	kondiment
condition	kondizzjoni
conditional	kundizzjonali
conditionally	kondizzjonalment
conditioned	kundizzjonata
conditioner	kondizzjonata
conditioning	kondizzjonament
conditions	kundizzjonijiet
condo	condo
condolence	kondoljanzi
condolences	kondoljanzi
condom	kondom
condone	jittollera
condor	kondor
conducive	konduttiva
conduct	kondotta
conduction	konduttività
conductivity	konduttività
conductor	konduttur
conduit	kondjuwit
cone	konu
confederacy	konfederazzjoni
confederate	confederate
confederation	konfederazzjoni
confer	jikkonferixxu
conference	konferenza
confess	nistqarr
confession	konfessjoni
confessional	konfessjonali
confessions	konfessjonijiet
confetti	confetti
confidant	konfidenti
confide	confide
confidence	kunfidenza
confident	kunfidenti
confidential	kunfidenzjali
confidentiality	kunfidenzjalità
confidentially	NO TRANSLATION
configuration	konfigurazzjoni
confine	tillimita ruħha
confined	limitata
confinement	rinunzja
confines	konfini
confirm	tikkonferma
confirmation	konferma
confirmatory	konfermatorja
confirmed	ikkonfermat
confiscate	jikkonfiskaw
confiscation	konfiska
conflagration	conflagration
conflict	kunflitt
conflicting	konfliġġenti
confluence	konfluwenza
conform	jikkonforma
conformance	konformità
conformation	NO TRANSLATION
conformity	konformità
confound	konfuż
confounded	imfixkla
confront	tikkonfronta
confrontation	konfrontazzjoni
confuse	jikkonfondi
confused	konfuż
confusing	konfuż
confusion	konfużjoni
conga	conga
congenial	congenial
congenital	konġenitali
congestion	konġestjoni
conglomerate	konglomerat
conglomeration	konglomerazzjoni
congrats	congrats
congratulate	nifraħ
congratulation	fedeltà
congratulations	congratulations
congratulatory	fedeltà
congregate	kongregat
congregation	kongregazzjoni
congress	kungress
congressional	kungress
congressman	kungress
congruence	kongruwenza
conic	konika
conical	koniku
conjecture	konġettura
conjugal	konjugali
conjugate	konjugat
conjugation	konjugazzjoni
conjunction	konġunzjoni
conjunctive	konġuntiva
conjure	jevokaw
conjuring	conjuring
conk	konk
connect	qabbad
connected	konnessi
connection	konnessjoni
connective	konnettiv
connoisseur	connoisseur
conquer	jirbħu
conquering	conquering
conqueror	conqueror
conquest	konkwista
conscience	kuxjenza
conscientious	kuxjenzjuż
conscious	konxja
consciousness	kuxjenza
conscription	konskrizzjoni
consecrated	ikkonsagrata
consecration	konsagrazzjoni
consecutive	konsekuttivi
consensual	kunsenswali
consensus	kunsens
consent	kunsens
consenting	kunsens
consequence	konsegwenza
consequent	konsegwenti
conservation	konservazzjoni
conservatism	konservatiżmu
conservative	konservattiv
conservatory	conservatory
conserve	ikkonservat
consider	tikkunsidra
considerable	konsiderevoli
considerate	considerate
consideration	konsiderazzjoni
consignee	destinatarju
consignment	konsenja
consist	jikkonsistu
consistency	konsistenza
consistent	konsistenti
consolation	konsolazzjoni
console	console
consoled	ikkonsolata
consolidate	tikkonsolida
consolidated	ikkonsolidat
consolidation	konsolidazzjoni
consonant	konsonanti
consort	consort
conspicuous	jidher ċar
conspiracy	konspirazzjoni
conspirator	conspirator
conspire	conspire
constable	constable
constancy	kostanza
constant	kostanti
constantly	kontinwament
constellation	kostellazzjoni
consternation	konsternazzjoni
constipation	stitikezza
constituency	kostitwenza
constituent	kostitwent
constituents	kostitwenti
constitute	jikkostitwixxu
constitution	Kostituzzjoni
constitutional	kostituzzjonali
constitutionality	kostituzzjonalità
constrain	jirrestrinġi
constrained	kostrett
constraint	restrizzjoni
construct	tinbena
construction	kostruzzjoni
constructive	kostruttiv
construe	jiftiehem
consul	konslu
consulate	konsulat
consult	ikkonsulta
consultant	konsulent
consultation	konsultazzjoni
consume	jikkunsmaw
consumer	konsumatur
consuming	jikkunsmaw
consummate	kkunsmahx
consummation	konsumazzjoni
consumption	konsum
contact	kuntatt
contagion	kontaġju
contagious	kontaġjuż
contain	fihom
container	kontenitur
containment	trażżin
contaminate	tikkontamina
contaminated	kontaminat
contamination	kontaminazzjoni
contemplate	tikkontempla
contemplation	kontemplazzjoni
contemplative	kontemplattiv
contemporaneous	kontemporanji
contemporary	kontemporanju
contempt	disprezz
contemptible	kontestabbli
contemptuous	disprezzabbli
contend	ssostni
contender	konkorrent
contending	kontendenti
content	il-kontenut
contented	kuntent
contention	allegazzjoni
contentious	kontroversjali
contentment	sodisfazzjoni
contents	kontenut
contest	konkors
contestant	kontestant
context	kuntest
contiguous	kontigwu
continence	kontinenza
continent	kontinent
continental	kontinentali
contingency	kontinġenza
contingent	kontinġenti
continual	kontinwu
continually	kontinwament
continuance	kontinwazzjoni
continuation	kontinwazzjoni
continue	tkompli
continued	kompla
continuing	tkompli
continuity	kontinwità
continuous	kontinwu
continuously	kontinwament
continuum	kontinwu
contour	kontorn
contraband	kontrabandu
contraception	kontraċezzjoni
contract	kuntratt
contracted	kuntrattat
contractile	kontrattili
contracting	kuntrattar
contraction	kontrazzjoni
contractor	kuntrattur
contradict	jikkontradixxu
contradiction	kontradizzjoni
contradictory	kontradittorju
contraption	kontrazzjoni
contrary	kuntrarju
contrast	kuntrast
contrasted	kuntrast
contravene	jiksru
contravention	kontravvenzjoni
contribute	tikkontribwixxi
contribution	kontribuzzjoni
contributor	kontributur
contrite	contrite
contrition	contrition
contrived	immanifatturat
control	kontroll
controller	kontrollur
controlling	kontroll
controversial	kontroversjali
controversy	kontroversja
contusion	konfużjoni
conundrum	konundrum
convalescent	konvalexxenti
convection	konvezzjoni
convene	imlaqqa '
convenience	konvenjenza
conveniences	Konvenjenzi
convenient	konvenjenti
convent	kunvent
convention	Konvenzjoni
conventional	konvenzjonali
converge	jikkonverġu
convergence	konverġenza
convergent	konverġenti
conversant	konxja
conversation	konverżazzjoni
conversational	conversational
conversationalist	conversationalist
converse	maqlub
conversing	conversing
conversion	konverżjoni
convert	jikkonverti
converted	konvertit
convertible	konvertibbli
convex	konvessi
convexity	konvessità
convey	twassal
conveyance	twassil
conveyancing	trasferiment tal-propjetà
convict	kundanna
conviction	kundanna
convince	tikkonvinċi
convinced	konvint
convincing	konvinċenti
convocation	konvokazzjoni
convoluted	konvolti
convolution	konvoluzzjoni
convoy	konvoj
coo	koo
cook	insajjru
cookbook	cookbook
cooker	cooker
cookery	tisjir
cookie	cookie
cookies	cookies
cooking	tisjir
cookout	cookout
cool	kessaħ
coolant	coolant
cooler	apparat li jkessaħ
cooling	tkessiħ
coolness	coolness
coon	coon
coop	coop
cooperate	jikkooperaw
cooperating	jikkooperaw
cooperation	kooperazzjoni
cooperative	kooperattiva
coordinate	tikkoordina
coordination	koordinazzjoni
coordinator	koordinatur
cop	cop
copacetic	NO TRANSLATION
cope	ilaħħqu
copier	kopjatur
copilot	kopilot
coping	tiffaċċja
copious	abbundanti
copper	ram
copter	copter
copy	kopja
copycat	copycat
copying	ikkupjar
copyright	awtur
coral	qroll
coral snake	serp tal-korall
cord	korda
cordial	kordjali
cordless	mingħajr fili
cordon	cordon
corduroy	Corduroy
core	qalba
cork	sufra
corkscrew	corkscrew
corn	qamħ
cornball	cornball
cornbread	cornbread
cornea	kornea
corned	Corned
corner	kantuniera
cornerstone	ġebla tax-xewka
cornet	cornet
cornfield	cornfield
cornflakes	NO TRANSLATION
cornice	cornice
cornstarch	lamtu tal-qamħirrun
corny	corny
corollary	korollarju
corona	corona
coronary	koronarji
coronation	koronazzjoni
coroner	koroner
corporal	korporali
corporate	korporattiva
corporation	korporazzjoni
corporeal	korporali
corps	corps
corpse	katavru
corpsman	corpsman
corpus	corpus
corral	corral
correct	korretta
correction	korrezzjoni
correctional	korrettivi
corrective	korrettivi
correctness	korrettezza
correlation	korrelazzjoni
correlative	korrelattiv
correspond	jikkorrispondi
correspondence	korrispondenza
correspondent	korrispondent
corresponding	jikkorrispondi
corridor	kuritur
corroborate	tikkorobora
corroboration	korroborazzjoni
corrosion	korrużjoni
corrosive	korrużiv
corrupt	korrotti
corrupting	korruzzjoni
corruption	korruzzjoni
corsage	qmugħ
corse	NO TRANSLATION
corset	kurpetti
cortex	kortiċi
cortical	kortikali
cortisone	cortisone
corvette	corvette
cosmetic	kosmetiċi
cosmetics	kosmetiċi
cosmic	kożmika
cosmology	Cosmology
cosmopolitan	kożmopolitana
cosmos	Cosmos
cost	spiża
costly	għalja
costume	kostum
cosy	komdu
cot	kerrikot
cote	Kotba
cottage	cottage
cotton	qoton
couch	couch
cougar	cougar
cough	sogħla
council	Kunsill
councilman	kunsillier
counsel	avukat
counseling	pariri
counsellor	konsulent
counselor	konsulent
count	għadd
countdown	countdown
countenance	wiċċ
counter	kontro
counteract	jikkontrobattu
counterattack	kontrattakk
counterbalance	kontrabilanċ
counterclaim	kontrotalba
counterfeit	iffalsifikata
counterpart	kontraparti
counterpoint	kontropunt
countess	countess
countless	għadd kbir
country	pajjiż
countryman	pajjiżu
countrymusic	NO TRANSLATION
countryside	kampanja
counts	jgħodd
county	kontea
coup	kolp ta 'stat
coupe	coupe
couple	koppja
coupled	flimkien
coupling	akkoppjar
coupon	kupun
courage	kuraġġ
courageous	kuraġġuż
courier	kurrier
courses	korsijiet
coursing	coursing
court	qorti
courteous	b'korteżija
courtesy	korteżija
courthouse	tribunal
courtroom	awla tal-qorti
courts	qrati
courtship	qrati
courtside	courtside
courtyard	bitħa
cousin	kuġin
cousins	kuġini
cove	cove
coven	coven
covenant	patt
cover	ikopru
coverage	kopertura
covered	koperti
covering	li tkopri
covert	moħbi
covet	covet
coveted	coveted
cow	baqra
coward	coward
cowardice	cowardice
cowardly	cobardly
cowboy	cowboy
cowgirl	cowgirl
cowhand	cowhand
cowhide	cowhide
cowl	cowl
coworker	coworker
coy	coy
coyote	coyote
cozy	komdu
crab	granċ
crabby	crabby
crack	xquq
cracked	maqsum
cracker	cracker
crackerjack	crackerjack
cracking	qsim
crackle	crackle
crackpot	crackpot
cradle	benniena
craft	inġenji
crafts	snajja '
craftsman	artiġjan
craftsmanship	sengħa
crafty	crafty
craig	craig
cram	cram
crammed	mimlija
cramp	bugħawwieġ
cramped	skomdi
cranberry	cranberry
cranberry juice	meraq tal-cranberry
crane	krejn
cranial	kranju
cranium	kranju
crank	krank
cranky	cranky
cranny	kranju
crap	ħażin
crappy	crappy
craps	Craps
crash	tiġrifa
crass	crass
crate	ċestun
crater	Crater
crave	crave
craving	effetti tax-xenqa
crawfish	awwisti
crawl	jitkaxkru
crayon	crayon
crayons	krejons
craze	jixxaqqaqx
crazed	crazed
craziness	craziness
crazy	crazy
creak	creak
creaking	taħlit
cream	krema
creamed	creamed
creamer	creamer
creamy	krema
crease	titkemmex
create	joħolqu
creation	ħolqien
creative	kreattiv
creativity	il-kreattività
creator	kreatur
creature	kreatura
credence	kredibilità
credential	kredenzjali
credentials	kredenzjali
credibility	kredibilità
credible	kredibbli
credit	kreditu
credit card	karta tal-kreditu
creditable	kredibbli
credited	ikkreditat
crediting	jikkredita
creditor	kreditur
creed	twemmin
creek	qala
creep	creep
creeper	creeper
creeping	creeping
creepy	creepy
cremation	kremazzjoni
creole	krejol
crepe	crepe
crescendo	crescendo
crescent	Crescent
crest	crest
crestfallen	crestfallen
cretin	cretin
cretins	cretins
crevice	xquq
crew	ekwipaġġ
crewman	ekwipaġġ
crib	crib
cricket	cricket
cried	cried
crime	kriminalità
criminal	kriminali
criminality	kriminalità
crimp	crimp
crimson	krimżi
cringe	cringe
cripple	ixxekkel
crippled	imkemmex
crippling	tfarrak
crisis	kriżi
crisp	iqarmeċ
crispy	iqarmeċ
criterion	kriterju
critic	kritiku
critical	kritiku
criticise	jikkritikaw
criticism	kritika
criticize	jikkritikaw
criticized	ikkritikat
critique	kritika
critter	critter
croak	croak
croc	croc
crock	crock
crockery	fuħħar
crocodile	kukkudrill
croft	croft
croissant	croissant
crook	crook
crooked	mgħawweġ
crop	ħsad
croquet	croquet
cross	jaqsam
cross country	pajjiż transkonfinali
crossbow	ballesta
crossed	qasmu
crossfire	crossfire
crossing	qsim
crossover	crossover
crosswalk	crosswalk
crossword	tisliba
crotch	bejn il-koxox
crouch	crouch
crouched	imqaxxar
crouching	mimdud
croupier	croupier
crow	f'linja
crowbar	barra tal-mogħdija
crowd	folla
crowded	iffullar
crowds	folol
crown	kuruna
crowning	crowning
crucial	kruċjali
cruciate	cruciate
crucifix	Kurċifiss
crucifixion	crucifixion
crucify	crucify
crud	crud
crude	mhux raffinat
cruel	krudili
cruelly	krudili
cruelty	krudeltà
cruise	cruise
cruise ship	bastiment tal-kruċiera
cruiser	cruiser
cruising	cruising
crumb	frawli
crumble	crumble
crumbling	neżlin
crummy	crummy
crunch	kriżi
crunchy	tqarmeċ
crusade	kruata
crusader	kruċjata
crush	tfarrak
crushed	imfarrak
crusher	crusher
crushing	tgħaffiġ
crust	qoxra
crusty	qxur
crutch	crutch
crux	crux
cry	cry
crybaby	crybaby
crying	biki
crypt	kripta
cryptic	cryptiku
cryptography	kriptografija
crystal	kristall
crystalline	kristallin
crystallization	kristallizzazzjoni
cub	Cub
cubby	cubby
cube	kubu
cubic	kubiku
cubicle	diviżorja
cuckold	cuckold
cuckoo	cuckoo
cucumber	ħjara
cuddle	cuddle
cuddled	imnaddfa
cuddles	cuddles
cuddling	imqass
cue	cue
cuff	cuff
cuisine	kċina
culinary	kulinari
cull	qatla
culminate	il-qofol
culmination	il-qofol
culpability	Kustilja
culpable	guilt
culprit	ħati
cult	kult
cultivate	jikkultivaw
cultivated	ikkultivati
cultivation	kultivazzjoni
cultural	kulturali
culture	kultura
cultured	ikkultivata
culvert	kanal
cumbersome	ineffiċjenti
cumulus	cumulus
cunning	cunning
cunt	cunt
cup	tazza
cupboard	armadju
cupcake	cupcake
cupping	tqattigħ
cur	kur
curable	kurabbli
curate	curate
curative	kurattivi
curator	kuratur
curb	jitrażżnu
curd	baqta
cure	kura
curfew	curfew
curiosity	kurżità
curious	kurjuż
curl	curl
curling	ħdejjed
currency	munita
current	kurrenti
curriculum	kurrikulu
curry	curry
curse	curse
cursed	misħuta
cursing	misħuta
cursory	sommarju
curt	curt
curtail	inaqqas
curtailment	tnaqqis
curtain	purtiera
curtains	purtieri
curtsy	curtsy
curvature	kurvatura
curve	kurva
curved	mgħawweġ
curvilinear	kurvilinear
cushion	kuxxin
cushy	cushy
cusp	spun
cuss	cuss
cussed	cussed
custard	ċawsli
custodial	kustodja
custodian	kustodju
custody	kustodja
custom	użanza
customary	soltu
customer	klijent
customized	Personalizzata
cut	maqtugħ
cutaneous	fil-ġilda
cute	ħelu
cuticle	rita
cutie	cutie
cutlass	cutlass
cutlery	pożati
cutoff	Aqta 'barra
cutter	cutter
cutters	cutters
cutthroat	cutthroat
cutting	qtugħ
cutting board	bord tat-tqattigħ
cuttings	qatgħat
cwt	cwt
cyanide	cyanide
cyberspace	cyberspace
cycle	ċiklu
cyclical	ċikliku
cyclist	ċiklista
cyclone	ċiklun
cylinder	ċilindru
cylindrical	ċilindriku
cymbal	cymbal
cynic	cynic
cynical	ċinika
cynicism	ċiniżmu
cyst	ċisti
cystic	ċistika
cytomegalovirus	citomegalovirus
cytoplasm	citoplasma
czar	czar
dab	dab
dabble	dabble
dabbling	dabbling
dad	dad
daddy	Daddy
dado	NO TRANSLATION
daemon	Daemon
daft	daft
dagger	dagger
daily	kuljum
dainty	dainty
daiquiri	daiquiri
dairy	ħalib
daisy	Daisy
dak	NO TRANSLATION
dale	dale
dam	diga
damage	ħsara
damaged	ħsara
damages	danni
dame	dame
damn	kkritikat
damnation	dannu
damned	kkritikat
damp	niedja
dampened	naqqas
damper	umidifikatur
damsel	Damiel
dance	żfin
dancer	żeffien
dancing	żfin
dandruff	brija
dandy	dandy
danger	periklu
dangerous	perikolużi
dangerously	b'mod perikoluż
dangit	NO TRANSLATION
dangle	dangle
dank	NO TRANSLATION
dapper	dapper
dare	dare
daredevil	daredevil
daresay	daresay
daring	daring
dark	skur
darken	jiskuraw
darkened	mdardra
darkly	b'mod skur
darkness	dlam
darkroom	kamra mudlama
darkside	darkside
darling	ħanini
darn	darn
dart	dart
dash	sing
dashboard	tabella
dashed	marret
dashing	dashing
dastardly	dastardly
data	data
database	database
date	data
datenight	NO TRANSLATION
daughter	bint
dawdle	dawdle
dawn	dawn
dawned	dawned
day	jum
daybreak	twal filgħodu
daycare	daycare
daydream	daydream
daydreaming	daydreaming
daylight	dawl tax-xemx
daymade	NO TRANSLATION
dayoff	NO TRANSLATION
daytime	bi nhar
daze	daze
dazed	dazed
dazzle	tgħammix
dazzling	tgħammix
deacon	dijac
deactivate	deattivat
dead	mejta
deadbeat	deadbeat
deadline	skadenza
deadlines	skadenzi
deadlock	imblukkar
deadly	fatali
deaf	torox
deafening	deafening
deafness	truxija
deal	jittratta
dealer	negozjant
dealership	konċessjoni
dealing	jittrattaw
dealings	trattamenti
dean	degan
dear	għeżież
dearest	għeżież
dearth	dearth
death	mewt
deathbed	deathbed
deathly	deathly
debacle	debacle
debased	dgħajfa
debatable	diskutibbli
debate	dibattitu
debauchery	żebgħa
debenture	obbligazzjoni
debilitating	debilitanti
debit	debitu
debrief	debrief
debriefing	informazzjoni ta 'riflessjoni
debris	debris
debt	dejn
debtor	debitur
debut	debutt
debutante	debutante
decade	għaxar snin
decadence	decadenza
decadent	decadent
decaf	decaf
decanter	decanter
decathlon	decathlon
decay	tħassir
decayed	imħassra
decaying	tħassir
deceased	mejjet
decedent	decedent
deceit	qerq
deceitful	qarrieqa
deceive	tqarraq
deceived	mqarrqa
deceiving	tqarraq
december	Diċembru
decency	decency
decent	deċenti
deception	qerq
deceptive	qarrieqa
decide	tiddeċiedi
decidedly	deċiżament
deciduous	jwaqqgħu l-weraq
decimal	deċimali
decimeter	decimeter
decipher	jiddeċifraw
decision	deċiżjoni
decisive	deċiżiv
deck	gverta
declaration	dikjarazzjoni
declaratory	dikjaratorju
declare	niddikjara
declination	tnaqqis
decline	tnaqqis
declining	jonqos
deco	deco
decode	decode
decoder	decoder
decompose	jiddikomponu
decomposed	dekompost
decomposition	dekompożizzjoni
decompress	dekompress
decompression	dekompressjoni
decontamination	dekontaminazzjoni
decor	dekorazzjoni
decorate	dekorazzjoni
decorating	dekorazzjoni
decoration	dekorazzjoni
decorative	dekorattivi
decorator	dekoratur
decorum	dekorazzjoni
decoy	decoy
decrease	tnaqqis
decreased	naqas
decreasing	jonqos
decree	digriet
decrement	tnaqqis
decrepit	decrepit
decry	digry
decryption	decryption
dedicate	jiddedikaw
dedication	dedikazzjoni
deduce	deduce
deduct	tnaqqas
deductible	deduċibbli
deduction	tnaqqis
deed	att
deejay	deejay
deem	iqisuh
deep	fil-fond
deepen	napprofondixxu
deer	ċriev
defamation	malafama
defamatory	difamatorju
default	default
defeat	telfa
defeated	defeated
defeatist	defeatist
defect	difett
defection	defection
defective	difettuż
defector	difettur
defend	tiddefendi
defendant	konvenut
defended	difiża
defender	difensur
defending	tiddefendi
defense	difiża
defenseless	bla difiża
defensible	difensibbli
defensive	difensiv
defer	tiddifferixxi
deference	deference
deferral	differiment
deferring	tiddiferixxi
defiance	difiża
defiant	defiant
defibrillator	defibrillatatur
deficiency	defiċjenza
deficient	defiċjenti
deficit	defiċit
define	tiddefinixxi
defined	definit
definite	definita
definition	definizzjoni
definitive	definittiv
deflate	deflate
deflation	deflazzjoni
deflect	tiddevja
deflection	diflessjoni
defloration	deflazzjoni
deform	deform
deformed	deformat
deformity	deformità
defraud	frodi
defray	tħallas
defrost	silġ
deft	dift
defunct	skaduti
defuse	nieqsa
defy	jisfidaw
degeneracy	deġenerazzjoni
degenerate	deġenerazzjoni
degeneration	deġenerazzjoni
degradation	degradazzjoni
degrade	tiddegrada
degraded	degradat
degrading	degradanti
degree	grad
dehydrated	deidrat
dehydration	deidrazzjoni
dejected	dejected
delay	dewmien
delayed	ittardjata
delectable	delectable
delegate	tiddelega
delegation	delegazzjoni
delete	ħassar
deleterious	deleterjuż
deletion	tħassir
deli	deli
deliberate	deliberata
deliberation	deliberazzjoni
deliberative	deliberattiva
delicacy	Ħelwa
delicate	delikat
delicatessen	Delikatessen
delicious	Delicious
delight	pjaċir
delighted	delighted
delightful	delightful
delineate	delinja
delineation	delineazzjoni
delinquency	delinkwenza
delinquent	delinkwenti
delirious	delirious
delirium	delirju
deliver	twassal
deliverance	twassil
delivery	kunsinna
dell	dell
delta	delta
delude	delude
deluge	deluge
delusion	delużjoni
delusional	delużjonali
deluxe	deluxe
delve	delve
demand	domanda
demanding	eżiġenti
demeaned	demeaned
demeaning	tgħawwiġ
demeanor	demeanor
demented	demented
dementia	dimenzja
demise	mewt
demo	demo
democracy	demokrazija
democrat	demokratiku
democratic	demokratiku
demographic	demografiku
demolish	jitwaqqa '
demolished	imwaqqa '
demolition	demolizzjoni
demon	demon
demonic	demonic
demonstrable	li jista 'jintwera
demonstrate	juru
demonstrated	murija
demonstrating	li turi
demonstration	dimostrazzjoni
demonstrative	dimostrattiv
demonstrator	dimostratur
demoralized	demoralizzat
demos	demos
demure	demure
den	NO TRANSLATION
deniability	negattività
denial	ċaħda
denied	miċħuda
denim	denim
denomination	denominazzjoni
denominational	denominazzjonali
denominator	denominatur
denote	indika
denounce	tiddenunzja
dense	dens
density	densità
dent	dent
dental	dentali
dentist	dentist
dentistry	dentistrija
dentists	dentisti
denunciation	denunzja
deny	tiċħad
denying	tiċħad
deodorant	deodorant
depart	jitilqu
departed	telaq
department	dipartiment
departmental	dipartimentali
departure	tluq
depend	jiddependu
dependable	affidabbli
dependant	dipendenti
dependence	dipendenza
dependency	dipendenza
dependent	dipendenti
depict	murija
depicting	li juru
depletion	tnaqqis
deplorable	deplorevoli
deplore	jiddeplora
deploy	tiskjera
deployment	iskjerament
deport	deport
deportation	deportazzjoni
depose	tiċħad
deposit	depożitu
depositary	depożitarju
deposition	depożizzjoni
depository	depożitarju
depot	depot
depraved	depravat
depravity	depravity
depreciate	deprezzat
depreciated	deprezzat
depreciation	deprezzament
depress	agħar
depressed	depress
depressing	deprimenti
depression	depressjoni
depressive	dipressiv
depresson	NO TRANSLATION
deprivation	ċaħda
deprive	iċċaħħad
deprived	imċaħħda
depth	fond
deputy	deputat
derail	derail
deranged	deranged
derelict	skaduti
derision	derision
derivation	derivazzjoni
derivative	derivattiv
derive	joħorġu
dermal	dermali
dermatologist	Dermatologist
dermatology	dermatoloġija
derogation	deroga
derogatory	derogatorja
descend	jinżlu
descendant	dixxendent
descendent	NO TRANSLATION
descending	dixxendenti
descent	dixxendenza
describe	iddeskrivi
description	deskrizzjoni
descriptive	deskrittiv
desecrate	desecrate
desecration	drawwiet ta 'drawwiet
desert	deżert
deserted	abbandunat
deserter	deserter
desertion	diżerzjoni
deserve	jistħoqqilhom
deserved	ħaqqhom
deserving	jistħoqqilhom
design	disinn
designate	innomina
designated	innominat
designation	denominazzjoni
designed	ddisinjat
designer	disinjatur
designing	tfassil
desirability	xewqa
desirable	mixtieq
desire	xewqa
desiring	xewqana
desirous	xewqana
desist	tieqaf
desk	desk
desolate	desolate
desolation	desolation
despair	disprament
despairing	diżattivazzjoni
despatch	dispaċċ
desperado	desperado
desperate	ddisprata
desperation	desperation
despicable	pjaċevoli
despise	mintix
despondent	despondent
despotic	dispotic
despotism	despotiżmu
dessert	deżerta
destination	destinazzjoni
destined	destinat
destiny	destin
destitute	fqar
destroy	jeqirdu
destroyed	meqruda
destroyer	destroyer
destroying	qerda
destruct	destruct
destruction	qerda
destructive	distruttivi
detach	detach
detached	jinqalgħu
detachment	distakkament
detail	dettall
detailed	dettaljat
details	dettalji
detain	detenzjoni
detainee	detenut
detect	jiskopru
detectable	li tista 'titkejjel
detection	sejbien
detective	ditektif
detector	ditekter
detention	detenzjoni
deter	jiskoraġġixxu
detergent	deterġent
deteriorate	tiddeterjora
deteriorated	iddeterjorat
deteriorating	tiddeterjora
deterioration	deterjorament
determinable	determinabbli
determinate	determinat
determination	determinazzjoni
determine	tiddetermina
determined	determinat
deterrent	deterrent
detest	detest
detestation	detestazzjoni
detonate	detonazzjoni
detonation	detonazzjoni
detonator	detonatur
detour	dawra
detract	tnaqqas
detriment	detriment
detrimental	detrimentali
detritus	detritus
deuce	deuce
deutschmark	deutschmark
devalued	żvalutat
devastate	devastate
devastated	meqruda
devastating	devastanti
devastation	devastazzjoni
develop	jiżviluppaw
developer	iżviluppatur
developing	l-iżvilupp
development	żvilupp
deviant	deviant
deviate	tiddevja
deviating	jiddevja
deviation	devjazzjoni
device	apparat
devil	devil
deviled	deviled
devilish	devilish
devious	devious
devise	tfassal
devoid	nieqsa
devolution	devoluzzjoni
devolve	jiddevolvi
devote	jiddedikaw
devoted	iddedikat
devotee	devotee
devotion	devozzjoni
devotional	devotional
devour	devour
devout	devout
dew	nida
dexter	dexter
dexterity	destrezza
dextrose	dextrose
diabetes	dijabete
diabetic	dijabetiku
diabolical	diaboliku
diagnose	djanjosi
diagnosis	dijanjosi
diagnostic	dijanjostiku
diagnostics	dijanjostika
diagonal	dijagonali
diagram	dijagramma
dial	dial
dialect	djalett
dialectic	djalettika
dialogue	djalogu
dialysis	dijalisi
diameter	dijametru
diamond	djamant
diamonds	djamanti
diaper	ħrieqi
diaphragm	dijaframma
diarrhea	dijarea
diarrhoea	dijarea
diary	djarju
diatribe	diatribe
dib	NO TRANSLATION
dibs	Dbs
dice	dadi
dicey	dahar
dichotomous	dikotomu
dichotomy	dikotomija
dick	Dick
dickhead	dickhead
dicks	dicks
dictate	jiddettaw
dictation	dettatura
dictator	dittatur
dictatorial	dittatorjali
dictatorship	dittatorjat
diction	dizzjunarju
dictionary	Dizzjunarju
dictum	NO TRANSLATION
didactic	didattiku
diddle	diddle
die	NO TRANSLATION
died	miet
diesel	diżil
diet	dieta
dietary	dieta
differ	huma differenti
difference	differenza
differences	differenzi
different	differenti
differential	differenzjali
differentiation	differenzazzjoni
differently	b'mod differenti
differing	differenti
difficult	diffiċli
difficulties	diffikultajiet
difficulty	diffikultà
diffuse	diffuż
diffusion	diffużjoni
dig	NO TRANSLATION
digest	jiddiġerixxu
digestion	diġestjoni
digestive	diġestiva
digit	ċifra
digital	diġitali
dignified	dinjituż
dignify	dinjituż
dignity	id-dinjità
digress	digress
digs	NO TRANSLATION
dike	diku
dilapidated	mwiegħra
dilatation	dilatazzjoni
dilation	dilazzjoni
dildo	dildo
dilemma	dilemma
diligence	diliġenza
diligent	diliġenti
dill	xibt
diluent	dilwent
dilute	iddilwa
diluted	dilwit
dilution	dilwizzjoni
dim	dim
dime	dime
dimension	dimensjoni
dimensional	dimensjonali
diminish	naqqas
diminished	naqas
diminution	tnaqqis
diminutive	diminuttiv
dimwit	dimwit
din	NO TRANSLATION
dine	dine
diner	diner
dinghy	dinghy
dingo	Dingo
dingy	dingy
dining	dining
dinky	dinky
dinner	pranzu
dinnertime	ħin l-ikel
dinosaur	dinosawru
dint	dint
diocesan	Djoċesan
diocese	Djoċesi
diorama	diorama
dioxide	dijossidu
dip	dip
diploma	diploma
diplomacy	diplomazija
diplomat	diplomatiku
diplomatic	diplomatiku
dipper	Dekper
dippy	dippy
dipstick	dipstick
dire	NO TRANSLATION
direct	diretta
directed	diretti
direction	direzzjoni
directive	direttiva
directly	direttament
director	direttur
directory	direttorju
dirt	ħmieġ
dirty	maħmuġin
disability	diżabilità
disable	inkonvenjenti
disabled	b'diżabilità
disadvantage	żvantaġġ
disaffected	mhux affettwat
disagree	ma jaqblux
disagreeable	ma taqbilx
disagreeing	ma taqbilx
disagreement	nuqqas ta 'qbil
disallow	ma tippermettix
disallowed	mhux permess
disapointment	NO TRANSLATION
disappear	jisparixxu
disappearance	għajbien
disappearing	jisparixxu
disappoint	jiddiżappunta
disappointed	diżappuntat
disappointing	diżappuntanti
disappointment	diżappunt
disapproval	diżapprovazzjoni
disapprove	ma japprovax
disapproved	diżapprovat
disapproving	diżapprovazzjoni
disarm	diżarm
disarray	diżordinat
disaster	diżastru
disastrous	diżastruż
disband	disband
disbelief	disbelief
disbelieve	disbelieve
disburse	jinħareġ
disbursement	żburżar
disc	diska
discard	armih
discarded	skartat
discards	rimi lura
discern	jagħrfu
discernible	jintgħarfu
discerning	għaqlin
discernment	dixxerniment
discharge	kwittanza
disciple	dixxiplu
disciplinary	dixxiplinari
discipline	dixxiplina
disciplined	dixxiplinati
disclaim	ċaħda
disclaimer	rinunzja
disclose	tiżvela
disclosed	żvelat
disclosure	żvelar
disco	disco
discoloration	kulur tal-kulur
discolored	kulurit
discomfort	skumdità
disconcerted	konfuż
disconcerting	konfużjoni
disconnect	skonnettja
disconnected	skonnettjat
disconnection	skonnessjoni
disconnects	skonnettja
discontent	skuntentizza
discontinuance	waqfien
discontinue	waqqaf
discontinuity	nuqqas ta 'kontinwità
discontinuous	mhux kontinwu
discord	inkwiet
discount	skont
discounted	skontat
discourage	jiskoraġġixxu
discouraged	skoraġġut
discouragement	skoraġġiment
discouraging	jiskoraġġixxu
discourse	diskors
discover	skopri
discovery	iskoperta
discredit	jiskredita
discredited	skreditat
discreet	NO TRANSLATION
discrepancy	diskrepanza
discrete	diskreta
discretion	diskrezzjoni
discretionary	diskrezzjonali
discriminate	tiddiskrimina
discriminating	diskriminatorju
discrimination	diskriminazzjoni
discus	diska
discuss	jiddiskutu
discussion	diskussjoni
disdain	disdain
disdainful	b'dispjaċir
disease	marda
diseased	morda
disembodied	diżokkupat
disengage	tinħall
disengagement	diżimpenn
disfigured	disfigured
disgrace	disgrace
disgraced	diżgrazzjat
disgraceful	diżgustanti
disgruntled	diżappuntat
disguise	moħbija
disguised	moħbija
disgust	disgust
disgusted	disgusted
disgusting	disgusting
dish	dixx
disheartened	diżheartened
disheartening	disheartening
dishonest	diżonest
dishonesty	diżonestà
dishonor	diżonor
dishonorable	diżonanti
dishwasher	magna tal-ħasil tal-platti
disillusionment	diżillużjoni
disinclination	inklinazzjoni
disincline	jiddiżinklinaw
disinclined	disinclined
disinfect	diżinfettat
disinfectant	diżinfettant
disinfection	diżinfettar
disinformation	diżinformazzjoni
disingenuous	diżinfettanti
disintegrate	jiddiżintegraw
disintegration	diżintegrazzjoni
disinterested	diżinteressat
disjoint	disjoint
disjointed	mhux maqlugħa
disjunctive	diŜattiv
disk	disk
diskette	diskette
dislike	dislike
disliked	ma kellhiex
disliking	disliking
dislocated	dislokat
dislocation	dislokazzjoni
dislodge	jiddevja
disloyal	dwejjaq
disloyalty	disloyalty
dismal	diżastruż
dismantle	żarmar
dismay	jiddispjaċih
dismayed	imdejjaq
dismemberment	diżmembrament
dismiss	tiċħad
dismissal	tkeċċija
dismissive	dismissive
dismount	żmunt
disobedience	diżubbidjenza
disobedient	diżubbidjenti
disobey	disobey
disorder	disturb
disordered	diżordnat
disorderly	diżordnat
disorganized	diżorganizzata
disorientation	diżorjentament
disoriented	diżorjentati
disown	disown
disparage	nieqes
disparaging	tiddevja
disparate	differenti
disparity	differenza
dispassionate	dispassjoni
dispatch	dispaċċ
dispatcher	dispaċċatur
dispel	tneħħi
dispensary	spiżerija
dispensation	dispensa
dispense	dispensa
dispenser	dispenser
dispersal	tixrid
disperse	jinfirex
dispersed	imxerred
dispersion	dispersjoni
dispirited	dispirited
displace	jċaqlaq
displaced	spostati
displacement	spostament
displacency	spostament
display	wiri
displease	displease
displeased	displeased
displeasure	displeasure
disposable	jintremew
disposal	rimi
dispose	tiddisponi
disposed	jintrema
disposition	disposizzjoni
dispossessed	jintrema
disprove	tiċħad
dispute	tilwima
disqualification	skwalifika
disqualified	skwalifikat
disqualify	jiskwalifika
disquieted	inkwetat
disregard	injorar
disregarded	injorat
disrelish	disrelish
disreputable	irrekuperabbli
disrepute	jirreaġixxu
disrespect	nuqqas ta 'rispett
disrespectful	irrispettat
disrupt	jfixklu
disrupting	tfixkil
disruption	tfixkil
disruptive	ta 'sfrattu
dissatisfaction	nuqqas ta 'sodisfazzjon
dissatisfied	mhux sodisfatt
dissect	dissect
dissection	dissezzjoni
disseminate	ixandru
dissemination	tixrid
dissension	dissens
dissent	nuqqas ta 'qbil
dissenting	nuqqas ta 'qbil
dissertation	dissertazzjoni
disservice	disservice
dissident	dissident
dissimilar	mhux simili
dissipate	tinħela
dissipated	jinħall
dissociation	dissoċjazzjoni
dissociative	dissoċjattiv
dissolution	xoljiment
dissolve	dewweb
dissonance	dissonanza
dissuade	dissważjoni
distal	distal
distance	distanza
distant	bogħod
distaste	distaste
distasteful	distasteful
distillate	distillat
distillation	distillazzjoni
distilled	distillat
distinct	distinti
distinction	distinzjoni
distinctive	distintiv
distinguish	tiddistingwi
distinguishable	distingwibbli
distinguished	distinti
distinguishing	tiddistingwi
distort	tgħawweġ
distorted	mgħawġa
distortion	distorsjoni
distract	tfixkilhom
distracted	distratt
distracting	jfixkluh
distraction	distrazzjoni
distraught	distraught
distress	inkwiet
distressed	f'diffikultà
distressing	dwejjaq
distribute	tqassam
distribution	distribuzzjoni
distributor	distributur
district	distrett
distrust	nuqqas ta 'fiduċja
disturb	jiddisturbaw
disturbance	disturb
disturbed	disturbat
disturbing	inkwetanti
disuse	diżuse
disused	mhux użata
ditch	foss
ditto	ditto
ditty	ditty
diurnal	filgħodu
diva	Diva
divan	NO TRANSLATION
dive	adsa
diver	diversità
diverge	diverġenti
divergence	diverġenza
divergent	diverġenti
diverging	diverġenti
divers	bugħaddasa
diverse	diversa
diversified	diversifikat
diversify	diversifikazzjoni
diversion	devjazzjoni
diversionary	diversionary
diversity	id-diversità
divert	jiddevjax
diverting	tidwir
divest	tneħħi
divested	ċedut
divestment	ċessjoni
divide	taqsam
divided	maqsum
dividend	dividend
divination	divination
divine	divina
divinity	divinity
divisible	diviżibbli
division	diviżjoni
divisor	divisor
divorce	divorzju
divorcee	divorzju
divulge	tiżvela
divvy	divvy
dizziness	sturdament
dizzy	sturdut
do	do
doable	doable
doc	dok
docile	docile
dock	baċir
docked	docked
docket	docket
docking	docking
doctor	tabib
doctorate	dottorat
doctrinal	dottrinali
doctrine	duttrina
document	dokument
documentary	dokumentarju
documentation	dokumentazzjoni
documents	dokumenti
dodge	Dodge
dodger	dodger
dodging	dodging
dodgy	dodgy
dodo	dodo
doe	doe
doer	doer
dog	kelb
dogface	dwejjaq
dogged	bil-kelma
doggy	kelb
doghouse	doghouse
dogma	dogma
dogmatic	dogmatiċi
dogsick	NO TRANSLATION
doings	doings
doit	NO TRANSLATION
dojo	dojo
doldrums	doldrums
dole	dole
doll	pupi
dollar	dollaru
dollhouse	dollhouse
dolor	NO TRANSLATION
dolphin	delfini
domain	dominju
dome	koppla
domestic	domestiku
domesticated	domestikat
domestication	domestikazzjoni
domicile	domiċilju
domiciled	domiċiljat
dominance	dominanza
dominant	dominanti
dominate	jiddominaw
dominating	jiddomina
domination	dominazzjoni
dominatrix	dominatrix
dominion	dominion
domino	domino
don	don
donate	jiddonaw
donation	donazzjoni
donkey	donkey
donor	donatur
dontlikeyou	NO TRANSLATION
dontmess	NO TRANSLATION
dontmesswithme	dontmesswithme
dontpanic	dontpaniku
dontunderstand	NO TRANSLATION
doodle	doodle
doom	doom
doomed	ddestinat
doomsday	Doomsday
door	bieb
doorbell	doorbell
doorknob	doorknob
doorman	doorman
doormat	doormat
doornail	bibien
doorstep	tarġa tal-bieb
doorway	bieb
dopamine	dopamine
dope	dope
dopey	dopey
dork	dork
dorky	dorky
dorm	dorm
dormant	rieqda
dormitory	dormitory
dorsal	dorsali
dosage	dożaġġ
dose	doża
dossier	dossier
dot	dot
doting	doting
dotted	bit-tikek
dotty	dotty
double	doppju
doubled	irdoppja
doublet	doublet
doubling	irduppjar
doubt	dubju
doubtful	dubjuż
doubting	dubjuż
doubtless	bla dubju
doubts	dubji
douche	douche
douchebags	douchebags
dough	għaġina
doughboy	doughboy
doughnut	donut
dour	dour
douse	douse
dove	dove
down	'l isfel
downcast	downcast
downer	downer
downfall	downfall
downfield	downfield
downhearted	b'lura
downhill	għan-niżla
download	niżżel
downpour	downpour
downright	sewwa
downriver	downriver
downside	in-nuqqas
downtime	perijodi ta 'waqfien
downward	'l isfel
downy	downy
dowry	dota
doze	doze
dozen	tużżana
drab	drab
draft	abbozz
drafty	drafty
drag	drag
dragon	Dragun
dragonfly	Dragonfly
drain	drain
drainage	drenaġġ
drained	ixxotta
draining	tbattal
drainpipe	drainpipe
drake	Drake
drama	drama
dramaqueen	NO TRANSLATION
dramatic	drammatiku
drape	drape
drapery	drapery
drastic	drastiku
drat	NO TRANSLATION
draught	abbozz
draw	tiġbed
drawback	ħlas lura
drawbridge	drawbridge
drawer	kexxun
drawers	kxaxen
drawing	tpinġija
dread	dread
dreaded	dreaded
dreadful	koroh
dreadfully	dreadfully
dreading	dreading
dream	ħolma
dreamboat	dreamboat
dreamer	dreamer
dreaming	ħolm
dreamland	dreamland
dreams	ħolm
dreamt	ħolmu
dreamy	ħolm
dreary	dreary
dredge	drag
drenched	drenched
dress	libsa
dresser	dresser
dressmaker	ilbiesatur
dressy	dressy
dribble	NO TRANSLATION
dried	imnixxef
drier	drier
drift	drift
drifted	imxerrda
drifter	drifter
driftwood	driftwood
drill	drill
drink	xorb
drinker	jixorbu
drinking	xorb
drinks	xorb
drip	dripp
dripping	taqtir
drive	issuq
drivel	drivel
driver	sewwieq
driveway	awtostrada
drizzle	drizzle
droll	droll
drone	drone
drones	drones
drool	drool
drooping	tbaxxija
droopy	droopy
drop	qatra
droplet	qtar
dropout	jitilqu
dropper	qtar
drought	nixfa
drove	NO TRANSLATION
drown	drown
drowsiness	ngħas
drowsy	ħedxien
drudgery	drudgery
drug	droga
drug dealing	trattament tad-droga
drugged	drogati
druggist	druggist
drugs	drogi
drugstore	drugstore
druid	druid
drum	tanbur
drummer	drummer
drumming	drumming
drunk	fis-sakra
drunk driving	sewqan fis-sakra
drunkard	drunkard
drunken	drunken
drunkenness	tfixkil
dry	niexef
dryer	dryer
dryness	nixfa
dual	doppju
dualism	dualismu
duality	duwalità
dub	dub
dubious	dubjuż
duchess	Dukessa
duck	papra
ducking	ducking
duckling	duckling
ducky	ducky
duct	kanal
ductile	ductile
dud	dud
dude	raġel
duds	duds
due	dovut
duel	duel
dues	drittijiet
duet	duet
duffel	duffel
dugout	dugout
duh	duh
duke	duke
dull	matt
dullard	dullard
dumb	mutu
dumbasses	dumbasses
dumbbell	dumbbell
dumbbitch	NO TRANSLATION
dumfound	dumfound
dumfounder	NO TRANSLATION
dummy	manikin
dump	dump
dumpling	dumpling
dumps	miżbliet
dumpster	żibeġ
dun	dun
dunce	dunce
dune	duni
dung	NO TRANSLATION
dungeon	Dungeon
dunk	dunk
duo	duo
dupe	dupe
duplex	duplex
duplicate	duplikat
duplication	duplikazzjoni
duplicity	duplikazzjoni
durability	durabilità
durable	durabbli
duration	tul ta 'żmien
duress	għebet
dusk	dusk
dusky	dusky
dust	trab
duster	duster
dustpan	dustpan
dusty	trab
dutiful	dwejjaq
duty	dazju
dwarf	dwarf
dwarfed	imdejqa
dweeb	dweeb
dwell	nitkellem
dweller	dweller
dwelling	abitazzjoni
dye	żebgħa
dying	tmut
dyke	dyke
dynamic	dinamiku
dynamical	dinamiku
dynamics	dinamika
dynamite	dinamite
dynamo	spirazzjoni
dynasty	dinastija
dysentery	disenteria
dysfunction	nuqqas ta 'funzjonament
dysfunctional	ma jiffunzjonax
dyspepsia	dispepsja
eager	ħerqan
eagerness	ħeġġa
eagle	ajkla
ear	widna
earful	widnejn
earl	earl
earlier	qabel
early	kmieni
earn	jaqilgħu
earnest	bla heda
earnestly	bil-qalb
earnestness	sodezza
earnings	qligħ
earpiece	earpiece
earring	widnejn
earrings	imsielet
earshot	Earshot
earth	art
earthenware	Oġġetti tal-fuħħar
earthling	earthling
earthly	earthly
earthquake	terrimot
earthy	earthy
ease	faċilità
easel	easel
easement	servitù
easily	faċilment
east	Lvant
eastbound	lejn il-Lvant
eastern	Lvant
easy	faċli
easygoing	faċli
eat	jieklu
eater	eater
eating	tiekol
eatingdisorders	NO TRANSLATION
eavesdrop	Eavesdrop
eavesdropping	tiswijiet tal-għajnejn
ebb	ebb
ebony	Ebony
ebullient	exuberanti
eccentric	eċċentrika
eccentricity	eccentricity
ecclesiastical	ekkleżjastiċi
echelon	Echelon
echinacea	echinacea
echo	eku
eclectic	eclectic
eclipse	eklissi
ecliptic	ecliptic
ecological	ekoloġiku
economic	ekonomiku
economical	ekonomiku
economics	ekonomija
economy	ekonomija
ecosystem	ekosistema
ecstasy	ekstasi
ecstatic	ecstatic
ecumenical	ekumeniku
eddy	eddy
edema	edema
edge	tarf
edging	borduri
edgy	edgy
edible	li jittiekel
edict	editt
edification	edifikazzjoni
edifice	edifizju
edit	editja
editing	editjar
edition	edizzjoni
editor	editur
editorial	editorjali
educate	jedukaw
educated	edukati
education	edukazzjoni
educational	edukattivi
educator	edukatur
eeeek	NO TRANSLATION
eeek	NO TRANSLATION
eek	eek
eel	sallura
eerie	eerie
effect	effett
effective	effettiv
effectiveness	effettività
effects	l-effetti
effectual	effettiv
effectually	effettiv
effectuate	effettwat
effeminate	effeminate
efficacious	effikaċi
efficacy	effikaċja
efficiency	effiċjenza
efficient	effiċjenti
effigy	effiġija
effort	sforz
effortless	mingħajr sforz
effusion	effużjoni
effyou	NO TRANSLATION
egg	bajda
egghead	Egghead
eggnog	eggnog
eggplant	brunġiela
eggshell	qoxra tal-bajd
ego	ego
egomaniac	egomaniac
egotistical	egotistiku
egregious	mhux evidenti
egress	Eżerċizzju
eight	tmienja
eighteen	tmintax
eighth	tmien
eighty	tmenin
ejaculate	ejakulati
ejaculation	eġakulazzjoni
eject	spjega
ejection	Ejection
elaborate	telabora
elaboration	elaborazzjoni
elan	NO TRANSLATION
elapse	jgħaddi
elapsed	għadda
elastic	elastiku
elasticity	elastiċità
elated	elated
elation	elation
elbow	minkeb
eld	eld
elder	anzjani
elderly	anzjani
elders	anzjani
eldest	l-aktar anzjani
elect	eletti
election	elezzjoni
elective	elettiva
elector	elettur
electoral	elettorali
electorate	elettorat
electric	elettriku
electric slide	slide elettriku
electrical	elettriku
electrician	elettriċista
electricity	elettriku
electrify	electrify
electrocute	electrocute
electrocution	elettrokuzzjoni
electromagnetic	elettromanjetiku
electron	elettron
electronic	elettroniku
electronics	l-elettronika
elegance	eleganti
elegant	eleganti
element	element
elemental	elementali
elementary	elementari
elements	elementi
elephant	iljunfant
elevate	televa
elevated	elevati
elevation	elevazzjoni
elevator	lift
eleven	ħdax
eleventh	ħdax
elf	elf
elicit	ħeġġeġ
eligible	eliġibbli
eliminate	telimina
elimination	eliminazzjoni
elite	elite
elitist	elitist
elixir	elixir
elk	elk
ell	el
ellipse	ellissi
ellipsis	ellissi
ellipsoid	ellipsojd
elliptic	ellitiku
elliptical	ellittika
elm	elm
elongate	elongate
elongation	it-titwil
elope	elope
eloquence	elokwenza
eloquent	elokwenti
elucidate	eluċidate
elucidation	eluċidazzjoni
elude	elude
elusive	elużiva
emaciated	emaciated
email	email
emanate	joħorġu
emancipation	emanipazzjoni
embankment	moll
embargo	NO TRANSLATION
embark	jimbarkaw
embarrass	imbarazzanti
embarrassed	imbarazzat
embarrassing	imbarazzanti
embarrassment	imbarazzat
embassy	ambaxxata
embattled	imdawwar
embed	inkorporat
embellish	embellish
embellishment	tisbiħ
embers	Embers
embezzlement	serq
embezzler	embezzler
emblem	emblema
emblematic	emblematiku
embodiment	inkarnazzjoni
embolism	emboliżmu
embossed	imqabbża
embrace	tħaddan
embroidered	irrakkmati
embroidery	rakkmu
embroiled	imdaħħla
embryo	embriju
embryonic	embrijoniku
emcee	emcee
emerald	Emerald
emerge	joħorġu
emergence	emerġenza
emergency	emerġenza
emeritus	emeritus
emery	żmerill
emetophobia	emetofobija
emigrate	emigraw
emigration	emigrazzjoni
eminence	eminenza
eminent	eminenti
eminently	eminentement
emir	NO TRANSLATION
emissary	emissarju
emission	emissjoni
emit	emit
emo	emo
emotion	emozzjoni
emotional	emozzjonali
emotive	emottiva
empathic	empathic
empathize	empathize
empathy	empatija
emperor	imperatur
emphasis	enfasi
emphasize	jenfasizzaw
emphatic	enfatiku
emphysema	enfisema
empire	imperu
empirical	empirika
empiricism	empiricism
employ	timpjega
employee	impjegat
employer	min iħaddem
employment	impjieg
emporium	emporium
empower	tingħata s-setgħa
empress	Empress
emptiness	vojt
emption	emption
empty	vojta
emu	Emu
emulate	emulazzjoni
emulsion	emulsjoni
enable	jippermettu
enablement	attivazzjoni
enact	jippromulgaw
enactment	promulgazzjoni
enamel	enamel
encampment	kampnar
enchant	enchant
enchanted	enchanted
enchanting	enchanting
enchantment	enchantment
enchantress	enchantress
enchilada	enchilada
encircle	madwar
encircling	li jdawru
enclave	enklavi
enclose	agħlaq
enclosure	għeluq
encode	jikkodifika
encomiastic	NO TRANSLATION
encomium	enkomium
encompass	jinkludu
encore	NO TRANSLATION
encounter	jiltaqgħu magħhom
encourage	tinkoraġġixxi
encouraged	imħeġġa
encouragement	inkoraġġiment
encouraging	inkoraġġiment
encroach	jidħlu
encroachment	indħil
encrypt	encrypt
encryption	encryption
encumbrance	indeboliment
encyclopedia	enċiklopedija
end	tmiem
end table	it-tabella tal-aħħar
endanger	jipperikolaw
endangered	fil-periklu
endangerment	periklu
endearing	għeżież
endeavor	tipprova
ended	intemm
endemic	endemiku
endgame	endgame
ending	jintemm
endless	bla tmiem
endocarditis	endokardite
endorse	japprova
endorsement	endorsjar
endow	agħti
endowed	mogħnija
endowment	dotazzjoni
endpapers	tappijiet
endpoint	endpoint
endurance	reżistenza
endure	isofru
enduring	dejjiema
enema	enema
enemy	ghadu
energetic	enerġetiku
energize	enerġizzat
energy	enerġija
enforce	jinfurzaw
enforcement	infurzar
enforcer	enforcer
engage	jidħlu
engaged	ingaġġat
engagement	impenn
engaging	involviment
engender	tnissel
engine	magna
engineer	inġinier
engineering	inġinerija
engrave	engrave
engraved	imnaqqax
engraver	inċiżur
engraving	inċiżjoni
engrossed	mimlija
engrossing	engrossing
engulf	engulf
enhance	itejbu
enhancement	titjib
enigma	enigma
enigmatic	enigmatiku
enjoin	niżżel
enjoy	igawdu
enjoyable	pjaċevoli
enjoying	li tgawdi
enjoyment	tgawdija
enlarge	tkabbar
enlarged	imkabbar
enlargement	tkabbir
enlighten	tgħarraf
enlightened	infurmata
enlightening	illuminanti
enlightenment	kjarifika
enlist	jingaġġaw
enliven	ħajjin
enmity	enmity
ennui	ennui
enormity	enormità
enormous	enormi
enormously	enormi
enraged	enraged
enrich	jarrikkixxu
enroll	iskrizzjoni
enrollment	reġistrazzjoni
ensemble	ensemble
ensign	ensign
enslave	enslave
enslaved	skjavi
enslavement	skjavitù
ensue	isseħħ
ensure	jiżguraw
entail	jinvolvi
entangled	imqabbda
entanglement	entanglement
enter	daħħal
enterprise	intrapriża
enterprising	intraprendenti
entertain	divertiment
entertained	konjizzjoni
entertainer	spettaklu
entertaining	divertenti
entertainment	divertiment
enthralled	enthralled
enthusiasm	entużjażmu
enthusiast	enthusiast
enthusiastic	entużjasti
entice	entice
entire	sħiħ
entirety	totalità
entitle	jintitolahom
entity	entità
entomology	entomoloġija
entourage	entourage
entrails	daħliet
entrance	daħla
entrapment	entrapment
entreat	entreat
entree	entree
entrepreneur	intraprenditur
entrust	tafda
entry	dħul
enumerate	enumerate
enumeration	enumerazzjoni
envelope	envelop
envious	invażivi
environ	NO TRANSLATION
environment	ambjent
environmental	ambjentali
environs	inħawi
envision	envision
envoy	mibgħut
envy	għira
enzyme	enzima
ephemeral	effimeru
ephemeris	ephemeris
epic	epika
epidemic	epidemija
epidermis	epidermide
epidural	epidurali
epilepsy	epilessija
epileptic	epilettiċi
epilogue	epilogu
epiphany	epifanija
episcopal	episkopali
episode	episodju
episodic	episodiku
epistle	epistle
epitaph	epitaph
epithet	epitetu
epitome	epitome
epoch	epoch
equal	ugwali
equality	ugwaljanza
equalization	ekwalizzazzjoni
equalize	ugwali
equalizer	equalizer
equally	ugwalment
equate	ugwali
equation	ekwazzjoni
equator	ekwatur
equatorial	ekwatorjali
equestrian	ekwestri
equidistant	ekwidistanti
equilibration	ekwilibrazzjoni
equilibrium	ekwilibriju
equip	tgħammar
equipment	tagħmir
equitable	ekwitabbli
equity	ekwità
equivalence	ekwivalenza
equivalent	ekwivalenti
equivocal	ekwivoku
era	era
eradicate	eradikazzjoni
eradication	eradikazzjoni
erase	tħassar
eraser	gomma
erasure	tħassir
ere	NO TRANSLATION
erect	wieqfa
erectile	erettili
erection	erezzjoni
ergo	NO TRANSLATION
erode	jeħilsu
erosion	erożjoni
erotic	erotic
erotica	erotica
err	żball
errand	ħlas lura
errant	errant
erratic	erratiku
erratum	erratum
erroneous	żbaljata
error	żball
erst	NO TRANSLATION
erudite	erudite
erupt	erupt
eruption	eruzzjoni
escalade	escalade
escalate	teskala
escalating	teskala
escalation	eskalazzjoni
escalator	taraġ
escape	ħarba
escaped	ħarab
escarpment	escarpment
eschew	jevitaw
escort	skorta
escrow	depożitu f'idejn terz
esophagus	esofagu
esoteric	esoteric
especial	NO TRANSLATION
espionage	spjunaġġ
espouse	esponi
espresso	espresso
esprit	esprit
esquire	eskirazzjoni
essay	esej
essayist	essayist
essence	essenza
essential	essenzjali
essentially	essenzjalment
establish	tistabbilixxi
established	stabbilit
establishment	stabbiliment
estate	proprjetà
esteem	stima
esteemed	stmata
esthetic	estetika
estimable	stmata
estimate	stima
estimation	stima
estoppel	estoppel
estranged	estranged
estrogen	estroġenu
estuary	estwarju
etch	etch
etching	inċiżjoni
eternal	etern
eternity	eternity
ethanol	etanol
ether	ether
ethereal	etereali
ethic	etika
ethical	etiku
ethics	etika
ethnic	etnika
ethnography	etnografija
etiology	etjoloġija
etiquette	etikett
etymology	Etimoloġija
eucalyptus	ewkaliptu
euchre	euchre
eugenics	eugenika
eulogistic	eulogistic
eulogium	eulogium
eulogize	Eulogize
eulogy	eulogy
euphemism	ewfemiżmu
euphoria	ewforija
euphoric	ewforiku
euro	euro
euthanasia	eutasja
evacuate	evakwati
evacuation	evakwazzjoni
evade	jevadu
evaluate	tevalwa
evaluation	evalwazzjoni
evanescence	evanescence
evangelical	evanġeliku
evangelist	evangelist
evangelistic	evangelistiku
evaporate	evapora
evaporation	evaporazzjoni
evasion	l-evażjoni
evasive	evażiva
eve	lejliet
evening	filgħaxija
evens	NO TRANSLATION
event	avveniment
eventful	mimlija
eventual	eventwali
eventuality	eventwalità
evergreen	evergreen
everlasting	eterna
evermore	evermore
everyday	kuljum
everyman	everyman
evict	tkeċċija
eviction	żgumbrament
evidence	evidenza
evident	evidenti
evidentiary	evidenza
evil	ħażen
evoke	jevokaw
evolution	evoluzzjoni
evolutionary	evoluzzjonarju
evolve	jevolvu
ewe	ngħaġ
ex	ex
exacerbate	aggravaw
exacerbation	aggravament
exact	eżatt
exacting	esiġenti
exaggerate	eżaġerat
exaggerated	esaġerat
exaggeration	eżaġerazzjoni
exalt	exalt
exaltation	exaltation
exalted	exalted
exam	eżami
examination	eżami
examine	teżamina
examiner	eżaminatur
example	eżempju
exasperated	exasperated
exasperation	exasperation
excavate	tħaffer
excavation	skavar
excavator	excavator
exceed	jaqbeż
exceeding	li taqbeż
excel	jisbqu
excellence	eċċellenza
excellent	eċċellenti
excelsior	excelsior
excepting	minbarra
exception	eċċezzjoni
exceptional	eċċezzjonali
excerpt	silta
excess	eċċess
excessive	eċċessiv
excessively	eċċessivament
exchange	skambju
excise	sisa
excision	qtugħ
excitability	eċċitabbiltà
excitable	eċċitabbli
excitation	eċitazzjoni
excite	eċitati
excited	eċċitati
excitement	eċċitament
exciting	eċċitanti
exclaim	nitkellmu
exclamation	exclamation
exclude	teskludi
excluded	esklużi
excluding	minbarra
exclusion	esklużjoni
exclusive	esklussiv
excrement	ħmieġ
excretion	eskrezzjoni
excruciating	eċċitanti
excursion	eskursjoni
excuse	skuża
exec	exec
execute	tesegwixxi
execution	eżekuzzjoni
executioner	eżekutur
executive	eżekuttiv
executor	eżekutur
exegesis	exegesi
exemplar	exemplar
exemplary	eżemplari
exemplify	eżempju
exempt	eżenti
exemption	eżenzjoni
exercise	eżerċizzju
exert	jeżerċitaw
exertion	sforz
exhale	exhale
exhaust	exhaust
exhausted	eżawrit
exhaustion	eżawriment
exhaustive	eżawrjenti
exhibit	juru
exhibition	wirja
exhilarated	eċċitati
exhilarating	eċċitanti
exhilaration	eteġillar
exhort	nitkellmu
exhortation	eżortazzjoni
exhumation	eżumazzjoni
exhume	exhume
exigent	NO TRANSLATION
exile	eżilju
exist	jeżistu
existence	eżistenza
existent	li jeżistu
existential	eżistenzjali
existing	eżistenti
exit	ħruġ
exodus	eżodu
exonerate	eżonerat
exorbitant	eżorbitanti
exorcism	exorcism
exorcist	exorcist
exotic	eżotiku
expand	jespandu
expanded	estiża
expanse	estensjoni
expansion	espansjoni
expansive	espansiva
expatriate	espatrijat
expect	jistennew
expectance	għomor
expectancy	stennija
expectant	expectant
expectation	aspettattiva
expected	mistenni
expecting	jistennew
expediency	opportunità
expedient	spedjenti
expedite	tħaffef
expedition	expedition
expeditious	malajr
expel	tkeċċi
expendable	jintremew
expenditure	nefqa
expense	spiża
expenses	spejjeż
expensive	għali
experience	esperjenza
experienced	esperjenza
experiences	esperjenzi
experiment	esperiment
experimental	sperimentali
experimentation	sperimentazzjoni
experimenter	esperimentatur
expert	espert
expertise	kompetenza
expiration	iskadenza
expire	jiskadu
expired	skada
expiry	skadenza
explain	spjega
explanation	spjegazzjoni
explanatory	spjegazzjoni
expletive	esplettiva
explication	explanation
explicit	espliċitu
explode	jisplodu
exploit	jisfruttaw
exploitation	esplojtazzjoni
exploration	esplorazzjoni
exploratory	esploratorju
explore	tesplora
explorer	esploratur
explosion	splużjoni
explosions	splużjonijiet
explosive	splussiv
expo	expo
exponent	esponent
exponential	esponenzjali
export	esportazzjoni
exportation	esportazzjoni
expose	jesponu
exposed	esposti
exposition	espożizzjoni
expository	expository
exposure	esponiment
expound	jesponu
express	espress
expression	espressjoni
expressive	espressiva
expressway	expressway
expropriation	esproprjazzjoni
expulsion	tkeċċija
exquisite	exquisite
exquisitely	exquisitely
extant	estant
extend	jestendi
extendable	jista 'jiġi estiż
extended	estiż
extension	estensjoni
extensive	estensiv
extent	limitu
exterior	barra
exterminate	sterminate
extermination	sterminazzjoni
exterminator	exterminatur
external	estern
externally	esternament
extinct	estinti
extinction	estinzjoni
extinguish	jitfu
extinguisher	estintur
extol	estol
extort	estort
extortion	estorsjoni
extra	extra
extract	estratt
extracting	estrazzjoni
extraction	estrazzjoni
extractor	estrattur
extracurricular	ekstrakurrikulari
extradition	estradizzjoni
extrajudicial	extraġudizzjarju
extramural	extramural
extraneous	estraneju
extraordinaire	extraordinaire
extraordinary	straordinarja
extraterrestrial	extraterrestrial
extravagance	extravaganza
extravagant	stravaganti
extravaganza	extravaganza
extreme	estremi
extreme anticipation	antiċipazzjoni estrema
extreme disgust	disgust estrem
extreme surprise	sorpriża estrema
extreme trust	fiduċja estrema
extremely	estremament
extremely negative	estremament negattiv
extremely positive	estremament pożittiv
extremity	estremità
extricate	neħħi
extrinsic	estrinsiku
extrusion	estrużjoni
exuberance	exuberance
exude	eżude
eye	għajn
eyeball	boċċa tal-għajn
eyebrow	għajnejn
eyeful	għajnejn
eyeglass	eyeglass
eyeglasses	nuċċalijiet
eyelash	xedaq
eyelet	toqba
eyeliner	eyeliner
eyepiece	għajnejn
eyes	għajnejn
eyesight	vista
eyewitness	xhieda okulari
fab	fab
fable	Fable
fabled	fabled
fabric	drapp
fabricate	jiffabbrika
fabricated	iffabbrikat
fabrication	fabbrikazzjoni
fabulous	fabulous
facade	faċċata
face	wiċċ
faceless	bla wiċċ
facet	aspett
facial	wiċċ
facile	NO TRANSLATION
facilitate	tiffaċilita
facility	faċilità
facing	tiffaċċja
facsimile	facsimile
fact	fatt
faction	fazzjoni
factor	fattur
factory	fabbrika
facts	fatti
factual	fattwali
faculties	fakultajiet
faculty	fakultà
fad	fad
fade	fade
faded	faded
faeces	ħmieġ
fag	fag
faggot	fagot
fail	jonqsu
failing	fin-nuqqas
failure	nuqqas
fain	NO TRANSLATION
faint	dgħajjef
fainting	ħass ħażin
fair	ġust
fairly	b'mod ġust
fairness	ġustizzja
fairway	kanali navigabbli
fairy	fairy
faith	fidi
faithful	fidila
faithfulness	fedeltà
faithless	bla sengħa
fake	foloz
faker	faker
falafel	falafel
falcon	falkun
fall	jaqgħu
fallacious	fallacious
fallacy	fallacy
fallback	Aqa lura
fallible	fallibbli
falling	jaqgħu
fallopian	fallopjan
fallout	xita
fallow	mhux maħdum
false	FALSE
falsehood	falsità
falsely	b'mod falz
falsification	falsifikazzjoni
falsified	iffalsifikata
falsify	jiffalsifika
falsity	falsità
falter	falter
fame	fama
famed	famed
familiar	familjari
familiarity	familjarità
familiarize	jiffamiljarizzaw
family	familja
familytime	il-familja
famine	ġuħ
famished	famished
famous	famuż
famously	famuż
fan	fann
fanatic	fanatic
fanatical	fanatiku
fanaticism	fanatiżmu
fanciful	fanciful
fancy	fancy
fandango	fandango
fanfare	Fanfare
fang	NO TRANSLATION
fangs	fangs
fanning	Fanning
fantasia	fantasija
fantasize	fantasize
fantastic	meraviljuż
fantasy	fantasija
faraway	Il-boghod
farce	farsa
farcical	merħba
fare	nol
farewell	Adieu
farm	razzett
farmer	bidwi
farmhouse	farmhouse
farming	biedja
farmland	raba '
faro	faro
fart	fart
farther	aktar 'il bogħod
fascia	Fascia
fascinate	fascinate
fascinated	fascinated
fascinating	affaxxinanti
fascination	faxxinu
fascism	faxxiżmu
fascist	fascist
fashion	moda
fashionable	moda
fastball	fastball
fasten	taqfel
fastener	qafla
fastening	irbit
fasting	sawm
fat	xaħam
fatal	fatali
fatalism	fatalism
fatality	mewt
fate	destin
fated	dgħajfa
fateful	fatali
fathead	fathead
father	missier
fatherhood	paternità
fatherland	patria
fatherly	missier
fathom	fathom
fatigue	għeja
fatigued	għejja
fatso	ħruq
fatten	jħaxxnu
fatty	xaħmija
faucet	faucet
fault	tort
faultless	bla difetti
faulty	difettuż
faun	faun
fauna	fawna
faux	faux
favor	favur
favorable	favorevoli
favorite	favorit
favoriteholiday	NO TRANSLATION
favoritism	favoritiżmu
fawn	fawn
fax	faks
faze	NO TRANSLATION
fear	biża '
feared	biża '
fearful	biża '
fearfully	biża '
fearing	biża '
fearless	fearless
fears	biżgħat
fearsome	terribbli
feasibility	fattibilità
feasible	fattibbli
feast	festa
feat	proeza
feather	rix
feathered	mimxut
feature	karatteristika
features	karatteristiċi
febrile	deni
fecal	fekali
feces	ħmieġ
fecundity	fekondità
fed	mitmugħa
federal	federali
federation	federazzjoni
fedup	NO TRANSLATION
fee	tariffa
feeble	feeble
feed	għalf
feedback	rispons
feeder	alimentatriċi
feel	tħossok
feelgood	feelgood
feeling	tħossok
feelingdown	NO TRANSLATION
feelinggood	NO TRANSLATION
feet	saqajn
feign	feign
feigned	iffirmat
feisty	feisty
felicity	felicità
feline	qtates
fell	waqa '
feller	Feller
fellow	sħabi
fellowship	kumpanija
felon	felon
felony	felony
felt	feltru
female	femminili
feminine	femminili
femininity	femminilità
feminism	femminiżmu
feminist	femminista
femme	NO TRANSLATION
femoral	femorali
femur	femur
fen	NO TRANSLATION
fence	ċint
fenced	fenced
fencing	ċnut
fend	fend
fender	fender
fennel	bużbież
ferment	ferment
fermentation	fermentazzjoni
fern	felċi
ferocious	ferotiku
ferocity	ferocity
ferret	ferret
ferry	lanċa
ferryboat	NO TRANSLATION
fertile	fertili
fertility	fertilità
fertilize	fertilize
fertilizer	fertilizzant
fervent	fervent
fervor	fervur
fess	fess
fest	fest
festival	festival
festive	festivi
fetal	fetu
fetch	fetch
fete	NO TRANSLATION
fetish	fetish
fetus	fetu
feud	feud
feudal	feudal
feudalism	feudalism
fever	deni
feverish	dwejjaq
fiancee	NO TRANSLATION
fiasco	fiasco
fiat	fiat
fib	fib
fiber	fibra
fiberglass	Fiberglass
fibrosis	fibrożi
fibrous	fibruż
fickle	fickle
fiction	finzjoni
fictional	fittizju
fictitious	fittizja
fiddle	Fiddle
fiddler	Fiddler
fidelity	fedeltà
fidgety	fidgety
fiduciary	fiduċjarju
field	qasam
field hockey	field hockey
fielder	ġerer
fiend	fiend
fiendish	fiendish
fierce	ħarxa
fiery	fiery
fiesta	fiesta
fiesty	NO TRANSLATION
fifteen	ħmistax
fifty	ħamsin
fig	fig
fight	ġlieda
fighter	ġlied
fighting	ġlied
fights	jiġġieled
figment	jidhru
figurative	figurattiva
figure	figura
figurine	figurin
filament	filament
filamentous	filamentuż
file	fajl
filet	filet
filibuster	filibuster
filigree	filigranja
filing	preżentazzjoni
filings	preżentazzjonijiet
fill	timla
filler	mili
fillet	flett
filling	mili
filly	filly
film	film
filmmaker	direttur tal-films
filmy	NO TRANSLATION
filter	filtru
filth	ħmieġ
filthy	imxarrab
filtration	filtrazzjoni
fin	NO TRANSLATION
final	finali
finale	finale
finalist	finalist
finality	finalità
finalize	tiffinalizza
finalized	finalizzat
finally	finalment
finance	finanzi
financial	finanzjarju
financier	finanzjatur
finch	finch
find	issib
finder	finder
finding	sejba
fine	multa
finery	finery
finesse	Finesse
finger	finger
fingernail	dwiefer
fingerprint	marki tas-swaba '
fingerscrossed	NO TRANSLATION
finish	finitura
finished	lest
finite	finit
fink	fink
fir	żnuber
fire	nar
firearm	arma tan-nar
firearms	armi tan-nar
fireball	fireball
firecracker	firecracker
firefight	ġlied tat-tifi tan-nar
firefighter	tifi tan-nar
firefly	firefly
firehouse	firehouse
firelight	nar
fireman	fireman
fireplace	nar
firepower	qawwa tan-nar
fireproof	nar
fireside	fireside
firestorm	Firestorm
firewall	firewall
firewood	ħatab
firework	logħob tan-nar
fireworks	logħob tan-nar
firing	isparar
firm	ditta
firmament	qawwa
firmly	sewwa
firmness	fermezza
first	l-ewwel
firstborn	firstborn
firstworldprobs	NO TRANSLATION
fiscal	fiskali
fish	ħut
fisherman	sajjied
fishery	sajd
fishing	sajd
fishing boat	dgħajsa tas-sajd
fishy	fishy
fissile	fissili
fission	fissjoni
fissure	fissura
fist	fist
fistfight	fistfight
fistful	fistful
fistula	fistula
fit	tajbin
fitness	idoneità
fits	joqgħod
fitted	imwaħħal
fitting	twaħħil
fittings	fittings
five	ħamsa
fiver	Fiver
fix	jiffissaw
fixable	jista 'jitwaħħal
fixation	iffissar
fixed	fissi
fixer	Fixer
fixture	muntaġġ
fixtures	attrezzaturi
fizz	Fizz
fjord	fjord
flabbergast	flabbergast
flabbergasted	flabbergasted
flabby	flabby
flaccid	flaccid
flag	bandiera
flagging	bandiera
flagpole	flagpole
flagrant	flagranti
flagship	xempju
flagstaff	flagstaff
flair	Flair
flak	flak
flake	laqx
flaky	flaky
flamboyant	flamboyant
flame	fjamma
flamethrower	flamethrower
flaming	flaming
flamingo	flamingo
flammable	fjammabbli
flan	flan
flange	flanġ
flank	flank
flanked	flanġ
flanking	flanking
flannel	flanella
flap	flap
flapping	flapping
flare	flare
flares	flares
flaring	flaring
flash	flash
flashback	flashback
flashing	li jteptep
flashlight	torċ
flashy	flashy
flask	flixkun
flat	ċatt
flatbed	ċatt
flatfoot	flatfoot
flatness	flatness
flatten	flatten
flatter	aktar fissa
flattered	flattered
flattering	flattering
flattery	flattery
flatulence	gass
flaunt	flaunt
flavor	togħma
flaw	difett
flawed	difettuża
flawless	bla difetti
flea	briegħed
fleabag	fleabag
fled	ħarbu
flee	jaħarbu
fleece	suf
fleet	flotta
fleeting	foloz
flesh	laħam
fleshy	imlaħħam
flex	flex
flexibility	flessibilità
flexible	flessibbli
flexin	flexin
flexion	flexion
flick	Flick
flicker	flicker
flickering	ċaqliq
flier	Flier
flight	titjira
flighty	flighty
flimsy	fraġli
flinch	flinch
fling	fling
flint	żnied
flip	flip
flip flop	flip flop
flipper	flipper
flipping	flipping
flirt	flirt
flirtation	flirtation
flirting	flirting
flirty	flirty
float	float
floater	floater
flock	qatgħa
flog	flog
flood	għargħar
floor	art
flooring	art
floozy	floozy
flop	flop
floppy	floppy
flora	flora
floral	fjuri
florist	florist
floss	floss
flotation	flotazzjoni
flounder	barbun
flour	dqiq
flourish	jiffjorixxu
flow	fluss
flower	fjura
flowering	fjuri
flowers	fjuri
flowery	flowery
flows	flussi
flu	influwenza
fluctuate	ivarjaw
fluctuating	li tvarja
fluctuation	varjazzjoni
flue	flue
fluency	ħeffa fil-kliem
fluent	fluwenti
fluff	tentix
fluffy	fluffy
fluid	fluwidu
fluidity	fluwidità
fluke	fluke
flunk	flunk
flunky	flunky
fluorescence	fluworexxenza
fluorescent	fluworexxenti
flurries	flurries
flurry	flurry
flush	flush
flustered	mimlija
flute	flawt
fluted	fluted
flutter	flutter
fluvial	fluvjali
flux	fluss
fly	fly
flyboy	flyboy
flyer	flyer
flying	titjir
flywheel	flywheel
foal	foal
foam	ragħwa
foaming	ragħwa
foamy	fowm
fob	fob
focal	fokali
focus	attenzjoni
fodder	għalf
foe	foe
fog	ċpar
foggy	niedja
foil	fojl
foiled	foloz
fold	darbiet
folded	mitwija
folder	folder
foliage	weraq
folio	folio
folk	folk
folklore	folklor
follicle	follikulu
follicular	follikulari
follow	issegwi
follower	segwaċi
folly	folly
fond	fond
fondle	fondle
fondling	fondling
fondness	fondness
fondue	fondue
font	font
food	ikel
foodie	foodie
fool	iqarqu
fooled	imqarraq
foolhardy	foolhardy
fooling	iqarqu
foolish	foolish
foolishness	foolishness
foolproof	foolproof
foot	sieq
foot stool	sieq tal-ippurgar
footage	filmat
football	futbol
footbridge	footbridge
foothold	bażi
footing	sieq
footlocker	footlocker
footloose	footloose
footpath	footpath
footprint	footprint
footwear	żraben
footwork	xogħol fuq il-footwork
fop	fop
forage	forage
foray	foray
forbearance	it-tolleranza
forbid	tipprojbixxi
forbidding	projbizzjoni
force	forza
forced	sfurzata
forceful	b'saħħtu
forceps	forceps
forces	forzi
forcibly	forza
ford	ford
fore	quddiem
forearm	driegħ
foreboding	foreboding
forecast	tbassir
forecaster	forecaster
foreclose	teskludi
foreclosure	esklużjoni
forefathers	forefathers
forefinger	il-werrej
forefront	quddiem nett
forego	nieqaf
foregoing	ta 'hawn fuq
foregone	mitluf
foreground	tagħrif miksub
forehead	forehead
foreign	barranija
foreigner	barrani
foreman	foreman
foremost	qabel kollox
forensic	forensika
forensics	forensiċi
foreplay	foreplay
forerunner	prekursur
foresee	nipprevedu
foreseen	previst
foresight	tbassir
forest	foresti
forestall	nieqaf
forethought	prevedibbli
foreveralone	għal dejjem waħdi
forevermore	għal dejjem aktar
forewarned	avżat minn qabel
foreword	kliem ta 'qabel
forfeit	mitlufa
forfeited	mitluf
forfeiture	konfiska
forge	ssawwar
forger	falsifikatur
forgery	falsifikazzjoni
forget	tinsa
forgetful	tinsa
forgetfulness	nixfa
forgive	nahfru
forgiven	maħfra
forgiveness	maħfra
forgiving	klementi
forgotten	minsija
fork	furketta
forked	furketta
forking	forking
forklift	Forklift
forlorn	forlorn
form	forma
formal	formali
formaldehyde	formaldehyde
formalism	formaliżmu
formality	formalità
format	format
formation	formazzjoni
formative	formattiv
formed	iffurmat
formidable	formidabbli
forming	formazzjoni
formless	mingħajr forma
formula	formula
formulary	formularju
formulate	tifformula
fornicate	fornicate
fornication	fornication
forsake	forsake
forsaken	forsaken
forsooth	għalkemm
fort	forti
forte	NO TRANSLATION
forthcoming	li jmiss
forthright	minnufih
forthwith	minnufih
fortification	fortifikazzjoni
fortify	fortifikar
fortitude	fortitude
fortnight	ħmistax-il jum
fortnightly	kull ħmistax
fortress	fortizza
fortuitous	aċċidentali
fortunate	ixxurtjati
fortune	fortuna
fortunes	fortuni
forty	erbgħin
forum	Forum
forward	quddiem
forwarding	twassil
fossil	fossili
fossils	fossili
foul	foul
found	misjub
foundation	fondazzjoni
founder	fundatur
founding	fundaturi
foundry	funderija
fountain	funtana
four	Erbgħa
fourfold	erba 'darbiet
foursome	erba 'darbiet
fourteen	erbatax
fourth	ir-raba '
fowl	tjur
fox	volpi
foxhole	foxhole
foxtrot	foxtrot
foxy	foxy
foyer	foyer
fraction	frazzjoni
fractional	frazzjonali
fracture	ksur
fragile	fraġli
fragility	fraġilità
fragment	framment
fragmentary	frammentarja
fragrance	fwieħa
fragrant	fragranti
frail	fraġli
frailty	fraġilità
frame	qafas
framework	qafas
franc	franc
franchise	franchise
frank	frank
frankenstorm	NO TRANSLATION
frankness	sinċerità
frantic	frantic
frantically	frantically
frat	Frat
fraternal	fraterni
fraternity	fraternità
fraud	frodi
fraudulent	frawdolenti
fraught	mimli
fray	Fra
frayed	frayed
frazzled	frazzled
freak	freak
freaked	maqlugħ
freakedout	NO TRANSLATION
freakingout	NO TRANSLATION
freakish	freakish
freakout	freakout
freaky	freaky
freckle	freckle
free	b'xejn
freebie	freebie
freedom	libertà
freehold	nieqes
freelance	freelance
freelancer	freelancer
freely	liberament
freeman	Freeman
freestyle	freestyle
freeway	awtostrada
freeze	iffriżar
freezer	friża
freezing	iffriżar
freight	merkanzija
freighter	bastiment tal-merkanzija
french horn	ħorn Franċiż
frenetic	frenetiku
frenzied	frenzied
frenzy	frenzy
frequency	frekwenza
frequent	frekwenti
frequently	spiss
fresco	fresco
fresh	frisk
freshair	NO TRANSLATION
freshen	freshen
freshener	deodorant
freshman	freshman
freshness	freskezza
freshstart	freshstart
freshwater	ilma ħelu
fret	fret
fretful	fretful
friar	friar
fricking	fricking
friction	frizzjoni
friday	il-ġimgħa
fridge	fridge
fried	moqlija
friend	ħabib
friendless	ħabib
friendliness	użu faċli
friendly	ambjent
friends	ħbieb
friendship	ħbiberija
frigate	frigate
friggen	NO TRANSLATION
fright	fright
frighten	frighten
frightened	imbeżża
frightening	biża
frightful	terribbli
frigid	frigid
fringe	marġinali
fringed	fringed
frisbee	frisbee
frisk	NO TRANSLATION
frisky	frisky
frivolous	frivoli
frock	frock
frog	Żrinġ
froggy	froggy
frolic	frolic
front	quddiem
frontage	faċċata
frontal	frontali
frontier	fruntiera
fronting	fronting
frontispiece	frontispice
frost	ġlata
frostbite	ġlata
frosted	matt
frosting	ġelu
frosty	ġlata
froth	Xrar
frothy	xkumat
frown	frown
frowning	frowning
frozen	iffriżat
frugal	frugal
fruit	frott
fruit punch	punch tal-frott
fruitcake	frott tal-frott
fruitful	ta 'frott
fruition	il-frott
fruitless	bla frott
fruits	frott
fruity	frott
frustrate	frustrazzjoni
frustrated	frustrati
frustrates	jiffrustra
frustrating	frustranti
frustration	frustrazzjoni
fry	fry
fryer	fryer
fuchsia	Fuchsia
fuck	fuck
fuckedoff	fuckedoff
fucker	fucker
fucking	fucking
fuckoff	fuckoff
fucksake	fucksake
fucktard	fucktard
fuckyeah	fuckyeah
fudge	fudge
fuel	fjuwil
fugitive	klandestina
fulcrum	fulkru
fulfill	jissodisfaw
fulfilled	sodisfatti
fulfilling	tissodisfa
fulfillment	twettiq
full	sħiħa
fullback	fullback
fullness	milja
fully	kompletament
fulsome	fulsome
fumble	fumble
fume	fume
fumigation	fumigazzjoni
fumin	NO TRANSLATION
fuming	fuming
fun	gost
function	funzjoni
functional	funzjonali
fund	fond
fundamental	fundamentali
fundamentalist	fundamentali
fundamentally	fundamentalment
funday	funday
funding	finanzjament
fundraiser	fundraiser
fundraising	ġbir ta 'fondi
funds	fondi
funeral	funeral
fungus	fungus
funk	funk
funky	funky
funnel	lembut
funny	umoristiċi
fur	pil
furious	furious
furiously	furiously
furlong	furlong
furlough	furlough
furnace	forn
furnish	jforni
furnishings	għamara
furniture	għamara
furor	furor
furrow	furrow
furry	furry
furtherance	avvanz
fury	fury
fuse	fjus
fuselage	fuselage
fusion	fużjoni
fuss	fuss
fussy	mħawda
fustrated	NO TRANSLATION
futile	għalxejn
futility	futilità
futon	Futon
future	futur
fuzz	fuzz
fuzzy	fuzzy
gab	NO TRANSLATION
gaby	gaby
gad	gad
gadget	gadget
gaff	Gaff
gag	gag
gaga	gaga
gage	gage
gaggle	gaggle
gahhh	NO TRANSLATION
gaiety	l-għedieqa
gain	qligħ
gainful	bi qligħ
gaining	jiksbu
gait	mixi
gal	gal
gala	gala
galactic	galattika
galaxy	galaxie
gale	gale
gall	gall
gallant	gallant
gallantry	gallantry
gallbladder	ġild tal-marrara
galled	galled
gallery	Gallerija
galley	kċina
gallon	gallun
gallop	gallop
galloping	galloping
gallows	gallows
galore	galore
galvanic	galvaniku
gamble	Gamble
gambler	gambler
gambling	logħob tal-azzard
game	logħba
gameday	gameday
gametime	gametime
gaming	logħob
gamma	gamma
gammon	gammon
gamut	gamut
gander	gander
gang	gang
gangland	gangland
gangrene	gangrene
gangster	gangster
gangway	gangway
gaol	gaol
gap	vojt
gape	gape
gaping	ħafif
garage	garaxx
garb	garb
garbage	żibel
garbled	garred
garden	ġnien
gardener	ġardinar
gardening	ġardinaġġ
gardens	ġonna
gargle	gargle
gargoyle	gargoyle
garish	garish
garlic	tewm
garment	ilbies
garner	jaħżnu
garnet	granata
garnish	garnish
garrison	garrison
garter	garter
gas	gass
gaseous	gassuż
gash	gash
gasification	gassifikazzjoni
gasket	siegla
gasoline	petrol
gasp	nodfa
gasping	iebes
gassy	gassuż
gastric	gastriku
gastronomy	gastronomija
gate	gate
gatekeeper	gatekeeper
gateway	portal
gather	tiġbor
gatherer	ġbir
gathering	ġbir
gator	gator
gatorade	gatorade
gauche	NO TRANSLATION
gaudy	gaudy
gauge	gauge
gauging	kejl
gaunt	gaunt
gauntlet	gauntlet
gauze	garża
gavel	gavel
gawk	gawk
gay	omosesswali
gaze	gaze
gazebo	gazebo
gazelle	gazelle
gazette	Gazzetta
gazetteer	gazetteer
gazillion	gazillion
gazing	iħarsu 'l isfel
gear	tagħmir
geek	geek
geeky	geeky
geez	geez
geezer	geezer
geisha	geisha
gel	ġel
gelatin	ġelatina
geld	NO TRANSLATION
gelding	gelding
gem	gem
gemini	gemini
gender	sess
genealogy	ġenealoġija
general	ġenerali
generality	ġeneralità
generalization	ġeneralizzazzjoni
generally	ġeneralment
generate	jiġġeneraw
generation	ġenerazzjoni
generative	ġenerattiv
generator	ġeneratur
generic	ġeneriku
generosity	ġenerożità
generous	ġeneruż
genesis	ġenesi
genetic	ġenetika
genetics	ġenetika
genial	kbira
genie	ġenie
genital	ġenitali
genitalia	ġenitali
genius	ġenju
genocide	ġenoċidju
genome	ġenoma
genre	ġeneru
gent	nies
genteel	genteel
gentile	ġentili
gentle	ġentili
gentleman	gentleman
gentlemanly	gentlemanly
gentleness	gentleness
gently	bil-mod
gentry	gentry
genuine	ġenwin
genus	ġeneru
geographic	ġeografiku
geographical	ġeografiku
geography	ġeografija
geological	ġeoloġiku
geologist	geologu
geology	ġeoloġija
geometric	ġeometriku
geometry	ġeometrija
geranium	geranium
gerbil	gerbil
geriatric	ġerjatrika
germ	raħs
german	german
germane	germane
germinate	narmu
germination	ġerminazzjoni
germs	mikrobi
gestation	ġestazzjoni
gesture	ġest
get	nikseb
getaway	Mur 'l hemm
getoverit	NO TRANSLATION
getoveryourself	NO TRANSLATION
getup	qum
getyourown	getyourown
ghastly	ghastly
ghetto	ghetto
ghost	ghost
ghostly	ghostly
ghoul	ghoul
giant	ġgant
gibberish	gibberish
giddy	giddy
gift	rigal
gifted	b'don
gifts	rigali
gig	gig
gigantic	ġiganteski
giggle	giggle
giggles	giggles
giggling	qbiż
gigolo	gigolo
gilded	imdawwra
gill	gill
gills	gills
gilt	gilt
gimmick	gimmick
gimp	gimp
gin	gin
ginger	ġinġer
gingerbread	ġinġer tal-ġinġer
gingerly	ġentilment
ginseng	ġinseng
giraffe	Ġiraffe
girder	girder
girdle	girdle
girl	tifla
girlfriend	ħabiba
girlie	girlie
girlish	girlish
girly	girly
girth	girth
gist	gist
give	agħti
giveaway	jingħata b'xejn
giver	NO TRANSLATION
giving	tagħti
gizmo	gizmo
gizzard	gizzard
glabrous	glabruż
glacial	glaċjali
glacier	glaċieri
glad	kuntent
glade	glade
gladiator	gladiator
gladness	gladness
glamorous	glamorous
glamour	faxxinu
glance	t'għajn
gland	glandola
glare	dija
glaring	evidenti
glass	ħġieġ
glasses	nuċċalijiet
glassware	oġġetti tal-ħġieġ
glaucoma	glawkoma
glaze	żmalt
glazed	igglejżjat
gleam	gleam
gleaming	gleaming
glean	glean
glee	glee
gleeful	gleeful
glen	glen
glib	glib
glide	glide
glider	glider
glimmer	glimmer
glimpse	idea
glint	glint
glisten	glisten
glitch	glitch
glitter	glitter
glittering	glittering
gloat	gloat
global	globali
globe	globu
globular	globulari
gloom	gloom
gloomy	gloomy
glorification	glorifikazzjoni
glorified	glorified
glorify	glorify
glorious	glorjuż
glory	glorja
gloss	tleqqija
glossary	glossarju
glossy	tleqq
glove	ingwanta
gloves	ingwanti
glow	glow
glowing	glowing
glucose	glukożju
glue	kolla
glum	glum
glut	glut
gluten	glutina
glutton	glutton
gluttony	gluttony
glycerin	gliċerina
gnat	gnat
gnome	gnome
go	mur
goal	għan
goalie	goalie
goals	miri
goat	mogħża
goatee	mogħoż
gob	gob
gobble	gobble
goblet	goblet
goblin	goblin
god	god
godbless	NO TRANSLATION
goddamn	goddamn
goddamned	goddamned
goddess	alla
godfather	godfather
godforsaken	godforsaken
godisgood	godisgood
godisgreat	NO TRANSLATION
godless	godless
godlike	godlike
godly	godly
godmother	godmother
godsend	godsend
godson	godson
gofuckyourself	gofuckyourself
goggle	goggle
goggles	nuċċalijiet
gold	deheb
golden	deheb
goldfish	Ħut tad-deheb
golf	golf
golfer	golfer
golfing	golfing
gondola	Gondola
gone	marret
goner	goner
gong	NO TRANSLATION
gonorrhea	gonorrea
goo	goo
goober	goober
good	tajjeb
goodbye	addiju
goodday	il-ġurnata t-tajba
goodfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
goodhealth	NO TRANSLATION
goodie	goodie
goodies	goodies
goodlife	ħajja tajba
goodly	tajjeb
goodmood	NO TRANSLATION
goodmorning	Bongu
goodmusic	goodmusic
goodness	goodness
goodnews	aħbar tajba
goods	merkanzija
goodtimes	zmien sabiħ
goodvibes	NO TRANSLATION
goodwill	avvjament
goody	tajjeb
gooey	gooey
goof	goof
goofball	goofball
goofy	goofy
goon	Kompli
gooood	gooood
goop	goop
goose	wiżż
gopher	gopher
gore	gore
gorge	Gorge
gorgeous	sabiħ ħafna
gorilla	Gorilla
gory	gory
gospel	Evanġelju
gossip	gossip
gothic	gothic
gouge	gouge
goulash	goulash
gourd	qargħa
gourmet	Gourmet
gout	gotta
govern	jirregola
governess	governess
governing	li jirregola
government	gvern
governmental	governattivi
governor	gvernatur
gown	gown
grab	grab
grace	grazzja
graceful	graceful
gracias	NO TRANSLATION
gracious	gracious
graciously	graciously
grad	NO TRANSLATION
gradation	gradazzjoni
grade	grad
graded	gradat
grader	grader
grades	gradi
gradient	gradjent
gradschool	NO TRANSLATION
gradual	gradwali
gradually	gradwalment
graduate	gradwat
graduation	gradwazzjoni
graffiti	graffiti
graft	graft
grail	Grail
grain	qamħ
gram	gramma
grammar	grammatika
grand	grand
grand theft auto	is-serq grand auto
grandchild	neputija
grandchildren	neputijiet
granddad	granddad
granddaddy	granddaddy
granddaughter	neputija
grandeur	grandeur
grandfather	nannu
grandiose	grandiosi
grandma	nanna
grandmother	nanna
grandpa	nanniet
grandson	neputi
grandstand	grandstand
grange	grange
granite	granit
granny	Granny
granola	granola
grant	għotja
granted	mogħtija
grantee	konċessjonarju
grantor	debitur
granular	granulari
granule	granuli
grape	għeneb
grape juice	meraq tal-għeneb
grapefruit	grapefruit
grapes	għeneb
grapevine	dwieli
graph	graff
graphic	grafika
graphics	grafika
graphite	grafita
grapple	grapple
grappling	tħabbat
grasp	ħakma
grasping	jifhimha
grass	ħaxix
grasshopper	grasshopper
grassy	ħaxix
grate	gradilja
grated	maħkuk
grateful	grat
gratification	gratifikazzjoni
gratified	gratifikat
gratify	gratify
gratifying	gratifikazzjoni
grating	taħkik
gratis	NO TRANSLATION
gratitude	gratitudni
gratuitous	gratwita
gratuity	gratifikazzjoni
grave	qabar
gravel	żrar
graver	NO TRANSLATION
graveyard	ċimiterju
gravitate	gravità
gravitation	gravitazzjoni
gravitational	gravitazzjonali
gravity	gravità
gravy	gravy
gray	griż
graze	jirgħu
grease	grass
greased	griż
greaser	greaser
greasy	żejtni
great	kbir
great anticipation	antiċipazzjoni kbira
great aunt	zija kbira
great disgust	disgust kbir
great grandfather	grandfather kbir
great grandma	nanna kbira
great grandmother	nanna kbira
great grandpa	nanna kbira
great surprise	sorpriża kbira
great trust	fiduċja kbira
great uncle	ziju kbir
greatday	NO TRANSLATION
greater	akbar
greatest	l-akbar
greatfriends	NO TRANSLATION
greatful	NO TRANSLATION
greatly	ħafna
greatly negative	negattiv ħafna
greatly positive	pożittiv ħafna
greatness	kbir
greatnight	NO TRANSLATION
greed	regħba
greedy	greedy
green	aħdar
green bean	fażola ħadra
green pepper	bżar aħdar
green snake	serp aħdar
greenhouse	serra
greenish	aħdar
greenwood	greenwood
greet	greet
greeted	greeted
greeting	Tislijiet
gregarious	gregarious
grenade	granati
grey	griż
greyhound	Greyhound
grid	grid
gridiron	gridiron
grief	grief
grievance	ilment
grieve	grieve
grieved	għajjat
grieving	grieving
grievous	gravi
griffin	griffin
grill	grill
grille	grada
grilled	grilled
grim	skura
grime	grime
grimy	grimy
grin	grin
grind	itħan
grinder	grinder
grinding	tħin
grindstone	grindstone
gringo	gringo
grip	qabda
gripe	gripe
grisly	tassew
grist	grist
grit	żrar
grits	qamħirrum
gritty	mrammel
grizzly	grizzly
groan	groan
grocer	grocer
groceries	prodotti tal-merċa
grocery	ħwienet tal-grocer
groggy	groggy
groin	koxxa
groom	jilagħqu
groove	kanal
groovy	groovy
grope	grope
gross	gross
grotesque	grotesk
grotto	grotto
grouch	grouch
grouchy	grouchy
ground	art
grounded	ertjat
groundhog	Groundhog
grounding	ertjar
groundless	bla bażi
grounds	raġunijiet
groundwork	sisien
group	grupp
groupie	groupie
grouping	raggruppament
grouse	grouse
grout	ħalib tat-tikħil
grove	grove
grovel	grovel
grow	jikbru
growl	growl
growling	tkissir
growls	jikbru
grownup	kiber
growth	tkabbir
growthefuckup	growthefuckup
grr	grr
grrr	grrr
grrrrr	grrrrr
grub	grub
grubby	grubby
grudge	grudge
grudging	grudging
grudgingly	b'idejk
gruel	gruel
grueling	grueling
gruesome	koroh
gruff	gruff
grumble	ċċempel
grump	grump
grumpy	grumpy
grunt	grunt
grunting	grunting
guacamole	guacamole
guano	Guano
guarantee	garanzija
guaranty	garanzija
guard	gwardja
guarded	mgħasses
guardhouse	gwardja
guardian	gwardjan
guardianship	tutela
guards	gwardji
gubernatorial	gubernatorjali
guerilla	NO TRANSLATION
guerrilla	guerrilla
guess	raden
guesser	guesser
guesswork	ħsibijiet
guest	mistieden
guesthouse	Guest house
guidance	gwida
guide	gwida
guidebook	ktieb ta 'gwida
guidelines	linji gwida
guiding	gwida
guild	xirka
guile	guile
guillotine	guillotine
guilt	ħtija
guilty	ħatja
guinea	guinea
guise	guise
guitar	kitarra
guitarist	guitarist
gules	gules
gulf	golf
gull	gawwija
gullet	gawwija
gullible	gullible
gully	gully
gulp	gulp
gum	gomma
gumbo	gumbo
gummy	Gummy
gumption	gumption
gun	gun
gunboat	kavilja
gunfight	gunfight
gunfighter	gunfighter
gunfire	gunfire
gunk	gunk
gunman	gunman
gunmen	gunmen
gunner	gunner
gunnery	gunnery
gunplay	gunplay
gunpoint	gunpoint
gunpowder	porvli
gunshot	gunshot
gunslinger	gunslinger
gurney	gurney
guru	guru
gush	gush
gusher	gusher
gusset	gusset
gust	Togħma
gusto	NO TRANSLATION
gusty	gusty
gut	imsaren
gutless	bla intestatura
guts	imsaren
gutsy	gutsy
gutter	kanal
guy	Guy
guzzler	guzzler
guzzling	guzzling
gym	ġinnasju
gymnasium	gymnasium
gymnast	gymnast
gymnastic	ġinnastiku
gymnastics	ġinnastika
gynecologist	ġinekologu
gynecology	ġinekoloġija
gypsy	ġita
gyroscope	ġiroskopju
habit	drawwa
habitat	ħabitat
habitation	abitazzjoni
habitual	abitwali
habitually	abitwalment
hacienda	hacienda
hack	Hack
hacker	hacker
hacksaw	siġillar
hadenough	NO TRANSLATION
hag	hag
haggard	ħass ħażin
haggle	haggle
haiku	haiku
hail	silġ
hair	xagħar
hairball	hairball
hairbrush	hairbrush
haircut	haircut
hairdo	hairdo
hairdresser	parrukkier
hairdryer	b'herdrijer
hairless	mingħajr pil
hairline	hairline
hairpin	hairpin
hairspray	xagħar tal-haxix
hairstyle	hairstyle
hairy	hairy
hale	hale
half	nofs
half dollar	nofs dollaru
halfback	halfback
halftime	halftime
halfway	nofs triq
halibut	halibut
hall	sala
hallelujah	hallelujah
hallmark	karatteristika
hallowed	hallowed
hallucination	alluċinazzjoni
hallway	hallway
halo	halo
halt	twaqqaf
halter	daqqa
halting	waqfien
halve	bin-nofs
halving	tnaqqas bin-nofs
ham	perżut
hamburger	Hamburger
hamlet	raħal żgħir
hammer	martell
hammerhead	hammerhead
hammering	tismir
hammock	hammock
hamper	tfixkel
hamster	ħamster
hamstring	hamstring
hand	idejn
handbag	ħendbeg
handball	handball
handbook	manwal
handcuff	manku
handful	ftit
handgun	handgun
handheld	jinżammu fl-idejn
handicap	żvantaġġ
handicapped	b'diżabilità
handicraft	artiġjanat
handiwork	xogħol uman
handkerchief	imkatar
handle	manku
handler	handler
handmade	magħmulin bl-idejn
handout	fuljett
handprint	handprint
handshake	handshake
handsome	gustuż
handwriting	kalligrafija
handy	handy
handyman	handyman
hang	hang
hangar	hangar
hanger	segmentazzjoni
hanging	mdendlin
hangman	hangman
hangout	hang out
hangover	hangover
hangry	hangry
hank	hank
hankering	hankering
hanky	hanky
hap	NO TRANSLATION
haphazard	haphazard
hapless	hapless
happen	jiġri
happening	jiġri
happier	kuntenti
happiest	aktar ferħana
happily	kuntenti
happiness	kuntentizza
happy	kuntenti
happydance	happydance
happyday	happyday
happyheart	happyheart
happyholidays	NO TRANSLATION
happynewyear	NO TRANSLATION
happyplace	NO TRANSLATION
happytweet	NO TRANSLATION
happyvalentinesday	NO TRANSLATION
harass	ta 'fastidju
harassing	fastidju
harassment	fastidju
harbinger	harbinger
harbor	port
hard	iebsa
hardball	hardball
hardcore	iebsa
harden	jibbies
hardened	imwebbes
hardening	ebusija
hardheaded	hardheaded
hardness	ebusija
hardship	tbatija
hardware	hardware
hardwood	injam iebes
hardworking	bieżel
hardy	li jifilħu
hare	liebru
harebrained	imkabbra
harem	Harem
hark	hark
harlot	harlot
harm	ħsara
harmful	li jagħmel ħsara
harmless	ma jagħmilx ħsara
harmonica	harmonica
harmonics	armoniċi
harmonious	armonjuż
harmoniously	b'mod armonjuż
harmonize	tarmonizza
harmony	armonija
harness	xedd
harp	arpa
harper	Harper
harpoon	arpon
harpsichord	ħanek
harrowing	tgħawwiġ
harry	Harry
harsh	ħarxa
harshness	dwejjaq
hart	jittieħed
harvest	ħsad
hash	hash
hashish	Ħaxixa
hassle	battikata
haste	għaġla
hasten	iħaffu
hastily	bil-għaġla
hasty	mgħaġġlin
hat	hat
hatch	bokkaporti
hatchet	hatchet
hate	mibegħda
hateeee	NO TRANSLATION
hateeveryone	NO TRANSLATION
hateful	mibegħda
hater	hater
hateyou	NO TRANSLATION
hating	hating
hatred	mibegħda
haughty	haughty
haul	refgħa
haulage	trasport
haunt	haunt
haunted	haunted
have	għandhom
haven	haven
havoc	havoc
haw	haw
hawk	Hawk
hawking	Hawking
hay	NO TRANSLATION
haye	haye
hayride	hayride
haystack	haystack
haywire	haywire
hazard	periklu
hazardous	perikoluż
haze	nixxa
hazmat	hazmat
hazy	imċajpar
head	ras
headache	uġigħ ta 'ras
headaches	uġigħ ta 'ras
headband	ras
headdress	headdress
header	header
headgear	ilbies tar-ras
heading	intestatura
headland	tar-ras
headless	bla ras
headlight	headlight
headline	headline
headliner	headliner
headlock	headlock
headlong	rasu
headmaster	kap ta 'tmexxija
headphones	headphones
headquarter	kwartieri ġenerali
headquarters	kwartieri ġenerali
headset	headset
headstone	headstone
headstrong	sturdut
headway	progress
heady	ħelu
heal	fejqan
healer	healer
healing	fejqan
health	saħħa
healthcare	kura tas-saħħa
healthful	tajjeb għas-saħħa
healthy	b'saħħithom
heap	borġ
hear	tisma '
hearer	dak li jisma '
hearing	seduta
hearsay	rumanz
hearse	hearse
heart	qalb
heart disease	mard tal-qalb
heartache	heartache
heartattack	NO TRANSLATION
heartbeat	taħbit tal-qalb
heartbreak	qalb
heartbreaker	qalb
heartbreaking	qalb
heartbroken	qalb il-qalb
heartburn	ħruq ta 'stonku
hearted	qalb
heartfelt	mill-qalb
hearth	fuklar
heartily	b'entużjażmu
heartland	qalba
heartless	qalb
hearts	qlub
heartsick	Qarnit
heartworm	qalb
hearty	qalb
heat	sħana
heated	imsaħħan
heater	heater
heath	saħħa
heathen	nisel
heather	ħej
heating	tisħin
heave	heave
heaven	ġenna
heavenly	heavenly
heavens	smewwiet
heavily	ħafna
heaviness	toqol
heaving	heaving
heavy	tqal
heavy metal	metall tqil
heavyweight	piż tqil
heck	Heck
hectares	ettari
hectic	hectic
hedge	hedge
hedgehog	qanfud
hedonism	hedonism
hee	ħej
heed	attenzjoni
heel	għarqub
heels	tkaken
heft	heft
hefty	hefty
hegemonic	hegemoniċi
heheh	NO TRANSLATION
heifer	għoġla
height	għoli
heighten	iżidu
heightened	imsaħħaħ
heinous	ħelwa
heir	werriet
heiress	eredi
heirloom	binja ħed
heirs	eredi
heist	heist
helical	ħelikali
helicopter	ħelikopter
helipad	helipad
heliport	heliport
helium	elju
helix	helix
hell	infern
hellfire	hellfire
hellhole	hellhole
hellish	hellish
helm	tmun
helmet	elmu
helmsman	helmsman
help	għajnuna
helper	helper
helpful	utli
helpless	bla sahha
helplessness	djufija
hem	NO TRANSLATION
hematite	hematite
hematoma	ematoma
hemi	hemi
hemisphere	emisfera
hemispheric	emisferiku
hemlock	ċikkulata
hemoglobin	emoglobina
hemorrhage	emorraġija
hemorrhoids	hemorrhoids
hemostat	hemostat
hemp	qanneb
hen	NO TRANSLATION
henceforth	minn issa 'l quddiem
henhouse	gallerija
hepatitis	epatite
herald	Herald
heraldry	araldika
herb	herb
herbaceous	erbaċej
herbal	veġetali
herbarium	herbarium
herbs	ħwawar
herd	merħla
hereditary	ereditarji
heredity	eredità
heresy	eresija
heretic	Heretic
heretical	eretiku
heretofore	s'issa
hereunto	hawnhekk
herewith	hawnhekk
heritage	patrimonju
hermaphrodite	hermafrodita
hermeneutics	ermeneutika
hermit	Ermità
hernia	ftuq
hero	eroj
heroic	erojiku
heroics	heroics
heroin	eroina
heroine	erojina
heroism	erojiżmu
herpes	herpes
herpesvirus	herpesvirus
herring	aringi
hertz	hertz
hesitant	inċerti
hesitate	toqgħodx lura
hesitating	toqgħod lura
hesitation	eżitazzjoni
hetero	hetero
heterogeneity	l-eteroġeneità
heterosexual	heterosexual
hew	hew
hex	hex
hexagon	hexagon
heyday	ħeja
hiatus	hiatus
hibernate	hibernate
hibernation	ibernazzjoni
hiccup	sulluzzu
hick	Hick
hickey	hickey
hickory	Hickory
hidden	moħbija
hide	ħabi
hideaway	hideaway
hideous	skandaluż
hideout	ħabi
hiding	ħabi
hierarchical	ġerarkiku
hierarchy	ġerarkija
hieroglyphics	Ġerogliferi
high	għoli
high heels	takkuna
highball	highball
higher	ogħla
highest	l-ogħla
highland	muntanja
highlands	għoljiet
highlight	jenfasizzaw
highness	għoli
hight	hight
hightail	hightail
highway	awtostrada
hijack	ħtif
hijacker	hijacker
hike	tlugħ
hiker	mixer
hiking	mixi
hiking boot	but tal-mixi
hilarious	tad-daħq
hilarity	hilarity
hill	għoljiet
hillside	hillside
hilltop	hilltop
hilly	bl-għoljiet
hilt	hilt
hind	hind
hinder	ifixklu
hindering	tfixkel
hindrance	tfixkil
hindsight	għeluq il-għaqal
hinge	ċappetti
hint	ħjiel
hinterland	hinterland
hip	ġenbejn
hip hop	hip hop
hippie	hippie
hippo	hippo
hippopotamus	hippopotamus
hire	kiri
hirsute	hirsute
hiss	hiss
hissing	silġ
histology	istoloġija
historian	storiku
historic	storiku
historical	storiċi
historiography	istoriografija
history	storja
hit	hit
hitch	irbit
hitchhike	hitchhike
hitchhiker	hitchhiker
hitherto	s'issa
hitter	hitter
hive	doqqajs
hives	urtikarja
hoard	akkumulazzjoni
hoarse	rqad
hoary	hoary
hoax	ingann
hob	hob
hobbit	hobbit
hobby	passatemp
hobo	hobo
hock	ħokk
hockey	hockey
hoe	NO TRANSLATION
hog	hog
hogwash	hogwash
hohoho	NO TRANSLATION
hoist	parank
hokey	hokey
hold	żommha
holder	id-detentur
holding	żamma
holdup	ostakolu
hole	toqba
holiday	btala
holidays	vaganzi
holidayseason	NO TRANSLATION
holiness	qdusija
holistic	olistiku
holler	holler
hollow	vojta
holly	Holly
holocaust	olokawstu
hologram	ologramma
holographic	olografika
holster	holster
holy	qaddis
holyspirit	NO TRANSLATION
homage	tribut
hombre	NO TRANSLATION
hombres	NO TRANSLATION
home	dar
homeboy	homeboy
homecoming	homecoming
homeland	patrija
homeless	bla dar
homely	homely
homemade	homemade
homeopathic	omeopatiku
homeopathy	omeopatija
homeowner	darha
homeroom	homeroom
homesick	homesick
homestead	homestead
homesweethome	homesweethome
hometown	il-pajjiż ta 'l-oriġini
homeward	homeward
homework	xogħol tad-dar
homey	dar
homicidal	homicidal
homicide	omiċidju
homily	omelija
homing	homing
hominy	hominy
homo	homo
homogeneity	omoġeneità
homogeneous	omoġenju
homologous	omologu
homologue	omologu
homology	omoloġija
homophobic	omofobika
homosexual	omosesswali
homosexuality	omosesswalità
honcho	honcho
hone	hone
honest	onest
honesty	onestà
honey	għasel
honeycomb	honeycomb
honeymoon	honeymoon
honeysuckle	helonsuckle
honk	honk
honky	honky
honor	unur
honorable	onorabbli
honorarium	honorarium
honorary	onorarju
honored	onorat
hooch	hooch
hood	barnuża
hooded	hooded
hoodlum	hoodlum
hoof	dwiefer
hook	ganċ
hooked	hooked
hooker	hooker
hookup	hookup
hooky	hooky
hooligan	hooligan
hoop	ċrieki
hoopla	Hoopla
hooray	Hooray
hoot	hoot
hooter	hooter
hop	hop
hope	tama
hopeful	tama
hopeless	bla tama
hopelessness	nuqqas ta 'tfulija
hopes	jittama
hoping	bit-tama
hopper	hopper
horde	horde
horizon	orizzont
horizontal	orizzontali
horizontally	orizzontalment
hormonal	ormonali
hormone	ormon
horn	ħorn
horned	qarnit
hornet	hornet
horny	qarn
horoscope	horoskopju
horrendous	orribbli
horrible	horrible
horribly	horribly
horrid	horrid
horrific	orribbli
horrified	orribbli
horrifying	skoraġġanti
horror	orrur
horrors	kruhat
horse	żiemel
horseback	horseback
horseman	horseman
horsepower	horsepower
horseradish	horseradish
horseshit	horsehit
horseshoe	żiemel
horsey	horsey
horticultural	ortikulturali
horticulture	ortikultura
hosannah	NO TRANSLATION
hose	pajp
hosiery	maljerija
hospice	ospizju
hospitable	ospitabbli
hospital	sptar
hospitality	ospitalità
host	ospitanti
hostage	ostaġġ
hostel	Hostel
hostess	hostess
hostile	ostili
hostilities	ostilitajiet
hostility	ostilità
hot	sħun
hot sauce	zalza friska
hotbed	hotbed
hotdog	hot dog
hotel	lukanda
hothead	Hothead
hotline	hotline
hotshot	hotshot
hotyoga	NO TRANSLATION
hound	hound
hour	siegħa
hourglass	hourglass
hourly	kull siegħa
house	dar
houseboat	houseboat
houseboy	houseboy
housebroken	housebroken
houseguest	houseguest
household	dar
householder	il-kap tal-familja
housekeeper	housekeeper
housekeeping	manutenzjoni
housewarming	estensjoni tad-dar
housewife	mara tad-dar
housework	xogħol tad-dar
housing	akkomodazzjoni
hovel	hovel
hover	imbagħad
hovercraft	ħoverkraft
howl	howl
howsoever	tkun xi tkun
hoy	NO TRANSLATION
hub	hub
hubby	hubby
huckleberry	Huckleberry
huddle	toqgħod
hue	lewn
huff	huff
huffy	huffy
hug	tgħanniqa
huge	enormi
hugger	hugger
huggy	huggy
hugs	hugs
hulk	hulk
hull	buq
hum	hum
human	bniedem
humane	uman
humanitarian	umanitarju
humanities	umanistiċi
humanity	umanità
humankind	umanità
humanoid	umanojdi
humanrights	NO TRANSLATION
humble	umli
humbled	umli
humbly	umilment
humbug	umbug
humdrum	umdrum
humid	umdu
humidity	umdità
humiliate	umiljat
humiliated	umiljati
humiliating	umiljanti
humiliation	umiljazzjoni
humility	umiltà
hummer	Hummer
hummingbird	Hummingbird
humongous	umoniż
humor	umoriżmu
humored	umorati
humorist	humorist
humorous	umoristiku
hump	hump
humpback	ġibs lura
hunch	hunch
hunchback	hunchback
hundred	mija
hundredth	mija
hunger	ġuħ
hungry	bil-ġuħ
hunk	hunk
hunks	hunks
hunky	hunky
hunt	kaċċa
hunter	kaċċatur
hunting	kaċċa
huntress	kuntress
hurdle	ostaklu
hurl	hurl
hurrah	hurray
hurricane	uragan
hurricanes	uragani
hurried	malajr
hurry	hurry
hurryup	NO TRANSLATION
hurt	iweġġgħu
hurtful	hurtful
hurting	jagħmel ħsara
husband	raġel
husbandry	trobbija
hush	hush
hushed	mdawra
husk	NO TRANSLATION
husky	husky
hussy	hussy
hustle	hustle
hustler	hustler
hut	għarix
hutch	hutch
hyacinth	ġjaċint
hybrid	ibridi
hydra	hydra
hydrant	idranti
hydrate	idrat
hydraulic	idrawliċi
hydraulics	idrawliċi
hydrocephalus	hydrocephalus
hydrodynamics	idrodinamika
hydrogen	idroġenu
hydrographic	idrografiku
hydrology	idroloġija
hydrophobia	idrofobija
hydroponics	hydroponics
hyena	hyena
hygiene	iġjene
hygienic	iġeniku
hygienist	iġjenista
hymen	hymen
hymn	innu
hype	hype
hyped	hyped
hyper	hyper
hyperactive	iperattivi
hyperbole	hyperbole
hyperspace	iperspazju
hypertension	pressjoni għolja
hypertrophy	ipertrofija
hyperventilate	hyperventilate
hyperventilating	iperventilazzjoni
hyphen	sing
hypnosis	hypnosis
hypnotic	ipnotiku
hypnotist	hypnotist
hypnotize	hypnotize
hypnotized	hypnotized
hypochondriac	hypochondriac
hypocrisy	ipokrisija
hypocrite	hypocrite
hypocritical	ipokritiku
hypodermic	ipodermiku
hypothalamus	ipotalamu
hypothermia	ipotermja
hypothesis	ipote i
hypothetical	ipotetiku
hysterectomy	isterektomija
hysteria	isteriżmu
hysterical	storiċi
ibuprofen	ibuprofen
ice	silġ
ice tea	te tas-silġ
iceberg	iceberg
icebox	icebox
icebreaker	icebreaker
iced	silġ
icing	silġ
icky	icky
icon	ikona
iconic	emblematika
iconography	l-ikonografija
icy	tħaddan
id	id
idea	idea
ideal	ideali
idealism	idealiżmu
idealist	idealista
idealistic	idealistiku
identical	identiku
identically	b'mod identiku
identification	identifikazzjoni
identify	tidentifika
identity	l-identità
ideology	ideoloġija
idiocy	idiocy
idiom	idiom
idiomatic	idiomatic
idiot	idjota
idiotic	idiotic
idiots	idiots
idle	idle
idleness	idleness
idler	idler
idol	idolu
idolatry	idolatry
idolizing	idolizzanti
idyllic	idilliku
iffy	iffy
ifonly	kieku biss
igloo	igloo
igneous	igneous
ignite	jaqbad
ignition	tqabbid
ignorance	injoranza
ignorant	injorant
ignore	injorat
iguana	iguana
ihatespiders	NO TRANSLATION
ilk	NO TRANSLATION
ill	morda
illegal	illegali
illegality	illegalità
illegally	illegalment
illegible	ma jinqarax
illegitimate	illeġittimu
illicit	illiċitu
illiterate	illitterati
illness	marda
illogical	illoġiku
illuminate	illuminate
illuminating	illuminanti
illumination	illuminazzjoni
illuminator	illuminatur
illusion	illużjoni
illustrate	juru
illustration	illustrazzjoni
illustrative	illustrattiva
illustrious	illustri
ilovechristmas	NO TRANSLATION
iloveher	NO TRANSLATION
image	immaġni
imagery	xbihat
imaginable	immaġinabbli
imaginary	immaġinarju
imagination	immaġinazzjoni
imaginative	immaġinattiv
imagine	jimmaġina
imagined	immaġina
imaging	immaġni
imagining	timmaġina
imam	NO TRANSLATION
imbalance	żbilanċ
imbecile	imbecile
imbedded	imbedded
imissyou	NO TRANSLATION
imitate	jimitaw
imitated	imitat
imitation	imitazzjoni
immaculate	immakulata
immaterial	immaterjali
immature	immaturi
immaturity	immaturità
immeasurable	ma titkejjilx
immeasurably	b'mod li ma titkejjilx
immediacy	immedjatezza
immediate	immedjat
immediately	immedjatament
immemorial	immemorial
immense	immens
immerse	għaddas
immersion	immersjoni
immigrant	immigranti
immigration	immigrazzjoni
imminent	imminenti
immobile	immobbli
immoral	immorali
immorality	immoralità
immortal	immortali
immortality	Immortalità
immovable	immobbli
immune	immuni
immunity	immunità
immunization	immunizzazzjoni
immutable	immutabbli
imp	imp
impact	l-impatt
impair	tfixkel
impaired	imfixkla
impairment	indeboliment
impart	jagħtu
impartial	imparzjali
impartiality	imparzjalità
impassable	impassabbli
impassioned	imdeffsa
impatience	impatience
impatient	paċenzja
impatiently	NO TRANSLATION
impeach	impeach
impeachment	impeachment
impeccable	impekkabbli
impede	jimpedixxu
impediment	impediment
impelled	impelled
impending	imminenti
impenetrable	impenetrabbli
imperative	imperattiv
imperceptible	imperċettibbli
imperfect	imperfetta
imperfection	imperfezzjoni
imperfectly	imperfett
imperial	imperjali
imperialist	NO TRANSLATION
impermeable	impermeabbli
impermissible	mhux permissibbli
impersonal	impersonali
impersonate	impersonate
impersonation	impersonazzjoni
impersonator	impersonatur
impertinence	impertinenza
impertinent	impertinenti
impervious	impervja
impetuous	impetuous
impetus	impetu
implacable	implacable
implant	impjant
implantation	impjantazzjoni
implanted	impjantat
implement	jimplimentaw
implicate	jimplikaw
implicated	implikat
implication	implikazzjoni
implied	impliċita
implore	implore
implosion	implosion
imply	jimplikaw
impolite	impolite
import	importa
importance	importanza
important	importanti
importation	importazzjoni
impose	timponi
imposing	timponi
imposition	imposizzjoni
impossibility	impossibbiltà
impossible	impossibbli
impostor	impostor
impotence	impotenza
impotent	impotenti
impound	impound
impoverished	fqira
impracticable	imprattikabbli
impractical	mhux prattiku
impregnable	impregnabbli
impregnate	impregnate
impress	timpressjona
impressed	impressjonat
impression	impressjoni
impressionable	impressionable
impressive	impressjonanti
imprint	istampar
imprison	ħabs
imprisoned	ħabs
imprisonment	priġunerija
improbable	improbabbli
impromptu	impromptu
improper	mhux xieraq
impropriety	improprjetà
improve	ittejjeb
improved	imtejba
improvement	titjib
improves	itejjeb
improving	titjib
improvisation	improvisazzjoni
improvise	improvise
improvised	improvised
imprudent	imprudenti
impudence	impudenza
impudent	impudenti
impulse	impuls
impulsive	impulsiv
impunity	impunità
impure	impur
impurity	impurità
imputation	imputazzjoni
imtryingtosleep	NO TRANSLATION
inability	inkapaċità
inaccessible	inaċċessibbli
inaccurate	mhux preċiża
inaction	nuqqas ta 'azzjoni
inactivate	inattivat
inactivation	inattivazzjoni
inactive	inattivi
inactivity	inattività
inadequacy	inadegwatezza
inadequate	mhux adegwat
inadequateness	inadegwatezza
inadmissible	inammissibbli
inadvertent	involontarju
inadvertently	involontarjament
inaffable	NO TRANSLATION
inalienable	inaljenabbli
inane	inane
inanimate	inanimat
inapplicable	inapplikabbli
inappropriate	mhux xieraq
inattention	nuqqas ta 'attenzjoni
inaudible	inaudible
inaugural	inawgurali
inaugurate	inawgurazzjoni
inauguration	inawgurazzjoni
inborn	inborn
inbound	deħlin
inbred	inbred
incalculable	inkalkulabbli
incandescent	inkandexxenti
incantation	inkantazzjoni
incapable	inkapaċi
incapacity	inkapaċità
incarceration	inkarceration
incarnate	incarnate
incase	fil-kas
incendiary	inċendjarju
incense	inċens
incensed	inkensed
incentive	inċentiv
inception	bidu
incessant	incessant
incessantly	bla heda
incest	inċest
incestuous	inċestuous
inch	pulzier
incidence	inċidenza
incident	inċident
incidental	inċidentali
incidentally	inċidentalment
incineration	inċinerazzjoni
incinerator	inċineratur
incipient	incipient
incision	inċiżjoni
incisive	inċiżivi
incite	jinċitaw
incitement	inċitament
inclement	inklement
inclination	inklinazzjoni
incline	inklinazzjoni
inclined	inklinat
include	jinkludu
included	inklużi
including	inkluż
inclusion	inklużjoni
inclusive	inklussiv
incognito	inkogno
incoherent	inkoerenti
income	dħul
incoming	deħlin
incomparable	inkomparabbli
incompatible	inkompatibbli
incompetence	inkompetenza
incompetent	inkompetenti
incomplete	mhux komplut
incompletely	mhux komplet
incompleteness	mhux kompluta
incomprehensible	inkomprensibbli
inconceivable	inkonċepibbli
inconclusive	mhux konklussiv
incongruous	inkongruwenti
inconsequential	mingħajr ekwilibriju
inconsiderate	inkonsiderata
inconsistency	inkonsistenza
inconsistent	inkonsistenti
inconspicuous	inkonsummabbli
incontinence	inkontinenza
inconvenience	inkonvenjenza
inconvenient	inkonvenjenti
incorporate	tinkorpora
incorporation	inkorporazzjoni
incorrect	mhux korrett
incorrigible	inkorrigibbli
increase	żid
increased	żdied
incredible	inkredibbli
incredulous	inkredibbli
increment	inkrement
incriminate	tinkrimina
incriminating	inkriminazzjoni
incrimination	inkriminazzjoni
incubation	inkubazzjoni
incubator	inkubatur
incubus	inkubus
incumbent	obbligatorju
incur	jeħlu
incurable	inkurabbli
incursion	inkursjoni
indebted	dejn
indecency	indecency
indecent	indiċenti
indecision	indecision
indecisive	indecisive
indefensible	indefensibbli
indefinite	indefinit
indelible	ma jitħassarx
indemnification	indennizz
indemnify	indennizza
indemnity	indennizz
indent	inċiż
indentation	indentazzjoni
indenture	indenture
independence	indipendenza
independent	indipendenti
indescribable	indescribable
indestructible	indestructible
indeterminate	indeterminat
index	indiċi
indicate	indika
indicating	indikazzjoni
indication	Indikazzjoni
indicative	indikattiv
indicator	indikatur
indice	NO TRANSLATION
indict	indikazzjoni
indictment	akkuża
indie	indie
indifference	indifferenza
indifferent	indifferenti
indigenous	indiġeni
indigent	indiġenti
indigestion	indiġestjoni
indignant	indignant
indignation	indignazzjoni
indignity	indinità
indigo	indigo
indirect	indiretta
indiscreet	indiskreta
indiscretion	indiskretazzjoni
indispensable	indispensabbli
indisposed	indispost
indistinct	indistinct
indistinguishable	indistingwibbli
individual	individwu
individuality	l-individwalità
indivisible	indiviżibbli
indoctrination	indokrinazzjoni
indolent	indolent
indomitable	indomitable
indoor	ġewwa
induce	induce
induced	indotta
inducement	inċentiv
induction	induzzjoni
indulge	toqgħod
indulgence	indulgence
indulgent	indulgent
industrial	industrijali
industrialist	industrijali
industrious	industrijalment
industry	industrija
ineffable	ineffable
ineffective	mhux effettiv
ineffectual	ineffettiv
inefficiency	ineffiċjenza
inefficient	ineffiċjenti
inelastic	inelastiku
ineligible	ineliġibbli
inept	inept
ineptitude	ineptitude
inequality	inugwaljanza
inequitable	inekwitabbli
inert	inerti
inertia	inerzja
inevitable	inevitabbli
inexact	mhux eżatt
inexcusable	mhux skużabbli
inexhaustible	ineżistenti
inexpensive	irħisa
inexperience	in-nuqqas ta 'esperjenza
inexperienced	mingħajr esperjenza
inexplicable	mhux spjegabbli
inexpressible	ineżistenti
infallibility	infallibilità
infallible	infallibbli
infamous	infami
infamy	infamy
infancy	infanzja
infant	tarbija
infanticide	infanticid
infantile	tfal
infantry	infanterija
infarct	infart
infatuated	infatuated
infatuation	infatuation
infeasible	infeasible
infect	infettati
infection	infezzjoni
infectious	infettuż
infer	infer
inference	inferenza
inferential	inferential
inferior	inferjuri
inferiority	inferjorità
infernal	infernal
inferno	inferno
infertile	infertili
infertility	infertilità
infestation	infestazzjoni
infidel	infidali
infidelity	infedeltà
infield	infield
infiltrate	infiltrat
infiltration	infiltrazzjoni
infinite	infinit
infinitely	infinitament
infinitesimal	infinitesimal
infinity	infinita
infirm	infirm
infirmary	infermiera
infirmity	infirmity
inflammation	infjammazzjoni
inflammatory	infjammatorji
inflatable	jintefħu
inflate	jintefħu
inflated	minfuħa
inflation	inflazzjoni
inflection	inflexjoni
inflict	tikkaġuna
infliction	infliction
inflorescence	fjoritura
influence	influwenza
influential	influwenti
influenza	l-influwenza
influx	influss
info	info
infomercial	reklam informattiv
inform	tinforma
informal	informali
informant	informatur
information	informazzjoni
informative	informattiv
informed	infurmat
informer	informatur
infraction	infrazzjoni
infrared	infrared
infrastructure	infrastruttura
infrequent	mhux frekwenti
infrequently	rarament
infringement	ksur
infuriate	infuriate
infuriated	infuriated
infuriates	infuriates
infuriating	infuriating
infuse	infuse
infused	infuża
infuser	infuser
infusion	infużjoni
ingenious	inġenjuża
ingenuity	għerf
ingest	inġestjoni
ingestion	inġestjoni
ingot	ingott
ingrained	mhux sodi
ingrate	ingrate
ingredient	ingredjent
ingress	dħul
inhabit	għammar
inhabitant	abitant
inhabited	abitati
inhabiting	li jgħixu
inhalation	inalazzjoni
inhale	nifs
inhaler	inalatur
inherent	inerenti
inherit	jirtu
inheritance	wirt
inhibit	jinibixxu
inhibition	inibizzjoni
inhibitor	inibitur
inhospitable	mhux abitabbli
inhuman	inuman
inhumane	inuman
inhumanity	inumanità
inimaginable	NO TRANSLATION
inimical	inimiku
inimitable	inimitabbli
iniquity	iniquity
initial	inizjali
initiate	tibda
initiated	mibdi
initiation	bidu
initiative	inizjattiva
inject	injetta
injection	injezzjoni
injunction	inġunzjoni
injure	tweġġa '
injured	feruti
injuring	ħsara
injurious	mhux ta 'ħsara
injury	ħsara
injustice	inġustizzja
ink	linka
inkling	inkling
inland	intern
inlay	inlay
inlet	daħla
inmate	rekluta
inn	Inn
innards	interjuri
innate	innate
inner	ġewwa
innermost	l-aktar nett
innerpeace	NO TRANSLATION
inning	inning
innings	innings
innkeeper	innkeeper
innocence	innoċenza
innocent	innoċenti
innocently	innoċenti
innocuous	innoċenti
innovate	jinnovaw
innovation	innovazzjoni
innovative	innovattivi
innuendo	innuendo
innumerable	innumerabbli
inoculation	inokulazzjoni
inoperable	mhux operabbli
inoperative	ma jaħdimx
inordinate	inordinata
inorganic	inorganiku
input	input
inquest	inkjesta
inquire	tinvestiga
inquirer	indirest
inquiring	indaqs
inquiry	inkjesta
inquisitive	kurjuż
inquisitor	inquisitor
insane	insane
insanity	insanità
insatiable	insatiable
inscription	iskrizzjoni
inscrutable	inkontrollabbli
insect	insett
insecticide	insettiċida
insecure	mhux siguri
insecurity	nuqqas ta 'sigurtà
insemination	inseminazzjoni
insensitive	insensittiv
inseparable	inseparabbli
insert	Daħħal
inserted	daħħal
insertion	inserzjoni
inside	ġewwa
insider	insider
insidious	insidjuż
insight	għarfien
insightful	insightful
insignia	insinja
insignificance	insinifikanti
insignificant	insinifikanti
insinuate	insinuate
insipid	insipid
insist	tinsisti
insistence	insistenza
insistent	insistenti
insists	jinsisti
insolence	insolenza
insolent	insolenti
insoluble	ma jinħallx
insolvency	insolvenza
insolvent	insolventi
insomnia	nuqqas ta 'rqad
insomniac	insomnja
inspect	jispezzjonaw
inspection	spezzjoni
inspector	spettur
inspiration	ispirazzjoni
inspirational	inspirational
inspire	jispira
inspired	ispirata
instability	instabilità
install	tinstalla
installation	installazzjoni
installment	ħlas bin-nifs
instance	eżempju
instant	immedjat
instantaneous	istantanja
instantaneously	istantanjament
instigate	jinstigaw
instigation	istigazzjoni
instill	instill
instinct	istint
instinctive	istintiv
institute	istitut
institution	istituzzjoni
instruct	istruzzjonijiet
instructed	istruzzjonijiet
instruction	istruzzjoni
instructional	istruttiv
instructions	istruzzjonijiet
instructive	istruttiv
instructor	għalliem
instrument	strument
instrumental	strumentali
instrumentalist	strumentista
instrumentality	strumentalità
insubordination	insubordinazzjoni
insufferable	insufferabbli
insufficiency	insuffiċjenza
insufficient	mhux biżżejjed
insufficiently	mhux biżżejjed
insular	insulari
insulate	iżolati
insulated	iżolati
insulation	insulazzjoni
insulin	insulina
insult	insult
insulting	insult
insurance	assigurazzjoni
insure	tassigura
insurgent	insurgent
insurmountable	insormontabbli
insurrection	insurrezzjoni
intact	intatt
intake	teħid
intangible	intanġibbli
integer	numru sħiħ
integral	integrali
integrate	integrazzjoni
integration	integrazzjoni
integrity	integrità
intellect	intellett
intellectual	intellettwali
intelligence	intelliġenza
intelligent	intelliġenti
intelligibility	intelliġibbiltà
intelligible	intelliġibbli
intend	beħsiebhom
intended	intenzjonat
intending	intenzjoni
intense	intensa
intensely	b'mod intensiv
intensify	tintensifika
intensity	intensità
intensive	intensiv
intent	intenzjoni
intention	intenzjoni
intentional	intenzjonat
intentionally	intenzjonalment
inter	inter
interact	jinteraġixxu
interaction	interazzjoni
interactive	interattiv
intercede	intercede
intercept	interċettazzjoni
interception	interċettazzjoni
intercession	interċessjoni
interchange	skambju
interchangeable	interkambjabbli
interchanged	interkambjat
intercom	intercom
intercourse	kopulazzjoni
interdependence	interdipendenza
interdependent	interdipendenti
interdiction	interdizzjoni
interest	imgħax
interested	interessat
interesting	interessanti
interface	interface
interfere	jinterferixxu
interference	interferenza
interferometer	interferometru
intergalactic	intergalattiku
interim	interim
interior	ġewwa
interject	interject
interlocutory	interlokutorju
interlude	interlude
intermediary	intermedjarju
intermediate	intermedju
interment	interment
interminable	interminabbli
intermission	intermission
intermittent	intermittenti
intern	intern
internal	intern
internally	internament
international	internazzjonali
internet	internet
internship	apprendistat
interoffice	interoffice
interpolate	interpolate
interpolation	interpolazzjoni
interpret	jinterpreta
interpretation	interpretazzjoni
interpreter	interpretu
interpretive	interpretattiv
interrelated	interrelatat
interrogate	interrogazzjoni
interrogation	interrogazzjoni
interrupt	interrompa
interrupted	interrott
interrupting	interruzzjoni
interruption	interruzzjoni
interrupts	interruzzjonijiet
intersect	intersezzjoni
intersection	intersezzjoni
interstate	interstatali
interstellar	interstellar
interstitial	interstizjali
interval	intervall
intervene	tintervjeni
intervening	interventi
intervention	intervent
interview	intervista
interviewer	intervistatur
interworking	interworking
intestate	intestat
intestinal	intestinali
intestine	intestin
intestines	intestini
intimacy	intimità
intimate	intima
intimately	intimament
intimation	intimazzjoni
intimidate	jintimidaw
intimidated	intimidat
intimidating	intimidanti
intimidation	intimidazzjoni
intolerable	intollerabbli
intolerance	intolleranza
intolerant	intolleranti
intonation	intonazzjoni
intoxicated	xurbana
intoxicating	jsakkar
intoxication	intossikazzjoni
intracranial	intrakranjali
intractable	intrattabbli
intramural	intramural
intravenous	ġol-vina
intrepid	intrepid
intricate	kkomplikata
intrigue	intrigue
intriguing	intriganti
intrinsic	intrinsiku
intrinsically	intrinsikament
intro	intro
introduce	jintroduċu
introduction	introduzzjoni
introductory	introduzzjoni
introspection	introspezzjoni
introspective	introspettiva
intrude	intrużjoni
intruder	intruder
intrusion	intrużjoni
intrusive	intrużivi
intubation	intubazzjoni
intuition	intuwizzjoni
intuitive	intuwittivi
intuitively	intuwittivament
inundation	inundation
invade	tinvadi
invader	invader
invalid	invalidu
invalidate	invalidi
invalidation	invalidazzjoni
invalidity	invalidità
invaluable	imprezzabbli
invariably	dejjem
invasion	invażjoni
invasive	invażivi
invent	nivvintaw
invention	invenzjoni
inventive	inventiv
inventor	inventur
inventory	inventarju
inverse	invers
inversely	b'mod invers
inversion	inverżjoni
invert	invertit
inverted	maqlub
invest	tinvesti
investigate	tinvestiga
investigation	investigazzjoni
investigative	investigattiva
investigator	investigatur
investment	investiment
investor	investitur
invidious	invażivi
invigorate	tissaħħaħ
invincible	invincible
invisibility	inviżibilità
invisible	inviżibbli
invitation	stedina
invite	jistiednu
inviting	stedina
invocation	invokazzjoni
invoice	fattura
invoke	invoka
involuntary	involontarju
involution	involuta
involve	tinvolvi
involvement	involviment
invulnerable	invulnerabbli
inwards	'il ġewwa
iodine	jodju
ion	ion
iota	iota
irate	irate
ire	NO TRANSLATION
iridescent	iridixxenti
iris	iris
irked	irked
irks	irks
iron	ħadid
ironclad	ironclad
ironic	ironiku
irons	mogħdija
irony	ironija
irradiation	irradjazzjoni
irrational	irrazzjonali
irrationality	irrazzjonalità
irreconcilable	irrikonċiljabbli
irreducible	irduċibbli
irrefutable	irrefutabbli
irregular	irregolari
irregularity	irregolarità
irregularly	b'mod irregolari
irrelevant	irrilevanti
irreparable	irreparabbli
irreplaceable	insostitwibbli
irrepressible	irrepressibbli
irresistible	irresistibbli
irrespective	irrispettivament
irresponsible	irresponsabbli
irreverent	irreverenti
irreversible	irriversibbli
irrevocable	irrevokabbli
irrigate	irrigate
irrigation	irrigazzjoni
irritability	irritabilità
irritable	irritabbli
irritate	jirrita
irritated	irritata
irritates	jirrita
irritating	irritanti
irritation	irritazzjoni
island	gżira
isle	isle
islet	islotta
isolate	iżolat
isolated	iżolati
isolation	iżolament
isomorphism	isomorfiżmu
isothermal	isotermali
isotope	iżotopju
issue	kwistjoni
itch	ħakk
itching	ħakk
itchy	ħakk
item	oġġett
itemize	itemize
items	oġġetti
iterate	iterate
iteration	iterazzjoni
iterative	iterattiv
itinerant	itinerant
itinerary	itinerarju
ivory	avorju
jab	jab
jabber	jabber
jack	jack
jackal	jackal
jackass	jackass
jacket	ġakketta
jackhammer	jackhammer
jackpot	jackpot
jackrabbit	jackrabbit
jacks	ġakkijiet
jade	Jade
jaded	jaded
jag	NO TRANSLATION
jagged	jagged
jaguar	jaguar
jail	ħabs
jailbird	jailbird
jailbreak	jailbreak
jailer	jailer
jailhouse	jailhouse
jalopy	jalopy
jam	ġamm
jamboree	jamboree
jammed	tiġġammja
jammer	Jammer
janitor	janitor
janitorial	janitorial
japan	Ġappun
jar	vażett
jargon	jargon
jarhead	jarhead
jarring	jarring
jasmine	ġiżimin
jasper	Jasper
jaundice	suffejra
jaunt	jaunt
java	java
javelin	javelin
jaw	xedaq
jawbone	xedaq
jaws	xedaq
jay	jay
jazz	jazz
jazzy	jazzy
jealous	ġeluż
jealousy	jealousy
jean	jean
jeans	jeans
jeep	jeep
jeering	jeering
jelly	ġelatina
jellybean	jellybean
jellyfish	bram
jenny	jenny
jeopardize	jipperikola
jeopardy	periklu
jerk	jerk
jerks	jerks
jerky	jerky
jersey	Jersey
jest	NO TRANSLATION
jester	jester
jesus	Ġesù
jet	ġett
jetty	jetty
jewel	ġojjell
jeweler	ġojjellier
jewelry	dehbijiet
jib	jib
jiff	NO TRANSLATION
jiffy	jiffy
jig	jig
jiggle	jiggle
jigsaw	jigsaw
jihad	jihad
jimmy	Jimmy
jingle	jingle
jinx	jinx
jitters	jitters
jittery	jittery
jive	jive
job	xogħol
jobinterview	NO TRANSLATION
jock	jock
jockey	jockey
jockstrap	jockstrap
jog	jog
jogger	jogger
john	John
join	jingħaqad
joined	magħquda
joining	tgħaqqad
joint	konġunta
jointly	flimkien
joke	Joke
joker	joker
joking	joking
jolly	Jolly
jolt	jolt
jornada	NO TRANSLATION
jot	jot
jour	NO TRANSLATION
journal	ġurnal
journalism	ġurnaliżmu
journalist	ġurnalist
journalistic	ġurnalistiku
journey	vjaġġ
journeyman	vjaġġatur
joust	ġusta
jovial	jovial
joy	ferħ
joyful	ferħana
joyous	joyous
joyride	joyride
joys	pjaċir
jubilant	jubilant
jubilee	jubilee
judge	imħallef
judged	iġġudikat
judging	ġudizzju
judgment	sentenza
judgmental	ġudizzju
judicial	ġudizzjarju
judiciary	ġudikatura
judicious	ġudizzjuż
judo	judo
jug	gerżuma
juggle	juggle
juggler	juggler
juggling	juggling
jugular	jugular
juice	meraq
juicer	juicer
juicy	mmerraq
juju	NO TRANSLATION
juke	juke
jukebox	jukebox
jumble	jumble
jumbled	jumbled
jumbo	Jumbo
jump	jaqbżu
jump rope	ħabel jaqbżu
jumper	jumper
jumpsuit	jumpsuit
jumpy	jaqbżu
junction	junction
juncture	mument
jungle	ġungla
junior	junior
juniper	ġnibru
junk	junk
junket	junket
junkie	junkie
junky	junky
junkyard	junkyard
junta	ġunta
juridical	legali
jurisdiction	ġurisdizzjoni
jurisprudence	ġurisprudenza
jurist	ġuristi
juror	ġurra
jury	ġurija
justice	ġustizzja
justifiable	ġustifikabbli
justification	ġustifikazzjoni
justify	jiġġustifika
juststop	NO TRANSLATION
justthebeginning	NO TRANSLATION
jute	Ġuta
juvenile	minorenni
juxtaposition	juxtapożizzjoni
kaiser	kaiser
kale	kale
kaleidoscope	kalejdoskopju
kamikaze	kamikaze
kangaroo	kangaru
kanji	Kanji
kappa	kappa
kaput	NO TRANSLATION
karaoke	karaoke
karate	Karate
karma	karma
karmic	karmic
kayak	kayak
kazoo	kazoo
kebab	kebab
keel	keel
keen	ħerqan
keep	iżommu
keeper	detentur
keeping	żamma
keepsake	keepsake
keg	keg
kelp	kelp
ken	ken
kennel	kennel
kerchief	kerchief
kern	kern
kernel	kernel
kerosene	pitrolju
ketchup	ketchup
kettle	kitla
key	ċavetta
keyboard	tastiera
keyed	keyed
keyhole	keyhole
keynote	nota ewlenija
keypad	tastiera
keystone	fundamentali
keyword	keyword
khaki	kaki
khan	khan
kibble	kibble
kick	kick
kickboxing	Kickboxing
kicker	kicker
kicking	kicking
kickoff	tisfira inizzjali
kid	kid
kidder	kidder
kidding	niċċajta
kiddo	kiddo
kiddos	kiddos
kidnap	ħtif
kidnapped	maħtufa
kidnapper	kidnapper
kidnapping	ħtif
kidney	kliewi
kids	tfal
kill	joqtlu
killer	qattiel
killing	qtil
killjoy	killjoy
kiln	kalkara
kilo	NO TRANSLATION
kilogram	kilogramm
kilometer	kilometru
kilt	kilt
kimono	Kimono
kin	kin
kind	tip
kindergarten	kindergarten
kindling	tqattiegħ
kindness	kindness
kindred	kindred
kinematics	kinematika
kinesiology	kinesjoloġija
kinetic	kinetika
king	re
king snake	king snake
kingdom	renju
kingpin	kingpin
kink	brim
kinky	kinky
kinship	parentela
kiosk	kjosk
kirk	kirk
kiss	KISS
kisser	kisser
kissy	kissy
kit	kit
kitchen	kċina
kite	astun
kitten	Kitten
kiwi	kiwi
klutz	klutz
knack	knack
knapsack	dahar
knead	knead
knee	irkoppa
kneecap	kneecap
kneel	kneel
kneeling	kneeling
knell	knell
knick	knick
knickers	knickers
knife	sikkina
knight	kavallier
knighthood	knighthood
knit	maħdumin
knob	pum
knock	knock
knockoff	knockoff
knockout	knockout
knoll	knoll
knot	għoqda
knots	knots
knotted	imnieħer
know	taf
knowing	jafu
knowingly	konxjament
knowledge	għarfien
knowledgeable	infurmati
knuckle	għaksa
knucklehead	knucklehead
knuckles	knuckles
koala	koala
kook	NO TRANSLATION
kooky	kooky
kool-aid	kool-għajnuna
kos	kos
kosher	kosher
kraut	NO TRANSLATION
kris	kris
kryptonite	kriptonite
kudos	kudos
kumquat	Kumquat
lab	lab
label	tikketta
labor	xogħol
laboratory	laboratorju
labored	maħduma
laborer	ħaddiem
laboring	xogħol
laborious	impenjattiv
labyrinth	labirint
lac	lac
lace	bizzilla
laceration	laċerazzjoni
lack	nuqqas
lackey	nieqsa
lacking	nieqsa
lackluster	mhux favur
lacquer	Laker
lacrosse	lacrosse
lactose	lattożju
lad	lad
ladder	sellum
laddie	laddie
laden	mgħobbija
lading	tagħbija
ladle	kuċċarina
lady	mara
lady bug	NO TRANSLATION
ladybug	Ladybug
ladylike	Ladylike
ladyship	ladyship
lag	dewmien
lager	NO TRANSLATION
lagging	li għadhom lura
lagoon	laguna
lair	lair
laity	laity
lake	lag
lama	NO TRANSLATION
lamb	ħaruf
lame	lame
lament	lament
lamenting	lamenting
lamina	lamina
laminated	laminat
lamp	fanal
lamppost	lamppost
lance	lance
lancer	lancer
land	art
landed	jinħattu l-art
landfall	landfall
landfill	landfill
landing	inżul
landlady	landlady
landlocked	mingħajr kosta
landlord	sid il-kera
landmark	monumentali
lands	artijiet
landscape	pajsaġġ
landscaping	landscaping
landslide	landslide
lane	triq
language	lingwa
languid	languid
languish	languish
languishing	languishing
lanky	lanky
lantern	fanal
lap	dawra
lapdog	lapdog
lapel	lapel
lapse	jiskadu
lapsed	skadiet
laptop	laptop
larceny	larkeny
lard	lard
larder	larder
large	kbir
larger	ikbar
largo	NO TRANSLATION
lark	lark
larva	larva
laryngitis	larinġite
larynx	larinġi
lasagna	lasagna
laser	laser
lash	lash
lass	lass
lasso	lasso
lastday	NO TRANSLATION
lasting	dejjiema
lastminute	lastminute
latch	lukkett
late	tard
lateness	dewmien
latent	latenti
lateral	laterali
laterally	lateralment
latex	latex
lathe	torn
lather	lather
latitude	latitudni
latrine	latrini
latrines	latrini
latte	latte
lattice	kannizzata
laud	laud
laudable	laudable
laudation	laudation
laudatory	laudatory
laugh	tidħaq
laughable	laughable
laughing	laughing
laughingstock	NO TRANSLATION
laughs	laughs
laughter	Rires
launch	tnedija
launcher	lanċjar
launches	tniedi
launder	launder
laundering	ħasil
laundry	londri
laureate	laureate
laurel	laurel
laurels	laurels
lava	lava
lavage	ħasil
lavatory	lavatory
lavender	lavanda
lavish	pjaċevoli
law	ġurisprudenza
lawful	legali
lawless	mingħajr liġi
lawlessness	anarkija
lawman	lawman
lawn	lawn
lawnmower	lawnmower
lawsuit	lawsuit
lawyer	Avukat
lax	laxka
laxative	lassattiv
lay	jistabbilixxu
layaway	layaway
layer	saff
layered	b'saffi
layman	layman
layout	tqassim
layover	struttura
laziness	laziness
lazy	għażżien
lazyday	NO TRANSLATION
lea	lea
lead	ċomb
leaded	biċ-ċomb
leader	Kap
leadership	tmexxija
leading	li twassal
leads	twassal
leaf	weraq
leaflet	fuljett
leafy	bil-weraq
league	kampjonat
leak	nixxija
leakage	tnixxija
leaky	leaky
lean	dgħif
leaned	leaned
leaning	sserraħ
leap	qabża
learn	jitgħallmu
learned	tgħallmu
learner	min qed jitgħallem
learning	tagħlim
lease	kirja
leash	leash
leather	ġilda
leathery	leathery
leave	leave
leavemealone	ħallini
leaving	titlaq
lecherous	lecherous
lecture	lecture
lecturer	għalliematur
ledge	ledge
ledger	reġistru
lee	lee
leech	arlinga
leeches	leeches
leer	NO TRANSLATION
leery	leery
lees	NO TRANSLATION
leeway	libertà
left	xellug
leftout	NO TRANSLATION
leftover	jibqa 'lura
leftovers	fdal
lefty	lefty
leg	riġel
legacy	wirt
legal	legali
legality	il-legalità
legalize	legalizzazzjoni
legalized	legalizzat
legally	legalment
legend	leġġenda
legendary	leġġendarju
legibility	leġibilità
legible	leġibbli
legion	legjoni
legislate	tilleġisla
legislation	leġiżlazzjoni
legislative	leġislattiv
legislator	leġiżlatur
legislature	leġiżlatur
legit	leġittimu
legitimacy	leġittimità
legitimate	leġittimu
lego	lego
legs	saqajn
legume	legumi
legwork	xogħol militari
leisure	divertiment
leisurely	b'xejn
lemma	lemma
lemon	lumi
lemonade	luminata
lend	jislef
lender	min isellef
lending	self
length	tul
lengthen	itawwal
lengthened	imtawwal
lengthening	itawwal
lengthwise	fit-tul
lengthy	twil
leniency	klemenza
lenient	pjaċevoli
lens	lenti
leopard	leopard
leotard	leotard
leper	leper
leprechaun	Leprechaun
leprosy	leprosy
lesbian	lesbjani
lesbianism	lesbjalkiżmu
lesion	leżjoni
less	anqas
lessee	kerrej
lessen	inaqqsu
lessening	tnaqqis
lesser	inqas
lesson	lezzjoni
lessor	sid il-kera
let	let
lethal	letali
lethargic	lethargic
lethargy	letarġija
letter	ittra
lettered	ittri b'ittri
letterhead	letterhead
lettering	ittri
letters	ittri
lettuce	ħass
leukemia	lewkimja
levee	levee
level	livell
lever	lever
leverage	ingranaġġ
levitate	levitate
levy	imposta
lewd	lewd
lexicon	lexicon
ley	NO TRANSLATION
liabilities	obbligazzjonijiet
liability	responsabbiltà
liable	responsabbli
liaison	kollegament
liar	liar
libel	libel
libelous	libelous
liberal	liberali
liberalism	liberaliżmu
liberate	liberazzjoni
liberated	liberat
liberating	jillibera
liberation	liberazzjoni
liberty	libertà
libido	libido
librarian	librar
library	Librerija
libretto	libretto
lice	qamel
license	liċenzja
lichen	lichen
lick	lagħaq
licorice	licorice
lid	għatu
lie	jinsabu
liege	liege
lien	rahan
lieu	lieu
lieutenant	lieutenant
life	ħajja
lifeblood	id-demm tal-ħajja
lifeboat	dgħajsa tas-salvataġġ
lifeguard	lifeguard
lifeisgood	lifeisgood
lifeless	bla ħajja
lifelike	ħajja
lifeline	linja ta 'sikurezza
lifelong	tul il-ħajja
lifer	lifer
lifesaver	lifesaver
lifestyle	stil ta 'ħajja
lifesucks	lifesucks
lifetime	ħajja
lift	lift
lifted	merfugħa
liftoff	liftoff
ligament	ligament
ligation	ligazzjoni
ligature	ligatura
light	dawl
light year	sena ħafifa
lightbulb	bozza
lighten	iħaffef
lightheaded	stordut
lighthouse	fanal
lighting	dawl
lightness	ħeffa
lightning	sajjetti
lights	dwal
lightweight	ħfief
likable	pjaċevoli
like	simili
likelihood	probabbiltà
likely	x'aktarx
likeness	similarità
likewise	bl-istess mod
liking	Predisposizzjoni
lilac	lelà
lily	lily
limb	parti
limber	limber
limbo	limbu
lime	ġir
limelight	limelight
limestone	ġebla franka
limey	limey
limit	limitu ta 'żmien
limitation	limitazzjoni
limited	limitat
limitless	mingħajr limitu
limo	limo
limousine	limousine
limp	limp
lin	lin
line	linja
lineage	nisel
lineal	lineari
linear	lineari
linebacker	linebacker
lined	infurrati
linen	bjankerija
liner	inforra
lines	linji
lineup	lineup
linger	linger
lingerie	lingerie
lingering	wieqaf
lingo	Lingo
lingual	lingwali
linguini	linguini
linguist	lingwista
linguistic	lingwistika
linguistics	lingwistika
lining	inforra
link	rabta
linoleum	linolju
lint	lint
lion	iljun
lip	xoffa
liposuction	Liposuction
lipstick	lipstick
liquefaction	likwifikazzjoni
liquefied	likwifikat
liqueur	likur
liquid	likwidu
liquidate	likwidat
liquidation	likwidazzjoni
liquidator	likwidatur
liquidity	likwidità
liquor	xorb alkoħoliku
lira	NO TRANSLATION
lisp	lisp
list	lista
listen	tisma '
listener	semmiegħ
listenting	NO TRANSLATION
listing	elenkar
listless	inutli
listneing	NO TRANSLATION
litany	litany
liter	litru
literacy	litteriżmu
literal	litterali
literally	litteralment
literary	letterarju
literature	letteratura
lithe	lithe
lithium	litju
lithograph	litografu
lithography	litografija
lithology	litoloġija
lithosphere	litosfera
litigant	litiganti
litigate	litigate
litigation	litigazzjoni
litigator	litigatur
litigious	litiganti
litter	żibel
little	ftit
littlethings	affarijiet zghar
littoral	littorali
liturgy	liturġija
live	jgħix
livelife	Għix il-ħajja
livelihood	għixien
lively	vivaċi
liven	liven
liver	fwied
livery	livery
livestock	bhejjem
livid	livid
living	ħajja
lizard	gremxula
llama	llama
lml	lml
load	tagħbija
loader	loader
loaf	ħobża
loafer	loafer
loam	loam
loan	self
loath	loath
loathe	loathe
loathful	skużanti
loathing	disgrazzja
loathsome	loathsome
lobby	lobby
lobbyist	lobbyist
lobe	lobe
lobotomy	lobotomija
lobster	awwista
local	lokali
locale	lokal
locality	lokalità
localization	lokalizzazzjoni
localize	jillokalizza
localized	lokalizzat
locate	issib
location	post
locator	lokatur
loch	loch
lock	lock
locker	locker
locket	locket
locksmith	locksmith
lockup	ċella
loco	loco
locomotion	lokomozzjoni
locomotive	lokomotiva
locust	ħarrub
lode	NO TRANSLATION
lodge	jiddepożita
lodger	detentur
lodging	alloġġjar
loft	loft
lofty	għoli
log	zokk maqtugħ
logarithm	logaritmu
logarithmic	logaritmiku
logic	loġika
logical	loġiku
logistics	loġistika
logo	logo
logotype	logotip
loin	NO TRANSLATION
lollipop	lollipop
lone	waħdu
loneliness	solitudni
lonely	solitarju
loner	solitarju
lonesome	lonesome
long	twil
longboat	longboat
longevity	lonġevità
longing	longing
longitude	lonġitudni
longitudinal	lonġitudinali
longitudinally	lonġitudinalment
longtime	żmien twil
loo	loo
look	ħarsa
looker	looker
lookout	attent
loom	newl
looming	imminenti
loon	loon
loony	loony
loop	loop
loophole	lakuna
loopy	loopy
loose	maħlula
loosen	jinħallux
loosening	jinħallux
loot	loot
lop	lop
lopsided	lopsided
lord	Lord
lords	lords
lordship	Lordship
lore	lore
lorry	trakk
lose	jitilfu
loser	tellief
losing	jitilfu
loss	telf
lost	mitlufa
lot	lott
lotion	lotion
lots	lottijiet
lottery	lotterija
lotto	lottu
lotus	lotus
loud	qawwi
loudly	loudly
loudmouth	loudmouth
loudness	qawwa
loudspeaker	loudspeaker
lounge	sala
lounging	lounging
louse	louse
lousy	lousy
lovable	Maħbub
love	imħabba
loved	imħabba
lovee	lovee
loveee	loveee
loveless	bla dar
lovelife	NO TRANSLATION
loveliness	loveliness
lovelovelove	NO TRANSLATION
lovely	sabiħ
lovemaking	tħejjija tal-mara
lovemylife	NO TRANSLATION
lover	lover
lovesick	lovesick
lovethis	lovethis
loving	loving
lovinglife	lovinglife
lovinlife	Lovinlife
low	baxx
lowdown	lowdown
lower	inqas
lowering	tnaqqis
lowest	l-aktar baxx
lowlands	artijiet baxxi
lowlife	lowlife
lowly	ħafif
lox	lox
loyal	leali
loyalty	lealtà
lsd	lsd
luau	luau
lube	lube
lubricant	lubrikant
lubricate	tillubrika
lubrication	lubrikazzjoni
lucid	lucid
luck	Xorti
luckiest	luckiest
lucky	xxurtjati
luckygirl	luckygirl
lucrative	qligħ
ludicrous	ludicrous
lug	lug
luggage	bagalji
lukewarm	lewn il-moħħ
lull	lull
lullaby	lullaby
lumbar	lumbar
lumber	injam
lumbering	irfigħ
lumberjack	lumberjack
luminescent	luminixxenti
luminous	luminuż
lump	f'daqqa
lumpy	irregolari
lunacy	ħeġġa
lunar	Lunar
lunatic	lunatic
lunch	lunch
lunchbox	lunchbox
luncheon	ikla ta 'l-ikel
lunchtime	Ħin l-ikel ta 'nofsinhar
lung	pulmun
lunge	lunge
lungs	pulmuni
lurch	lurch
lure	jattiraw
lurid	lurid
lurk	lurk
lurking	lurking
luscious	luscious
lush	lush
lust	Lust
luster	tleqqija
lustful	delikata
lustrous	lustrous
lusty	lusty
lute	lute
luxuriant	delikata
luxurious	luxurious
luxury	lussu
lycra	lycra
lye	lye
lying	mimdud
lymph	limfa
lymphatic	limfatika
lymphoma	limfoma
lynch	lynch
lynching	linjagg
lynx	linċi
lyre	lyre
lyric	lyric
lyrical	lyrical
lyrics	lirika
macadamia	makadamja
macarena	macarena
macaroni	macaroni
mace	mace
mach	mach
machete	machete
machine	magna
machinery	makkinarju
machinist	machinist
macho	macho
mackerel	kavalli
macro	makro
mad	ġenn
madam	Sinjura
madame	madame
madden	madden
madder	madder
mademoiselle	NO TRANSLATION
mademyday	mademyday
madhouse	madhouse
madman	madman
madness	dimenzja
maestro	maestro
mafia	mafja
magazine	rivista
mage	mage
magenta	magenta
maggot	maggot
magic	magic
magical	maġika
magician	magician
magistrate	maġistrat
magma	magma
magna	magna
magnate	magnate
magnesium	manjesju
magnet	kalamita
magnetic	manjetiku
magnetism	magnetiżmu
magnetite	magnetite
magnification	tkabbir
magnificence	magnificence
magnificent	magnífico
magnifier	lenti
magnify	tkabbar
magnifying	ingrandiment
magnitude	kobor
magnolia	magnolia
magpie	majjal
mahi mahi	NO TRANSLATION
mahjong	Mahjong
mahogany	kawba
maid	maid
maiden	maiden
mail	posta elettronika
mailbox	kaxxa postali
mailing	mailing
mailman	mailman
maim	NO TRANSLATION
main	prinċipali
mainframe	mainframe
mainland	kontinentali
mainstay	pedament
mainstream	mainstream
maintain	iżommu
maintenance	manutenzjoni
majestic	Majestic
majesty	MAESTÀ
major	maġġuri
majority	maġġoranza
make	tagħmel
makeover	makeover
maker	produttur
makeshift	impossibli
makesmehappy	NO TRANSLATION
makesmemad	NO TRANSLATION
makeup	tagħmel paċi
makingdisciples	NO TRANSLATION
malady	malady
malaise	telqa
malaria	malarja
malarkey	Malarkey
male	maskili
malevolent	malizzjuż
malfeasance	malfeasance
malformation	malformazzjoni
malfunction	malfunzjoni
malice	NO TRANSLATION
malicious	malizzjuż
malign	malinni
malignancy	malinn
malignant	malinni
maligned	maligned
mall	mall
malleable	malleabbli
mallet	mallet
malnutrition	malnutrizzjoni
malpractice	prattika ħażina
malt	malt
mama	mama
mambo	Mambo
mamma	NO TRANSLATION
mammal	mammiferu
mammoth	Mammoth
mammy	mammy
man	bniedem
manage	tmexxi
manageable	maniġġabbli
management	immaniġġjar
manager	maniġer
managerial	maniġerjali
mandamus	mandamus
mandarin	mandarin
mandate	mandat
mandatory	mandatorju
mandible	mandible
mandolin	mandolina
mandrel	mandrin
mane	NO TRANSLATION
maneuver	manuvra
maneuvering	manuvrar
mange	NO TRANSLATION
manger	lanjari
mangle	mangle
mango	mango
mangosteen	mangostan
mangy	mangy
manhole	tappiera
manhood	bniedem
manhunt	manhunt
mania	manija
maniac	maniac
maniacal	manijaċi
manic	manija
manicure	manikjur
manicurist	manicurista
manifest	manifest
manifestation	manifestazzjoni
manifested	manifestat
manifestly	b'mod ċar
manifesto	manifest
manifold	manifold
manipulate	timmanipula
manipulation	manipulazzjoni
manipulative	manipulattivi
mankind	l'umanita
manly	manly
manna	Manna
manned	ekwipaġġat
mannequin	mannequin
manner	mod
mannered	mannered
manners	modi
manor	manor
manpower	ħaddiema
mansion	Mansion
mansions	Mansions
manslaughter	omiċidju
mantel	Mantel
mantis	Mantis
mantle	mantell
mantra	Mantra
manual	manwal
manufacture	manifattura
manufacturer	manifattur
manufacturing	manifattura
manure	demel
manuscript	manuskritt
map	mappa
maple	aġġru
mar	mar
marathon	maratona
marble	irħam
marbled	marmullat
marbles	marbles
march	Marzu
mare	NO TRANSLATION
margarine	marġerina
margarita	margarita
margin	marġini
marginal	marġinali
mariachi	mariachi
marijuana	marijuana
marinara	Marinara
marine	baħar
mariner	mariner
marital	maritali
maritime	marittimu
mark	marka
marked	immarkat
marker	markatur
market	suq
marketable	kummerċjabbli
marketing	tqegħid fis-suq
marketplace	suq
marks	marki
marksman	marksman
marksmanship	tirkeb
marl	marl
marmalade	marmellata
maroon	maroon
marooned	marooned
marquee	marquee
marquis	Marquis
marred	marred
marriage	żwieġ
married	Miżżewweġ
marrow	mudullun
marry	jiżżewġu
marsh	bassasa
marshal	marixxall
marshmallow	marshmallow
mart	mart
martial	marzjali
martingale	Martingale
martini	martini
martyr	martirju
martyrdom	martirju
marvel	Marvel
marvellous	marvellous
marvelous	marvellous
marvelously	marvelously
marzipan	NO TRANSLATION
mascara	mascara
mascot	Mascot
masculine	maskili
masculinity	maskilità
mash	maxx
mashed	mgħaffġa
mask	maskra
masked	mgħottija
masks	maskri
masochism	Masochism
masochist	masochist
mason	bennej
masquerade	masquerade
mass	massa
massacre	massakru
massage	massaġġi
masses	mases
masseur	masseur
masseuse	masseuse
massive	enormi
mast	arblu
master	kaptan
masterful	kaptan
mastermind	mastermind
masterpiece	kapulavur
mastery	padrunanza
masturbate	masturbate
masturbation	masturbation
mat	tapit
matador	matador
match	logħba
matchbook	ktieb tal-logħob
matching	tqabbil
matchmaker	matchmaker
mate	mate
material	materjal
materialism	materjaliżmu
materialist	materjalistiku
materialistic	materjalistiku
materiality	materjalità
materialize	jimmaterjalizza
materially	materjalment
materials	materjali
materiel	materjal
maternal	maternali
maternity	maternità
math	matematika
mathematical	matematiku
mathematician	matematiku
mathematics	matematika
matinee	matinee
mating	tgħammir
matriculation	matrikola
matrimony	zwieg
matrix	matriċi
matron	matron
matted	matted
matter	kwistjoni
matting	ħsajjar
mattress	saqqijiet
maturation	maturazzjoni
mature	maturi
maturity	maturità
maudlin	maudlin
mausoleum	mausoleum
mauve	malva
maverick	maverick
maxim	maxim
maximize	timmassimizza
maximum	massimu
may	jista '
mayday	Mejjuday
mayflower	mayflower
mayhem	mayhem
mayonnaise	mayonnaise
mayor	sindku
maze	labirint
mead	mead
meadow	meadow
meager	żgħir
meal	ikla
mean	jfisser
meander	meander
meandering	meandering
meanie	meanie
meaning	sens
meaningful	sinifikanti
meaningless	bla sens
meanness	meanness
means	tfisser
meantime	sadattant
measles	ħosba
measurable	li jistgħu jitkejlu
measure	miżura
measured	imkejla
measurement	kejl
measuring	kejl
measuring cup	tazza tal-kejl
measuring tape	tejp tal-kejl
meat	laħam
meatball	meatball
meathead	meathead
meatloaf	meatloaf
mechanic	mekkanik
mechanical	mekkaniku
mechanics	mechanics
mechanism	mekkaniżmu
med	NO TRANSLATION
medal	midalja
medallion	medallion
medallist	medalist
meddle	jinfirxu
meddling	interferenza
media	midja
medial	medjali
median	medjan
mediate	medja
mediation	medjazzjoni
mediator	medjatur
medic	medic
medical	mediku
medicate	medicate
medication	medikazzjoni
medicinal	mediċinali
medicine	mediċina
medieval	Medjevali
mediocre	medjokri
mediocrity	mediocridi
meditate	timmeditaw
meditating	meditating
meditation	meditazzjoni
meditative	meditative
mediterranean	Mediterranja
medium	medju
medley	medley
meek	meek
meet	tiltaqa '
meeting	laqgħa
mega	mega
meh	meh
melancholic	melanjoloġiku
melancholy	melankoniku
melee	melee
mellow	lixxa
melodious	melodious
melodrama	melodrama
melodramatic	melodramatiċi
melody	melodija
melon	bettieħa
melt	dewweb
meltdown	kollass
melting	tidwib
member	Membru
membership	sħubija
membrane	membrana
memento	memento
memo	memo
memoir	memoir
memorabilia	memorabilia
memorable	memorabbli
memorandum	memorandum
memorial	monument
memorials	memorji
memories	memorji
memoriesiwontforget	NO TRANSLATION
memorize	memorizzati
memory	memorja
menace	theddida
menacing	menacing
menagerie	menagerie
mend	mend
mending	tiswija
menial	menial
meningitis	meninġite
meniscus	meniscus
menopause	menopawsa
menses	menses
menstrual	menstruwali
mental	mentali
mentalhealth	NO TRANSLATION
mentality	mentalità
menthol	menthol
mention	ssemmi
mentor	konsulent
menu	menu
meow	mjaw
mercantile	merkantili
mercenary	mercenary
merchandise	merkanzija
merchant	negozjant
merciful	ħniena
merciless	bla skomdità
mercurial	mercurial
mercury	merkurju
mercy	ħniena
mere	sempliċi
merengue	merengue
merge	jingħaqdu
merger	għaqda
meridian	meridjan
meridional	meridional
meringue	Meringue
merit	mertu
meritorious	meritevoli
mermaid	mermaid
merriment	Merriment
merry	Merry
merrychristmas	NO TRANSLATION
mesa	mesa
mescaline	mescaline
mesh	malji
meshes	malji
mesmerized	mesmerized
mess	mess
message	messaġġ
messedup	NO TRANSLATION
messenger	Messenger
messiah	Messija
messy	messy
metabolic	metaboliku
metabolism	metaboliżmu
metal	metall
metallic	metalliku
metallurgy	metallurġija
metamorphosis	metamorfożi
metaphor	metafora
metaphorical	metaforiku
metaphysical	metafisiku
metaphysics	metafiżika
metastasis	metastasi
meteor	Meteor
meteoric	Meteoriku
meteorite	meteorite
meteorological	meteoroloġiku
meteorology	meteoroloġija
meter	metru
meth	meth
methadone	methadone
methane	metanu
methanol	metanol
method	metodu
methodical	metodiku
methodology	metodoloġija
meticulous	metikoluż
metime	metime
metric	metrika
metrical	metrika
metrology	metroloġija
metropolis	metropoli
metropolitan	metropolitani
mettle	mettle
mew	Mew
mezzanine	mezzanin
mica	majka
mick	Mick
micro	mikro
microbe	mikrobi
microbiology	mikrobijoloġija
microchip	microchip
microcosm	mikrokożmu
microfilm	mikrofilm
microgram	mikrogramma
micrometer	mikrometru
micron	mikron
microphone	mikrofonu
microscope	mikroskopju
microscopic	mikroskopiku
microscopically	mikroskopikament
microscopy	mikroskopija
microwave	microwave
mid	nofs
midair	midair
midday	Nofsinhar
middle	nofs
middleman	middleman
middleweight	piż medju
midget	midget
midland	midland
midlife	midlife
midline	linja tan-nofs
midnight	nofsillejl
midshipman	midshipman
midst	midst
midsummer	nofs is-sajf
midterm	ta 'nofs it-terminu
midtown	midtown
midway	nofs triq
midwife	qabla
midwifery	qabla
mien	NO TRANSLATION
miffed	miffed
mighty	mighty
mignon	mignon
migraine	emigranja
migrate	jemigraw
migration	migrazzjoni
migratory	migratorji
mike	Mike
mil	NO TRANSLATION
mild	ħafif
mildew	moffa
mildness	ħafif
mile	mil
mileage	kilometraġġ
milestone	pass importanti
militant	militanti
militants	militanti
military	militari
militia	milizzji
milk	ħalib
milkman	milkman
milkshake	milkshake
milky	ħalib
mill	mitħna
millennium	millennju
milligram	milligramm
millimeter	millimetru
million	miljun
millionaire	millionaire
millionth	miljuni
millstone	millstone
mime	mime
mimic	jimitaw
mimicking	jimitaw
mimicry	mimetija
mince	mince
mincemeat	mincemeat
mind	mind
minded	b'moħħhom
mindful	konxja
mindfulness	attenzjoni
mindless	mindless
mine	mine
minefield	kamp tal-mini
miner	minatur
mineral	minerali
mineralogy	mineraloġija
mingle	mingle
mingled	imħallta
mini	mini
miniature	minjatura
minibus	minibus
minim	NO TRANSLATION
minimal	minimu
minimize	timminimizza
minimized	minimizzat
minimum	minimu
mining	minjieri
minion	minion
minister	ministru
ministerial	ministerjali
ministry	ministeru
minivan	minivan
mink	mink
minnow	minnow
minor	minuri
minority	minoranza
minstrel	minstrel
mint	mint
minty	Minty
minuscule	minuscule
minute	minuta
minutiae	minutiae
minx	minx
mir	NO TRANSLATION
miracle	miraklu
miracles	mirakli
miraculous	mirakuluża
mirage	mirage
mire	NO TRANSLATION
mirror	mera
mirth	mirth
misappropriation	approprijazzjoni ħażina
misbehave	iweġġgħu ħażin
misbehavior	imġieba ħażina
miscalculation	kalkolu ħażin
miscarriage	korriment
miscellaneous	mixxellanji
miscellany	taħlita
mischief	inkwiet
mischievous	mischievous
misconception	kunċett żbaljat
misconduct	kondotta ħażina
misdemeanor	nuqqas ta 'rġiel
misdirection	direzzjoni ħażina
miser	miser
miserable	miserable
miserably	miserably
misery	miżerja
misfire	misfire
misfit	misfit
misfortune	sfortuna
misguided	NO TRANSLATION
mishap	inċident
misinformed	informa ħażin
misinterpretation	interpretazzjoni ħażina
mislead	tqarraq
misleading	qarrieqa
misled	imqarrqa
mismanagement	ġestjoni ħażina
mismatch	nuqqas ta 'qbil
mismatched	mhux imqabbad
misnomer	isem ħażin
misplace	misplace
misplaced	mhux f'postu
misread	jinqerdu ħażin
misrepresent	terrappreżentat ħażin
misrepresentation	rappreżentazzjoni ħażina
misrepresented	irrappreżentat ħażin
miss	miss
missile	missili
missiles	missili
missing	nieqsa
missingyou	NO TRANSLATION
mission	missjoni
missionary	missjunarju
misspell	misspell
misstatement	dikjarazzjoni żbaljata
missy	missy
mist	ċpar
mistake	żball
mistaken	żbaljata
mister	mister
mistletoe	mistletoe
mistreated	maltrattata
mistress	mistress
mistrial	mistrial
mistrust	nuqqas ta 'fiduċja
misty	misty
misunderstand	ma jifhmux
misunderstanding	nuqqas ta 'ftehim
misunderstood	ma ntwerux
misuse	użu ħażin
mite	dudu
miter	miter
mitigate	itaffu
mitigating	mitigazzjoni
mitigation	mitigazzjoni
mitt	mitt
mitten	NO TRANSLATION
mitzvah	mitzvah
mix	ħawwad
mixed	imħallta
mixedemotions	emozzjonijiet imħallta
mixer	mixer
mixture	taħlita
mnemonic	mnemoniku
moan	moan
moat	moat
mob	mob
mobile	mobbli
mobility	mobilità
mobilization	mobilizzazzjoni
mobilize	timmobilizza
mobster	mobster
mocha	mocha
mock	mock
mocked	mocked
mockery	mockery
mocking	mocking
mockingbird	mockingbird
mod	mod
modal	modal
modality	modalità
mode	modalità
model	mudell
modeler	mudellatur
modeling	immudellar
modem	modem
moderate	moderat
moderate anticipation	antiċipazzjoni moderata
moderate disgust	disgust moderat
moderate negative	moderat negattiv
moderate positive	moderat pożittiv
moderate surprise	sorpriża moderata
moderate trust	fiduċja moderata
moderately	moderatament
moderating	moderazzjoni
moderation	moderazzjoni
moderator	moderatur
modern	moderna
modernism	moderniżmu
modest	modest
modesty	pudur
modicum	modicum
modifiable	modifikabbli
modification	modifika
modified	modifikat
modify	timmodifika
modulate	timmodula
modulation	modulazzjoni
module	modulu
modulus	modulu
mogul	mogul
moiety	moiety
moist	niedja
moisture	umdità
moisturizer	moisturizer
molar	molari
molasses	melassa
mold	moffa
molded	iffurmat
molding	iffurmar
moldy	immuffat
mole	mole
molecular	molekulari
molecule	molekula
molest	molest
molestation	molestation
molester	molester
molten	imdewweb
mom	mom
moment	mument
momentary	momentarju
momentous	radikali
momentum	momentum
momma	momma
mommy	mommy
monad	monad
monarch	monarka
monarchy	monarkija
monastery	monasteru
monastic	monastiċi
monetary	monetarja
money	flus
mongoloid	mongoloid
mongoose	Mangus
mongrel	mongrel
monitor	timmonitorja
monk	monk
monkey	xadina
mono	NO TRANSLATION
monochrome	monokromu
monogamous	monogamu
monogamy	monogamija
monogram	monogramma
monogrammed	monogrammed
monograph	monografu
monolayer	monolayer
monolith	monolith
monologue	monologu
monopolist	monopolist
monopoly	monopolju
monotonous	monotonu
monotony	monotonija
monoxide	monossidu
monsieur	monsieur
monsoon	monsoon
monster	monster
monstrosity	monstrużità
monstrous	monstruż
montage	immuntar
monte	monte
month	xahar
monthly	kull xahar
monument	monument
monumental	monumentali
moo	moo
mooch	mooch
mood	burdata
moods	burdata
moody	burdata
moon	qamar
moonbeam	moonbeam
moonlight	Moonlight
moonlit	moonlit
moonshine	Moonshine
moonstruck	moonstruck
moonwalk	moonwalk
moor	irmiġġ
moored	moored
mooring	irmiġġ
moorings	irmiġġi
moorland	moorland
moose	moose
moot	irrilevanti
mooted	mooted
mop	MOP
mope	Mope
moped	moped
moral	morali
morale	morali
morality	moralità
morals	morali
morass	morass
moratorium	moratorju
moray	moray
morbid	morbid
morbidity	morbidità
morbidness	morbidità
mores	ħaxix
morgue	morgue
moribund	moribund
morn	filgħodu
morning	filgħodu
moron	moron
moronic	moronic
morose	morose
morph	morph
morphine	morfina
morphism	morfiżmu
morphology	morfoloġija
morrow	morrow
morsel	morsel
mortal	mortali
mortality	mortalità
mortar	mehries
mortgage	ipoteka
mortgagee	mortgagee
mortgagor	mortgagor
mortician	mortician
mortification	mortifikazzjoni
mortified	mortifikat
mortuary	mortwarju
mosaic	mużajk
mosey	mosey
mosque	moskea
mosquito	nemus
moss	ħażiż
mossy	ħażiż
mote	NO TRANSLATION
motel	motel
moth	moth
mother	omm
motherfucker	motherfucker
motherfucking	motherfucking
motherhood	maternità
motherland	motherland
motherless	mingħajr omm
motherly	maternalment
motif	motif
motion	mozzjoni
motionless	mingħajr moviment
motivate	jimmotivaw
motivating	timmotiva
motivation	motivazzjoni
motivational	motivazzjonali
motive	motive
motley	motley
motor	bil-mutur
motorbike	mutur
motorboat	bil-mutur
motorcade	motorcade
motorcar	motorcar
motorcycle	motoċikletta
motorist	sewwieq
motte	motte
mottled	imkemmex
motto	motto
mould	moffa
mound	Mound
mount	muntatura
mountain	muntanji
mountaineer	mountaineer
mountainous	muntanjużi
mountains	muntanji
mountaintop	mountaintop
mourn	mourn
mournful	mournful
mourning	dwejjaq
mouse	maws
mousetrap	mousetrap
mousse	Mousse
moustache	mustaċċi
mousy	mousy
mouth	ħalq
mouthful	ħafif
mouthpiece	biċċa tal-ħalq
mouthwash	ħasil tal-ħalq
movable	mobbli
move	jimxu
movement	moviment
mover	mover
movie	movie
movies	films
moving	jiċċaqalqu
movingforward	NO TRANSLATION
movingon	movingon
mow	mow
mower	Mower
moxie	moxie
mozzarella	mozzarella
mri	mri
muchneeded	NO TRANSLATION
mucis	NO TRANSLATION
muck	Muck
mucked	mucked
mucous	mukuża
mucus	mukus
mud	tajn
muddle	muddle
muddled	mimlija
muddy	tajn
muff	muff
muffin	muffin
muffled	muffled
muffler	silencer
mug	mug
mugger	mugger
mulberry	ċawsli
mulch	mulch
mule	mule
mull	Mull
mullet	mullet
multilateral	multilaterali
multimedia	multimedja
multinational	multinazzjonali
multiple	multiplu
multiple sclerosis	sklerożi multipla
multiplex	multiplex
multiplication	multiplikazzjoni
multiplicity	multipliċità
multiplied	immultiplikat
multiplier	multiplikatur
multiply	immultiplika
multitude	numru kbir
mum	simu
mumble	mumble
mumbo	mumbo
mummy	Mummy
mumps	gattone
munch	munch
munchies	munchies
munchkin	Munchkin
mundane	mundane
municipal	muniċipali
municipality	muniċipalità
mural	murali
murder	qtil
murderer	qattiel
murderess	qattiela
murderous	qattiela
murky	murky
murmur	murmur
muscle	muskolu
muscular	muskolari
muse	mużew
muses	muses
museum	mużew
mush	NO TRANSLATION
mushroom	faqqiegħ
mushy	mushy
music	mużika
musical	mużikali
musician	mużiċist
musing	musing
musk	Musk
musket	mosket
musketeer	Mosketeer
muskrat	muskrat
muslin	muslin
muss	NO TRANSLATION
must	trid
mustang	Mustang
mustard	mustarda
muster	ġemgħa
musty	musty
mutable	mutabbli
mutant	mutanti
mutate	mutate
mutation	mutazzjoni
mute	mutu
muted	siekta
mutilate	mutilat
mutilated	mutilat
mutilation	mutilazzjoni
mutiny	mutiny
mutt	mutt
mutter	NO TRANSLATION
mutton	muntun
mutual	reċiproku
mutually	reċiprokament
muzzle	geddum
myfavorite	Il-favorit tieghi
myopia	mijopija
myopic	mijopika
myriad	numru kbir
mysterious	misterjuż
mystery	misteru
mystic	mystic
mystical	mystical
mysticism	mysticism
mystified	mistmija
mystique	mystique
myth	leġġenda
mythic	mitiku
mythical	mitika
mythological	mitoloġiku
mythology	mitoloġija
nab	nab
nacho	Nacho
nada	NO TRANSLATION
nadir	nadir
nag	NO TRANSLATION
nail	dwiefer
nail gun	pistola tad-dwiefer
naive	naive
naked	naked
nakedness	nakedness
namaste	NO TRANSLATION
name	isem
named	isem
nameless	nameless
namesake	namesake
naming	ismijiet
nana	nana
nanny	nanny
nanometer	nanometru
nap	nap
napalm	napalm
nape	nape
napkin	srievet
napping	napping
nappy	ħrieqi
narcissism	narċisiżmu
narcissist	narċiżist
narcissistic	narċisistiku
narcotic	narkotiċi
narrate	narrate
narration	n-narrazzjoni
narrative	narrattiva
narrator	narratur
narrow	dojoq
narrowing	tidjiq
nasal	imnieħer
nascent	bidu
nasty	diżgustanti
natal	twelid
nation	nazzjon
national	nazzjonali
nationality	nazzjonalità
nationwide	nazzjon kollu
native	indiġeni
nativity	nativity
natural	naturali
natural gas	gass ​​naturali
naturalist	naturalist
naturalization	naturalizzazzjoni
naturalized	naturalizzat
naturally	naturalment
nature	natura
naught	xejn
naughty	imqareb
nausea	dardir
nauseate	nauseate
nauseating	nauseating
nauseous	nauseous
nautical	nawtiku
nautilus	nautilus
naval	navali
nave	nave
navel	żokkra
navigable	navigabbli
navigate	navża
navigation	navigazzjoni
navigational	navigazzjonali
navigator	navigatur
navy	navy
nay	NO TRANSLATION
nearsighted	nearsighted
neat	pura
neatly	pulit
nebula	nebula
nebulae	nebulae
nebulous	nebulous
necessarily	neċessarjament
necessary	meħtieġa
necessitate	jeħtieġu
necessities	ħtiġijiet
necessity	neċessità
neck	għonq
necklace	necklace
necktie	necktie
necromancer	nekromant
necrosis	nekrożi
nectar	nektar
need	bżonn
needalife	NO TRANSLATION
needed	meħtieġa
needful	bżonnjuż
needit	NO TRANSLATION
needle	labra
needlepoint	point tal-labar
needles	labar
needless	bla bżonn
needtoknow	mhemmx bżonnha
needtorelax	NO TRANSLATION
needy	fil-bżonn
nefarious	nefarious
negation	negazzjoni
negative	negattiv
negativity	negattività
neglect	negliġenza
neglected	traskurat
neglecting	jittraskuraw
negligee	negliġju
negligence	negliġenza
negligent	negliġenti
negligently	NO TRANSLATION
negligible	negliġibbli
negotiable	negozjabbli
negotiate	jinnegozjaw
negotiation	negozjar
negotiator	negozjatur
negro	negro
neigh	neigh
neighbor	ġar
neighborhood	viċinat
neighboring	ġirien
nemesis	nemesis
neon	neon
neonatal	tarbija tat-twelid
neophyte	neophyte
neoprene	neoprene
nephew	neputi
nepotism	nepotiżmu
nerd	nerd
nerdy	nerdy
nerve	nerv
nerves	nervituri
nervous	nervuż
nervousness	nervi
nervouswreck	NO TRANSLATION
nervy	NO TRANSLATION
ness	ness
nest	bejta
nestle	nestle
nestling	nestling
net	nett
nether	nieqsa
netting	netting
nettle	ħurrieq
network	netwerk
networking	netwerking
neural	newrali
neuralgia	newralġija
neurological	newroloġiku
neurologist	newrologu
neurology	newroloġija
neurosis	newrożi
neurosurgeon	newrokurur
neurosurgery	newrokirurġija
neurotic	newtiku
neuter	neuter
neutral	newtrali
neutrality	newtralità
neutralize	newtralizza
neutron	newtroni
new	ġdid
new age	età ġdida
newbeginnings	NO TRANSLATION
newborn	twelid
newcomer	ġdid
newday	newday
newfound	newfound
newjob	NO TRANSLATION
newlife	ħajja ġdida
newly	ġdid
newlywed	ġdid
newme	newme
newness	novità
news	aħbarijiet
newscast	newscast
newscaster	newscaster
newsflash	newsflash
newsletter	newsletter
newsman	newsman
newspaper	gazzetta
newspaperman	newspaperman
newsreel	newsreel
newsroom	newsroom
newsstand	newsstand
newstart	newstart
newt	newt
newyear	NO TRANSLATION
nexus	nexus
nib	nib
nibble	nibble
nice	sbieħ
niche	niche
nichts	NO TRANSLATION
nick	laqam
nickel	nikel
nickname	nickname
nicotine	nikotina
niece	neputija
nifty	nifty
nigger	nigger
nigh	nigh
night	lejl
nightcap	nightcap
nightclub	nightclub
nightfall	lejl
nightgown	nightgown
nightie	nightie
nightingale	nightingale
nightlife	nightlife
nightly	kull lejl
nightmare	ħmarillejl
nightmares	inkubi
nightstand	nightstand
nightstick	bil-lejl
nighttime	bil-lejl
nihilism	nihiliżmu
nil	xejn
nimble	nimble
nimrod	nimrod
nincompoop	nincompoop
nine	disa '
nineteen	dsatax
ninety	disgħin
ninja	Ninja
ninny	ninny
nintendo	nintendo
ninth	id-disa '
nip	nip
nipper	nipper
nipple	beżżula
nippy	nippy
nitrate	nitrat
nitro	nitro
nitrogen	nitroġenu
nitrous	nitruż
nitwit	nitwit
nix	nix
no anticipation	ebda antiċipazzjoni
no disgust	ebda disgust
no emotion	ebda emozzjoni
no sentiment	ebda sentiment
no surprise	ebda sorpriża
no trust	ebda fiduċja
nobility	nobbli
noble	nobbli
nobleman	nobleman
nobodycares	NO TRANSLATION
nocomplaints	NO TRANSLATION
nocturnal	filgħodu
nod	nod
nodding	nodding
node	node
nodular	nodulari
nodule	nodulu
noggin	noggin
nohope	NO TRANSLATION
noir	noir
noise	storbju
noisy	storbjuż
nomad	nomad
nomadic	nomadiku
nomenclature	nomenklatura
nominal	nominali
nominate	jinnomina
nomination	nomina
nominee	nominee
nonce	nonce
nonchalant	non chalant
noncompliance	nuqqas ta 'konformità
nondescript	mhux deskritt
nonexistent	ma teżistix
nonfat	nonfat
nonfiction	nonfiction
nonpayment	nonpayment
nonresident	mhux residenti
nonsense	bluħa
nonsensical	bla sens
nonviolent	mhux vjolenti
noob	noob
noodle	noodle
nook	nook
noon	nofsinhar
noose	noose
nopoint	NO TRANSLATION
noregrets	NO TRANSLATION
norm	norma
normal	normali
normalcy	normalità
normality	in-normalità
north	tramuntana
northbound	tramuntana
northeast	Grigal
northern	tramuntana
northwest	Majjistral
northwestern	Majjistral
noschool	NO TRANSLATION
nose	imnieħer
nosebleed	imnieħer
nosey	mimlija
nosnow	nosnow
nostalgia	nostalgia
nostalgic	nostalgic
nostress	NO TRANSLATION
nostril	imnifsejn
nosun	NO TRANSLATION
nosy	mimlija
not negative	mhux negattiv
not positive	mhux pożittiv
notable	magħruf
notables	notables
notably	notevolment
notamorningperson	NO TRANSLATION
notary	nutar
notation	notazzjoni
notch	talja
notched	notched
note	Nota
notebook	notebook
noted	innutat
noteworthy	ta 'min jinnota
nothappy	NO TRANSLATION
nothingbetter	NO TRANSLATION
nothingness	xejn
notice	avviż
noticeable	notevoli
notification	notifika
notify	tinnotifika
notion	kunċett
notional	nozzjonali
notoriety	notorjetà
notorious	notorji
notready	mhux diġà
notwithstanding	minkejja
nought	xejn
noun	nom
nourish	nodru
nourishment	nutriment
nouveau	NO TRANSLATION
novel	ġdid
novelist	rumanz
novelty	novità
novice	novizzi
nowadays	illum
nowork	nowork
noworries	tinkwetax
noxious	ħżiena
nozzle	żennuna
nuance	influwenzata
nuances	sfumaturi
nuclear	nukleari
nucleus	nukleu
nude	nude
nudge	nudge
nudie	nudie
nudist	nudist
nudity	nudiżmu
nugget	nugget
nuisance	inkonvenjent
nuke	Nuke
nul	NO TRANSLATION
null	null
nullify	tannulla
numb	numb
number	in-numru
numbering	numerazzjoni
numbers	numri
numbness	tnemnim
numbskull	numbskull
numeral	numeral
numerator	numeratur
numerical	numeriku
numerically	numerikament
numerous	bosta
nun	NO TRANSLATION
nunchucks	Nunchucks
nunnery	suletta
nuptials	nuptials
nurse	infermier
nursemaid	nursemaid
nursery	mixtla
nursing	infermiera
nurture	nrawmu
nut	ġewż
nutcase	nutcase
nutcracker	nutcracker
nuthouse	nuthouse
nutmeg	noċemuskata
nutrition	nutrizzjoni
nutritional	nutrittiv
nutritious	nutrittivi
nutritive	nutrittivi
nuts	ġewż
nutshell	fil-qosor
nutty	nutty
nylon	najlon
nylong	NO TRANSLATION
nylons	nylon
nymph	nymph
nymphomaniac	nymphomaniac
oaf	oaf
oak	ballut
oar	oar
oasis	oasi
oat	ħafur
oath	ġurament
oatmeal	ħafur
obedience	ubbidjenza
obedient	ubbidjenti
obediently	obediently
obelisk	obelisk
obese	obeżi
obesity	obeżità
obey	jobdi
obi	obi
obit	obit
obituary	obituary
object	oġġett
objection	oġġezzjoni
objectionable	oġġezzjonabbli
objective	objettiv
objectivity	oġġettività
obligation	obbligu
obligatory	obbligatorju
oblige	jobbligaw
obliged	obbligat
obliging	jobbligaw
obligor	obbligant
oblique	oblikwu
obliterate	tinqered
obliterated	jinqerdu
obliteration	tħassir
oblivion	oblivion
oblivious	mhux obbligatorju
oblong	oblong
obnoxious	dwejjaq
oboe	oboe
obscene	oxxen
obscenity	obscenity
obscure	joskuraw
obscured	mgħottija
obscurity	oskurità
observance	osservanza
observant	attent
observation	osservazzjoni
observatory	osservatorju
observe	osserva
observer	osservatur
observing	osservazzjoni
obsess	obsess
obsessed	ossessjonat
obsessing	obsessing
obsession	ossessjoni
obsessive	obsessiv
obsolescence	obsolescence
obsolete	skaduti
obstacle	ostaklu
obstetrician	obstetriċi
obstetrics	ostetriċi
obstinate	iebsa
obstruct	jostakola
obstruction	ostruzzjoni
obstructive	ostruttiva
obtain	tikseb
obtainable	jista 'jinkiseb
obtuse	obtuse
obverse	anvers
obvious	ovvju
ocarina	ocarina
occasion	okkażjoni
occasional	okkażjonali
occasionally	kultant
occipital	occipital
occlusion	okklużjoni
occult	okkult
occupancy	okkupanza
occupant	okkupant
occupation	okkupazzjoni
occupational	okkupazzjonali
occupied	okkupat
occupier	detentur
occupy	tokkupa
occupying	jokkupaw
occur	iseħħu
occurrence	okkorrenza
ocd	okk
ocean	oċean
oceanic	oċeaniku
octagon	ottagonu
octave	octave
octopus	Qarnita
ocular	okulari
odd	stramb
oddball	oddball
oddity	oddity
odds	odds
ode	ode
odious	odjuż
odometer	odometru
odor	riħa
odyssey	odisea
oedipal	edipal
oestrogen	estroġenu
oeuvre	NO TRANSLATION
offal	interjuri
offence	reat
offend	toffendi
offended	reċidiv
offender	ħati
offense	reat
offensive	offensiv
offer	offerta
offered	offruti
offering	toffri
offhand	offhand
office	uffiċċju
officer	uffiċjal
offices	uffiċċji
official	uffiċjal
officiate	uffiċjalment
offing	offing
offload	ħatt
offset	ikkumpensat
offshoot	offshoot
offshore	offshore
offside	offside
offspring	frieħ
oft	oft
oftentimes	ħafna drabi
ogre	Ogre
ohdear	NO TRANSLATION
ohgod	NO TRANSLATION
ohno	ohno
ohshit	NO TRANSLATION
oil	żejt
oils	żjut
oily	żejtnija
oink	oink
ointment	ingwent
okra	okra
old	qodma
olden	olden
older	anzjani
oldie	oldie
oldies	oldies
olfactory	olfattut
oligarchy	oligarchy
olive	żebbuġa
omega	omega
omelet	omelet
omen	omen
omgomgomg	NO TRANSLATION
ominous	ominous
omission	ommissjoni
omit	nieqaf
omitted	imhaddem
omnibus	omnibus
omnipotence	omnipotenza
omnipotent	omnipotenti
omnipresent	omnipresent
omniscient	omniscient
onboard	abbord
oncologist	oncologist
oncology	onkoloġija
oncoming	li ġejja
one	waħda
oneday	NO TRANSLATION
onedge	onedge
onelove	imħabba waħda
oneness	oneness
onerous	oneruż
oneself	nnifsu
ongoing	għaddej
onion	basla
onset	bidu
onslaught	onslaught
onstage	fuq il-palk
ontology	ontoloġija
onus	onus
onward	'il quddiem
onyx	Onyx
oodles	Oodles
oomph	oomph
ooze	ooze
oozing	tnixxija
op	op
opacity	opaċità
opal	opal
opaque	opak
ope	ope
open	miftuħ
opener	opener
opening	ftuħ
openly	b'mod miftuħ
openness	ftuħ
opera	opra
operate	topera
operatic	operattiv
operation	operazzjoni
operational	operazzjonali
operations	operazzjonijiet
operative	operattiv
operator	operatur
ophthalmic	oftalmika
ophthalmologist	oftalmologu
opiate	opiate
opinion	opinjoni
opinionated	opinjonata
opium	opju
opponent	avversarju
opportune	opportun
opportunism	opportuniżmu
opportunity	opportunità
oppose	jopponi
opposed	kuntrarju
opposing	kontra
opposite	oppost
opposites	opposti
opposition	oppożizzjoni
oppress	oppress
oppressed	oppressed
oppression	oppressjoni
oppressive	oppressiva
oppressor	oppressor
ops	ops
opt	opt
optic	ottika
optical	ottika
optics	ottika
optimism	ottimiżmu
optimist	ottimist
optimistic	ottimist
optimum	l-aħjar
option	għażla
optional	mhux obbligatorju
optionally	b'mod fakultattiv
options	għażliet
optometrist	optometrist
opulence	opulenza
opulent	opulenti
opus	opus
oracle	oracle
oral	orali
orange	oranġjo
orange juice	meraq tal-larinġ
orangutan	orangutan
oration	oration
orator	orator
oratory	oratorju
orb	orb
orbit	orbita
orbital	orbitali
orbiting	orbiting
orbs	orbs
orc	orc
orchard	ġnien tal-frott
orchestra	orkestra
orchid	Orkidea
ordained	ordnat
ordeal	ordeal
order	ordni
orderly	ordnat
ordinance	ordinanza
ordinary	ordinarja
ordination	koordinazzjoni
ordnance	artillerija
ore	minerali
oregano	oregano
organ	organu
organic	organiku
organism	organiżmu
organist	organist
organization	organizzazzjoni
organize	torganizza
organized	organizzata
organizer	organizzatur
orgasm	orga
orgies	orgies
orgy	orgia
orient	orjent
oriental	orjentali
orientation	orjentazzjoni
orifice	orifiċju
origami	origami
origin	oriġini
original	oriġinali
originality	oriġinalità
originate	joriġinaw
origination	oriġini
originator	oriġinatur
ornament	ornament
ornamental	ornamentali
ornamentation	ornamentazzjoni
ornamented	imżejna
ornate	ornate
ornery	ornery
orphan	orfni
orphanage	orfanatrofju
orphaned	orfni
orthodontist	ortodonzja
orthodox	ortodoss
orthodoxy	orthodoxy
orthogonal	ortogonali
orthopedic	ortopedika
oscillate	ossillate
oscillating	joxxilla
oscillation	oxxillazzjoni
oscillatory	oxxillari
ostensible	ostensibbli
ostensibly	apparentement
ostentatious	ostentatjuż
ostracized	ostracized
ostrich	ngħam
other	oħrajn
otter	lontra
otto	otto
ottoman	ottoman
ought	kellha
ounce	uqija
oust	oust
outage	outage
outback	outback
outbid	outbid
outboard	outboard
outbreak	tifqigħa
outburst	splużjoni
outcast	outcast
outcome	riżultat
outcry	protesta
outdated	antikwat
outdo	outdo
outdoor	barra
outdoors	barra
outer	barra
outfit	ilbies
outgoing	outgoing
outgrow	jegħlbu
outgrowth	outgrowth
outhouse	outhouse
outing	ħarġa
outlandish	outlandish
outlast	outlast
outlaw	jillegalizza
outlet	iżbokk
outline	outline
outlines	tiddeskrivi
outlive	outlive
outlook	prospetti
outlying	imbiegħed
outnumber	in-numru akbar
outpatient	outpatient
outpost	imbiegħed
outpouring	għargħar
output	produzzjoni
outrage	għarrieda
outraged	imriegħex
outrageous	outrageous
outrank	outrank
outreach	outreach
outright	kollox
outrun	outrun
outset	bidu
outsider	outsider
outskirts	il-periferija
outsmart	outsmart
outspoken	outspoken
outstanding	pendenti
outstretched	outstretched
outward	barra
outwards	barra
outweigh	jegħleb
outwit	outwit
oval	ovali
ovary	ovarju
ovate	ovate
ovation	Ovation
oven	forn
overactive	mhux attiva
overall	b'mod ġenerali
overalls	overalls
overbearing	qawwija
overburden	piż żejjed
overcast	nieqes
overcharged	mgħobbija żżejjed
overcoat	overcoat
overcome	jingħelbu
overcoming	jingħelbu
overcrowded	iffullati wisq
overdo	overdo
overdose	doża eċċessiva
overdrive	overdrive
overdue	li suppost sar
overestimate	stmat iżżejjed
overestimated	stmat iżżejjed
overflow	overflow
overflowing	tħawwil
overgrown	ħaxix irħas
overgrowth	tkabbir eċċessiv
overhanging	li jisporġi
overhaul	reviżjoni ġenerali
overhead	overhead
overhear	overhear
overheated	żżejjed
overjoyed	kuntenti ħafna
overkill	overkill
overlaid	sovraposta
overlap	overlap
overlapping	overlapping
overlay	overlay
overload	eċċess ta 'tagħbija
overlook	jinjoraw
overlord	overlord
overlying	sovrastanti
overpaid	imħallas żejjed
overpass	passaġġ żejjed
overplayed	overplayed
overpower	qawwa żejda
overpowering	overpowering
overpriced	imprezzabbli
overprotective	overprotective
overrated	overrated
overreact	overreact
override	override
overriding	prevalenti
overrule	overrule
overrun	qbiż
oversee	tissorvelja
overseer	sorveljant
overshadow	tiskura
oversight	sorveljanza
oversized	kbir wisq
overslept	overslept
overstate	eċċessivament
overstock	overstock
overt	evidenti
overtake	overtake
overtaken	misruqa
overthemoon	NO TRANSLATION
overthinker	eċċessiv
overthinking	taħseb wisq
overthrow	jitwaqqa '
overtime	sahra
overtired	żejjed
overture	qtugħ
overturn	jinqaleb
overview	ħarsa ġenerali
overweight	piż żejjed
overwhelm	jisbqu
overwhelmed	megħlub
overwhelming	kbira ħafna
overworked	xogħol żejjed
overwrought	overwrought
overzealous	żejjed
owe	nirrispettaw
owing	minħabba
owl	Kokka
owner	sid
ownership	pussess
ox	ox
oxidation	ossidazzjoni
oxide	ossidu
oxygen	ossiġnu
oxymoron	oxymoron
oyster	gajdra
ozone	ożonu
pace	pass
pacemaker	pacemaker
pacific	Paċifiku
pacified	pacified
pacifier	ch pacifier
pacifist	pacifist
pacify	pacify
pacing	mixi
pack	pakkett
package	pakkett
packaging	ippakkjar
packer	pakkjatur
packet	pakkett
pact	patt
pad	kuxxinett
padded	ikkuttunat
padding	ikkuttunar
paddle	jaqdfu
paddle boat	dgħajsa tal-paddle
paddock	paddock
paddy	paddy
padlock	katnazz
padre	NO TRANSLATION
paean	paean
pagan	pagan
paganism	paganiżmu
page	paġna
pageant	pageant
pager	pager
pagination	paginazzjoni
paging	paging
pagoda	pagoda
pail	pail
pain	uġigħ
pained	uġigħ
painful	uġigħ
painfully	tbatija
painkiller	analġesiku
painless	mingħajr tbatija
pains	uġigħ
painstaking	iebes
paint	żebgħa
paintball	paintball
paintbrush	pinzell
painted	miżbugħa
painter	pittur
painting	pittura
pair	par
paisley	paisley
pajama	pajama
pajamas	piġami
pal	pal
palace	palazz
palatable	togħma tajba
palate	palat
pale	pallidu
paleontology	paleontoloġija
palette	paletta
pall	pall
palladium	palladju
pallet	pallet
palliative	palljattiva
palm	pala tal-palm
palmer	palmer
palomino	palomino
palpable	palpabbli
palpitations	palpitazzjonijiet
palsy	palsy
paltry	paltry
pamper	pamper
pamphlet	pamflet
pan	pan
panacea	rimedju
panache	panache
pancake	pancake
pancakes	pancakes
pancreas	frixa
panda	panda
pandemic	pandemija
pandemonium	pandemonium
pane	ħġieġa
panel	panel
pang	NO TRANSLATION
panhandle	panhandle
panic	paniku
panicattack	NO TRANSLATION
panicked	imwerwra
panicking	paniku
panicky	panicky
panier	NO TRANSLATION
panorama	panorama
panoramic	panoramiċi
pansy	pansy
pant	pant
pantheon	pantheon
panther	panther
panties	qliezet ta 'taħt
pantomime	pantomime
pantry	Pantry
pants	pants
panty	panty
pantyhose	pantyhose
pap	pap
papa	papa
papacy	papacy
papal	NO TRANSLATION
papaya	papaja
paper	karta
paperback	burokrazija
paperboy	paperboy
paperweight	piż tal-karti
paperwork	burokrazija
paprika	paprika
papyrus	papiro
par	NO TRANSLATION
parable	parabola
parabola	parabola
parabolic	parabolika
parachute	paraxut
parade	parata
paradigm	paradigma
paradise	paradijs
paradox	paradoss
paradoxical	paradossali
paraffin	paraffin
paragon	paragon
paragraph	paragrafu
parakeet	parakeet
paralegal	paralegal
parallax	parallax
parallel	parallel
parallelism	paralleliżmu
paralysis	paraliżi
paralyze	paralyze
paralyzed	paralizzati
paramedic	paramediku
paramedics	paramediċi
paramilitary	paramilitari
paramount	ferm importanti
paranoia	paranojja
paranoid	paranojde
paranormal	paranormal
parapet	parapett
paraphernalia	paraphernalia
paraphrase	parafrażi
paraplegic	paraplassi
parasite	parassita
parasitic	parassitiku
parasol	parasol
parcel	pakkett
parcels	pakketti
parched	parched
parchment	parċmina
pardon	maħfra
pare	NO TRANSLATION
parenchyma	parenkima
parent	ġenitur
parentage	parentela
parental	ġenituri
parenthesis	NO TRANSLATION
parenthetical	parentesi
parenthood	ġenituri
parenting	parenting
pariah	pariah
parietal	parietali
paring	paring
parish	parroċċa
parity	parità
park	park
parka	parka
parking	ipparkjar
parkinsons	parkinsoni
parlance	lingwaġġ
parlay	parlay
parliament	Parlament
parliamentary	parlamentari
parlor	parlor
parmesan	parmesan
parody	parodija
parole	parole
parquet	parquet
parrot	Pappagall
parry	parry
parse	parse
parsimonious	parsimonjuż
parsimony	parsimonija
parsley	tursin
parson	parson
part	parti
partake	sehem
partial	parzjali
partiality	parzjalità
partially	parzjalment
participant	parteċipant
participate	tipparteċipa
participation	parteċipazzjoni
particle	partiċella
particular	b'mod partikolari
particularity	partikolarità
particulars	dettalji
parting	firda
partisan	partisan
partisanship	partiġġjani
partition	diviżjoni
partly	parzjalment
partner	sieħeb
partnership	sħubija
partridge	perniċi
parts	partijiet
party	parti
pas	NO TRANSLATION
pass	pass
passable	passabbli
passage	passaġġ
passageway	passaġġ
passe	NO TRANSLATION
passenger	passiġġier
passim	NO TRANSLATION
passing	tgħaddi
passion	passjoni
passionate	passjonat
passive	passiv
passivity	passività
passkey	passkey
passport	passaport
password	password
past	passat
pasta	għaġin
paste	pejst
pastel	pastell
pastime	passatemp
pastor	ragħaj
pastrami	pastrami
pastry	għaġina
pasture	mergħa
pasty	pasty
pat	pat
patch	garża
patchwork	taħlita
pate	Patata
patella	patella
patent	privattiva
patented	privattiva
paternal	paternal
paternity	paternità
path	mogħdija
pathetic	pathetic
pathological	patoloġiku
pathologist	patologu
pathology	patoloġija
pathos	NO TRANSLATION
pathway	mogħdija
patience	paċenzja
patient	pazjent
patio	patio
patriarch	Patrijarka
patriarchal	patrijarkali
patrimony	patrimonju
patriot	patrijott
patriotic	patrijottiku
patriotism	patrijottiżmu
patrol	patrol
patrolman	patrolman
patron	patrun
patronage	patroċinju
patronising	patronizzazzjoni
patronize	patronize
patronizing	patronizzazzjoni
patter	patter
pattern	mudell
paucity	ftit li xejn
pauper	pauper
pause	nieqaf
pave	pavimentar
pavement	bankina
pavilion	pavilion
paving	pavimentar
paw	paw
pawn	pawn
pawnshop	pawnshop
pax	pax
pay	tħallas
payable	pagabbli
payback	ħlas lura
paycheck	paycheck
payday	Payday
payer	min iħallas
payload	tagħbija li tinġarr
payment	ħlas
payoff	payoff
payout	ħlas
payphone	payphone
payroll	pagi
pea	piżelli
peace	paċi
peaceable	paċifika
peaceful	paċifiku
peacefully	b'mod paċifiku
peacekeeper	peacekeeper
peaceofmind	NO TRANSLATION
peacetime	tul ta 'paċi
peach	ħawħ
peachy	peachy
peacock	peacock
peak	quċċata
peaked	laħaq il-quċċata
peanut	karawett
peanuts	karawett
pear	lanġas
pearl	perla
pearly	perla
peas	piżelli
peasant	peasant
peat	pit
pebble	pebble
pecan	pecan
peck	toqmar
pecker	pecker
peculiar	partikolari
peculiarities	Pekuljaretajiet
peculiarity	Pekuljaretà
peculiarly	B'mod partikolari
pecuniary	pekunjarjuż
pedal	pedala
pedantic	pedantic
peddle	peddle
peddler	bejjiegħ bl-imnut
pedestal	pedestall
pedestrian	pedestrian
pediatric	pedjatrika
pediatrician	pedjatra
pediatrics	pedjatrija
pedicure	pedikjur
pedigree	razza pura
pedometer	pedometer
pedophile	pedophile
pee	Pee
peek	peek
peekaboo	peekaboo
peel	qoxra
peep	peep
peeper	peeper
peephole	mirja
peer	peer
peering	peering
peerless	peerless
peeved	imqaxxar
peg	pinna
pegs	pinnijiet
peice	NO TRANSLATION
pelagic	pelaġiku
pelican	pelican
pellet	pellet
pelvic	pelvika
pelvis	pelvi
pen	pinna
penal	penali
penalty	piena
penance	penitenza
penchant	penchant
pencil	lapes
pendant	pendant
pendency	pendenza
pendent	NO TRANSLATION
pending	pendenti
pendulum	pendlu
penetrate	jippenetraw
penetrating	penetranti
penetration	penetrazzjoni
penguin	pingwin
penicillin	peniċillina
penile	pene
peninsula	peniżola
penis	pene
penitent	penitent
penitentiary	penitenza
penmanship	penmanship
pennant	pennant
penniless	penniless
penny	Penny
pension	pensjoni
pensioner	pensjonant
pensive	pensjonanti
pentagon	pentagonu
pentagram	pentagram
penthouse	Penthouse
penultimate	penultimate
people	in-nies
peopled	popli
pep	pep
pepper	bżar
peppermint	pepermint
pepperoni	pepperoni
peppy	peppy
peptic	peptiku
peptide	peptide
perceive	jipperċepixxu
percent	fil-mija
percentage	persentaġġ
percentile	perċentili
perceptible	perċettibbli
perception	perċezzjoni
perceptive	perċettivi
perch	Perch
perchance	kull ħaġa
percolation	perkolazzjoni
percussion	perkussjoni
perdition	perdition
peremptory	perentorju
perennial	perenni
perfect	perfetta
perfection	perfezzjoni
perfectionist	perfectionist
perfecto	NO TRANSLATION
perforated	imtaqqab
perforation	perforazzjoni
perforce	perforce
perform	twettaq
performance	prestazzjoni
performer	artist
perfume	fwieħa
perfumed	fwejjaħ
peri	peri
peridot	peridot
peril	periklu
perilous	perikoluż
perimeter	perimetru
period	perjodu
periodic	perjodiku
periodical	perjodiku
periodically	perjodikament
periodicity	perjodiċità
peripheral	periferali
periphery	periferija
periscope	periskopju
perish	tmut
perishable	li tista 'titħassar
perished	mietu
perishing	jitilfu
perjury	perjur
perk	Perk
perky	perky
perm	Perm
permanence	permanenza
permanent	permanenti
permeable	permeabbli
permeate	permeabbli
permeation	permeazzjoni
permissible	permissibbli
permission	permess
permissive	permissiv
permit	permess
permitted	permess
permitting	li jippermetti
permutation	permutation
pernicious	pernika
peroxide	perossidu
perpendicular	perpendikulari
perpetrate	twettaq
perpetrator	awtur
perpetual	perpetwu
perpetually	perpetually
perpetuate	tipperpetwa
perpetuation	perpetwazzjoni
perpetuity	perpetwa
perplexed	perplexed
perplexing	perplexing
perplexity	perplessità
persecute	jippersegwitaw
persecution	persekuzzjoni
perseverance	perseveranza
persevere	tippersisti
persist	jippersistu
persistence	persistenza
persistent	persistenti
persisting	persistenti
person	persuna
persona	NO TRANSLATION
personable	personable
personage	persuna
personal	personali
personality	personalità
personification	personifikazzjoni
personnel	persunal
persons	persuni
perspective	perspettiva
perspiration	għaraq
persuade	jipperswadu
persuasion	persważjoni
persuasive	konvinċenti
pert	pert
pertinent	pertinenti
perturbation	perturbazzjoni
pertussis	pertussis
perusal	skrutinju
peruse	peruse
pervading	pervading
perverse	pervers
perversion	perverżjoni
pervert	pervert
perverted	perverted
pesky	pesky
pessimism	pessimiżmu
pessimist	pessimist
pessimistic	pessimist
pest	pesti
pester	pester
pestilence	pestilenza
pestle	lida
pesto	pesto
pet	annimali domestiċi
petal	petali
petite	petite
petition	petizzjoni
petitioner	petizzjonant
petloss	NO TRANSLATION
petpeeve	NO TRANSLATION
petrified	petrifikat
petrify	petrify
petrol	petrol
petroleum	pitrolju
petticoat	petticoat
petting	petting
petty	żgħar
petulant	petulant
petunia	Petunia
pew	pew
pewter	pewter
peyote	NO TRANSLATION
phalanx	phalanx
phantom	phantom
pharaoh	pharaoh
pharmaceutical	farmaċewtika
pharmacist	spiżjar
pharmacology	farmakoloġija
pharmacy	farmaċija
phase	fażi
pheasant	faġan
phenomenal	fenomenali
phenomenon	fenomenu
pheromone	feromoni
phew	phew
phi	phi
philanthropic	filantropiku
philanthropist	philanthropist
philanthropy	filantropija
philistine	philistine
philosopher	filosfu
philosophic	filosofiku
philosophical	filosofiku
philosophy	filosofija
phlegm	phlegm
pho	pho
phobia	ksenofobija
phoenix	phoenix
phone	telefon
phonetic	fonetiku
phonetics	phonetics
phonics	phonics
phonograph	fonografu
phonology	fonoloġija
phony	phony
phooey	phooey
phosphate	fosfat
phosphor	fosforu
phosphorus	fosfru
photo	ritratt
photogenic	fotogeniċi
photograph	ritratt
photographer	fotografu
photographic	fotografiku
photography	fotografija
photometry	fotometrija
photon	foton
phrase	frażi
phraseology	fraġli
phylogeny	phylogeny
physical	fiżiku
physical therapist	terapista fiżiku
physician	tabib
physicist	fiżiku
physics	fiżika
physiological	fiżjoloġiku
physiology	fiżjoloġija
physique	physique
pi	pi
pianist	pjanista
piano	piano
piazza	piazza
piccolo	NO TRANSLATION
pick	pick
picked	qabad
picker	selettur
picket	picket
picketing	picketing
pickle	pickle
pickled	imnaddfin
pickpocket	pickpocket
pickup	Pickup
picky	picky
picnic	Picnic
pictorial	illustrati
picture	stampa
pictures	stampi
picturesque	pittoresk
pie	pie
piece	biċċa
piecemeal	parzjali
pieceofshit	biċċa ta 'xifer
pied	pied
pier	moll
pierce	titqib
piety	piety
pig	ħanżir
pigeon	ħamiem
piggy	piggy
piggyback	piggyback
pigheaded	pigheaded
piglet	ħanżir
pigment	pigment
pigskin	ġilda tal-ħanżir
pigsty	pigsty
pike	pike
pile	pile
piles	munzelli
pileup	pileup
pilgrim	pellegrin
pilgrimage	pellegrinaġġ
pill	pillola
pillage	pillage
pillar	pilastru
pillbox	pillbox
pillow	investi
pillowcase	pillowcase
pilot	pilota
pimp	pimp
pimple	pimple
pin	pin
pinball	pinball
pinch	pinch
pinching	toqros
pine	arżnu
pineapple	ananas
ping	ping
pinhead	pinhead
pinhole	pinhole
pinion	pinion
pink	roża
pinkie	pinkie
pinnacle	pinna
pinot	pinot
pinpoint	pinpoint
pint	pinta
pinto	pinto
pinup	Pinup
pioneer	pijunier
pious	pious
pip	pip
pipe	pajp
piped	piped
pipeline	pipeline
piper	piper
pipette	pipetta
piping	pajpijiet
pipsqueak	pipsqueak
pique	pique
piracy	piraterija
piranha	piranha
pirate	pirata
piscina	NO TRANSLATION
piss	piss
pissed	pissed
pissedoff	pissedoff
pisser	NO TRANSLATION
pissesmeoff	pissesmeoff
pissingmeoff	pissingmeoff
pissoff	pissoff
pistachio	pistaċċi
pistol	pistola
piston	pistun
pit	fossa
pita	pita
pitch	pitch
pitcher	pitcher
pitchfork	pitchfork
pitfall	iżvantaġġ
pith	pith
pithy	pithy
pitiful	pjaċevoli
pitted	imqaxxar
pitter	pitter
pituitary	pitwitarja
pity	ħasra
pivot	pivot
pivotal	kruċjali
pix	pix
pixie	Pixie
pizza	pizza
pizzazz	pizzazz
pizzeria	pizzeria
placard	kartellun
place	post
placebo	plaċebo
placement	tqegħid
placenta	plaċenta
placid	placid
placket	placket
plagiarism	plaġjariżmu
plague	pesta
plaid	plaid
plain	sempliċi
plainclothes	ħwejjeġ tal-qiegħ
plaintiff	attur
plaintive	inkwetanti
plan	pjan
plane	pjan
planes	ajruplani
planet	pjaneta
planetarium	Planetarium
planetary	planetarju
planets	pjaneti
plank	plank
plankton	plankton
planned	ippjanat
planner	Planner
planning	ippjanar
plant	pjanta
plantation	pjantazzjoni
planter	planter
planting	tħawwil
plaque	plakka
plasma	plażma
plaster	ġibs
plastic	plastik
plasticity	plastikità
plat	plat
plate	pjanċa
plateau	plateau
plated	indurati
platform	pjattaforma
plating	kisi
platinum	platinum
platonic	Platonic
platoon	peloton
platter	platter
plaudit	NO TRANSLATION
plausibility	plawżibilità
plausible	plausibbli
play	play
playa	Playa
playback	daqq
playbook	playbook
playboy	playboy
player	player
playful	jilgħab
playground	bitħa
playhouse	playhouse
playmate	ħabib
playoff	playoff
playpen	playpen
playroom	playroom
plaything	plaything
playtime	playtime
playwright	drammatur
plaza	plaza
plea	motiv
plead	jitolbu
pleasant	pjaċevoli
pleased	kuntent
pleasing	pjaċir
pleasurable	pja'evoli
pleasure	pjaċir
pleasures	pjaċiri
pleat	pleat
pleated	ippjegat
pledge	wegħda
pledged	mirhuna
plenary	plenarja
plentiful	abbundanti
plenty	bosta
plenum	plenum
plethora	pletora
plexus	plexus
pliable	li jista 'jitwaħħal
plication	plication
pliers	tnalji
plight	qagħda mwiegħra
plinth	plinth
plodding	tqarrib
plop	plop
plot	plott
plough	plow
ploughed	tinħarat
plover	plover
plow	plow
plowed	tinħarat
plowing	ħrit
ploy	manuvra
pluck	imnaddfa
plucky	pjaċir
plug	plug
plum	għanbaqar
plumage	plumage
plumb	plumb
plumber	plamer
plumbing	plaming
plume	plume
plummet	jaqgħu b'mod drastiku
plump	smin
plumper	plumper
plunder	jisirqu
plunge	għaddej
plunger	planġer
plural	plural
plurality	pluralità
plush	filpa
plutonium	plutonju
ply	ħxuna
plywood	plywood
pneumatic	pnewmatiku
pneumonia	pnewmonja
poacher	poacher
poachers	poachers
poaching	kaċċa illegali
pocket	but
pocketbook	ktieb tal-but
pocketful	pocketful
pod	NO TRANSLATION
podium	podju
poem	poeżija
poems	poeżiji
poet	poeta
poetic	poetiku
poetical	poetiku
poetics	poetiëi
poetry	poeżija
pogo	pogo
poignant	poignant
point	punt
pointedly	evidenti
pointer	pointer
pointless	inutli
pointy	pointy
poise	poise
poison	velenu
poisoned	enwinizzat
poisoning	avvelenament
poisonous	velenuż
poke	poke
poker	Poker
pokes	pokes
polar	polari
polarity	polarità
pole	arblu
polemic	polemika
police	pulizija
police officer	Pulizija
policeman	Pulizija
policewoman	policewoman
policy	politika
polio	poljo
polish	lustrar
polished	illustrat
polite	edukat
politeness	politezza
politic	politiku
political	politiku
politician	politikant
politics	politika
polity	politika
polka	polka
poll	stħarriġ
pollen	polline
polling	votazzjoni
pollute	jniġġes
pollution	tniġġis
polo	polo
poltergeist	poltergeist
polyester	poliester
polygamy	poligamija
polygon	poligonu
polygonal	poligonali
polygraph	poligraf
polymer	polimer
polymorphism	polimorfiżmu
pomp	pomp
pompous	pompous
poncho	Poncho
pond	għadira
ponder	ponder
ponderous	ponderous
pong	pong
pontiff	pontiff
pontificate	pontifikat
pontoon	pontoon
pony	poni
ponytail	ponytail
pooch	pooch
poodle	poodle
poof	Poof
pool	pool
poop	poop
poor	fqir
poorly	ħażin
pop	pop
popcorn	Popcorn
pope	poplu
popper	popper
poppy	peprin
poppycock	poppycock
popsicle	popsicle
popular	popolari
popularity	popolarità
popularized	popolarizzata
population	popolazzjoni
populous	popolati
porcelain	porċellana
porch	porch
porcupine	porcupine
pore	pori
pork	pork
porker	porker
porky	porky
porn	porn
porno	porno
pornographic	pornografiku
pornography	pornografija
porosity	porożità
porous	poruż
porridge	porridge
port	port
portable	portabbli
portage	portage
portal	portal
porter	porter
porterhouse	porterhouse
portfolio	portafoll
porthole	porthole
portico	portico
portion	porzjon
portrait	ritratt
portraiture	ritratt
portray	jpinġu
pose	joħolqu
poser	NO TRANSLATION
posh	posh
posited	ippreżentat
position	pożizzjoni
positioning	pożizzjonament
positive	pożittiv
positiveenergy	NO TRANSLATION
positively	b'mod pożittiv
positivity	pożittività
posse	posse
possess	jippossjedu
possessed	fil-pussess
possessing	li jkollu
possession	pussess
possessive	possessiv
possessor	pussessur
possibility	possibbiltà
possible	possibbli
possibly	possibbilment
possum	possum
post	post
postage	pustaġġ
postal	posta
postcard	kartolina
poster	poster
posterior	wara
posterity	posterità
posthumous	pormun
postman	pustier
postmortem	postmortem
postpone	tipposponi
postponed	posposta
postponement	posponiment
postscript	postscript
postulate	postulat
posture	qagħda
pot	pot
potable	potabbli
potassium	potassju
potato	patata
potatoes	patata
potency	qawwa
potent	potenti
potential	potenzjali
pothead	ras tal-pot
pothole	pothole
potion	potion
potluck	potluck
potpourri	potpourri
potted	fil-potted
potter	Potter
pottery	fuħħar
potty	potty
pouch	borża
poultry	tjur
pounce	pounce
pound	lira
pounding	tħabbat
pour	NO TRANSLATION
pout	pout
pouting	pouting
pouty	pouty
poverty	faqar
pow	pow
powder	trab
powdered	trab
powdery	trab
power	enerġija
powerful	qawwija
powerfully	qawwi
powerhouse	powerhouse
powerless	impotenti
powwow	powwow
pox	pox
practicable	prattikabbli
practical	prattiku
practically	prattikament
practice	prattika
practiced	ipprattikat
practise	prattika
practitioner	prattikant
pragmatic	pragmatiku
prairie	prairie
praise	tifħir
praised	faħħar
praisegod	NO TRANSLATION
praisejesus	NO TRANSLATION
praises	ifaħħar
praiseworthy	ta 'min ifaħħarha
praising	tifħir
prance	prance
prank	prank
prawn	Gambli
praxis	praxis
pray	nitolbu
prayer	talb
prayforme	talbet
praying	titolbu
praying mantis	jitolbu l-mantis
preach	jippridkaw
preacher	predikatur
preaching	predikazzjoni
preamble	preambolu
precarious	prekarju
precaution	prekawzjoni
precautionary	prekawzjoni
precede	tippreċedi
precedence	preċedenza
precedent	preċedent
preceding	qabel
precept	preċezzjoni
preceptor	preceptor
precession	preċessjoni
precinct	precinct
precincts	preċinti
precious	prezzjuż
precipice	qasma
precipitate	preċipitat
precipitation	preċipitazzjoni
precipitous	preċipitat
precise	preċiża
precisely	preċiżament
precision	preċiżjoni
preclude	tipprekludi
precocious	prekoċi
precursor	prekursur
predator	predatur
predatory	predatorji
predecessor	predeċessur
predicament	preokkupazzjoni
predicate	predikat
predict	ibassar
predictable	prevedibbli
predicting	tbassir
prediction	tbassir
predictive	tbassir
predictor	tbassir
predilection	predilezzjoni
predispose	jippredisposti
predisposed	predisposti
predisposition	predisposizzjoni
predominance	predominanza
predominant	predominanti
predominate	jippredominaw
preeminent	preeminenti
preemption	prevenzjoni
preemptive	preemptive
preface	prefazju
prefect	prefett
prefer	jippreferu
preferable	preferibbli
preference	preferenza
preferential	preferenzjali
prefix	prefiss
pregnancy	tqala
pregnant	tqila
prehistoric	preistoriċi
prejudice	preġudizzju
prejudiced	preġudikat
prejudicial	preġudizzjali
prelim	prelim
preliminary	preliminari
prelude	preludju
premarital	premarital
premature	prematur
prematurely	qabel iż-żmien
premed	premed
premeditated	premeditati
premier	premier
premiere	premiere
premise	premessa
premises	bini
premium	primjum
premonition	premonizzjoni
prenatal	qabel it-twelid
prenuptial	prenuptial
preoccupation	tħassib
preoccupied	inkwetata
prep	prep
preparation	preparazzjoni
preparatory	preparatorju
prepare	ipprepara
prepared	ippreparat
preparedness	tħejjija
preparer	preparatur
preparing	tħejjija
preponderance	preponderanza
preposterous	impossibbli
preppy	preppy
prerequisite	prerekwiżit
prerogative	prerogattiva
preschool	qabel l-iskola
prescient	prescient
prescribe	jippreskrivu
prescribed	preskritt
prescription	riċetta
prescriptive	preskrittiv
presence	preżenza
present	rigal
presentable	preżentabbli
presentation	preżentazzjoni
presenter	preżentatur
presentment	prezentazzjoni
presents	jippreżenta
preservation	preservazzjoni
preservative	preservattiv
preserve	tippreserva
preserved	ippreservat
preserving	preservazzjoni
preside	jippresjedi
presidency	presidenza
president	president
presidential	presidenzjali
press	agħfas
pressing	ippressar
pressure	pressjoni
prestige	prestiġju
prestigious	prestiġjuż
presto	presto
presume	jippresumi
presumption	preżunzjoni
presumptive	preżuntiva
presumptuous	preżuntiva
presuppose	tippresupponi
pretend	nippretendu
pretended	pretended
pretender	Pretender
pretending	feint
pretense	pretenzjoni
pretensions	pretensjonijiet
pretentious	pretentious
pretext	pretest
pretty	pretty
pretzel	pretzel
prevail	jipprevali
prevailing	prevalenti
prevalence	prevalenza
prevalent	prevalenti
prevent	jipprevjenu
preventative	preventiva
prevention	prevenzjoni
preventive	preventiva
preview	preview
previous	qabel
previously	qabel
prey	priża
price	prezz
priceless	prezzjuż
pricey	prezzjuż
prick	prick
prickly	xewk
pride	kburija
priest	qassis
priestess	priestess
priesthood	sacerdozju
priestly	qassisin
prig	Prig
prim	prim
prima	NO TRANSLATION
primacy	primat
primal	primal
primary	primarja
primate	primat
primates	primati
prime	prim
primed	ipprajmata
primer	primer
primeval	primeval
priming	priming
primitive	primittiv
primordial	primordjali
primrose	primula
prince	prinċep
princely	prinċipalment
princess	Princess
principal	prinċipal
principally	prinċipalment
principle	prinċipju
principles	prinċipji
print	istampar
printer	printer
printing	stampar
printout	ipprintja
prior	qabel
prioritize	prijoritizza
priority	prijorità
priory	priori
prism	priżma
prismatic	prismatiku
prison	ħabs
prisoner	priġunier
prissy	prissy
pristine	verġni
privacy	privatezza
private	privat
privately	privatament
privilege	privileġġ
privileged	privileġġjat
privy	privati
prize	premju
prized	apprezzat
pro	pro
proactive	proattiv
probability	probabbiltà
probable	probabbli
probate	probate
probation	probation
probationary	bi prova
probative	probatorju
probe	sonda
probing	probing
probity	probity
problem	problema
problematic	problematiku
procedural	proċedurali
procedure	proċedura
proceed	ipproċedi
proceeding	proċediment
proceeds	rikavat
process	proċess
processing	ipproċessar
procession	purċissjoni
processor	proċessur
proclaim	tipproklama
proclamation	proklamazzjoni
procrastinate	procrastinate
procrastination	procrastination
procreate	procreate
procreation	procreation
proctologist	Proctologist
proctor	prokuratur
procure	akkwist
procurement	akkwist
prod	prod
prodigal	prodigal
prodigious	prodigious
prodigy	prodigy
produce	tipproduċi
produced	prodott
producer	produttur
producing	produzzjoni
product	prodott
production	produzzjoni
productive	produttiv
productivity	produttività
profane	profane
profanity	profanity
profess	profess
profession	professjoni
professional	professjonali
professionalism	professjonaliżmu
professor	professur
professorship	professorship
proficiency	profiċjenza
proficient	profiċjenti
profile	profil
profiler	profilatur
profit	profitt
profitable	profittabbli
profound	profonda
profuse	profuse
profusion	profusion
prog	prog
progenitor	progenitor
progeny	wild
prognosis	pronjosi
prognostic	pronjostiku
program	programm
programme	programm
programmer	programmer
programming	ipprogrammar
progress	progress
progression	progressjoni
progressive	progressiva
prohibit	tipprojbixxi
prohibited	ipprojbit
prohibition	projbizzjoni
prohibitive	projbittiva
project	proġett
projectile	projettili
projectiles	projettili
projecting	ipproġettar
projection	projezzjoni
projector	proġekter
proletarian	proletarian
proletariat	proletariat
prolific	prolifiku
prologue	prologu
prolong	ittawwal
prolongation	titwil
prolonged	imtawwal
prom	promettenti
promenade	promenade
prominence	prominenza
prominent	prominenti
prominently	b'mod prominenti
promiscuity	promiskwità
promiscuous	promiscu
promise	wegħda
promising	promettenti
promissory	promissorju
promo	promo
promontory	promontorju
promote	jippromwovu
promoter	promotur
promotion	promozzjoni
promotional	promozzjonali
prompt	fil-pront
prompting	tħeġġeġ
promulgate	jippromulga
promulgation	promulgazzjoni
prone	suxxettibbli
prong	idejn
pronounce	tippronunzja
pronounced	ppronunzjata
pronouncement	dikjarazzjoni
pronto	NO TRANSLATION
pronunciation	pronunzja
proof	prova
prop	prop
propaganda	propaganda
propagate	propagazzjoni
propagation	propagazzjoni
propane	propan
propel	jimbotta
propelled	imbuttat
propeller	iskrun
propelling	propulsjoni
propensity	propensità
proper	xieraq
property	proprjetà
prophecy	profezija
prophesy	profezija
prophet	profeta
prophetic	profetiku
prophylactic	profilattiċi
prophylaxis	profilassi
proportion	proporzjon
proportional	proporzjonali
proportionate	proporzjonat
proportions	proporzjonijiet
proposal	proposta
propose	tipproponi
proposition	proposition
proprietary	proprjetarju
proprietor	proprjetarju
proprietorship	sjieda
propriety	propriety
propulsion	propulsjoni
prose	prosa
prosecute	prosekuzzjoni
prosecution	prosekuzzjoni
prosecutor	prosekutur
prospect	prospett
prospection	prospettar
prospective	prospettiv
prospectively	b'mod prospettiv
prospector	prospettur
prospectus	prospett
prosper	prosperu
prosperity	prosperità
prosperous	prosperu
prostate	prostata
prosthetic	prostetiku
prostitute	prostituta
prostitution	prostituzzjoni
prostrate	prostrate
protagonist	protagonist
protect	tipproteġi
protected	protett
protecting	protezzjoni
protection	protezzjoni
protective	protettiva
protector	protettur
protein	proteina
protest	protesta
protestant	protestant
protocol	protokoll
proton	proton
prototype	prototip
protozoa	protozoa
protracted	fit-tul
protrude	jisporġu 'l barra
protrusion	sporġenza
proud	kburi
prove	tipprova
proven	ippruvat
proverb	qawl
proverbial	proverbial
provide	jipprovdu
provided	ipprovdut
providence	providenza
provider	fornitur
providing	jipprovdu
province	provinċja
provincial	provinċjali
provision	dispożizzjoni
provisional	proviżorju
provisionally	proviżorjament
provisions	dispożizzjonijiet
proviso	proviso
provocation	provokazzjoni
provocative	provokattiva
provoke	jipprovokaw
provoked	ipprovokat
provoking	provokanti
provost	provost
prowess	prowess
prowl	prowl
prowler	prowler
proximal	prossimali
proximate	qrib
proximity	prossimità
proxy	prokura
prude	prude
prudence	prudenza
prudent	prudenti
prune	prune
pruning	żbir
pry	pry
prying	prying
psalm	Salm
psalms	Salmi
pseudo	psewdo
pseudonym	psewdonimu
psi	psi
psoriasis	psorjasi
psych	psych
psyche	psyche
psychedelic	psikjateliku
psychiatric	psikjatrika
psychiatrist	psikjatra
psychiatry	psikjatrija
psychic	psikika
psychical	psikika
psychics	psychics
psycho	psiko
psychoanalysis	psikoanalisi
psychoanalyst	psikoanalista
psychobabble	psychobabble
psychological	psikoloġiku
psychologist	psikologu
psychology	psikoloġija
psychopath	psychopath
psychopathic	psikopatiku
psychosis	psikosi
psychosomatic	psikosomatiċi
psychotherapy	psikoterapija
psychotic	psikotiku
pterodactyl	pterodactyl
ptsd	ptsd
pub	pub
puberty	pubertà
pubes	pubes
pubescent	pubescent
pubic	pubika
public	pubbliku
publication	pubblikazzjoni
publicist	pubblikatur
publicity	pubbliċità
publicly	pubblikament
publicspeaking	NO TRANSLATION
publish	tippubblika
published	ippubblikat
publisher	pubblikatur
publishing	pubblikazzjoni
puck	Puck
pucker	Pucker
pudding	pudina
puddle	puddle
pudgy	pudgy
puff	puff
puffing	puffing
puffy	nefħa
pug	pug
puke	puke
pull	iġbed
pulley	taljola
pullover	pullover
pulmonary	pulmonari
pulp	polpa
pulpit	pulpit
pulsar	pulsar
pulsation	pulsazzjoni
pulse	polz
puma	puma
pump	pompa
pumped	ippumpjat
pumpkin	qara ħamra
pun	NO TRANSLATION
punch	punch
punched	ippanċjat
punching	ippanċjar
punchy	punchy
punctual	puntwali
punctuality	puntwalità
punctually	puntwalment
punctuation	punteġġjatura
puncture	titqib
pundit	pundit
pungent	pungent
punish	jikkastigaw
punishable	punibbli
punished	ikkastigat
punishing	jikkastigaw
punishment	kastig
punitive	punittivi
punk	punk
punt	punt
puny	puny
pup	frieħ
pupil	studenti
puppet	pupazzi
puppeteer	puppeteer
puppy	ġeru
purchase	xiri
purchaser	xerrej
purchasing	xiri
pure	pura
purebliss	NO TRANSLATION
puree	purejiet
purely	purament
purgatory	purgatorju
purge	purga
purification	purifikazzjoni
purify	ippurifika
purist	purista
purity	purità
purple	vjola
purport	intenzjoni
purpose	iskop
purposely	intenzjonalment
purr	purr
purring	ħruq
purse	purse
pursuance	segwiment
pursue	issegwi
pursuing	isegwu
pursuit	insegwiment
purveyor	provveditur
purview	portata
pus	timbotta
push	imbotta
pusher	rmonk
pushing	imbuttar
pushover	pushover
pushy	pushy
puss	puss
pussy	pussy
pussycat	pussycat
put	tpoġġi
putative	putattiva
putrid	putruż
puts	tpoġġi
putt	Putt
putter	putter
putty	putty
puzzle	puzzle
puzzled	konfuż
puzzling	intelliġenti
pygmy	pygmy
pylon	piluna
pyramid	piramida
pyramidal	piramidali
pyrotechnics	piroteknika
python	python
quack	quack
quad	quad
quadrangle	quadrangle
quadrant	kwadrant
quadratic	kwadratiċi
quadrature	quadrature
quadruple	quadruple
quadrupole	quadrupole
quagmire	quagmire
quail	summien
quaint	indispensabbli
quake	terremot
qualifications	kwalifiki
qualified	kwalifikat
qualify	tikkwalifika
qualifying	jikkwalifika
qualities	kwalitajiet
quality	kwalità
quandary	klemenza
quantify	tikkwantifika
quantitative	kwantitattiv
quantitatively	b'mod kwantitattiv
quantity	kwantità
quantum	quantum
quarantine	kwarantina
quarrel	quarrel
quarry	barriera
quart	quart
quarter	kwart
quarterback	quarterback
quartered	kwartieri
quarterly	kull tliet xhur
quartermaster	quartermaster
quarters	kwarti
quartet	quartet
quartile	quartile
quarto	NO TRANSLATION
quartz	kwarz
quash	quash
quasi	kważi
quaternary	kwaternarju
quay	NO TRANSLATION
queasiness	kjuattività
queasy	queasy
queen	irġejjen
queer	queer
quell	quell
quench	tħaffef
query	mistoqsija
quest	tfittxija
question	mistoqsija
questionable	dubjuż
questioning	interrogazzjoni
questionnaire	kwestjonarju
queue	kju
queues	kjuwijiet
quibble	quibble
quiche	quiche
quick	malajr
quicken	ħeġġeġ
quickie	quickie
quickly	malajr
quickness	quickness
quicksand	quicksand
quicksilver	quicksilver
quid	quid
quiescent	quiescent
quiet	kwiet
quietly	clairière
quill	quill
quilt	quilt
quince	quince
quinine	kinina
quintet	quintet
quirk	quirk
quirky	quirky
quit	nieqaf
quits	quits
quitter	NO TRANSLATION
quiver	quiver
quivering	ħawwad
quiz	kwizz
quorum	quorum
quota	kwota
quotation	kwotazzjoni
quote	kwotazzjoni
quotes	kwotazzjonijiet
quotient	kwozjent
rabbi	rabbi
rabbit	fenek
rabble	rabble
rabid	rabid
rabies	rabja
raccoon	rakkun
race	razza
racehorse	żiemel tar-razza
racer	racer
racetrack	racetrack
racial	razzjali
racism	razziżmu
racist	razzista
rack	rack
racket	racket
racketeering	racketeering
racking	xkaffar
racquetball	racquetball
racy	żbilanċ
radar	radar
radial	radjali
radiance	radjanza
radiant	radjanti
radiate	radjate
radiation	radjazzjoni
radiator	radjatur
radical	radikali
radically	radikalment
radio	radju
radioactive	radjuattiv
radioactivity	radjuattività
radiograph	radjografu
radiography	radjografija
radiologist	radjologu
radiology	radjoloġija
radish	ravanell
radium	radju
radius	raġġ
radon	radon
raffle	raffle
raft	raft
rag	rag
rage	Rage
ragemode	ragemode
ragetweet	NO TRANSLATION
ragged	ragged
raggedy	raggedy
raging	qalb
rags	ċraret
ragtime	ragtime
raid	raid
raider	Raider
rail	ferrovija
railing	puġġaman
railroad	ferrovija
railway	ferrovija
raiment	raiment
rain	xita
rainbow	qawsalla
rainbow trout	trota qawsalla
rainbows	Rainbows
raincoat	raincoat
raindrops	xita tal-ilma
rainfall	xita
rainforest	foresta
rainmaker	rainmaker
rainstorm	xita ta 'xita
rainy	xita
rainyday	ġurnata bix-xita
raise	jgħollu
raised	imqajma
raisin	raisin
raising	kuxjenza
rake	rake
rally	rally
ram	ram
ramble	ramble
rambling	tbandil
ramp	rampa
rampage	rivoluzzjoni
rampant	rampanti
rampart	rampart
ramrod	ramrod
ranch	ranch
rancher	rancher
rancid	mogħdija
random	addoċċ
randomly	saltwarjament
randomness	każwali
randy	randy
range	firxa
ranger	ranger
rank	grad
ranking	klassifikazzjoni
ransom	fidwa
rant	arrestat
ranting	waqfien
rap	RAP
rape	stupru
rapid	mgħaġġel
rapidity	rapidità
rapids	rapids
rapist	rapist
rapper	raper
rapping	rapping
rapport	NO TRANSLATION
rapt	rapt
raptor	raptor
raptors	ragħwa
rapture	rapture
rare	rari
rarely	rari
rarity	rarità
rascal	rascal
rash	raxx
raspberries	lampun
raspberry	lampun
rat	far
ratchet	ratchet
rate	rata
ratification	ratifika
ratify	jirratifikawha
rating	klassifikazzjoni
ratio	proporzjon
ration	razzjoni
rational	razzjonali
rationale	raġuni fundamentali
rationalism	razzjonalità
rationality	razzjonalità
rationalize	razzjonalizzat
rationing	razzjonar
rattan	sufra
rattle	rattle
rattled	rattled
rattler	rattler
rattlesnake	qċaċet tal-fekruna
ratty	ratty
raucous	raucous
ravage	ravage
rave	rave
raven	raven
ravenous	ravenous
ravine	ravine
raving	raving
ravioli	ravioli
ravishing	ravishing
raw	nej
rawhide	rawhide
rawr	rawr
ray	ray
razor	leħja
reach	tilħaq
react	tirreaġixxi
reaction	reazzjoni
reactionary	reattivi
reactive	reattiv
reactor	reattur
read	aqra
reader	qarrej
readership	qarrejja
readily	faċilment
readiness	rieda
reading	qari
readjustment	aġġustament mill-ġdid
readout	Aqra
ready	lesta
readytogo	readytogo
reaffirm	tafferma mill-ġdid
reagent	reaġent
real	reali
realism	realiżmu
realist	realist
realistic	realistiku
reality	realtà
realization	realizzazzjoni
realize	tirrealizza
realm	isfera
realtor	realtor
realty	Realty
ream	ream
reap	jaħsdu
reaper	reaper
reappear	jerġgħu jitfaċċaw
rear	wara
rearrange	rranġati mill-ġdid
rearrangement	arranġament mill-ġdid
reason	raġuni
reasonable	raġonevoli
reasonableness	raġonevolezza
reasoning	raġunament
reasons	raġunijiet
reassemble	jerġgħu jingħaqdu
reassign	allinja mill-ġdid
reassignment	assenjament mill-ġdid
reassurance	riassigurazzjoni
reassure	tassigura
reassured	assigurat
reassuring	rassikuranti
rebate	roħs
rebel	ribelli
rebellion	ribelljoni
rebellious	rebellious
rebels	ribelli
rebirth	rebirth
reboot	reboot
reborn	reborn
rebound	rebound
rebuild	jerġgħu jinbnew
rebuke	rifjut
rebut	rifjut
rebuttal	réfuttal
recalcitrant	rrikantanti
recall	sejħa lura
recant	recant
recap	terġa 'tinkiteb
recapture	irkupru
recast	riformulazzjoni
recede	jirkupraw
receding	tirritorna
receipt	irċevuta
receipts	irċevuti
receive	jirċievu
received	riċevuti
receiver	riċevitur
receiving	jirċievu
recent	riċenti
receptacle	reċipjent
reception	riċeviment
receptionist	receptionist
receptive	riċettivi
receptor	riċettur
recess	recess
recesses	daħliet
recession	riċessjoni
recharge	recharge
recheck	terġa 'tiċċekkja
recherche	NO TRANSLATION
recidivism	reċidività
recipe	riċetta
recipient	reċipjent
reciprocal	reċiproka
reciprocate	jirreċiprokaw
reciprocity	reċiproċità
recital	premessa
recitation	recitation
recite	recite
reckless	imprudenti
recklessness	traskuraġni
reckon	Ikkalkola
reckoning	stima
reclaim	titlob lura
reclamation	riklamazzjoni
recline	jimteddu
reclining	reclining
recluse	recluse
recognition	rikonoxximent
recognizable	rikonoxxibbli
recognize	jirrikonoxxu
recognized	rikonoxxut
recoil	recoil
recollect	tifkira
recollection	tifkira
recombinant	rikombinanti
recombination	rikombinazzjoni
recommend	jirrakkomanda
recommendation	rakkomandazzjoni
recompense	rikompens
recon	tirrikonferma
reconcile	tirrikonċilja
reconciliation	rikonċiljazzjoni
reconfigure	tikkonfigura mill-ġdid
reconnaissance	tkixxif
reconnect	jerġgħu jingħaqdu
reconsider	terġa 'tikkunsidra
reconsideration	rikonsiderazzjoni
reconstitution	rikostituzzjoni
reconstruct	rikostruzzjoni
reconstruction	rikostruzzjoni
reconstructive	rikostruttiva
reconvene	jerġgħu jingħaqdu
record	rekord
recorder	reġistratur
recording	reġistrazzjoni
recount	recount
recoup	tirkupra
recourse	rikors
recover	tirkupra
recoverable	rekuperabbli
recovery	rkupru
recreate	jirrikreaw
recreation	rikreazzjoni
recreational	rikreattiv
recruit	jirreklutaw
recruiter	reklutaġġ
recruiting	reklutaġġ
recruitment	reklutaġġ
recruits	rekluti
rectal	rettal
rectangle	rettangolu
rectangular	rettangolari
rectification	rettifika
rectify	jirrettifika
rector	rettur
rectory	rettorja
rectum	rektum
recumbent	mimdud
recuperation	irkuprar
recur	terġa 'titfaċċa
recurrence	rikorrenza
recurrent	rikurrenti
recurring	rikurrenti
recursion	rikursjoni
recursive	recursive
recursively	b'mod recursiv
recycle	riċiklu
recycled	riċiklat
recycling	riċiklaġġ
red	aħmar
reddish	ħamrani
redecorate	redecorate
redeem	tifdi
redeemed	mifdija
redemption	fidi
redesign	disinn mill-ġdid
redhead	redhead
redheaded	redheaded
redirect	direzzjoni ġdida
redneck	redneck
redness	ħmura
redo	nirreferu
redress	rimedju
reduce	tnaqqas
reduced	imnaqqsa
reduction	tnaqqis
redundancy	redundancy
redundant	żejda
redwood	aħmar
reed	qasab
reef	sikka
reefer	reefer
reefs	sikek
reek	reek
reel	rukkell
reelection	reelezzjoni
reeling	tkebbib
reenactment	retenzjoni
reentry	dħul mill-ġdid
reestablish	terġa 'tiġi stabbilita
ref	ref
refer	irreferi
referee	arbitru
reference	referenza
referendum	referendum
referral	riferiment
refill	timla mill-ġdid
refine	tirfina
refined	raffinati
refinement	raffinar
refinery	raffinerija
refining	raffinar
refit	terġa 'tissettja
reflect	jirriflettu
reflecting	li jirrifletti
reflection	riflessjoni
reflective	jirriflettu
reflector	riflettur
reflex	rifless
reflux	rifluss
reform	riforma
reformation	riformazzjoni
reformer	riformatur
refraction	rifrazzjoni
refractor	refrattur
refractory	refrattorju
refrain	toqgħod lura
refraining	waqfien mill-ġdid
refresh	aġġornament
refreshed	aggornata
refreshing	iġjeniċi
refreshment	Aġġornament
refrigerate	friġġ
refrigeration	refriġerazzjoni
refrigerator	refriġeratur
refuel	fjuwil
refuge	refuġju
refugee	refuġjat
refund	rifużjoni
refurbish	immodernizzar
refusal	rifjut
refuse	jirrifjutaw
refused	rifjutata
refusing	rifjut
refutation	refutazzjoni
refute	jirribatti
regain	terġa 'tikseb
regal	regal
regalia	regalia
regard	rigward
regatta	regatta
regency	regency
regenerate	jirriġeneraw
regeneration	riġenerazzjoni
regent	Regent
reggae	reggae
regime	reġim
regimen	reġimen
regiment	reġiment
regimental	regimentali
region	reġjun
regional	reġjonali
regionalism	reġjonaliżmu
register	jirreġistraw
registrar	reġistratur
registration	reġistrazzjoni
registry	reġistru
regress	rigress
regression	rigressjoni
regressive	regressiva
regret	dispjaċir
regretful	dispjaċir
regrettable	ta 'dispjaċir
regretted	iddispjaċih
regretting	jiddispjaċih
regroup	jerġgħu jingħaqdu
regular	regolari
regularity	regolarità
regulars	regolari
regulate	jirregola
regulated	regolati
regulation	regolament
regulator	regolatur
regulatory	regolatorju
regurgitation	regurgitation
rehab	rehab
rehabilitate	riabilitazzjoni
rehabilitation	rijabilitazzjoni
rehash	rehash
rehearsal	rehearsal
rehearse	indaqs
reign	renju
reigning	renjanti
reimburse	jirrimborża
reimbursement	rimborż
rein	ir-rieda
reincarnation	reinkarnazzjoni
reindeer	renna
reinforce	isaħħu
reinforcement	rinfurzar
reinforcements	rinforzi
reins	riedni
reinstall	terġa 'tinstalla
reinstate	terġa 'tiddaħħal
reinstatement	dħul mill-ġdid
reinvest	reinvest
reinvestment	investiment mill-ġdid
reiterate	terġa 'ttenni
reject	tirrifjuta
rejected	miċħuda
rejection	ċaħda
rejects	jirrifjuta
rejoice	tiċċelebra
rejoicing	rejoicing
rejoin	terġa 'tingħaqad
rejuvenate	nifs ġdid
rejuvenated	rejuvenated
rekindle	jerġgħu jinbdew
relapse	rikaduta
relate	jirrelataw
related	relatati
relation	relazzjoni
relationship	relazzjoni
relative	qarib
relativity	Relatività
relax	irrilassa
relaxant	rilassant
relaxation	rilassament
relaxed	rilassat
relaxing	illaxkar
relay	relay
release	rilaxx
released	rilaxxat
relegation	relegazzjoni
relentless	bla waqfien
relevance	rilevanza
relevancy	relevanza
relevant	relevanti
reliability	affidabilità
reliable	ta'min jafdah
reliance	dipendenza
relic	reliġjon
relics	fdalijiet mill-ġdid
relief	eżenzjoni
relieve	ittaffi
relieved	meħlus
relieving	iserrħu
relight	relight
religion	reliġjon
religious	reliġjużi
relinquish	jirrinunzja
relish	relish
relive	relive
reload	jerġgħu jitgħabbew
relocate	rilokazzjoni
relocation	rilokazzjoni
reluctance	riluttanza
reluctant	riluttanti
rely	jiddependu
remain	jibqgħu
remainder	bqija
remaining	jibqa '
remains	jibqa '
remake	remake
remand	reklutaġġ
remark	rimarka
remarkable	notevoli
remarkably	b'mod notevoli
remarry	rimarki
rematch	reklamar
remedial	rimedju
remedy	rimedju
remember	ftakar
remembered	mfakkar
remembering	ftakar
remembrance	tifkira
remind	tfakkar
reminder	tfakkira
reminisce	jitkellmu
reminiscent	reminixxenti
reminiscing	reminixxenti
remiss	remiss
remission	remissjoni
remit	mandat
remittance	rimessa
remnant	fdal
remodel	remodel
remorse	remorse
remorseful	remorseful
remote	remoti
remoteness	distanza
removal	tneħħija
remove	neħħi
remover	remover
remuneration	remunerazzjoni
renaissance	rinaxximent
renal	renali
rencontre	NO TRANSLATION
rend	NO TRANSLATION
render	jagħmel
rendering	Rendering
rendezvous	rendezvous
rendition	konsenja
renegade	renegade
renegotiate	terġa 'tinnegozja
renew	jiġġedded
renewal	tiġdid
renounce	tirrinunzja
renovate	rinnovament
renovated	rinovat
renovation	rinovazzjoni
renown	fama
renowned	rinomata
rent	kera
rental	kiri
renter	kerrej
renunciation	rinunzja
reopen	terġa 'tiftaħ
reorganization	riorganizzazzjoni
reorganize	torganizza mill-ġdid
rep	rep
repaint	repaint
repair	tiswija
repairman	manutenzjoni
reparation	riparazzjoni
repay	lura
repayment	ħlas lura
repeal	revoka
repeat	irrepeti
repeated	ripetut
repeatedly	ripetutament
repeater	ripetitur
repel	jirripellaw
repellant	ripellanti
repellent	ripellant
repelling	repelling
repent	jindem
repentance	indiema
repentant	repentant
repertoire	repertorju
repertory	repertorju
repetition	ripetizzjoni
repetitive	ripetittivi
rephrase	riformulazzjoni
replace	ibdel
replacement	sostituzzjoni
replay	replay
replenish	jerġa 'jimla
replete	replete
replica	replika
replicate	replika
replication	replikazzjoni
reply	risposta
report	rapport
reported	irrappurtat
reporter	reporter
repose	repose
reposition	riposizzjoni
repository	repożitorju
repossess	ripatriza
reprehensible	reprensibbli
represent	tirrappreżenta
representation	rappreżentazzjoni
representative	rappreżentant
represented	irrappreżentat
representing	li jirrappreżenta
repress	repress
repressed	repressi
repression	ripressjoni
reprieve	tirrimedja
reprimand	ċanfira
reprint	Reprint
reprisal	ritrattazzjoni
reprise	reprise
reproach	kritika
reproduce	jirriproduċu
reproduction	riproduzzjoni
reproductive	riproduttiva
reprogram	ipprogrammar mill-ġdid
reptile	rettili
republic	repubblika
republican	Repubblikana
repudiation	rifjut
repugnance	dispjaċir
repugnant	repugnant
repulsion	repulsjoni
repulsive	repulsiv
repurchase	xiri mill-ġdid
reputable	ta 'fama tajba
reputation	reputazzjoni
repute	reputazzjoni
reputed	reputazzjoni
request	talba
requiem	requiem
require	jeħtieġu
required	meħtieġ
requirement	rekwiżit
requisite	meħtieġa
requisition	rekwiżizzjoni
reread	terġa 'tgħarraf
reroute	reroute
rerun	terġa 'tinbidel
reschedule	skedar mill-ġdid
rescind	tirrevoka
rescission	rexxissjoni
rescue	salvataġġ
research	riċerka
researcher	riċerkatur
resection	risezzjoni
resemblance	xebh
resemble	jixbħu
resembling	li jixbħu
resent	resent
resentful	resentful
resentment	riżentiment
reservation	riżerva
reserve	riżerva
reserved	riżervat
reserves	riżervi
reservoir	ġibjun
reset	reset
reside	jirrisjedu
residence	residenza
residences	residenzi
residency	residenza
resident	residenti
residential	residenzjali
residual	residwu
residue	residwu
resign	tirriżenja
resignation	riżenja
resigned	irriżenja
resilience	reżistenza
resilient	reżiljenti
resin	reżina
resist	jirreżistu
resistance	reżistenza
resistant	reżistenti
resisting	jirreżisti
resistive	reżistenza
resolute	deċiża
resolutely	b'mod riżolut
resolution	riżoluzzjoni
resolve	isolvu
resolved	risolti
resonance	reżonanza
resonant	reżonanti
resonate	resonate
resonator	resonatur
resort	jirrikorru
resounding	resounding
resource	riżors
resourceful	b'saħħtu
resources	riżorsi
respect	rispett
respectability	respectability
respectable	rispettabbli
respected	rispettati
respectful	b'rispett
respecting	jirrispetta
respective	rispettivi
respects	tirrispetta
respiration	respirazzjoni
respirator	respiratur
respiratory	respiratorju
respite	mistrieħ
resplendent	resplendent
respond	jirrispondu
respondent	intimat
response	tweġiba
responsibility	responsabbiltà
responsible	responsabbli
responsive	jirrispondu
rest	mistrieħ
restart	erġa ibda
restaurant	restorant
rested	mistrieħ
restful	mistrieħ
restitution	restituzzjoni
restless	bla kwiet
restlessness	irrekwitezza
restock	restock
restoration	restawr
restorative	restawr
restore	jirrestawraw
restored	restawrata
restoring	restawr
restrain	trażżan
restrained	mrażżna
restraining	trażżin
restraint	trażżin
restrict	jirrestrinġi
restricted	ristrett
restriction	restrizzjoni
restrictive	restrittivi
restroom	restroom
result	riżultat
resultant	riżultanti
resume	Kompli
resumption	tkomplija
resurrect	terġa 'titqajjem
resurrection	resurrection
resuscitate	resuscitate
resuscitation	risuxxitazzjoni
retail	bl-imnut
retailer	bejjiegħ bl-imnut
retain	iżommu
retainer	retainer
retaining	żamma
retake	jerġgħu jidħlu
retaliate	jirritaljaw
retaliation	ritaljazzjoni
retaliatory	ritaljazzjoni
retard	dewmien
retardation	ritardazzjoni
retarded	imdewwem
retards	dewmien
retention	żamma
retentive	retenzjoni
rethink	naħsbu mill-ġdid
reticent	reticent
retina	retina
retinal	retina
retire	jirtiraw
retired	irtirat
retirement	irtirar
retiring	jirtiraw
retold	retold
retort	twissija
retrace	retrace
retract	tinġibed lura
retraction	retrazzjoni
retractor	retractor
retreat	irtirar
retrenchment	trażżin
retrial	ġdid
retribution	retribuzzjoni
retrieval	irkupru
retrieve	irkuprata
retriever	retriever
retro	retro
retroactive	retroattiv
retrograde	retrograda
retrospect	retrospettiva
retrospective	retrospettiva
retrospectively	retrospettivament
return	ritorn
reunion	rijunjoni
reunite	jingħaqdu
reunited	miġbura mill-ġdid
rev	rev
reveal	jiżvelaw
revel	revel
revelation	rivelazzjoni
revelations	rivelazzjonijiet
revels	revels
revenge	revenge
revenue	dħul
reverberation	reverberazzjoni
revere	deher
reverence	reverence
reverend	reverend
reverent	reverent
reverie	reverie
reversal	treġġigħ lura
reverse	reverse
reversion	riversjoni
revert	nerġgħu lura
reverting	terġa 'lura
review	reviżjoni
reviewer	reviżur
revise	tirrevedi
revision	reviżjoni
revisit	nirrevedu
revival	qawmien mill-ġdid
revive	terġa titqajjem
revocation	revoka
revoke	tirrevoka
revolt	rewwixta
revolting	rewwixti
revolution	rivoluzzjoni
revolutionary	rivoluzzjonarju
revolutionize	revolutionize
revolve	dawwar
revolver	revolvers
revolving	li jduru
revue	revue
revulsion	revulsjoni
revving	revving
reward	premju
rewarding	ppremjati
rewind	rewind
rewire	rewire
rewrite	jikteb mill-ġdid
rhapsody	Rapsodia
rhetoric	retorika
rhetorical	retorika
rheumatism	rewmatiżmu
rhinestone	rhinestone
rhino	rhino
rhinoceros	rinoċeron
rhubarb	rabarbru
rhyme	rima
rhyming	rhyming
rhythm	ritmu
rhythmic	rhythmic
rhythmical	ritmiku
rib	kustilja
ribbed	irrigat
ribbon	żigarella
rice	ross
rich	sinjuri
riches	għana
richness	rikkezza
rick	rick
rickety	rickety
rickshaw	rickshaw
ricochet	ricochet
rid	rid
riddance	riddance
riddle	riddle
riddled	maħnuqa
ride	rikba
rider	rikkieb
ridge	linja
ridicule	ridicule
ridiculed	ridiculed
ridiculous	ridikolu
riding	riding
rife	miżgħud
riff	riff
riffraff	riffraff
rifle	xkubetta
rifleman	rifleman
rifles	xkubetti
rift	rift
rig	rig
rigged	armati
rigging	armar
right	dritt
righteous	ġust
righteousness	tjieba
rightful	leġittimu
rightly	bir-raġun
righty	ġust
rigid	riġidi
rigidity	riġidità
rigor	rigorożità
rigorous	rigoruż
rim	rimm
rind	qoxra
ring	ring
ringer	Ringer
ringing	tisfir
ringleader	mexxej
ringmaster	ringmaster
ringside	ringside
rink	rink
rinse	laħlaħ
riot	rewwixta
rioting	irvelli
riotous	riotous
riots	rewwixti
rip	RIP
riparian	riparju
ripe	misjur
ripen	jimmaturaw
ripening	maturazzjoni
ripper	ripper
ripple	tmewwiġ
rippling	rippling
rise	żieda
rising	qed jogħla
risk	riskju
risky	riskjuż
risotto	risotto
rite	rit
ritual	ritwali
ritualistic	ritualistic
rival	rivali
rivalry	rivalità
river	xmara
riverbank	Bank tax-xmara
riverbed	riverbed
riverboat	riverboat
rivet	irbattuti
riveted	irbattut
riveting	irbattar
roach	roach
road	triq
roadblock	roadblock
roadhouse	roadhouse
roadie	roadie
roadrage	NO TRANSLATION
roadrunner	roadrunner
roads	toroq
roadside	fit-triq
roadster	roadster
roadtrip	roadtrip
roadway	triq
roadworks	Xogħlijiet ta 'toroq
roam	jimirħu
roar	roar
roaring	roaring
roast	ixwi
roasted	inkaljat
rob	rob
robber	robber
robbery	serq
robe	Robe
robin	Robin
robot	robot
robotic	robotiku
robotics	robotika
robust	robusta
roc	roc
rock	blat
rocker	rocker
rocket	rokit
rocks	blat
rod	virga
rodent	gerriema
rodeo	Rodeo
roe	bajd
rogue	diżonest
role	rwol
roll	roll
roller	romblu
rollercoaster	rollercoaster
rollers	rombli
rollicking	rollicking
rolling	rolling
roman	Rumana
romance	rumanz
romantic	romantic
romanticism	romanticism
romp	romp
roof	saqaf
rooftop	rooftop
rook	rook
rookie	Rookie
room	kamra
roomful	kamra
roommate	roommate
rooms	kmamar
roomy	spazjuż
roost	roost
rooster	rooster
root	għeruq
root beer	birra tal-għeruq
rooted	għeruq
rope	ħabel
ropes	ħbula
rosary	rosarju
rose	żdied
rosemary	romarin
rosette	rosette
roster	roster
rosy	rosy
rot	taħsir
rota	rota
rotary	rotanti
rotate	dawwar
rotation	rotazzjoni
rote	rote
rotor	rotor
rotten	immuffat
rotting	taħsir
rotunda	rotunda
rouge	rouge
rough	mhux maħduma
roughly	bejn wieħed u ieħor
roughneck	roughneck
roughness	ħruxija
roulette	roulette
round	round
roundabout	roundabout
rounded	arrotondat
roundup	Roundup
rouse	rouse
rouser	rouser
rousing	tqanqil
rout	rout
route	rotta
routine	rutina
rove	rove
rover	rover
roving	roving
row	ringiela
rowboat	riħ tal-bnadar
rowdy	rowdy
rowing	qdif
royal	royal
royalty	royalty
rub	togħrok
rubber	gomma
rubbers	gomom
rubbing	tħakkik
rubbish	żibel
rubble	bjut
rubdown	rubdown
rubric	rubrika
ruby	ruby
ruckus	ruckus
rudder	tmun
ruddy	ruddy
rude	rude
rudeness	rudeness
rudimentary	rudimentali
rudiments	rudimenti
rue	rue
rueful	sod
ruff	ruff
ruffian	ruffian
ruffle	ruffle
rug	rug
rugby	rugby
rugged	imħatteb
ruin	rovina
ruination	ruination
ruined	ruined
ruinous	ruinous
ruins	fdalijiet
rule	regola
ruler	ħakkiem
ruling	deċiżjoni
rum	rum
rumba	Rumba
rumble	ħsejjes
rummage	rummage
rumor	rumor
rumored	rumored
rump	rump
rumpus	rumpus
run	run
runaround	runaround
runaway	runaway
rundown	iġri l-isfel
runes	runes
rung	skaluna
runner	runner
running	tmexxija
running shoes	żraben tal-ġiri
runny	ħelwa
runt	NO TRANSLATION
runway	runway
rupture	jinqasam
rural	rurali
ruse	NO TRANSLATION
rush	għaġla
rushing	rushing
rust	sadid
rusted	rusted
rustic	rustic
rustle	Rustle
rustler	rustler
rusty	rusty
rut	rut
ruth	Ruth
ruthless	bla ħniena
rye	segala
sabbatical	sabbatiku
saber	NO TRANSLATION
sable	sable
sabotage	sabotaġġ
saboteur	saboteur
sac	sac
sack	xkora
sacrament	sagrament
sacred	sagru
sacrifice	sagrifiċċju
sacrifices	sagrifiċċji
sacrificial	sacrificial
sacrilege	sagrilege
sacrilegious	sakrilegious
sad	imdejjaq
sadday	NO TRANSLATION
saddens	jidħlu
saddle	sarġ
sadist	sadist
sadistic	sádico
sadly	sfortunatament
sadness	dwejjaq
safari	safari
safe	sikur
safeguard	salvagwardja
safekeeping	salvagwardja
safety	sigurtà
saffron	żagħfran
sag	sag
saga	saga
sage	salvja
saggy	saggy
sail	qlugħ
sailboat	sailboat
sailing	tbaħħir
sailor	baħri
saint	qaddis
sainted	qaddis
saintly	qaddis
sake	raġuni
salad	insalata
salamander	Salamun
salami	salami
salary	salarju
sale	bejgħ
salesgirl	salesgirl
salesman	bejjiegħ
salient	saljenti
saline	salina
saliva	saliva
sally	sally
salmon	salamun
salmonella	salmonella
salon	salon
saloon	saloon
salsa	Salsa
salt	melħ
salted	immellaħ
saltwater	ilma mielaħ
salty	mielaħ
salutary	salutary
salutation	salutation
salute	salute
salvage	salvataġġ
salvation	salvazzjoni
salve	salve
samba	samba
sameness	daqsxejn
sample	kampjun
samurai	samurai
sanatorium	sanatorju
sanctification	qdusija
sanctified	sanctified
sanctify	sanctify
sanctimonious	sanctimonious
sanction	sanzjoni
sanctioned	sanzjonat
sanctity	qdusija
sanctuary	santwarju
sanctum	sanctum
sand	ramel
sandal	sandlija
sandbox	sandbox
sander	sander
sandman	Sandman
sandpaper	sandpaper
sands	ramel
sandstorm	tempesta tar-ramel
sandwich	sandwich
sandy	ramlija
sane	san
sanguine	sanguine
sanitarium	sanitarium
sanitary	sanitarji
sanitation	sanità
sanity	sanità
sans	NO TRANSLATION
santa	santa
sap	sap
sapiens	sapiens
sapphire	żaffir
sappy	sappy
sarcasm	sarcasm
sarcastic	sarkastiku
sarcoma	sarkoma
sarcophagus	sarkofagu
sardine	sardin
sardonic	sardoniċi
sarsaparilla	sarsaparilla
sash	sash
sashimi	sashimi
sassafras	sassafras
sassy	sassy
satanic	sataniku
satchel	satchel
sate	NO TRANSLATION
satellite	satellita
satin	satin
satire	satire
satirical	satiriku
satisfaction	sodisfazzjon
satisfactorily	b'mod sodisfaċenti
satisfactory	sodisfaċenti
satisfied	sodisfatt
satisfy	jissodisfaw
satisfying	li tissodisfa
saturate	saturat
saturated	saturati
saturation	saturazzjoni
satyr	satyr
sauce	zalza
saucepan	saucepan
saucer	saucer
saucy	saucy
sauerkraut	sauerkraut
sauna	sawna
sausage	zalzett
savage	savage
savagery	savagery
savanna	savana
savannah	Savannah
savant	savant
save	ħlief
saver	saver
saving	tfaddil
savings	tfaddil
savior	savior
savor	savor
savory	savoury
savvy	sofistikati
saw	raw
sawdust	serratura
sawmill	isserrar
sax	sax
saxophone	saxophone
say	jiġifieri
sayonara	NO TRANSLATION
scab	scab
scabbard	ċinturin
scaffold	scaffold
scaffolding	scaffolding
scalding	smit
scale	skala
scales	skali
scallop	arzella
scalp	qurriegħa
scalpel	skalpell
scaly	skaly
scam	frodi
scamp	scamp
scampi	scampi
scan	scan
scandal	iskandlu
scandalous	skandaluż
scanner	skaner
scanty	ftit
scape	skape
scapegoat	tifħir
scar	ċikatriċi
scarab	scarab
scarce	skarsi
scarcely	bilkemm
scarcity	iskarsezza
scare	biża
scarecrow	scarecrow
scared	jibża '
scares	beżgħat
scarf	xalpa
scarier	aktar scarier
scariest	scariest
scarlet	scarlet
scary	scary
scat	scat
scatter	tifrix
scattered	mifruxa
scattering	tifrix
scavenger	kennies
scenario	xenarju
scene	xena
scenery	xenarju
scenic	xeniċi
scent	riħa
scented	fwejjaħ
scepter	scepter
sceptical	xettiċi
scepticism	xettiċiżmu
schadenfreude	schadenfreude
schedule	iskeda
schematic	skematiku
scheme	skema
schilling	schilling
schism	schism
schizophrenia	skizofrenija
schizophrenic	skiżofreniku
schlep	schlep
schmuck	NO TRANSLATION
schnapps	schnapps
schnitzel	schnitzel
scholar	studjuż
scholarly	akkademiku
scholarship	borża ta 'studju
scholastic	skolastiku
school	iskola
schoolboy	schoolboy
schoolgirl	iskola tal-iskola
schoolhouse	skola
schooling	skola
schoolmaster	għalliem ta 'l-iskola
schoolteacher	NO TRANSLATION
schoolwork	xogħol tal-iskola
schoolyard	skola tal-iskola
schooner	schooner
sciatica	xjatika
science	ix-xjenza
scientific	xjentifiku
scientist	xjentist
scifi	scifi
scintilla	NO TRANSLATION
scintillating	li jpetpet
scintillation	ċinturin
scintillator	xintillatur
scion	skion
scissors	imqassijiet
scoff	scoff
scold	scold
scolding	scolding
scone	scone
scoop	sassla
scoot	scoot
scooter	scooter
scope	ambitu
scorch	scorch
scorching	xkat
score	punteġġ
scoreboard	tabella ta 'valutazzjoni
scorer	skorer
scores	punteġġi
scorn	scorn
scorned	scorned
scornful	scornful
scorpion	scorpion
scotch	Scotch
scoundrel	scoundrel
scour	skour
scourge	pjaga
scout	Scout
scowl	scowl
scrabble	scrabble
scram	scram
scramble	ġirja
scrambled	mgħaġġel
scrambler	scrambler
scrambling	scrambling
scrap	ruttam
scrapbook	scrapbook
scrape	jinbarax
scrapie	scrapie
scraping	brix
scrappy	scrappy
scratch	scratch
scratchy	scratchy
scrawny	scrawny
scream	scream
screamer	screamer
screaming	screaming
screech	screech
screen	iskrin
screening	screening
screenplay	screenplay
screenwriter	screenwriter
screw	bil-kamin
screwball	screwball
screwdriver	tornavit
screwed	invitat
screwy	bil-kamin
screwyou	NO TRANSLATION
scribble	scribble
scribe	scribe
scrimmage	scrimmage
scrip	skrip
script	kitba
scriptural	skritturali
scripture	Iskrittura
scroll	scroll
scrotum	scrotum
scrounge	scrounge
scrounger	scrounger
scrub	Scrub
scruffy	skruffy
scrumptious	scrumptious
scrupulous	skrupluż
scrutinize	skrutinizza
scrutiny	iskrutinju
scuba	scuba
scuff	scuff
scuffle	scuffle
scullery	scullery
sculptor	skultur
sculpture	skultura
sculptured	illustrat
scum	scum
scumbag	scumbag
scurry	scurry
scurvy	scurvy
scuttle	scuttle
sea	baħar
seaboard	seaboard
seafood	frott tal-baħar
seagull	seagull
seal	siġill
seals	siġilli
seam	ħjata
seaman	baħri
seamless	mingħajr saldatura
seamstress	ħjata
seaport	port tal-baħar
sear	sear
search	tfittxija
searching	tiftix
searchlight	tfittxija
seared	seared
seashore	xatt tal-baħar
seasick	seasick
seaside	baħar
season	istaġun
seasonal	staġjonali
seasoned	imħawwar
seasoning	tħawwir
seat	sedil
seatbelt	ċinturin tas-sigurta
seating	bilqiegħda
seawater	ilma baħar
seaweed	alka tal-baħar
sec	seg
secession	seċessjoni
secluded	secluded
seclusion	sekwestru
second	it-tieni
second cousin	ku sekondarju
secondary	sekondarja
secondhand	it-tieni
secrecy	segretezza
secret	sigriet
secretariat	segretarjat
secretary	segretarju
secrete	segrex
secretion	sekrezzjoni
secretive	sigriet
secretly	segretament
sect	setta
sectarian	settariċi
section	sezzjoni
sectional	sezzjonali
sector	settur
secular	sekulari
secularism	sekulariżmu
secure	sikur
securities	titoli
security	sigurtà
sedan	NO TRANSLATION
sedate	sedate
sedation	sedazzjoni
sedative	sedattiv
sedentary	sedentarja
sedge	sedge
sediment	sediment
sedimentary	sedimentarju
sedition	sedizzjoni
seduce	seduce
seducer	seducer
seducing	seducing
seduction	seduzzjoni
seductive	seductive
see	ara
seed	żerriegħa
seedling	nebbieta
seeds	żrieragħ
seedy	seedy
seek	tfittex
seeker	persuna tfittex
seem	jidhru
seemingly	apparentement
seer	seer
seesaw	ħawwad
seething	għawwiema
segment	segment
segregate	segregat
segregated	segregat
segregation	Segregazzjoni
seismic	sismiku
seize	jaħtfu
seizure	sekwestru
seldom	rari
select	agħżel
selection	għażla
selective	selettiv
selectman	selectman
selenium	selenju
self	awto
selfharm	NO TRANSLATION
selfish	egoist
selfishness	egoiżmu
selfless	selfless
selflove	NO TRANSLATION
selfworth	NO TRANSLATION
sell	ibigħu
seller	bejjiegħ
sellout	sellout
seltzer	seltzer
semantics	semantika
semaphore	semafori
semblance	semblance
semen	semen
semester	semestru
semi	semi
semiautomatic	NO TRANSLATION
semicolon	punt u virgola
seminal	seminali
seminar	seminar
seminary	seminarju
semiotics	semjotika
senate	Senat
senator	senatur
send	Ibgħat
sender	min jibgħat
senescence	senezza
senile	senile
senior	anzjani
seniority	anzjanità
senor	senor
senorita	senorita
sensation	sensazzjoni
sensational	sensazzjonali
sense	sens
senseless	bla sens
senses	sensi
sensibility	sensibilità
sensible	sensibbli
sensibly	b'mod sensibbli
sensitive	sensittiv
sensitivity	sensittività
sensor	sensor
sensory	sensorja
sensual	senswali
sensuality	sensuality
sensuous	sensu
sentence	sentenza
sentencing	sentenza
sentient	sensient
sentiment	sentiment
sentimental	sentimentali
sentimentality	sentimentali
sentinel	sentinella
sentry	sentry
separable	separabbli
separate	separati
separately	separatament
separation	separazzjoni
separatist	separatist
sepia	sepia
sepsis	sepsis
sept	sept
septic	settiku
septum	septum
sequel	segwiment
sequence	sekwenza
sequent	sussegwenti
sequestered	sekwestrat
sequestration	sekwestru
serenade	serenade
serendipity	serendipity
serene	serene
serenity	serenità
sergeant	sergeant
serial	serjali
serialize	serialize
series	serje
serif	serif
serious	serju
seriousness	serjetà
sermon	priedka
serpent	serp
serpentine	serpentine
serrated	bis-snien
serum	serum
servant	ħaddiem
serve	iservu
server	server
service	servizz
serviceable	li jista 'jintuża
servile	servili
servitude	servitù
sesame	ġulġlien
sess	NO TRANSLATION
session	sessjoni
sessions	sessjonijiet
set	sett
setback	inżul
sett	NO TRANSLATION
setter	setter
settle	toqgħod
settled	kostanti
settlement	settlement
settler	settler
settlor	settlor
setup	setup
seven	seba '
seventeen	sbatax
seventh	seba '
seventy	sebgħin
sever	qtugħ
severable	separabbli
severally	separatament
severance	firda
severe	severa
severely	severament
severity	severità
sew	sew
sewage	drenaġġ
sewer	dranaġġ
sewerage	drenaġġ
sewing	ħjata
sex	sess
sexist	sessista
sexual	sesswali
sexuality	sesswalità
sexy	sexy
shabby	shabby
shack	shack
shackle	shackle
shade	dell
shades	sfumaturi
shading	dell
shadow	dell
shadowy	shadowy
shady	dellija
shaft	xaft
shag	shag
shaggy	shaggy
shake	ħawwad
shakedown	shakedown
shaken	jitħawwad
shaker	shaker
shaking	tħawwad
shaky	dgħajfa
shall	għandu
shallow	baxx
shallows	qiegħ baxx
sham	fittizja
shaman	shaman
shambles	shambles
shame	mistħija
shamed	shamed
shameful	mistħija
shameless	shameless
shampoo	shampoo
shanghai	f'Shanghai
shank	shank
shanty	shanty
shape	forma
shapely	shapely
shard	shard
share	sehem
shareholder	azzjonist
sharing	qsim
shark	kelb il-baħar
sharp	qawwi
sharpen	tiffoka aktar
sharpened	sannata
sharpener	shrinkener
sharpness	qawwa
sharpshooter	sharpshooter
shatter	tifrik
shattered	għerqu
shattering	tifrik
shave	tqaxxar
shaver	leħja
shaving	tqaxxir
shawl	shawl
sheaf	sheaf
shear	shear
shears	qrieweż
sheath	għant
sheathing	kisi
shed	barrakka
sheen	ileqq
sheep	nagħaġ
sheepdog	sheepdog
sheepish	nagħaġ
sheer	taqwis
sheet	folja
sheik	sheik
shelf	ixkaffa
shell	qoxra
shellfish	frott tal-baħar
shelling	qoxra
shelter	kenn
sheltered	protett
shelters	kenn
shelved	imqaxxra
shepherd	ragħaj
sherbet	sherbet
sheriff	sheriff
sherry	sherry
shield	tarka
shift	bidla
shifting	ċaqliq
shifty	shifty
shilling	shilling
shimmer	shimmer
shimmering	shimmering
shimmy	shimmy
shin	il-qasba tas-sieq
shindig	shindig
shine	shine
shiner	shiner
shingle	shingle
shining	brillanti
shiny	tleqq
ship	vapur
shipment	vjeġġ
shipping	tbaħħir
shipshape	forma ta 'vapur
shipwreck	nawfraġju
shipyard	tarzna
shire	shire
shirt	shirt
shit	shit
shitday	NO TRANSLATION
shitfaced	shitfaced
shithead	shithead
shitless	shitless
shitload	shitload
shittest	NO TRANSLATION
shitty	shitty
shiver	shiver
shivering	shivering
shoals	shoals
shock	xokk
shocked	ixxukkjat
shocker	shocker
shocking	xokkanti
shockingly	xokkanti
shoddy	shoddy
shoe	żarbun
shoelace	shoelace
shoemaker	shoemaker
shoes	żraben
shoeshine	żraben
shook	ħadlu
shoot	rimja
shooter	shooter
shooting	isparar
shootout	shootout
shop	ħanut
shopkeeper	shopkeeper
shoplifter	shoplifter
shoplifting	ħanut tal-ħwienet
shopper	shopper
shopping	xiri
shore	shore
shoreline	xatt
shorn	shorn
short	qosra
short story	storja qasira
shortage	nuqqas
shortcake	shortcake
shortcoming	nuqqas
shortcut	shortcut
shorten	tqassar
shortening	tqassir
shorthand	shorthand
shortly	dalwaqt
shortness	qtugħ
shorts	shorts
shortstop	shortstop
shortwave	shortwave
shot	sparatura
shotgun	shotgun
shoulder	ispalla
shout	shout
shove	shove
shovel	pala
shoveling	shoveling
show	juru
showbiz	showbiz
showboat	showboat
showcase	vetrina
showdown	Showdown
shower	doċċa
showgirl	showgirl
showing	li turi
showoff	showoff
showroom	vetrina
showy	showy
shrapnel	shrapnel
shred	shred
shrew	shrew
shrewd	shrewd
shriek	shriek
shrill	shrill
shrimp	gambli
shrine	shrine
shrink	tiċkien
shrinking	tnaqqis
shrivel	shrivel
shroud	shroud
shrub	arbuxxell
shrubbery	shrubbery
shrug	shrug
shrunk	naqsu
shrunken	imqabbża
shudder	shudder
shuddering	għawwiem
shuffle	shuffle
shuffleboard	shuffleboard
shuffling	tpartit
shun	tevita
shunned	injorat
shunt	shunt
shut	għalaq
shutdown	għalaq
shuteye	NO TRANSLATION
shutit	NO TRANSLATION
shutter	shutter
shuttle	shuttle
shutup	NO TRANSLATION
shy	jitmeżmżu
shyness	shyness
shyster	shyster
sib	NO TRANSLATION
sibling	aħwa
sic	sic
sick	morda
sickbay	sickbay
sicken	sicken
sickening	sickening
sickle	sickle
sickly	morda
sickness	mard
side	ġenb
sidearm	sidearm
sidebar	sidebar
sideboard	sideboard
sideburns	barbuni tal-ġnub
sidecar	sidecar
sidekick	Sidekick
sideline	tqassim sekondarju
sideshow	sideshow
sidestep	sidestep
sidewalk	bankina
sideways	lejn il-ġenb
sidewinder	ħitan tal-ġenb
siege	assedju
siesta	siesta
sieve	għarbiel
sift	ffiltrati
sifting	tgħarbil
sigh	daqqa
sight	vista
sighting	avvistament
sightseeing	sightseeing
sigma	sigma
sign	sinjal
signal	sinjal
signature	firma
significance	sinifikat
significant	sinifikanti
signification	sinifikat
signify	ifisser
signpost	tabella
silence	silenzju
silencer	silencer
silent	siekta
silently	skiet
silhouette	siluwett
silicon	silikon
silicone	silikon
silk	ħarir
silken	silken
silky	ħarir
sill	soll
silliness	silliness
silly	iblah
silo	silo
silt	silt
silver	fidda
silverware	fidda
silvery	fidda
similar	simili
similarity	xebh
simile	NO TRANSLATION
simmer	simmer
simmering	simmering
simple	sempliċi
simples	NO TRANSLATION
simpleton	simpleton
simplicity	sempliċità
simplify	tissimplifika
simplistic	simplistiku
simply	sempliċement
simulate	simulate
simulated	simulat
simulating	simulazzjoni
simulation	simulazzjoni
simulator	simulatur
simultaneous	simultanja
simultaneously	simultanjament
sin	NO TRANSLATION
sincere	sinċieri
sincerity	sinċerità
sinful	sinful
sing	nijet
singer	kantanta
singing	kant
single	waħda
singly	waħdu
singular	singular
singularity	singularità
singularly	b'mod singolu
sinister	sinister
sink	sink
sinker	sinker
sinking	għarqa
sinner	sinner
sinning	sinning
sinus	sinus
sip	sip
siphon	sifun
sipping	jixorbu
sir	sir
sire	sire
siren	sirena
sirloin	sirloin
sissy	sissy
sister	oħt
sisterhood	sisterhood
sit	toqgħod
sitcom	sitcom
site	sit
sith	sith
sitter	sitter
sitting	seduta
situate	qiegħed
situated	jinsab
situation	is-sitwazzjoni
six	sitta
sixpence	sixpence
sixteen	sittax
sixth	sitta
sixty	sittin
sizable	daqs medju
size	daqs
sizzle	sizzle
ska	NO TRANSLATION
skate	skate
skateboard	skateboard
skater	skater
skating	skating
skedaddle	skedaddle
skeet	skeet
skein	skein
skeletal	skeletriċi
skeleton	iskeletru
skeptic	xettiku
skeptical	xettiċi
skepticism	xettiċiżmu
sketch	skeċċ
sketching	skeċċjar
sketchy	sketchy
skewed	maqlugħ
skewer	pinzell
ski	ski
skid	skid
skier	skier
skiff	skiff
skiing	skiing
skijump	NO TRANSLATION
skill	ħila
skilled	sengħa
skillet	skillet
skillful	skillful
skim	skim
skimpy	skimpy
skin	ġilda
skinny	skinny
skip	Aqbeż
skipper	kaptan
skirmish	skirmish
skirt	dublett
skirting	skirting
skirts	dbielet
skit	skit
skittish	skittish
skull	kranju
skunk	skunk
sky	sema
skylight	skylight
skyline	orizzont
skyscraper	skajskrejper
slab	Blata
slack	slack
slag	gagazza
slam	slam
slammer	slammer
slander	malafama
slanderous	malafama
slang	slang
slant	slant
slap	slap
slash	slash
slashes	slashes
slate	lavanja
slates	lavanji
slaughter	qatla
slaughterhouse	biċċerija
slaughtering	qatla
slave	slave
slavery	skjavitù
slay	slay
slayer	slayer
sleaze	sleaze
sleazy	ħelu
sled	NO TRANSLATION
sledding	sledding
sledge	sledge
sledgehammer	sledgehammer
sleek	sleek
sleep	irqad
sleeper	rqad
sleeping	irqad
sleepless	sleepless
sleeplessness	nuqqas ta 'rqad
sleepover	sleepover
sleepy	bi ngħas
sleepyhead	sleepyhead
sleet	sleet
sleeve	kmiem
sleeveless	mingħajr kmiem
sleigh	sleigh
sleight	sleight
slender	irqaq
sleuth	sleuth
slice	porzjon
slick	roqgħa
slicker	tleqq
slide	slide
slider	slider
sliding	jiżżerżqu
slight	żgħira
slight anticipation	antiċipazzjoni żgħira
slight disgust	disgust ħafif
slight surprise	sorpriża ħafifa
slight trust	fiduċja żgħira
slightly	ftit
slightly negative	ftit negattiv
slightly positive	ftit pożittiv
slim	SLIM
slime	ħama
slimy	irqaq
sling	braga
slingshot	slingshot
slink	slink
slinky	slinky
slip	slip
slipper	slipper
slippers	papoċċi
slippery	tiżloq
slit	qasma
sliver	sliver
slob	slob
slobber	slobber
slogan	slogan
sloop	sloop
slop	NO TRANSLATION
slope	inklinazzjoni
sloppy	traskurat
slot	slot
sloth	sloth
slouch	slouch
slough	slough
slow	bil-mod
slowly	bil-mod
slowness	dewmien
sludge	ħama
slug	slug
slugger	slugger
sluggish	kajman
sluice	sluice
slum	slum
slumber	slumber
slump	slump
slur	brim
slurp	slurp
slush	slush
slut	slut
slutty	slutty
sly	daqsxejn
smack	smack
small	żgħar
smaller	iżgħar
smallest	l-iżgħar
smallpox	ġidri
smart	intelliġenti
smartass	smartass
smarten	smarten
smarty	smarty
smash	smash
smashed	smashed
smattering	smattering
smear	smear
smell	riħa
smelling	jinxtammu
smelly	smelly
smelt	smelt
smidgen	smidgen
smile	tbissima
smiled	tbissem
smiles	smiles
smiley	smiley
smiling	jitbissem
smirk	smirk
smite	smite
smith	Smith
smithereens	smithereens
smitten	smitten
smock	smock
smog	smog
smoke	duħħan
smoker	tpejjep
smokey	smokey
smoking	tipjip
smoky	smoky
smoldering	smoldering
smooch	smooch
smooth	bla xkiel
smoothie	smoothie
smoothly	bla xkiel
smoothness	bla intoppi
smother	smother
smudge	smudge
smug	smug
smuggle	kuntrabandu
smuggler	kontrabandu
smuggling	kuntrabandu
smut	smut
snack	snack
snacks	snacks
snafu	snafu
snag	jitħabblu
snags	snags
snail	bebbuxu
snake	serp
snakes	sriep
snakeskin	snakeskin
snap	snap
snapper	snapper
snappy	snappy
snapshot	stampa
snare	snare
snarl	snarl
snarling	snarling
snatch	snatch
snatcher	snatcher
snazzy	snazzy
sneak	Sneak
sneaker	sneaker
sneakers	sneakers
sneaking	sneaking
sneaky	sneaky
sneer	sneer
sneeze	tagħtas
sneezing	għatis
snicker	snicker
snide	snide
sniff	sniff
snip	snip
snipe	Bekkaċċ
sniper	sniper
snippet	snippet
snippy	snippy
snitch	snitch
snob	snob
snoop	snoop
snoopy	snoopy
snooty	snooty
snooze	snooze
snore	snore
snorkel	snorkel
snort	snort
snot	snot
snotty	snotty
snout	imnieħer
snow	borra
snowball	valanga
snowboard	silġ tas-silġ
snowboarder	snowboarder
snowday	snowday
snowfall	silġ
snowflake	snowflake
snowing	snowing
snowmageddon	snowmageddon
snowman	snowman
snowplow	snowplow
snowstorm	silġ tal-borra
snowy	Snowy
snub	snub
snubbed	snubbed
snuff	tabakk
snug	snug
snuggle	snuggle
snuggled	snuggled
snuggles	snuggles
snuggling	snuggling
soak	soak
soaked	mxarrba
soaking	tixrib
soangry	NO TRANSLATION
soannoyed	NO TRANSLATION
soap	sapun
soapbox	soapbox
soapy	sapun
soar	togħla
soaring	dejjem jogħlew
sob	NO TRANSLATION
sober	sober
soblessed	NO TRANSLATION
sobriety	sobriety
soc	soc
soccer	futbol
sociable	soċjabbli
social	soċjali
socialanxiety	NO TRANSLATION
socialism	soċjaliżmu
socialist	soċjalista
socialite	socialite
socialize	socialize
society	is-soċjetà
sociology	soċjoloġija
sociopath	sociopath
sock	suletta
socket	sokit
sod	sod
soda	soda
soda/pop	soda / pop
sodding	sodding
sodium	sodju
sofa	sufan
soft	artab
softball	softball
soften	irattab
softener	irattab
softening	trattib
softly	ippronunzjata
softness	irtubija
software	softwer
soggy	soggy
sohappy	Ferħan ħafna
soil	ħamrija
soiled	maħmuġin
soiree	soiree
sojourn	soġġorn
solace	solace
solar	solari
solarium	Solarium
solder	istann
soldering	issaldjar
soldier	suldat
sole	lingwata
solemn	solenni
solicit	jitolbu
solicitation	solleċitazzjoni
solicitor	avukat
solid	solidu
solidarity	solidarjetà
solidification	solidifikazzjoni
solidified	solidifikat
solidify	solidifikazzjoni
solidity	solidità
solitaire	Solitaire
solitary	solitarju
solitude	solitudni
solo	waħdu
solubility	solubilità
soluble	solubbli
solucky	solucky
solution	soluzzjoni
solve	issolvi
solvency	solvenza
solvent	solvent
somad	NO TRANSLATION
somatic	somatiċi
somber	somber
some anticipation	xi antiċipazzjoni
some disgust	xi disgust
some surprise	xi sorpriża
some trust	xi fiduċja
somersault	somersault
somethingigetalot	NO TRANSLATION
somewhat negative	pjuttost negattiv
somewhat positive	xi ftit pożittiv
somuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
son	iben
sonar	sonar
sonata	sonata
sonervous	NO TRANSLATION
song	kanzunetta
songwriter	songwriter
sonic	sonika
sonice	NO TRANSLATION
sonnet	Sonnet
sonorous	sonorous
soot	nugrufun
soothe	soothe
soothing	serħan il-moħħ
sophisticated	sofistikat
sophistication	sofistikazzjoni
sophomore	sophomore
sopissed	NO TRANSLATION
soppy	soppy
soprano	soprano
sorcerer	sorcerer
sorcery	ħrejjef
sordid	sordid
sore	fil-griżmejn
soready	soready
sorely	sorely
soreness	uġigħ
sorghum	sorgu
sorority	sorority
sorrow	niket
sorrowful	sorrowful
sorry	sorry
sort	tip
sorter	NO TRANSLATION
sortie	NO TRANSLATION
sorting	għażla
sos	NO TRANSLATION
soscared	soscared
soscary	soscary
soslow	soslow
sostressed	NO TRANSLATION
sosweet	xi ħlew
sothankful	NO TRANSLATION
sou	NO TRANSLATION
soul	ruħ
soulful	b'qalb
soulless	bla qalbek
soulmate	soulmate
sound	ħoss
sounding	ħoss
soundness	sodezza
soundproof	soundproof
soundtrack	soundtrack
soup	soppa
sour	qarsa
source	sors
sourpuss	sourpuss
south	nofsinhar
southbound	Nofsinhar
southeast	Lbiċ
southern	nofsinhar
southpaw	southpaw
southwest	Lbiċ
souvenir	tifkira
sovereign	sovran
sovereignty	sovranità
soviet	sovjetika
sow	ħanżira
soy	sojja
soy sauce	soy sauce
soybean	sojja
spa	spa
space	spazju
spacecraft	vettura spazjali
spaceman	spaceman
spaceship	spazju
spacing	spazjar
spacious	spazjużi
spade	spade
spaghetti	spagetti
spam	spam
spammers	spammers
span	NO TRANSLATION
spandex	spandex
spaniel	spaniel
spank	spank
spanking	spanking
spar	spar
spare	spare
spareribs	spareribs
sparingly	kemxejn
spark	spark
sparkle	sparkle
sparkling	frizzanti
sparkly	sparkly
sparring	sparring
sparrow	sparrow
sparse	skarsa
spasm	spażmu
spastic	spastiċi
spat	spat
spatial	spazjali
spatter	spatter
spatula	spatula
spawn	tbid
spaz	Spaz
speak	jitkellmu
speakeasy	speakeasy
speaker	kelliem
speakerphone	speakerphone
speaking	jitkellem
spear	lanza
spec	spec
special	speċjali
specialist	speċjalista
speciality	speċjalità
specialize	NO TRANSLATION
specially	apposta
specialty	speċjalità
specie	NO TRANSLATION
species	speċi
specific	speċifiku
specification	speċifikazzjoni
specify	speċifika
specimen	kampjun
speck	speck
speckled	imtaqqba
specs	specs
spectacle	spettaklu
spectacles	nuċċalijiet
spectacular	spettakolari
spectator	spettatur
specter	biża '
spectral	spettrali
spectrometer	ispettrometru
spectrophotometer	spettrofotometru
spectroscopy	spettroskopija
spectrum	spettru
speculate	spekula
speculation	spekulazzjoni
speculative	spekulattiv
speculum	spekulum
speech	diskors
speechless	mingħajr diskussjoni
speed	veloċità
speedboat	speedboat
speedily	malajr
speeding	eċċess ta 'veloċità
speedometer	ispeedometer
speedway	speedway
speedy	malajr
spell	jespliċitaw
spellbound	spellbound
spelling	ortografija
spencer	spencer
spend	jonfqu
spender	spender
spending	infiq
spent	jintefqu
sperm	isperma
spew	spew
sphere	isfera
spherical	sferiku
sphincter	sphincter
sphinx	sphinx
spic	spic
spice	ħwawar
spicy	pikkanti
spider	spider
spiders	Brimb
spiffy	spiffy
spigot	spigot
spike	spike
spiked	spiked
spiky	spiky
spill	tixrid
spillin	NO TRANSLATION
spin	spin
spinach	spinaċi
spinal	spinali
spindle	magħżel
spine	sinsla
spineless	mingħajr spinyeless
spinner	spinner
spinning	għażil
spinster	spinster
spiny	spiny
spiral	spirali
spire	spire
spirit	spirtu
spirited	spirtu
spirits	spirti
spiritual	spiritwali
spirituality	l-ispiritwalità
spit	spit
spite	minkejja
spiteful	minkejja
spitfire	spitfire
spittoon	spittoon
splash	splash
splat	splat
splatter	splatter
spleen	milsa
splendid	splendid
splendor	splendor
splice	splice
spline	Spline
splint	splint
splinter	splinter
split	maqsuma
splitting	qsim
splurge	splurge
spoil	spoil
spoiler	spoiler
spoiling	tħassir
spoils	gamgmu
spoke	tkellem
spoken	mitkellma
spokesman	kelliem
spokesperson	kelliem
sponge	sponża
spongy	sponża
sponsor	sponsor
sponsorship	sponsorizzazzjoni
spontaneity	spontanjetà
spontaneous	spontanju
spoof	spoof
spook	spook
spooky	tal-biża
spool	spool
spoon	kuċċarina
spoonful	kuċċarina
sporadic	sporadiku
spore	spore
sport	l-isport
sporting	sportivi
sports	sportivi
sports car	karozza tal-isport
sportsman	isportiv
sportsmanship	sportività
sportswriter	sportswriter
sporty	sportivi
spot	post
spotless	spotless
spotlight	attenzjoni
spotted	spotted
spotter	spotter
spotty	spotty
spousal	miżżewġin
spouse	konjuġi
spout	spout
sprain	sprain
sprawl	tixrid
spray	sprej
spread	tixrid
spreader	spreader
spree	spree
spring	rebbiegħa
springtime	rebbiegħa
sprinkle	sprinkle
sprinkler	bexxiexa
sprinkling	tbexxix
sprint	Sprint
sprite	sprite
sprout	sprout
spruce	spruce
spud	spud
spunk	spunk
spunky	spunky
spur	spur
spurious	foloz
spurred	stimulati
spurt	spurt
spy	spy
squabble	squabble
squad	Skwadra
squadron	squadron
squall	squall
squamous	squamous
squander	titlef
square	kwadra
squash	squash
squat	squat
squatter	squatter
squaw	squaw
squawk	squawk
squeak	squeak
squeaky	squeaky
squeal	squeal
squealer	squealer
squeamish	squeamish
squeeze	għafas
squeezing	tagħsir
squelch	squelch
squid	klamari
squint	squint
squire	squire
squirm	squirm
squirrel	iskojjattlu
squirt	squirt
squish	squish
squishy	squishy
stab	stab
stabbed	stabbed
stability	stabbiltà
stabilize	jistabbilizza ruħu
stabilizer	stabilizzatur
stable	stabbli
staccato	staccato
stack	munzell
stadium	istadium
staff	persunal
stag	stag
stage	istadju
stagecoach	stagecoach
stagehand	stagehand
stagger	stagger
staggering	xokkanti
stagnant	staġnat
stagnation	staġnar
staid	staid
stain	tebgħa
stained	imtebba
stainless	stainless
stair	turġien
staircase	taraġ
stairs	taraġ
stairway	taraġ
stairwell	tromba tat-taraġ
stake	sehem
stakeout	stakeout
stale	friska
stalemate	stalemate
stalk	zokk
stalker	stalker
stall	stall
stallion	stallion
stalls	posti
stalwart	stalwart
stamina	stamina
stamp	bolla
stampede	timbru
stance	pożizzjoni
stand	stand
standard	standard
standardize	standardizza
standardized	standardizzat
standby	standby
standing	wieqfa
standoff	standoff
standpoint	punt ta 'viżjoni
standstill	waqfien
standup	qum bilwieqfa
stanza	stanza
staph	staph
staple	staple
stapler	stejpler
star	stilla
star fruit	star fruit
starboard	stanbord
starch	lamtu
stardom	stardom
stardust	stardust
stare	stare
starfish	starfish
stargazing	Stargazing
staring	tluq
stark	stark
starlet	starlet
starlight	starlight
starling	sturnell
starry	starry
stars	stilel
starship	stilla
start	tibda
starter	starter
startle	startle
startled	startled
startling	startling
starvation	ġuħ
starve	starve
starved	maqbuda
starving	ġuħ ħażin
stash	stash
stat	stat
state	Stat
stately	stately
statement	stqarrija
stateroom	stateroom
stateside	stateside
statesman	statesman
static	statiku
staticky	NO TRANSLATION
statics	statiċi
station	istazzjon
stationary	stazzjonarju
stationery	kartolerija
statistic	statistika
statistical	statistika
statistician	statistiku
stator	stator
statuary	statwarja
statue	istatwa
statuette	statwetta
stature	istatura
status	l-istatus
statute	statut
statutory	statutorji
staunch	qalbu
stave	stave
stay	waqfa
stayaway	NO TRANSLATION
stayed	qagħad
stays	soġġorni
stead	minflok
steadfast	sod
steady	stabbli
steak	steak
steakhouse	steakhouse
steal	steal
stealing	serq
stealth	stealth
stealthily	sigriet
stealthy	sigriet
steam	fwar
steamboat	steamboat
steamer	steamer
steaming	fwar
steamroller	steamroller
steamship	steamship
steamy	steamy
steel	azzar
steep	wieqaf
steeple	steeple
steer	steer
steering	tmexxija
stellar	stellari
stem	zokk
stench	stench
stencil	stensil
stenographer	stenographer
step	pass
stepdaughter	stepdaughter
stepfather	stepfather
stepmother	stepmother
steppe	steppe
steps	passi
stepson	stepson
stereo	stereo
stereoscopic	sterjoskopiku
stereotype	sterjotip
stereotyped	sterjotipat
sterile	sterili
sterility	sterilità
sterilize	sterilizza
sterling	sterlina
stern	poppa
sternum	l-isternu
steroid	sterojdi
stethoscope	stethoscope
stew	stew
steward	steward
stewardess	stewardess
stewardship	amministrazzjoni
stfu	stfu
stick	stick
sticker	stiker
sticking	teħel
stickler	stickler
stickup	stikka
sticky	twaħħal
stiff	iebes
stiffen	stiffen
stiffness	ebusija
stifle	toqrob
stifled	sfurzat
stifling	toqgħod
stigma	stigma
stile	NO TRANSLATION
stiletto	stiletto
stillbirth	twelid
stillborn	imwielda mejta
stillness	nuqqas ta 'saħħa
stillwaiting	NO TRANSLATION
stilts	stilts
stimulant	stimulant
stimulate	jistimula
stimulating	stimulanti
stimulation	stimulazzjoni
stimulus	stimulu
sting	sting
stinger	stinger
stinging	stinging
stingy	stingy
stink	stink
stinker	stinker
stinking	stinking
stinky	stinky
stint	stint
stipend	stipendju
stipulate	jistipulaw
stipulation	stipulation
stir	ħawwad
stirring	tħawwad
stitch	stitch
stitching	ħjata
stock	stokk
stockade	stockade
stockbroker	stockbroker
stockholder	stockholder
stocking	ħażna
stockings	kalzetti
stockpile	ħażna
stockroom	kamra tal-ħażna
stocks	ħażniet
stoic	stoic
stole	seraq
stolen	misruqa
stomach	stonku
stomachache	stomachache
stomp	stomp
stomped	stomped
stone	ġebla
stoned	stoned
stonewall	stonewall
stoneware	stoneware
stony	ġeblija
stooge	stooge
stool	ippurgar
stools	ippurgar
stoop	stoop
stoopid	stoopid
stop	waqfa
stopover	waqfien
stoppage	waqfien
stopper	tapp
stopping	waqfien
stopwatch	istopwatch
storage	ħażna
store	maħżen
storefront	Storefront
storehouse	maħżen
storeroom	maħżen
storing	ħażna
storm	maltempata
storming	tempesta
stormy	maltemp
story	storja
storybook	storybook
storyteller	l-istejjer
storytelling	stejjer
stound	stound
stout	stout
stove	stufi
stow	stow
stowaway	stowaway
straddle	straddle
straight	dritta
straighten	straighten
straightforward	sempliċi
straightway	minnufih
strain	razza
strained	tensjoni
strait	strett
straitjacket	stretjacket
straits	stretti
strand	linja
stranded	stranded
strange	strambi
stranger	barrani
strangle	strangle
strangulation	strangolazzjoni
strap	ċinga
strapless	strapless
strapping	strapping
strata	strata
strategic	strateġiku
strategist	strategist
strategy	strateġija
stratification	stratifikazzjoni
stratosphere	stratosfera
stratum	stratum
stratus	stratus
straw	tiben
strawberry	frawli
stray	jinqerdu
streak	Streak
streaked	streaked
stream	nixxiegħa
streamer	streamer
streaming	streaming
streamline	tissimplifika
street	triq
streetcar	streetcar
streetlight	fanal tad-dawl
strength	saħħa
strengthen	isaħħu
strengthening	tisħiħ
strenuous	sturdament
strep	strep
stress	stress
stressed	enfasizzat
stresses	jenfasizza
stressfree	NO TRANSLATION
stressful	stressanti
stressin	NO TRANSLATION
stressing	filwaqt li tenfasizza
stressrelief	NO TRANSLATION
stretch	stretch
stretcher	streċer
stricken	milquta
strict	stretti
stride	L-isturdament
strife	konflitti
strike	strajk
strikeout	strikeout
striker	attakkant
striking	impressjonanti
strikingly	impressjonanti
string	spag
strings	kordi
stringy	strinġenti
strip	strixxa
stripe	strixxa
striped	strixxat
stripped	imqaxxar
stripper	stripper
striptease	striptease
strive	tistinka
strobe	strobe
stroke	stroke
stroll	stroll
stroller	stroller
strolling	strolling
strong	qawwija
stronghold	stronghold
strongly	bil-qawwa
structural	strutturali
structure	struttura
strudel	strudel
struggle	ġlieda
strut	strut
stub	stub
stubbed	stubbed
stubble	stubble
stubborn	rasu iebsa
stubbornness	stubbornness
stubby	stubby
stucco	stokk
stuck	mwaħħla
stuckup	NO TRANSLATION
stud	stud
studded	studded
student	student
studied	studjat
studio	studio
study	studju
stuff	għalf
stuffed animal	annimal mimli
stuffing	mili
stuffy	misdud
stumble	stumble
stump	stump
stumped	stumped
stun	stun
stunned	storduti
stunner	stunner
stunning	sturdament
stunt	stunt
stunted	stunted
stuntman	stuntman
stupefaction	istopazzjoni
stupefy	stupefy
stupendous	stupendous
stupid	stupid
stupidity	stupidity
stupidpeople	NO TRANSLATION
stupidrain	NO TRANSLATION
stupor	stupor
sturdy	b'saħħtu
sturgeon	sturjun
stutter	stutter
sty	sty
style	stil
styling	grafika
stylish	stylish
stylist	Stylist
suave	sofor
sub	sub
subatomic	subatomiku
subcommittee	sottokumitat
subconscious	subkonxju
subcutaneous	taħt il-ġilda
subdivide	suddivide
subdivision	suddiviżjoni
subduction	subduzzjoni
subdue	subdue
subdued	mrażżna
subdural	subdurali
subito	NO TRANSLATION
subject	suġġett
subjected	soġġett
subjection	suġġezzjoni
subjective	suġġettiv
subjugation	subjugation
sublet	sublet
sublevel	sub-livell
sublimation	sublimazzjoni
sublime	sublimi
subliminal	subliminali
submarine	sottomarini
submerge	immerger
submerged	mgħaddsa
submersible	sommerġibbli
submission	sottomissjoni
submissive	sottomessa
submit	ibgħat
submitting	sottomissjoni
subordinate	subordinat
subordination	subordinazzjoni
subplot	subplot
subpoena	taħrika
subscribe	tabbona
subscriber	abbonat
subscription	sottoskrizzjoni
subsequence	sussegwenza
subsequent	sussegwenti
subsequently	sussegwentement
subservient	subservient
subset	subsett
subside	naqas
subsidence	sussidjar
subsidiary	sussidjarja
subsidize	tissussidja
subsidy	sussidju
subsist	jeżistu
subsistence	sussistenza
subsoil	sottoswol
subspace	subspace
substance	sustanza
substandard	mhux normali
substantial	sostanzjali
substantially	sostanzjalment
substantiate	tissostanzja
substantive	sostantiv
substation	sottotazzjoni
substitute	sostitut
substituted	sostitwit
substitution	sostituzzjoni
substructure	sottostruttura
subterranean	taħt l-art
subtext	subttest
subtitle	sottotitolu
subtle	sottili
subtlety	sottili
subtract	naqqas
subtraction	tnaqqis
subtype	sottotip
suburb	subborg
suburban	suburbani
suburbia	suburbia
suburbs	subborgi
subversion	subversjoni
subversive	subversiv
subvert	sullibit
subway	subway
succeed	tirnexxi
succeeding	warajha
success	suċċess
successful	suċċess
succession	suċċessjoni
successive	suċċessivi
successor	suċċessur
succinct	fil-qosor
succubus	succubus
succulent	sukkulenti
succumb	jirnexxielhomx
suck	terda '
sucker	ġungla
sucking	irdigħ
suckling	treddigħ
sucks	sucks
suction	ġbid tal-arja
sudden	f'daqqa
suddenly	f'daqqa waħda
suds	suds
sue	sue
suede	Suede
suffer	ibatu
sufferer	jbatu
suffering	tbatija
suffice	huwa biżżejjed
sufficiency	suffiċjenza
sufficient	biżżejjed
sufficiently	biżżejjed
suffix	suffiss
suffocate	soffokat
suffocating	soffokanti
suffocation	soffokazzjoni
sugar	zokkor
suggest	jissuġġerixxu
suggestion	suġġeriment
suggestive	suġġestiva
suicidal	suwiċidju
suicide	suwiċidju
suicidebombing	NO TRANSLATION
suit	suit
suitable	xieraq
suitcase	Bagalja
suite	suite
suitor	pretendent
sulfate	sulfat
sulfur	kubrit
sulk	sulk
sullen	sullen
sully	sully
sulphur	kubrit
sultan	sultan
sultry	sultry
sum	somma
summarily	sommarjament
summarize	sommarju
summary	sommarju
summation	summation
summer	sajf
summerhouse	summerhouse
summertime	sajf
summit	summit
summon	imlaqqa
summons	taħrika
sumo	sumo
sump	sump
sumptuous	sommuż
sun	xemx
sunbeam	raġġ tax-xemx
sunburn	ħruq mix-xemx
sundae	sundae
sunday	il-Ħadd
sundial	sundial
sundown	sundown
sundry	Diversi
sunflower	ġirasol
sunglass	glassglass
sunglasses	nuċċalijiet tax-xemx
sunk	għereq
sunken	imxerred
sunless	mingħajr xemx
sunlight	dawl tax-xemx
sunny	xemxi
sunrise	tluq mix-xemx
sunroof	xemx tas-saqaf
sunscreen	protezzjoni mix-xemx
sunset	nżul ix-xemx
sunshine	xemx
suntan	suntan
sunup	Sunup
sup	sup
super	super
superannuation	superannwazzjoni
superb	superb
superficial	superfiċjali
superfluous	superfluwa
superhero	superhero
superhuman	superhuman
superimposed	superimpost
superintendent	superintendent
superior	superjuri
superiority	superjorità
superlative	superlativ
superman	superman
supermarket	supermarket
supermodel	supermodel
supernatant	supernatant
supernatural	supernaturali
supernova	supernova
superposition	superposizzjoni
superpower	superpotenza
supersede	jieħu postu
superstar	superstar
superstition	superstition
superstitious	superstitjuż
superstore	superstore
supervise	tissorvelja
supervision	superviżjoni
supervisor	superviżur
supper	supper
suppertime	suppertime
supplant	supplant
supple	suppli
supplement	suppliment
supplemental	supplimentari
supplementary	supplimentari
supplication	suppli
supplier	fornitur
supplies	provvisti
supply	provvista
support	appoġġ
supported	appoġġjat
supporter	sostenitur
supporters	partitarji
supporting	appoġġ
supportive	ta 'appoġġ
suppose	nassumu
supposed	suppost
supposing	suppost
supposition	suppożizzjoni
suppress	trażżan
suppression	trażżin
supremacy	supremazija
supreme	suprem
supremely	supremely
surcharge	soprataxxa
sure	żgur
surety	garanzija
surf	surf
surface	wiċċ
surfboard	surfboard
surfer	surfer
surge	żieda qawwija
surgeon	kirurgu
surgery	kirurġija
surgical	kirurġiċi
surly	surly
surmise	issimplix
surname	kunjom
surpassing	taqbeż
surplus	eċċess
surprise	sorpriża
surprised	sorpriż
surprises	sorprizi
surprising	sorprendenti
surprisingly	b'mod sorprendenti
surreal	surreal
surrender	konsenja
surrendering	ċediment
surrogate	surrogat
surround	surround
surrounding	madwar
surroundings	inħawi
surveillance	sorveljanza
survey	stħarriġ
surveying	surveying
surveyor	surveyor
survival	sopravivenza
survive	jgħixu
surviving	superstiti
survivor	sopravissut
susceptibility	suxxettibilità
susceptible	suxxettibbli
sushi	Sushi
suspect	suspett
suspected	suspettat
suspend	tissospendi
suspended	sospiż
suspenders	suspenders
suspense	suspense
suspension	sospensjoni
suspicion	suspett
suspicions	suspetti
suspicious	suspettuż
sustain	isostnu
sustained	sostnut
sustenance	sosteniment
suture	sutura
suv	suv
sux	NO TRANSLATION
swab	swab
swag	swag
swagger	swagger
swallow	tibla '
swami	swami
swamp	swamp
swamped	swamped
swampy	swampy
swan	swan
swank	swank
swap	tpartit
swarm	swarm
swarming	swarming
swastika	swastika
swat	swat
sway	tbandil
swear	naħlef
swearing	ġurament
sweat	għaraq
sweater	sweater
sweating	għaraq
sweatshirt	sweatshirt
sweatshop	sweatshop
sweaty	sweaty
sweep	kines
sweeper	sweeper
sweeping	knis
sweet	ħelu
sweeten	ħlewwa
sweetened	ħelu
sweetener	ħlewwa
sweetest	ħelu
sweetheart	sweetheart
sweetie	sweetie
sweetness	ħlewwa
sweets	ħelu
swell	jintefħu
swelling	nefħa
sweltering	sweltering
swerve	swerve
swift	malajr
swiftly	malajr
swig	swig
swill	swill
swim	jgħum
swimmer	swimmer
swimming	għawm
swimsuit	swimsuit
swindle	swindle
swindler	swindler
swine	majjali
swing	jitbandal
swinger	swinger
swinging	jitbandal
swipe	swipe
swirl	dawwar
swish	swish
switch	jaqilbu
switchblade	switchblade
switchboard	swiċċbord
swivel	iduru
swollen	minfuħin
swoon	swoon
swoop	swoop
sword	xabla
swordfish	pixxispad
swordplay	swordplay
swordsman	swordsman
sycamore	sycamore
syllable	sillaba
syllabus	sillabu
symbiotic	simbijotiku
symbol	simbolu
symbolic	simboliku
symbolically	simbolikament
symbolism	simboliżmu
symbolize	simbolizza
symmetric	simmetriku
symmetrical	simmetriku
symmetry	simmetrija
sympathetic	simpatetika
sympathize	simpatizza
sympathy	simpatija
symphonic	sinfoniċi
symphony	sinfonija
symposium	simpożju
symptom	sintomu
symptomatic	sintomatiku
synagogue	sinagoga
synapse	sinapse
synaptic	sinattiku
sync	sinkronizzazzjoni
synchronize	sinkronizzata
synchronous	sinkroniku
syncope	sinkope
syndicate	sindikat
syndrome	sindromu
synergistic	sinerġistiku
synergy	sinerġija
synod	sinodu
synonym	sinonimu
synonymous	sinonimu
synopsis	sinopsi
synoptic	sinottiku
syntax	sintassi
synthesis	sinteżi
synthesizer	sintetizzatur
synthetic	sintetiku
syphilis	sifilide
syringe	siringa
syrup	ġulepp
system	sistema
systematic	sistematiku
systematically	b'mod sistematiku
t-shirt	t-shirt
tab	tab
tabasco	Tabasco
tabby	tabby
tabernacle	tabernaklu
table	tabella
tableau	NO TRANSLATION
tablecloth	tvalja
tablespoon	tablespoon
tablet	pillola
tableware	mejda
tabloid	tablojde
taboo	tabù
tabular	tabulari
tabulate	tabulari
tabulation	Tabulazzjoni
tachometer	tachometer
tacit	tacit
tack	tindi
tackle	tittratta
tackled	indirizzati
tackling	indirizzar
tacky	tacky
taco	taco
tact	tact
tactful	tactful
tactic	tattika
tactical	tattika
tactics	tattiċi
tactile	tattili
tad	NO TRANSLATION
tadpole	tadpole
taffeta	taffeta
taffy	taffy
tag	tikketta
tail	denb
tailed	mgħawweġ
tailgate	tailgate
tailings	tailings
taillight	dawl ta 'wara
tailor	apposta
tailoring	tfassil
tailpipe	tailpipe
taint	taint
take	tieħu
takeoff	tluq
takeout	takeout
takeover	tiehu kontroll
taker	min jakkwista
talcum	talcum
tale	tale
talent	talent
talented	b'talent
talisman	talisman
talk	jitkellmu
talkative	talkative
talker	talker
tall	tall
tallies	tallies
tallow	xaħam tad-dam
tally	jaqblu
talon	talon
talons	NO TRANSLATION
tambourine	tambourine
tame	NO TRANSLATION
tamer	tamer
taming	taming
tamper	tbagħbis
tampon	tampon
tan	tan
tandem	tandem
tang	tang
tangent	tanġent
tangerine	tangerine
tangible	tanġibbli
tangle	iblah
tangled	imħawwad
tango	Tango
tank	tank
tank top	top tat-tank
tanker	tanker
tanned	ikkunzat
tantalizing	tantalizing
tantamount	l-istess
tantrum	tantrum
taoism	Taoism
tap	vit
tape	tape
tape measure	tape measure
taper	taper
tapering	irqaq
tapestry	arazzi
tapeworm	duda
tapioca	tapjoka
taps	viti
tar	qatran
tarantula	tarantula
tardiness	tardà
tardy	tard
target	mira
targeted	immirat
targeting	immirar
tariff	tariffa
tarmac	tarmak
tarnish	ittebba
tarot	Tarot
tarp	NO TRANSLATION
tarry	tarry
tart	tart
tartan	tartan
tartar	tartru
task	kompitu
tassel	tassel
taste	togħma
tasteful	Tajjeb
tasteless	togħma
tasting	b'togħma
tasty	fit-togħma
tat	tat
tattler	tattler
tattletale	tattletale
tattoo	tatwaġġ
taught	mgħallma
taunt	taunt
taupe	taupe
taut	taut
tavern	tavern
tawdry	tawdry
tawny	tawny
tax	taxxa
taxed	intaxxat
taxi	taxi
taxicab	taxicab
taxonomy	tassonomija
taxpayer	kontribwent
tea	te
teach	jgħallmu
teacher	għalliem
teaching	tagħlim
teacup	teacup
teahouse	teahouse
teal	teal
team	tim
teamjesus	NO TRANSLATION
teammate	sieħbu
teamwork	ħidma f'tim
teapot	teapot
tear	tiċrita
tearful	dwejjaq
tearsofjoy	NO TRANSLATION
teary	Dewmien
tease	tease
teaser	teaser
teasing	teasing
teaspoon	kuċċarina
teat	pjattaforma
teatime	teatime
tech	teknoloġija
technical	tekniku
technicality	teknikalità
technician	tekniku
technique	teknika
techno	tekno
technological	teknoloġiku
technology	teknoloġija
ted	Ted
teddy bear	teddy bear
tedious	tedious
tedium	tedium
tee	tee
teeming	tidher
teen	teen
teenage	adolexxenti
teenager	żagħżugħ
teens	żagħżagħ
teensy	teensy
teeny	teeny
teeth	snien
teething	snien
teflon	Teflon
telegram	telegramma
telegraph	telegrafu
telekinesis	telekinesis
telemetry	telemetrija
telepathic	telepatiku
telepathy	telepathy
telephone	telefon
telescope	Teleskopju
telescopic	teleskopiku
telethon	telethon
teletype	teletype
televised	imxandra bit-televiżjoni
television	televiżjoni
tell	għid
teller	teller
telling	tgħid
telltale	telltale
temp	temp
temper	temper
tempera	tempera
temperament	temperament
temperamental	temperamentali
temperance	temperanza
temperate	moderat
temperature	temperatura
tempered	ittemprat
tempest	tempest
template	template
temple	tempju
tempo	NO TRANSLATION
temporal	temporali
temporarily	temporanjament
temporary	temporanju
tempt	tentar
temptation	tentazzjoni
tempting	tentazzjoni
temptress	temptress
ten	għaxar
tenable	li jista 'jinżamm
tenacious	tenacious
tenacity	tenaċità
tenancy	kirja
tenant	kerrej
tend	tendenza
tendency	tendenza
tender	offerta
tenderfoot	tenderfoot
tenderness	sensittività
tending	tendenza
tendon	tendon
tenement	fond
tenet	Prinċipju
tenets	Prinċipji
tenfold	għaxar darbiet
tennis	tennis
tenor	tenor
tense	tensjoni
tensile	tensili
tension	tensjoni
tent	tinda
tentacle	tentacle
tentative	tentattiv
tenth	għaxra
tenths	għaxra
tenuous	tleqq
tenure	mandat
tepee	tepee
tepid	tepid
tequila	tequila
teriyaki	teriyaki
term	tul
terminal	terminali
terminate	ittemm
termination	terminazzjoni
terminator	terminatur
terminology	terminoloġija
terminus	terminus
termite	termite
terms	termini
tern	Tern
ternary	ternarju
terrace	terrazzin
terrain	terren
terrestrial	terrestri
terrible	terribbli
terribly	terriblement
terrier	Terrier
terrific	terrific
terrified	terrified
terrifies	terrifies
terrify	terrify
terrifying	terrifying
territorial	territorjali
territory	territorju
terror	terrur
terrorism	terroriżmu
terrorist	terroristiku
terrorists	terroristi
terrorize	terriforzja
terse	irqiq
tertiary	terzjarju
test	test
testament	xhieda
testicle	testikolu
testicular	testikolari
testify	jixhdu
testimonial	testimonjali
testimony	xhieda
testosterone	testosterone
testy	NO TRANSLATION
tetanus	tetnu
tether	irbit
tethered	marbut
tetrahedral	tetrahedral
text	test
textbook	ktieb tal-kitba
textile	tessuti
textural	testurali
texture	tessut
tgif	tgif
thank	nirringrazzja
thankful	thankful
thankgod	ghall-grazzja ta 'Alla
thanking	nirringrazzja
thankless	bla sengħa
thanks	grazzi
thanksalot	NO TRANSLATION
thanksgiving	ringrazzjament
thankyougod	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoujesus	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoulord	NO TRANSLATION
thatch	thatch
thatmoment	NO TRANSLATION
thaumaturgy	thaumaturgy
thaw	jinħallu
theater	teatru
theatrical	teatrali
theatrics	theatrics
thebest	l-aqwa
theft	serq
theism	theism
theistic	theistic
thelife	il-ħajja
thelittlethings	NO TRANSLATION
theme	tema
theocracy	teokrazija
theocratic	theocratic
theologian	teologu
theological	teoloġiku
theology	teoloġija
theorem	teorema
theoretical	teoretiku
theory	teorija
therapeutic	terapewtiku
therapeutics	terapija
therapist	terapista
therapy	terapija
thereabouts	hawn hemm
thereof	tagħha
therewith	ma 'dan
thermal	termali
thermocouple	thermocouple
thermodynamics	termodinamika
thermometer	termometru
thermos	termos
thermostat	termostat
thesaurus	teżawru
thesis	teżi
thick	ħoxna
thicken	jeħxien
thickening	tħaxxin
thicket	ħxuna
thickness	ħxuna
thief	ħalliel
thigh	koxxa
thimble	tajriet
thin	irqiq
thing	ħaġa
things	affarijiet
thingy	thingy
think	think
thinker	ħassieb
thinking	ħsieb
third	tielet nett
thirds	terzi
thirst	għatx
thirsty	bil-għatx
thirteen	tlettax
thirteenth	tlettax
thirty	tletin
thistle	thistle
thither	hemmhekk
thong	thong
thorn	xewka
thorny	irqiq
thorough	bir-reqqa
thoroughbred	bir-razza pura
thoroughfare	mogħdija
thought	ħsibt
thoughtful	maħsub
thoughtfulness	riflessjoni
thoughtless	mingħajr ħsieb
thoughts	ħsibijiet
thousand	elf
thrash	thrash
thread	ħajt
threat	theddida
threaten	jheddu
threatened	mhedda
threatening	theddid
three	tlieta
threefold	tliet darbiet
threesome	threesome
thresh	thresh
threshold	limitu minimu
thrice	tliet darbiet
thrift	tfaddil
thrifty	nefqa
thrill	eċċitament
thrilled	ferħana
thriller	Thriller
thrilling	thrilling
thrive	jirnexxu
thriving	b'saħħitha
throat	gerżuma
throb	throb
throbbing	throbbing
throes	throes
throne	tron
throng	ħafna
throttle	throttle
throw	tarmi
throwback	throwback
thrower	tarmi
thrown	jintefgħu
thrush	traxx
thrust	thrust
thruster	thrustter
thud	thud
thug	thug
thumb	thumb
thumbprint	thumbprint
thump	thump
thumper	thumper
thumping	thumping
thunder	Thunder
thunderbolt	thunderbolt
thunderclap	thunderclap
thundering	thundering
thunderstorm	tempesta
thunderstruck	thunderstruck
thwart	tfixkel
thx	Grazzi
thyme	sagħtar
thyroid	tirojde
tiara	Tiara
tibia	tibja
tic	tic
tick	immarka
ticked	immarkat
ticker	ticker
ticket	biljett
tickle	tickle
tickled	mmarkati
ticklish	ticklish
tidal	tidal
tidal wave	mewġ tal-marea
tidbit	tidbit
tide	marea
tidings	tidings
tidy	imbarazz
tie	tie
tier	livell
tiff	tiff
tiger	tiger
tighten	issikka
tightness	issikkar
tightrope	tightrope
tights	tajts
tilde	tilde
tile	maduma
tiling	madum
till	NO TRANSLATION
tillage	tħawwil
tiller	laċċ
tilt	inklinazzjoni
tilting	inklinazzjoni
timber	injam
timberland	Timberland
timbre	timbre
time	ħin
timeless	prontezza
timeliness	puntwalità
timely	f'waqtu
timeout	Spiċċa l-ħin
timepiece	strument
timer	timer
times	ħinijiet
timetable	kalendarju
timewasters	NO TRANSLATION
timid	timidu
timidity	timidità
timing	iż-żmien
tin	NO TRANSLATION
tincture	tintura
tine	NO TRANSLATION
tinfoil	tinfoil
tinge	tinge
tingle	Tingle
tingling	tingiż
tinker	tinker
tinkering	tbagħbis
tinkle	NO TRANSLATION
tinkling	tinkling
tinnitus	tinnitus
tinsel	tinsel
tint	lewn
tiny	żgħira
tip	ponta
tipper	tipper
tipster	tipster
tipsy	tipsy
tiptoe	ponta tal-ponta
tirade	tirade
tire	tajer
tired	għajjien
tiredness	għeja
tiredofit	NO TRANSLATION
tireless	bla qalb
tiresome	tiresome
tiring	għeja
tissue	tessut
tistheseason	NO TRANSLATION
tit	tit
titan	titan
titanic	titaniku
titanium	titanju
tithe	tithe
title	titlu
titled	intitolat
titty	titty
titular	NO TRANSLATION
toad	sapun
toast	toast
toaster	toaster
toasty	toasty
tobacco	tabakk
toby	toby
tod	Tod
today	illum
toddler	toddler
toe	toe
toenail	toenail
toffee	toffee
tofu	tofu
toga	NO TRANSLATION
together	flimkien
togetherness	flimkien
toil	toil
toilet	twaletta
toils	toils
token	token
tolerable	tollerabbli
tolerance	tolleranza
tolerant	tolleranti
tolerate	tolleranza
toleration	tolleranza
toll	pedaġġ
tomahawk	tomahawk
tomato	tadama
tomatoes	tadam
tomb	qabar
tombstone	qabar
tomcat	tomcat
tome	tome
tomorrow	għada
ton	NO TRANSLATION
tone	ton
toner	toner
tong	NO TRANSLATION
tongs	pinzetti
tongue	ilsien
tonic	toniku
tonnage	tunnellaġġ
tonsils	tunsilli
toocold	NO TRANSLATION
tool	għodda
toolbox	kaxxa tal-għodda
tooling	għodda
toomuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
toot	toot
tooth	sinna
toothache	uġigħ fis-snien
toothbrush	toothbrush
toothed	bis-snien
toothless	bla snien
toothpaste	toothpaste
toothpick	toothpick
toots	toots
top	top
topaz	topaz
topic	tema
topical	topiku
topless	topless
topographic	topografiku
topographical	topografiċi
topography	topografija
topple	topple
topside	topside
tor	tor
torch	torċa
torment	torment
tormented	itturmentata
torn	imqatta '
tornado	tornado
torpedo	torpedo
torque	torque
torrent	torrent
torrid	torrid
torsion	torsjoni
torso	torso
tort	tort
tortious	tortious
tortoise	Fekruna
tortuous	tortuous
torture	tortura
tortured	ittorturat
toss	toss
tot	NO TRANSLATION
total	totali
totality	totalità
totally	totalment
tote	Tote
totem	Totem
touch	touch
touchdown	illandjar
touched	jintmess
touching	tmiss
touchy	touchy
tough	iebsa
toughen	iebsa
toughness	toughness
toupee	toupee
tour	mawra
tourism	turiżmu
tourist	turist
tourmaline	turmalina
tournament	turnew
tourniquet	tourniquet
tout	NO TRANSLATION
tow	stoppa
towel	xugaman
tower	torri
towering	towering
town	belt
townhouse	townhouse
township	ibliet
townspeople	townspeople
toxic	tossiku
toxicity	tossiċità
toxicology	tossikoloġija
toxin	tossina
toy	ġugarell
toymaker	toymaker
trace	traċċa
traceable	traċċabbli
tracer	tracer
traces	traċċi
trachea	trakea
tracing	traċċar
track	track
tracker	tracker
tract	Il-passaġġ
tractable	trattabbli
traction	trazzjoni
tractor	trattur
trade	kummerċ
trademark	trademark
trader	negozjant
tradesman	negozjant
trading	kummerċ
tradition	tradizzjoni
traditional	tradizzjonali
traffic	traffiku
traffic light	dawl tat-traffiku
trafficking	traffikar
tragedies	traġedji
tragedy	traġedja
tragic	traġiċi
trail	traċċa
trailer	karru
train	ferrovija
train set	sett tal-ferrovija
trained	imħarreġ
trainee	apprendist
trainer	trainer
training	taħriġ
trait	karatteristika
traitor	traitor
traitorous	traitorju
trajectory	trajettorja
tram	tram
tramp	tramp
trample	trample
trampoline	trampolin
tramway	tramway
trance	trance
tranquil	trankwillanti
tranquility	trankwillità
tranquilizer	tranquilizer
transact	transazzjoni
transaction	transazzjoni
transatlantic	transatlantiku
transceiver	transciever
transcend	jittraxxendu
transcendence	transcendenza
transcendent	trasversali
transcendental	transcendental
transcribe	tirrevedi
transcriber	transcriber
transcript	traskrizzjoni
transcription	traskrizzjoni
transfer	trasferiment
transference	Trasferiment
transferred	trasferiti
transfixed	transfixed
transform	jittrasforma
transformation	trasformazzjoni
transformer	transformer
transfusion	trasfużjoni
transgression	trasgressjoni
transient	temporanju
transistor	transistor
transit	transitu
transition	transizzjoni
transitional	tranżizzjonali
transitive	trasversali
transitory	tranżitorju
translate	tittraduċi
translation	traduzzjoni
translator	traduttur
translocation	traslokazzjoni
translucent	trasluċenti
transmission	trasmissjoni
transmit	jittrasmettu
transmitter	trasmettitur
transmutation	trasmutazzjoni
transom	transom
transparency	trasparenza
transparent	trasparenti
transplant	trapjant
transplantation	trapjant
transponder	transponder
transport	trasport
transportation	trasport
transporter	trasportatur
transpose	traspożizzjoni
transposition	traspożizzjoni
transsexual	transesswali
transverse	trasversali
transvestite	transvestite
trap	nassa
trapdoor	trapdoor
trapeze	trapeze
trapped	maqbuda
trapper	trapper
trapping	insib
trappings	trappings
traps	nases
trash	Trash
trashy	trashy
trauma	trawma
traumatic	trawmatiku
travail	NO TRANSLATION
travel	ivvjaġġar
traveler	vjaġġatur
traveling	jivvjaġġa
traverse	travers
travesty	travesty
trawl	tkarkir
trawler	dgħajsa tat-tkarkir
tray	trej
treacherous	treacherous
treachery	treachery
tread	wiċċ ta 'barra mfellel
treadmill	treadmill
treason	tradiment
treasure	teżor
treasured	għażiża
treasurer	teżorier
treasures	teżori
treasury	teżor
treat	jittratta
treatable	jittratta
treatise	trattat
treatment	trattament
treaty	trattat
treble	trippli
tree	siġra
trees	siġar
trek	trek
trellis	trellis
tremble	tremble
trembling	rogħda
tremendous	tremendi
tremendously	bil-kbir
tremor	rogħda
trench	trinka
trend	tendenza
trending	trending
trendy	trendy
trepidation	trepidation
trespass	traspass
triad	trijade
triage	triage
trial	prova
triangle	trijanglu
triangular	trijangolari
triangulate	triangulate
triathlon	triathlon
tribal	tribali
tribe	tribù
tribulation	tribulation
tribunal	tribunal
tribune	Tribune
tributary	tributarju
tribute	tribut
trick	trick
trickery	trickery
trickle	trickle
trickster	trickster
tricky	delikata
tricycle	triċiklu
trident	trident
trifle	trifle
trifling	trifling
trig	trig
trigger	trigger
trigonometry	trigonometrija
trillion	triljun
trilogy	trilogu
trim	trim
trimester	trimestru
trimmer	trimmer
trimming	tirqim
trine	trine
trinity	Trinità
trinket	trinket
trio	trio
trip	vjaġġ
tripartite	tripartitiku
tripe	tripa
triple	tripla
triplet	triplett
triplicate	triplikat
tripod	tripod
tripping	trippjar
trite	trite
tritium	tritju
triumph	trijonf
triumphant	trijonfanti
trivia	Trivia
trivial	trivjali
troll	troll
trolley	karru
trombone	trombone
troop	truppi
trooper	trooper
troops	truppi
trophy	trofew
tropic	tropiku
tropical	tropikali
tropics	tropiċi
trot	trota
trouble	inkwiet
troubled	inkwetat
troublemaker	troublemaker
troubles	problemi
troublesome	inkwetanti
trough	ħawt
troupe	troupe
trousers	qliezet
trout	troti
trowel	trowel
truce	truce
truck	trakk
trucker	trucker
truckload	truckload
truculent	truculent
true	VERU
truelove	imħabba vera
truffle	Truffle
truism	truism
trump	trump
trumpet	tromba
trumpeter	trumpeter
truncate	truncate
truncated	maqtugħ
trundle	trundle
trunk	trunk
truss	truss
trust	fiduċja
trustee	trustee
trusting	fiduċja
trustworthy	affidabbli
trusty	trusty
truth	verità
truthful	veritiera
truthfulness	verità
try	Ipprova
tryout	prova
tryouts	provi
tsunami	tsunami
tub	tub
tuba	Tuba
tubby	tubby
tube	tubu
tuberculosis	tuberkulosi
tubing	tubi
tubular	tubulari
tubule	tubule
tuck	Tuck
tucker	Tucker
tuesday	nhar it-Tlieta
tufted	bit-toppu
tug	irmonk
tugboat	tugboat
tuition	lezzjonijiet
tulip	tulipani
tumble	tumble
tumbler	NO TRANSLATION
tumbleweed	tumbleweed
tummy	żaqq
tumor	tumur
tumour	tumur
tumult	tumult
tumultuous	tumultuous
tun	NO TRANSLATION
tuna	tonn
tunable	intonabbli
tune	intunazzjoni
tunic	tunic
tuning	irfinar
tunnel	mina
turban	turban
turbidity	turbidità
turbine	turbina
turbo	turbo
turbulence	turbolenza
turbulent	turbolenti
turd	turd
turf	turf
turkey	dundjan
turmeric	Turmeric
turmoil	taqlib
turn	dawran
turnaround	bidla
turned	imdawwar
turning	tidwir
turnip	nevew
turnkey	turnkey
turnoff	NO TRANSLATION
turnout	parteċipazzjoni
turnover	fatturat
turnpike	turnpike
turntable	turntable
turpentine	terpentina
turquoise	turkważ
turret	turret
turtle	Fekruna
turtleneck	fekruna
tussle	tussle
tutelage	tutela
tutor	tutur
tutoring	tutoring
tutu	Tutu
tux	tux
tuxedo	Tuxedo
tv	tv
twain	twain
twat	twat
twats	twats
tweak	tweak
tweed	tweed
tweet	tweet
tweezers	pinzetti
twelfth	tnax
twelve	tnax
twentieth	għoxrin
twenty	għoxrin
twerp	twerp
twig	twig
twilight	għabex
twill	djagunali
twin	twin
twine	spag
twinge	twinge
twinkle	twinkle
twins	tewmin
twirl	twirl
twist	twist
twisted	mibrum
twister	Twister
twit	twit
twitch	twitch
twitching	twitching
twitchy	twitchy
two	tnejn
two step	żewġ stadji
twofaced	NO TRANSLATION
twofold	doppju
twosome	twosome
tycoon	Tycoon
tyke	tyke
type	tip
typewriter	tajprajter
typhoid	tifojde
typhoon	tifun
typical	tipiku
typically	tipikament
typist	tajpist
typo	typo
typography	tipografija
tyrannical	tirranġiku
tyranny	tirannija
tyrant	Tirana
tyre	tajer
ubiquitous	kullimkien
ubiquity	ubikwità
ugliness	fingir
ugly	ikrah
uhoh	NO TRANSLATION
ukulele	ukulele
ulcer	ulċera
ulterior	aktar tard
ultimate	aħħari
ultimately	fl-aħħar mill-aħħar
ultimatum	ultimatum
ultimo	NO TRANSLATION
ultrasound	ultrasawnd
ultraviolet	ultravjola
umbilical	umbilikali
umbra	umbra
umbrella	umbrella
umpire	arbitru
umpteen	umpteen
unabashed	mhux skoperta
unabated	mhux imnaqqsa
unable	inkapaċi
unacceptable	mhux aċċettabbli
unaccompanied	mhux akkumpanjat
unaccountable	mhux responsabbli
unaccounted	mhux ikkonstatat
unacknowledged	mhux rikonoxxut
unadulterated	mhux adulterat
unaffected	mhux affettwat
unafraid	ma tiflaħx
unaided	mingħajr għajnuna
unaltered	mhux mibdul
unambiguous	mhux ambigwu
unanimity	unanimità
unanimous	unanimu
unanimously	unanimament
unannounced	mhux imħabbra
unanswered	mingħajr tweġiba
unanticipated	mhux antiċipat
unappreciated	mhux apprezzat
unapproved	mhux approvat
unarmed	mhux armat
unassisted	mhux assistit
unassuming	unassuming
unattached	mhux magħqud
unattainable	mhux sostenibbli
unattended	waħedhom
unattractive	mhux attraenti
unauthorized	mhux awtorizzat
unavailable	mhux disponibbli
unavoidable	inevitabbli
unaware	mhux konxji
unbalanced	żbilanċjat
unbearable	insupportabbli
unbeatable	unbeatable
unbeaten	mhux mistenni
unbecoming	mhux favorevoli
unbelief	inkreddenza
unbelievable	unbelievable
unbiased	imparzjali
unborn	mhux imwielda
unbound	M'hemmx obbligi
unbounded	mingħajr irbit
unbreakable	ma jinkisirx
unbridled	mhux imwiegħed
unbroken	mhux imkissra
unbutton	unbutton
uncalled	mhux imsejjaħ
uncanny	uncanny
uncaring	invalidi
uncensured	NO TRANSLATION
uncertain	inċerti
uncertainty	inċertezza
unchallenged	mhux ikkontestat
unchangeable	ma jinbidilx
unchanged	mhux mibdul
uncharted	mhux maqlugħ
uncherished	NO TRANSLATION
uncivilized	mhux ivivilizzat
unclaimed	mhux mitluba
uncle	ziju
unclean	mhux nadif
unclear	mhux ċar
uncomfortable	skomda
uncommon	mhux komuni
uncommonly	mhux komuni
uncomplicated	mhux kumplikat
uncompromising	mingħajr kompromessi
unconcerned	mhux ikkonëernat
unconditional	mingħajr kundizzjoni
unconfirmed	mhux ikkonfermati
unconnected	mhux konness
unconscionable	unconscionable
unconscious	inkonsistenti
unconsciousness	telf ta 'sensi
unconstitutional	antikostituzzjonali
unconstrained	mhux kostitwit
uncontested	mhux ikkontestat
uncontrollable	mhux kontrollabbli
uncontrolled	mhux ikkontrollat
unconventional	mhux konvenzjonali
unconvinced	mhux konvint
unconvincing	mhux konvinċenti
uncooked	mhux imsajjar
uncooperative	mhux kooperattiva
uncorrelated	mhux korrelatat
uncouth	uncouth
uncover	tikxef
uncritical	mhux kritika
uncut	mhux maqtugħ
undead	undead
undecided	mhux deċiż
undefeated	undefeated
undefined	mhux definit
undeniable	mhux innegabbli
underage	taħt l-età
underbelly	underbelly
undercover	mgħottija
undercurrent	undercurrent
underdog	underdog
underestimate	jissottovalutaw
undergo	jgħaddu minnha
undergraduate	studenti li għadhom ma ggradwawx
underground	taħt l-art
underhanded	taħt l-idejn
underlay	underlay
underlie	sottostanti
underline	jenfasizzaw
underlying	sottostanti
undermine	jimmina
undermined	mdgħajjef
underneath	taħt
underpaid	mhux imħallsa
underpants	qliezet ta 'taħt
underprivileged	żvantaġġati
underrated	sottovalutata
underscore	enfasi
undersea	taħt il-baħar
undersecretary	taħt is-segretarju
undersized	daqsxejn taħt
understaffed	mingħajr persunal
understand	nifhem
understandable	tinftiehem
understanding	fehim
understatement	sottostima
understood	mifhum
understudy	understudy
undertake	jintrabtu
undertaker	undertaker
undertaking	impriża
undertow	inerti
underwear	ħwejjeġ ta 'taħt
underwood	underwood
underworld	Underworld
underwrite	jissottoskrivu
underwriter	underwriter
undeserved	mhux mixtieq
undesirable	mhux mixtieqa
undesired	mhux mixtieq
undetectable	mhux osservabbli
undetected	mhux osservat
undetermined	mhux determinat
undeveloped	mhux żviluppat
undignified	indiġenu
undirected	mhux diretta
undisclosed	mhux żvelat
undiscovered	mhux skoperti
undisputed	mhux ikkontestat
undisturbed	mhux disturbat
undivided	indiviż
undo	nneħħu
undoing	tħoll
undoubted	bla dubju
undress	undress
undressed	undressed
undue	mhux dovut
undying	undying
unearned	mhux miksuba
unearth	jiskopru
uneasiness	inkwiet
uneasy	inċerti
uneducated	mhux edukat
unemployed	qiegħda
unemployment	qgħad
unencumbered	mhux frankat
unending	ma tintemm qatt
unequal	inugwali
unequalled	mhux ugwali
unequivocal	inekwivokabbli
unequivocally	b'mod inekwivoku
unethical	mhux etiku
uneven	irregolari
uneventful	inċidentali
unexpected	mhux mistennija
unexpectedly	għarrieda
unexplainable	mhux spjegabbli
unexplained	mhux spjegat
unexplored	mhux eżaminati
unfailing	unfailing
unfair	inġust
unfairness	inġustizzja
unfaithful	unfaithful
unfamiliar	mhux familjari
unfavorable	mhux favorevoli
unfeeling	tħassir
unfettered	mingħajr xkiel
unfinished	mhux mitmuma
unfit	mhux tajjeb
unflinching	mhux mimlija
unfold	tinfetaħ
unfollow	mhux segwit
unforeseen	imprevist
unforgettable	unforgettable
unforgivable	mhux mistħoqq
unforgiving	mhux konvinċenti
unfortunate	sfortunat
unfortunately	sfortunatament
unfounded	infondat
unfreeze	tħoll barra
unfriendly	mhux favorevoli
unfulfilled	mhux milħuq
unfurnished	mhux imħallta
unglued	mhux ikkontrollat
ungodly	ungodly
ungrateful	ingrat
unguarded	mhux protett
unhand	NO TRANSLATION
unhappiness	kuntentizza
unhappy	kuntenti
unharmed	mingħajr ħsara
unhealthy	ħżiena għas-saħħa
unheard	ma deherx
unhelpful	mhux ta 'għajnuna
unhindered	mingħajr xkiel
unholy	unholy
unhook	unhook
unicorn	Unicorn
unidentified	mhux identifikat
unification	unifikazzjoni
unified	unifikata
uniform	uniformi
uniformed	uniformi
uniformity	uniformità
uniformly	b'mod uniformi
unimaginable	inkonċepibbli
unimpeachable	mhux impekkabbli
unimpeached	unippeakat
unimportant	mhux importanti
unimpressed	mhux impressjonat
unimproved	mhux imtejjeb
uninfected	mhux infettat
uninformed	mhux infurmati
uninhabited	mhux abitat
uninitiated	mhux inizjalizzat
uninspired	mhux minsija
unintelligible	mhux intelliġibbli
unintended	mhux intenzjonat
unintentional	mhux intenzjonat
unintentionally	mhux intenzjonalment
uninterested	mhux interessat
uninteresting	mingħajr interess
uninterrupted	mhux interrott
uninvited	mhux ivvizzjat
union	unjoni
unique	unika
unisex	unisex
unison	unison
unit	unità
unitary	unitarju
unite	jingħaqdu
united	magħquda
unity	unità
universal	universali
universality	universalità
universe	univers
university	università
unjust	inġust
unjustifiable	mhux iġġustifikat
unjustified	mhux ġustifikat
unkind	unkind
unknowable	ma tafx
unknown	mhux magħruf
unlawful	illegali
unleash	jinħeles
unlicensed	mhux liċenzjat
unlike	kuntrarju
unlikely	improbabbli
unlimited	illimitat
unlisted	mhux ikkwotati
unload	ħatt
unloaded	mhux mgħobbija
unlock	nisfruttaw
unlucky	unlucky
unmanageable	mhux maniġġabbli
unmanned	mingħajr ekwipaġġ
unmarked	mhux immarkati
unmarried	mhux miżżewweġ
unmask	unmask
unmatched	mhux imqabbla
unmistakable	bla dubju
unmitigated	mhux imitigat
unmoved	unmoved
unnamed	mingħajr isem
unnatural	mhux naturali
unnecessary	mhux neċessarju
unneeded	mhux meħtieġ
unnoticed	mhux innotata
unnumbered	mhux numerat
unobserved	mhux osservat
unobstructed	mingħajr xkiel
unobtrusive	mingħajr skop
unoccupied	mhux okkupat
unofficial	mhux uffiċjali
unopened	mhux miftuħ
unopposed	mingħajr oppożizzjoni
unordered	mingħajr ordni
unorganised	mhux organizzat
unorganized	mhux organizzat
unorthodox	mhux ortodox
unpack	unpack
unpaid	mhux imħallas
unparalleled	mingħajr paragun
unpleasant	spjaċevoli
unpleasantness	mhux pjaċevoli
unplug	unplug
unplugged	mhux imqabbad
unpopular	mhux popolari
unprecedented	mingħajr preċedent
unpredictable	imprevedibbli
unprepared	mhux ippreparat
unpretentious	bla sens
unproductive	mhux produttiv
unprofessional	mhux professjonali
unprofitable	mhux ta 'profitt
unprotected	mhux protett
unproven	mhux ippruvat
unprovoked	mhux provokat
unpublished	mhux ippubblikat
unpunished	mhux ikkastigat
unqualified	mhux kwalifikata
unquestionable	bla dubju
unquestionably	bla dubju
unquestioned	bla dubju
unquote	unquote
unravel	jisfaxxa
unreachable	mhux possibbli
unread	mhux lest
unreal	mhux irreal
unrealistic	mhux realistiku
unreasonable	mhux raġonevoli
unrecorded	mhux irrekordjat
unregistered	mhux reġistrat
unregulated	mhux irregolat
unrelated	mhux relatat
unrelenting	bla heda
unreliable	mhux affidabbli
unremarkable	mingħajr skossi
unrepentant	unrepentant
unrequited	mhux rifuż
unresolved	mhux solvut
unresponsive	mhux risposta
unrest	inkwiet
unrestrained	bla rażan
unrestricted	mhux ristrett
unromantic	mhuxromantic
unruly	irrilevanti
unsafe	mhux tajjeb
unsanitary	mhux sanitarji
unsatisfactory	mhux sodisfaċenti
unsatisfied	mhux sodisfatt
unsavory	mhux tajjeb
unscathed	mingħajr ħsara
unscheduled	mhux ippjanati
unscientific	mhux xjentifiku
unscrew	ħoll
unscrupulous	mingħajr skrupli
unseat	unseat
unseen	ma tidhirx
unselfish	unselfish
unsettled	mhux issettjat
unsightly	unsightly
unsolicited	mhux mitluba
unsolved	mhux solvuti
unsophisticated	mhux sofistikat
unsound	mhux tajjeb
unspeakable	ma jistax jiġi nnutat
unspecified	mhux speċifikat
unspoken	mhux mitkellma
unstable	instabbli
unsteady	mhux imħallta
unstoppable	bla waqfien
unsuccessful	mingħajr suċċess
unsuitable	mhux adattat
unsung	unsung
unsupervised	mhux sorveljat
unsupported	mhux appoġġjat
unsure	mhux ċert
unsurpassed	mhux superjuri
unsuspecting	unsuspecting
unsustainable	mhux sostenibbli
unsweetened	mingħajr zokkor
unsympathetic	mhux simpatetiku
untamed	untamed
untenable	insostenibbli
untested	mhux ittestjat
unthinkable	impensabbli
untidy	traskurat
untie	untie
untimely	mhux preskritt
untitled	mingħajr titolu
untold	untold
untouchable	intitolat
untouched	mhux mittiefsa
untoward	mhux mixtieqa
untraceable	mhux traċċabbli
untrained	mhux imħarreġ
untranslated	mhux tradotti
untroubled	mhux maħduma
untrue	mhux vera
untrustworthy	mhux affidabbli
unturned	mhux mibdula
unused	mhux użata
unusual	mhux tas-soltu
unusually	mhux tas-soltu
unutterable	ma jistgħux jitbattfu
unveil	jinfetaħ
unveiling	żvelar
unverified	mhux verifikata
unwanted	mhux mixtieqa
unwarranted	mhux iġġustifikat
unwary	unwary
unwashed	mhux maħlul
unwavering	mhux sod
unwed	mhux dovut
unwelcome	mhux mixtieqa
unwell	ma tiflaħx
unwilling	ma tixtieqx
unwillingly	ma jridx
unwillingness	nuqqas ta 'rieda
unwind	unwind
unwise	għaqli
unwitting	mhux intenzjonat
unwittingly	bla ma jintebħu
unworthy	mhux tajbin
unwrap	mhux maħdum
unwritten	mhux miktub
unyielding	mhux soda
unzip	unzip
upbeat	ottimist
upbringing	trobbija
upcoming	li ġejjin
update	aġġornament
upgrade	upgrade
upheaval	taqlib
uphill	it-telgħa
uphold	tilqa '
upholstery	tapizzerija
upkeep	manutenzjoni
upland	art muntanjuża
uplands	artijiet għoljin
uplift	uplift
uplifting	riluttanti
uplink	uplink
upload	upload
upper	fuq
uppercut	uppercut
uppity	uppity
upright	wieqaf
uprising	rewwixta
uproar	għeruq
upscale	upscale
upset	imdejjaq
upshot	riżultat
upstairs	isfel
upstanding	upstanding
upstart	upstart
uptight	uptight
upward	'il fuq
upwards	'il fuq
uranium	uranju
urban	urbani
urchin	urchin
urge	tħeġġeġ
urgency	urġenza
urgent	urġenti
urinal	urinarja
urinalysis	urinisi
urinate	tgħaddi l-awrina
urination	awrina
urine	awrina
urn	urn
usable	li tista 'tintuża
usage	użu
use	użu
used	użat
useful	utli
usefully	b'mod utli
usefulness	utilità
useless	inutli
user	utent aħħari
usher	usher
usual	soltu
usurp	usurp
usurped	użurpati
usury	użura
utensil	utensili
uterus	l-utru
utilitarian	utilitarju
utility	utilità
utilization	utilizzazzjoni
utilize	tutilizza
utmost	l-akbar
utopian	utopian
utter	utter
utterance	kliem
utterly	kollox
vacancy	vakanza
vacant	vakanti
vacate	vakanti
vacation	vaganza
vaccination	tilqim
vaccine	vaċċin
vacuolar	vacuolar
vacuole	vacuole
vacuous	vojta
vacuum	vakwu
vagabond	vagabond
vagina	vaġina
vaginal	vaġinali
vagrancy	vagrancy
vagrant	vagrant
vague	vaga
vagueness	vaganza
vainly	vainly
valance	valance
vale	vale
valedictorian	valedictorian
valentine	Valentine
valet	valet
valiant	valenti
valid	validu
validate	jivvalida
validation	validazzjoni
validity	validità
valium	valium
valley	wied
valor	NO TRANSLATION
valuable	ta 'valur
valuables	oġġetti ta 'valur
valuation	valutazzjoni
value	valur
valve	valv
vamoose	NO TRANSLATION
vamp	vamp
vampire	vampire
van	NO TRANSLATION
vandal	vandalu
vandalism	vandaliżmu
vane	vane
vanguard	vanguard
vanilla	vanilla
vanish	jitilqu
vanished	spiċċat
vanishing	tbattal
vanity	vanity
vanquish	vanquish
vanquished	imwieled
vanquishing	il-vapur
vantage	vantaġġ
vapor	fwar
vara	NO TRANSLATION
variable	varjabbli
variance	varjanza
variation	varjazzjoni
variations	varjazzjonijiet
varicella	varikella
varicose	varikużi
varied	varjat
variegated	varjat
variety	varjetà
various	diversi
varmint	varmint
varnish	verniċ
varsity	varsity
vary	ivarja
varying	li tvarja
vascular	vaskulari
vase	vażun
vasectomy	vasectomija
vassal	vassal
vast	vast
vat	bettija
vaudeville	vaudeville
vault	vault
vaulted	mgħawweġ
vaulting	vaulting
veal	vitella
vector	vettur
veer	veer
vega	vega
vegan	vegan
vegetable	veġetali
vegetarian	veġetarjana
vegetarianism	vegetarianism
vegetation	veġetazzjoni
vegetative	veġetattiv
veggie	veggie
vehement	qawwi
vehicle	vettura
veil	velu
veiled	mgħottija
vein	vina
veined	vini
vellum	vellum
velocity	veloċità
velour	velour
velvet	bellus
velvety	bellusin
vena	vena
vendetta	vendetta
vending	vending
vendor	bejjiegħ
veneer	fuljetta
venerable	venerabbli
veneration	venerazzjoni
venereal	venereali
venetian	venetian
vengeance	vengeance
vengeful	vengeful
venison	venison
venom	velenu
venomous	velenuż
venous	venużi
vent	vent
ventilation	ventilazzjoni
ventilator	ventilatur
venting	ventilazzjoni
ventricle	ventrikolu
ventricular	ventrikulari
ventriloquist	ventriloquist
venture	venture
venue	post
veracity	verità
veranda	veranda
verb	verb
verbal	verbali
verbatim	verbatim
verbiage	verbiage
verbose	verbose
verbosity	verbosità
verdant	verdant
verdict	verdett
verge	verge
verification	verifika
verified	verifikata
verify	tivverifika
verily	verily
veritable	veru
vermin	vermin
vermouth	vermut
vernacular	vernakulari
vernal	vernal
veronica	veronica
versatile	versatili
versatility	versatilità
verse	poeżiji
version	verżjoni
versus	kontra
vert	vert
vertebra	vertebra
vertebral	vertebrali
vertex	vertex
vertical	vertikali
vertically	vertikalment
vertigo	vertigo
verve	verve
very negative	ferm negattiv
very positive	pożittiv ħafna
veryangry	NO TRANSLATION
vesicle	vesicle
vesicular	vesikulari
vessel	bastiment
vest	vest
vested	vestit
vestibule	vestibule
vestige	vestige
vet	vet
veteran	veteran
veterinarian	veterinarju
veterinary	veterinarju
veto	veto
vexed	vexed
viability	vijabbiltà
viable	vijabbli
viaduct	vjadott
vial	kunjett
vibe	vibe
vibes	vibes
vibrant	vibranti
vibrate	ivvibra
vibration	vibrazzjoni
vibrator	vibratur
vibratory	vibratorji
vicar	vicar
vicarious	vicarious
vice	viċi versa
viceroy	Viceroy
vicinity	viċinanza
vicious	vizzjuż
victim	vittma
victimized	vittimizzati
victor	victor
victoria	victoria
victorious	rebbieħa
victory	rebħa
video	video
video game	video game
videotape	videotape
vie	NO TRANSLATION
view	ħsieb
viewer	telespettatur
viewing	wiri
viewpoint	perspettiva
vigil	vigil
vigilance	viġilanza
vigilant	viġilanti
vigilante	vigilante
vignette	vignette
vigor	vigor
vigorous	vigoruż
viking	Viking
vile	vile
villa	villa
village	raħal
villager	raħħala
villain	villain
villainous	villainous
vinaigrette	vinagreta
vindicate	vindicate
vindicated	vindicat
vindication	vindication
vindictive	vindictive
vine	dwieli
vinegar	ħall
vineyard	vinja
vintage	vintage
vinyl	vinil
viola	viola
violate	jiksru
violation	ksur
violence	vjolenza
violent	vjolenti
violently	b'mod vjolenti
violet	vjola
violin	vjolin
violinist	vjolinista
viper	viper
viral	virali
virgin	verġni
virginal	virginal
virginity	virginità
virility	virilità
virology	viroloġija
virtual	virtwali
virtually	prattikament
virtue	virtù
virtuoso	virtużuż
virtuous	virtwu
virulence	virulenza
virus	virus
visa	viża
visage	NO TRANSLATION
viscosity	viskożità
viscous	viskuż
vise	NO TRANSLATION
visibility	viżibilità
visible	viżibbli
visibly	b'mod viżibbli
vision	viżjoni
visionary	viżjonarju
visit	żjara
visitation	żjara
visiting	jżuru
visitor	viżitatur
visor	viżiera
vista	vista
visual	viżwali
visualize	Ħares
vital	vitali
vitality	vitalità
vitals	vitali
vitamin	vitamina
vitreous	vitriju
viva	viva
vivacious	vivacious
vivid	stramb
vixen	Vixen
vocabulary	vokabolarju
vocal	vokali
vocalist	vokalista
vocation	vokazzjoni
vodka	vodka
vogue	Vogue
voice	vuċi
voiceless	voiceless
voicemail	voicemail
void	invalidu
volatile	volatili
volatility	volatilità
volcanic	vulkanika
volcano	vulkan
volition	volontarjat
volley	volley
volleyball	volleyball
voltage	vultaġġ
voltmeter	voltmeter
volume	volum
volumes	volumi
voluminous	voluminuż
voluntarily	volontarjament
voluntary	volontarju
volunteer	voluntier
volunteering	volontarjat
volunteers	voluntiera
voluptuous	voluptuous
vomit	tirremetti
vomiting	rimettar
voodoo	voodoo
voracious	voracious
vortex	vortiċi
vote	votazzjoni
voter	votant
voting	votazzjoni
votive	votiva
vouch	vouch
voucher	vawċer
vow	vow
vowel	vokali
voyage	vjaġġ
voyager	vjaġġatur
voyeur	voyeur
vulgar	vulgari
vulgarity	vulgarità
vulnerability	vulnerabbiltà
vulnerable	vulnerabbli
vulture	vulture
wacko	wacko
wacky	wacky
wad	wad
waddle	waddle
wade	wade
wafer	wejfer
waffle	waffle
wag	wag
wage	paga
wager	wager
wages	pagi
wagon	vagun
wail	wail
waist	qadd
waistcoat	sdieri
waistline	qadd
wait	stenna
waiter	wejter
waiting	stennija
waitinggame	NO TRANSLATION
waitress	wejtress
waive	tirrinunzja
waiver	rinunzja
wake	wake
walk	jimxu
walker	walker
walking	mixi
walkout	walkout
wall	ħajt
wallaby	wallaby
wallet	kartiera
wallflower	ħajt tal-ħajt
wallop	wallop
wallow	wallow
wallpaper	wallpaper
walnut	ġewż
walrus	walrus
waltz	waltz
wan	NO TRANSLATION
wand	bastun
wander	wander
wanderer	wanderer
wandering	wandering
wane	wane
waning	qed titbaxxa
wanker	wanker
wannabe	wannabe
wannasleep	NO TRANSLATION
want	trid
wanting	jixtiequ
wanton	wanton
war	gwerra
warbler	warbler
warcrimes	NO TRANSLATION
ward	sala
warden	gwardjan
wardrobe	Gwardarobba
ware	ware
warehouse	maħżen
warfare	gwerra
warhead	warhead
warlike	gwerra
warlock	warlock
warlord	warlord
warm	sħun
warming	tisħin
warms	jisħon
warmth	sħana
warn	iwissu
warned	avżat
warning	twissija
warp	medd
warpath	warpath
warped	imħaffra
warrant	warrant
warranted	ġustifikat
warrants	warrants
warranty	garanzija
warren	warren
warrior	gwerrier
warship	vapur tal-gwerra
wart	felul
wartime	gwerra
wary	attenta
wash	aħsel
washed	maħsula
washer	washer
washing	ħasil
washout	washout
washroom	kamra tal-ħasil
wasp	wasp
waste	skart
wastebasket	tgeżwir tal-bjut
wasted	moħli
wasteful	ħela
wasteland	wasteland
wasting	ħela
watch	għassa
watchdog	għassies
watcher	watcher
watchful	attenti
watchman	NO TRANSLATION
watchout	għassa
watchtower	għassa
water	ilma
water polo	water polo
waterbed	waterbed
watercourse	kanal tal-ilma
watered	irrigat
waterfall	kaskata
waterfront	Waterfront
watering can	tisqija tista '
watermelon	dulliegħa
waterproof	ma jgħaddix ilma
waterworks	xogħlijiet tal-ilma
watery	dgħajjef
wave	mewġa
wavelength	wavelength
waver	waver
wavering	wavering
waves	mewġ
wavy	immewġin
wax	xema '
waxed	waxed
waxy	xama '
way	mod
ways	modi
wayward	wayward
weak	dgħajfa
weaken	iddgħajjef
weakened	imdgħajfa
weakling	dgħajfa
weakly	dgħajjef
weakness	dgħjufija
wealth	ġid
wealthy	Sinjur
weapon	arma
weaponry	armi
wear	jilbsu
wearer	min jilbisha
wearily	wearily
weariness	għeja
wearing	ilbies
weary	weary
weasel	weasel
weather	it-temp
weathered	mimsum
weatherman	tempman
weatherproof	kontra t-temp
weave	nisġa
web	web
website	websajt
wed	wed
wedded	miżżewweġ
wedding	tieġ
wedge	feles
wedlock	żwieġ
wee	wee
weed	weed
weeding	tnaqqija
weeds	ħaxix ħażin
weedy	weedy
weeeee	NO TRANSLATION
week	ġimgħa
weekday	ġimgħa
weekend	weekend
weekly	kull ġimgħa
weenie	weenie
weep	niedja
weeping	weeping
weeping willow	żafżafa tan-nagħaġ
weepy	weepy
weigh	iżen
weighing	l-użin
weight	piż
weightless	mingħajr piż
weightloss	NO TRANSLATION
weights	piżijiet
weighty	b'saħħtu
weir	weir
weird	stramb
weirdness	weirdness
weirdo	weirdo
welcome	merħba
welcomed	merħba
welcoming	tilqa '
weld	weldjatura
welder	Welder
welding	iwweldjar
welfare	benesseri
wellhead	wellhead
wellness	benessri
welsh	Gali
welt	NO TRANSLATION
wen	NO TRANSLATION
wench	wench
werewolf	werewolf
west	punent
westbound	lejn il-punent
western	Punent
wet	imxarrab
wetback	wetback
whack	whack
whale	balieni
whaling	kaċċa għall-balieni
wham	wham
whammy	whammy
wharf	moll
whatdoido	NO TRANSLATION
whatif	kieku
whatmakesmesmile	NO TRANSLATION
whatnot	dak li mhux
whatsoever	tkun xi tkun
whatsthepoint	NO TRANSLATION
wheat	qamħ
wheel	rota
wheel barrow	NO TRANSLATION
wheelbarrow	kabina tar-roti
wheelchair	siġġu tar-roti
wheels	roti
wheeze	ħruq
whelp	whelp
whereabouts	fejn tinsab
wherefore	għalhekk
wherewith	ma 'liema
wherewithal	minn fejn
whet	ħadd
whiff	whiff
whilst	filwaqt
whim	kapriċċ
whimper	whimper
whimsical	whimsical
whimsy	whimsy
whine	whine
whiny	whiny
whip	Whip
whiplash	whiplash
whipped	bit-tarjola
whirl	dawran
whirlpool	idromassaġġi
whirlwind	whirlwind
whisk	whisk
whisker	whisker
whiskers	whiskers
whiskey	whisky
whisky	whisky
whisper	whisper
whispered	whispered
whistle	whistle
whit	whit
white	abjad
whitefish	ħut abjad
whiteness	bjuda
whitewash	whitewash
whitish	bajdani
whittle	kemmxejn
whiz	whiz
whole	sħiħ
wholesale	bl-ingrossa
wholesome	bnin
wholly	kompletament
whoo	whoo
whoop	whoop
whopper	whopper
whopping	whopping
whore	whore
whorehouse	whorehouse
wick	wick
wicked	ħażin
wickedness	Morda
wicker	qasab
wicket	wicket
wide	wiesgħa
widely	b'mod wiesa '
widen	widen
widespread	mifrux
widow	armla
widowed	armel
widower	armel
width	wisa '
wield	wield
wiener	wiener
wienie	NO TRANSLATION
wife	mara
wig	wig
wiggle	wiggle
wight	wight
wiki	wiki
wild	selvaġġ
wildcat	selvaġġ
wildebeest	wildebeest
wilderness	wilderness
wildfire	nar tan-nirien
wildlife	ħajja selvaġġa
will	se
willful	intenzjonat
willies	irqajja
willing	lesti
willingly	minn jeddhom
willingness	rieda
willow	żafżafa
willpower	rieda volontarja
wilt	dbiel
wilted	mwiegħed
wily	wily
wimp	wimp
wimpy	wimpy
win	tirbaħ
wince	wince
winch	winċ
wind	riħ
windbag	windbag
windfall	mhux ippjanat
winding	l-istralċ
windmill	windmill
window	tieqa
windowsill	NO TRANSLATION
windpipe	windpipe
windshield	windskrin
windy	irjiħat
wine	inbid
wine cooler	apparat li jkessaħ l-inbid
wing	ġwienaħ
winged	winged
winger	winger
wingman	wingman
wink	wink
winner	rebbieħ
winning	rebbieħa
winnings	rebħ
wino	NO TRANSLATION
winter	xitwa
winterbreak	NO TRANSLATION
wintertime	xitwa
wintery	xitwa
wintry	xtiewi
wipe	imsaħ
wiper	wiper
wire	wajer
wired	bil-fili
wireless	bla wajers
wiretap	wiretap
wiring	wiring
wis	wis
wisdom	għerf
wise	għaqli
wish	xewqa
wishbone	wishbone
wishful	xewqa
wishing	li jixtiequ
wishmeluck	wishmeluck
wisp	wisp
wistful	wistful
wit	wit
witch	saħħara
witchcraft	witchcraft
withal	withal
withdraw	tirtira
withdrawal	irtirar
withdrawals	irtirar
withdrawn	irtirata
wither	wither
withered	imnaddfa
withering	tbiddel
withhold	iżommu
withholding	iż-żamma
withstand	jifilħu
witless	bla sengħa
witness	xhud
wits	wits
witty	witty
wiz	wiz
wizard	wizard
wobble	wobble
wobbly	wobbly
woe	woe
woeful	woeful
woefully	woefully
wok	wok
wokemeup	NO TRANSLATION
wolf	lupu
wolverine	wolverine
woman	mara
womanhood	mara
womanizer	Maraizer
womanly	femminili
womb	ġuf
wonder	wonder
wonderful	meraviljuż
wonderfully	wonderfully
wonderment	wonderment
wondrous	wondrous
wont	NO TRANSLATION
woo	woo
wood	injam
woodcut	qatgħa ta 'l-injam
wooden	injam
woodland	boskijiet
woodlands	boskijiet
woodpecker	pixxaka
woods	boskijiet
woodshed	woodshed
woodsman	woodsman
woodwork	injam
woody	injam
woof	woof
woohoo	woohoo
wooing	wooing
wool	suf
woolen	tas-suf
woolly	suf
woot	woot
woozy	woozy
wop	wop
word	kelma
wording	kliem
words	kliem
wordy	kelma
work	xogħol
workaholic	workaholic
workbook	ktieb tax-xogħol
worker	ħaddiem
working	xogħol
workings	xogħol
workload	ammont ta 'xogħol
workman	ħaddiem tax-xogħol
workmanship	xogħol tax-xogħol
workout	workout
workplace	post tax-xogħol
works	xogħlijiet
workshop	workshop
workup	workup
world	dinja
worldly	worldly
worldwide	madwar id-dinja
worm	dud
wormhole	wormhole
wormwood	assenzju
worn	jintlibsu
worried	inkwetat
worries	inkwiet
worry	tinkwetax
worrying	inkwetanti
worse	agħar
worsening	li tmur għall-agħar
worship	qima
worshipful	worshipful
worstfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
worth	jiswa
worthless	mingħajr valur
worthwhile	utli
worthy	jistħoqqilhom
wot	wot
would	ikun
wound	ferita
wounded	feruti
wounding	feriment
wounds	feriti
wracking	wracking
wrangler	wrangler
wrangling	tixwit
wrap	wrap
wrapper	ippakkjar
wrapping	tgeżwir
wrath	rabja
wrathful	wrathful
wreak	wreak
wreath	girlanda
wreck	relitt
wreckage	fdalijiet
wrecked	imkisser
wrecker	wrecker
wrench	wrench
wrenching	tbenġil
wrest	wrest
wrestle	wrestle
wrestler	wrestler
wrestling	lotta
wretch	wretch
wretched	ħżiena
wriggle	wriggle
wright	wright
wring	wring
wringer	wringer
wrinkle	tikmix
wrinkled	imkemmxa
wrist	il-polz
wristband	wristband
wristwatch	arloġġ tal-poz
writ	awtur
write	tikteb
writer	kittieb
writing	miktub
written	miktub
wrong	ħażin
wrongdoing	imġiba ħażina
wrongful	illegali
wrongly	ħażin
wrought	wrought
wry	wry
xanax	xanax
xenophobia	il-ksenofobija
xerox	xerox
xmas	xmas
xoxo	xoxo
yaaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaay	NO TRANSLATION
yacht	yacht
yachting	jottijiet
yahoo	yahoo
yak	Yak
yam	yam
yank	yank
yap	NO TRANSLATION
yard	tarzna
yarn	ħjut
yaw	Tidwir
yawn	yawn
yawning	boċċa
yay	yay
yayy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyyy	NO TRANSLATION
yea	yea
yeahhh	yeahhh
yeahhhh	NO TRANSLATION
year	sena
yearbook	annwarju
yearling	sena
yearly	kull sena
yearn	ħaj
yearning	sena
years	snin
yeast	ħmira
yehey	NO TRANSLATION
yell	yell
yeller	yeller
yelling	yelling
yellow	isfar
yellows	sofor
yelp	yelp
yen	yen
yeoman	yeoman
yesss	yesss
yessss	yessss
yesterday	bieraħ
yesteryear	imgħoddija
yew	yew
yey	NO TRANSLATION
yield	rendiment
yielding	rendiment
yo-yo	NO TRANSLATION
yodel	yodel
yoga	yoga
yogi	yogi
yogurt	jogurt
yoke	madmad
yolk	isfar
yon	NO TRANSLATION
yonder	Yonder
young	żgħażagħ
younger	iżgħar
youngster	żgħażagħ
yousuck	yousuck
youth	żgħażagħ
youthful	żagħżugħa
yucky	yucky
yuletide	yuletide
yummy	yummy
yuppie	yuppie
zany	zany
zap	ZAP
zeal	entużjażmu
zealot	zealot
zealous	b'ħeġġa min
zebra	zebra
zen	zen
zenith	zenith
zephyr	zephyr
zeppelin	zeppelin
zest	zest
zesty	zesty
zeta	zeta
zigzag	żigżag
zilch	zilch
zillion	zillion
zinc	żingu
zing	NO TRANSLATION
zip	zip
zipper	żipp
zippy	zippy
zit	NO TRANSLATION
zodiac	Zodiac
zombie	zombie
zone	żona
zoning	zoning
zoo	żoo
zoological	żooloġiku
zoology	żooloġija
zoom	zoom
zucchini	Zucchini
