Word	ny
aaaaaaah	aaaaaah
aaaah	NO TRANSLATION
aardvark	aardvark
aback	onyoza
abacus	abacus
abalone	abalone
abandon	kusiya
abandoned	anasiya
abandonment	kusiya
abashed	kunyozedwa
abate	abate
abatement	kuwombera
abba	abba
abbey	abbey
abbot	NO TRANSLATION
abbreviate	mwachidule
abbreviation	kufotokoza
abdomen	mimba
abdominal	m'mimba
abduct	kuwombera
abduction	kutenga
aberrant	zovuta
aberration	kuchotsedwa
abeyance	kusungulumwa
abhor	kudana
abhorrence	kudana
abhorrent	zonyansa
abide	khalani
abiding	kukhala
ability	luso
abject	zovuta
ablation	kupuma
ablaze	kutentha
able	amatha
abnormal	zachilendo
abnormality	kusalongosoka
aboard	kukwera
abode	amakhala
abolish	kuthetseratu
abolition	kuthetsa
abominable	zonyansa
abominate	zonyansa
abomination	chonyansa
aboriginal	aboriginal
abort	kubwezeretsa
abortion	kuchotsa mimba
abortive	kuchotsa mimba
abound	wochuluka
abovementioned	pamwambapa
abracadabra	abracadabra
abrasion	abrasion
abrasive	zovuta
abreast	zovuta
abroad	kunja
abrogate	kubwetsani
abrupt	mofulumira
abruptly	mwadzidzidzi
abscess	abscess
absence	kupezeka
absent	palibe
absentee	palibe
absenteeism	kupezeka
absinthe	absinthe
absolute	mtheradi
absolution	kusinthika
absolve	tsimikizani
absorb	atenge
absorbed	adatengeka
absorbent	kulandira
absorbing	kumvetsera
absorption	kuyamwa
abstain	pewani
abstention	kusasamala
abstinence	kudziletsa
abstract	zovuta
abstraction	kuchoka
absurd	zopanda pake
absurdity	zopanda pake
abundance	kuchuluka
abundant	wochuluka
abuse	nkhanza
abused	amachitira nkhanza
abusive	amwano
abutment	chigamulo
aby	NO TRANSLATION
abysmal	zovuta
abyss	kuphompho
academic	wophunzira
academy	academy
accede	kuvomereza
accelerant	imathandizira
accelerate	fulumira
accelerated	inapita patsogolo
acceleration	kuthamanga
accelerator	accelerator
accent	kulapa
accentuate	accentuate
accept	kuvomereza
acceptable	zovomerezeka
acceptance	kuvomereza
acceptances	zovomerezeka
access	kupeza
accessible	kupezeka
accession	kufalitsa
accessory	zofikira
accident	ngozi
accidental	mwangozi
accidentally	mwangozi
acclaim	ayamikike
accolade	kuvomereza
accommodate	malo
accommodation	malo ogona
accompaniment	pamodzi
accompany	tsatirani
accompanying	motsatana ndi
accomplice	chiyanjano
accomplish	kukwaniritsa
accomplished	zatheka
accomplishment	zopindulitsa
accord	mogwirizana
accordance	malinga
accordion	accordion
account	akaunti
accountability	kuyankha
accountable	ndikuyankha
accountant	wowerengera
accounting	zowerengera
accounts	nkhani
accredited	ovomerezeka
accretion	kuvomereza
accrue	yowonjezera
accueil	NO TRANSLATION
accumulate	gwirani
accumulation	kudzikundikira
accuracy	molondola
accurate	zolondola
accursed	wotembereredwa
accusation	mlandu
accusative	wotsutsa
accuse	amatsutsa
accused	amatsutsidwa
accuser	wotsutsa
accusing	akuimba mlandu
accustomed	ankazoloŵera
ace	ace
acetic	acetic
acetylene	acetylene
ache	ache
achieve	kukwaniritsa
achieved	zatheka
achievement	kupambana
aching	kupuma
achy	achy
acid	asidi
acidity	acidity
acknowledge	kuvomereza
acknowledged	adavomereza
acknowledgement	kuvomereza
acknowledgment	kuvomereza
acme	acme
acne	ziphuphu
acorn	chikondwerero
acoustic	zokondweretsa
acoustics	zojambula
acquaint	mumadziwana
acquaintance	chidziwitso
acquainted	wodziwa bwino
acquiescence	kuvomereza
acquire	kupeza
acquiring	kupeza
acquisition	kupeza
acquisitions	kupeza
acquit	pezani
acquittal	kumasula
acre	acre
acreage	zovuta
acres	maekala
acrobat	acrobat
acrylic	acrylic
act	chitani
acting	kuchita
action	zochita
action figure	chiwerengero chachithunzi
actionable	kuchita
activate	yambani
activation	kutsegulira
active	yogwira ntchito
activist	wotsutsa
activity	ntchito
actor	wojambula
actress	wojambula
actual	zenizeni
actuality	zenizeni
actuary	zochitika
acuity	chibwibwi
acumen	acumen
acupuncture	kuwombera
acute	zovuta
acutely	mwachangu
ad	malonda
adage	malingaliro
adamant	adamant
adapt	sintha
adaptable	zosinthika
adaptation	kusintha
add	onjezerani
added	adawonjezeredwa
addendum	wonjezerani
adder	adder
addict	chizoloŵezi
addicted	addicted
addiction	kuledzera
addictive	addictive
addition	kuwonjezera
additional	zina
additive	zowonjezera
address	adilesi
addressee	wothandizira
addresses	maadiresi
adept	wodalirika
adequacy	kukwanira
adequate	zokwanira
adhere	kumamatira
adherence	kutsatira
adherent	omvera
adhering	kumamatira
adhesion	kulumikiza
adhesive	zomatira
adieu	adieu
adipose	adipose
adjacency	zapafupi
adjacent	pafupi
adjective	chiganizo
adjoining	kuphatikizapo
adjourn	bwererani
adjournment	kubwereza
adjudicate	akutsutsa
adjudication	chigamulo
adjunct	yambani
adjust	kusintha
adjuster	sinthani
adjustment	kusintha
adjuvant	adjuvant
admin	admin
administer	perekani
administration	ulamuliro
administrative	ulamuliro
administrator	mtsogoleri
admirable	zosangalatsa
admiral	admiral
admiralty	admiralty
admiration	kuyamikira
admire	ayamikireni
admired	amavomereza
admirer	kuyamikira
admiring	kuyamikira
admissibility	kulandira
admissible	amavomerezedwa
admission	kuvomereza
admit	kuvomereza
admittance	kuvomereza
admitted	avomerezedwa
admitting	kuvomereza
admixture	kusakanizikana
admonition	malangizo
ado	ado
adobe	adobe
adolescence	unyamata
adolescent	wachinyamata
adopt	kuthandizira
adoption	kukhazikitsidwa
adoptive	olandira
adorable	zosangalatsa
adoration	kupembedza
adore	kondani
adoring	kumvetsera
adorn	zokongoletsa
adornment	zokongoletsera
adrenalin	adrenalin
adrenaline	adrenaline
adrift	adrift
adult	wamkulu
adulterated	akuphwanyidwa
adulterer	wachigololo
adultery	chigololo
adulthood	wachikulire
advance	kupita patsogolo
advanced	wapita patsogolo
advancement	kupita patsogolo
advancing	kupita patsogolo
advantage	zopindulitsa
advantageous	zopindulitsa
advent	kubwera
adventure	ulendo
adventurer	wopita
adventures	masewera
adventurous	adventurous
adversary	mdani
adverse	zovuta
adversity	mavuto
advertise	lengezani
advertisement	malonda
advertising	malonda
adverts	malonda
advice	malangizo
advisable	ndibwino
advise	kulangiza
advised	adalangizidwa
advisement	Langizani
adviser	mlangizi
advisor	mlangizi
advisory	uphungu
advocacy	kulengeza
advocate	wolimbikitsa
aegis	aegis
aeration	aeration
aerial	mlengalenga
aerobics	aerobics
aerodrome	kutentha kwapadera
aerodynamic	aerodynamic
aerodynamics	zozizwitsa
aeronautics	aeronautics
aeroplane	ndege
aerospace	malo osungirako zinthu
aesthetic	zokongoletsa
aesthetics	aesthetics
aetiology	Etiology
afar	kutali
affable	zosokonezeka
affair	nkhani
affect	zimakhudza
affecting	zomwe zimakhudza
affection	chikondi
affectionate	wachikondi
affections	chikondi
affiche	NO TRANSLATION
affidavit	zovomerezeka
affiliated	ogwirizana
affiliation	kuyanjana
affinity	chiyanjano
affirm	kutsimikiza
affirmation	kutsimikiziridwa
affirmative	zovomerezeka
affirmatively	kutsimikizira
affix	yikani
afflict	kuzunzika
afflicted	ozunzika
affliction	nsautso
affluence	chuma
affluent	olemera
afford	kukwanitsa
affordable	zotsika mtengo
affront	chisokonezo
affronted	kukangana
afield	malo
afire	moto
afloat	kutentha
afore	afore
aforementioned	zomwe tatchulazi
aforesaid	zomwe tatchulazi
afraid	mantha
afresh	mwatsopano
african	African
aft	aft
afterlife	pambuyo pa moyo
aftermath	pambuyo
afternoon	madzulo
aftershave	pambuyo
aftertaste	pambuyo pake
afterthought	pambuyo pake
aga	NO TRANSLATION
agape	agape
agate	agate
age	zaka
aged	okalamba
agency	bungwe
agenda	zochitika
agent	wothandizira
agglomeration	chiwonongeko
aggravate	kukulitsa
aggravated	kuwonjezereka
aggravates	zimakula
aggravating	kukulirakulira
aggravation	zovuta
aggregate	kuphatikiza
aggregation	aggregation
aggresive	NO TRANSLATION
aggression	nkhanza
aggressive	nkhanza
aggressively	mwaukali
aggressiveness	nkhanza
aggressor	nkhanza
agh	agh
aghast	zovuta
aghhh	NO TRANSLATION
agile	zovuta
agility	mphamvu
aging	kukalamba
agitate	sungani
agitated	adagwedezeka
agitation	kusokonezeka
aglow	kuyaka
agnostic	osakhulupirira
ago	kale
agonizing	zowawa
agony	zowawa
agoraphobia	agoraphobia
agree	kuvomereza
agreeable	zovomerezeka
agreed	adagwirizana
agreeing	kuvomereza
agreement	mgwirizano
agressive	NO TRANSLATION
agricultural	ulimi
agriculture	ulimi
aground	pansi
agua	NO TRANSLATION
ahead	patsogolo
ahhh	ah
ahhhhhhhh	NO TRANSLATION
ahoy	ahoy
aid	thandizo
aide	thandizo
aiding	kuthandiza
aids	zothandizira
ail	chosowa
ailing	odwala
ailment	matenda
aim	cholinga
aimless	zopanda pake
air	mpweya
airbag	airbag
airborne	amachoka
aircraft	ndege
aircraft carrier	woyendetsa ndege
airfield	ndege
airhead	mutu wamutu
airlift	ndege
airline	ndege
airliner	ndege
airlock	airlock
airman	airman
airplane	ndege
airport	ndege
airs	mpweya
airship	ndege
airspace	mpweya
airspeed	mpweya
airstrip	bwalo la ndege
airtight	osagwedezeka
airway	ulendo wapansi
aisle	modutsa
ait	NO TRANSLATION
ajar	NO TRANSLATION
aka	aka
akin	mofananira
alabaster	alabaster
alarm	alamu
alarm clock	ola
alarmed	mantha
alarming	zochititsa mantha
alas	tsoka
alb	NO TRANSLATION
albatross	albatross
albino	albino
album	album
alchemy	alchemy
alcohol	mowa
alcoholic	mowa
alcoholism	uchidakwa
alcove	mowa
alderman	alderman
ale	NO TRANSLATION
alert	tcheru
alertness	tcheru
alerts	machenjezo
alfalfa	alfalfa
algebra	algebra
algebraic	algebraic
algorithm	algorithm
alias	alias
alibi	alibi
alien	mlendo
alienate	kuchotsa
alienated	osiyana
alienation	kuchoka
alight	mwatsatanetsatane
align	yanizani
aligned	zigwirizana
alignment	kulumikizana
alike	chimodzimodzi
alimentation	NO TRANSLATION
alimony	alimony
aliquot	aliquot
alive	wamoyo
alkali	alkali
alkaloids	alkaloids
allay	yang'anani
allegation	zifukwa
allege	kunena
alleged	akuti
allegiance	kukhulupirika
allegorical	zophiphiritsira
allegory	zolemba
allegro	allegro
allergic	zosokonezeka
allergy	zovuta
alleviate	kuchepetsa
alleviation	kuchepetsa
alley	alley
alleyway	msewu
alliance	mgwirizano
allied	allied
alligator	alligator
allocate	allocate
allocation	kugawa
allot	allot
allotment	gawo
allow	lolani
allowable	zovomerezeka
allowance	malipiro
allowed	analoledwa
alloy	alloy
allsmiles	NO TRANSLATION
allure	kukopa
alluring	kukonda
allusion	kutchulidwa
alluvial	alluvial
ally	mgwirizano
almanac	almanac
almighty	wamphamvuyonse
almond	amondi
aloft	aloft
aloha	aloha
alone	nokha
alongside	limodzi
aloof	lokha
aloud	mokweza
alpha	alpha
alphabet	zilembo
alphabetical	zojambulajambula
alpine	alpine
alreadyyyyy	kale kale
altar	guwa
altar boy	mnyamata wamchere
alter	kusintha
alteration	kusintha
altercation	kusinthika
altered	anasintha
alternate	zina
alternating	kusinthana
alternative	njira zina
altimeter	altimeter
altitude	pamwamba
alto	alto
altogether	zonse
aluminum	aluminium
alumnus	alumnus
alveolar	zovunda
alzheimers	NO TRANSLATION
amalgam	amalgam
amalgamation	mgwirizano
amaretto	amaretto
amass	amass
amateur	amateur
amaze	zodabwitsa
amazed	kudabwa
amazedness	NO TRANSLATION
amazement	kudabwa
amazing	zodabwitsa
amazingly	zodabwitsa
ambassador	nthumwi
amber	amber
ambience	ambience
ambient	zozungulira
ambiguity	kusamvana
ambiguous	zosamveka
ambit	ambit
ambition	chilakolako
ambitious	zofuna
ambivalent	ambivalent
ambrosia	ambrosia
ambulance	ambulansi
ambush	akubisala
ameliorate	kumvetsetsa
amen	ameni
amenable	amenable
amend	kusintha
amendment	kusintha
amends	amasintha
amenity	zabwino
amethyst	amethyst
amiable	wokondeka
amicable	zokondweretsa
amid	pakati
amidst	pakati
amino	amino
ammo	ammo
ammonia	ammonia
ammonium	ammonium
ammunition	zida
amnesia	amnesia
amnesty	chikhululuko
amorous	okonda
amorphous	amorphous
amortization	kubwezera
amount	kuchuluka
amour	NO TRANSLATION
amp	amp
ampersand	ampersand
amphetamines	amphetamines
amphibian	amphibian
amphibious	amphibious
amphitheater	masewera
ample	zokwanira
amplification	kukweza
amplify	kukulitsa
amplitude	matalikidwe
amply	mokwanira
amputate	bweza
amputation	kuchotsa
amuck	amuck
amulet	amulet
amuse	kondwerani
amused	amanyansidwa
amusement	zosangalatsa
amusing	kusangalatsa
ana	NO TRANSLATION
anaconda	anaconda
anaesthesia	anesthesia
anaesthetic	kupweteka
anagram	anagram
anal	anal
analgesic	analgesic
analogous	analogous
analogue	analogue
analogy	analogy
analysis	kusanthula
analyst	wofufuza
analytic	kulingalira
analytical	kusinkhasinkha
analyze	sinkhasinkha
analyzer	analyzer
anaphylactic	anaphylactic
anarchism	anarchism
anarchist	anarchist
anarchy	chisokonezo
anastomosis	anastomosis
anathema	anathema
anatomic	anatomic
anatomy	anatomy
ancestor	kholo
ancestral	makolo
ancestry	makolo
anchor	nangula
anchorage	anchorage
ancient	wakale
ancillary	zovomerezeka
androgen	androgen
android	android
anecdote	anecdote
anemia	kuperewera kwa magazi
anemic	mliri
anemone	anemone
anesthesia	anesthesia
anesthesiologist	katswiri wamagetsi
anesthetic	kupweteka
aneurysm	aneurysm
anew	watsopano
angel	mngelo
angelic	angelo
anger	mkwiyo
angered	anakwiya
angermanagement	NO TRANSLATION
angina	angina
angiogram	chiwonetsero
angiography	angiography
angle	ngodya
angling	kuwomba
angora	angora
angriest	zowawa
angry	wokwiya
angrytweet	NO TRANSLATION
angst	osst
anguish	zowawa
anguished	ndikumva chisoni
angular	zovuta
anhydrous	anhydrous
animal	nyama
animate	pangani
animated	animated
animation	zojambula
animosity	chidani
animus	animus
ankle	ankle
anklet	anklet
annals	annals
annex	annex
annexation	kulembedwa
annexe	NO TRANSLATION
annihilate	chiwonongeko
annihilated	anawonongedwa
annihilation	chiwonongeko
anniversary	tsiku lachikumbutso
annotate	wonaninso
annotation	ndemanga
announce	kulengeza
announcement	kulengeza
announcer	wolengeza
annoy	kukwiya
annoyance	kukwiya
annoyed	anakwiya
annoyin	NO TRANSLATION
annoying	zokhumudwitsa
annoys	zimakwiyitsa
annual	pachaka
annuity	annuity
annul	pezani
annular	annular
annulment	kusokoneza
annulus	annulus
anointed	odzozedwa
anointing	kudzoza
anomalous	anomalous
anomaly	zovuta
anon	anon
anonymity	kudziwika
anonymous	osadziwika
anorexic	anorexic
answer	Yankhani
answerable	yankho
answering	kuyankha
ant	nyerere
antagonism	kutsutsana
antagonist	wotsutsa
antagonistic	kutsutsa
antagonize	adagonze
ante	NO TRANSLATION
antecedent	zotsutsana
antelope	antelope
antenna	antenna
anterior	anterior
anthem	nyimbo
anthill	nthano
anthology	anthology
anthrax	anthrax
anthropological	anthropological
anthropologist	katswiri wa chikhalidwe
anthropology	anthropology
anti	anti
antiaircraft	antiaircraft
antibiotic	maantibayotiki
antibiotics	maantibayotiki
antichrist	wotsutsakhristu
anticipate	yang'anani
anticipation	kuyembekezera
anticipatory	mwachidwi
antics	zamatsenga
antidote	antidote
antifungal	antifungal
antigravity	zotsutsana ndi chilengedwe
antimony	antimoni
antipathy	kusamvera
antiquarian	antiquarian
antiquated	adasinthidwa
antique	zachikale
antiques	antiques
antiquity	zakale
antiseptic	mankhwala osokoneza bongo
antisocial	kusagwirizana
antithesis	chiwonetsero
antithetical	antithetical
antiviral	antiviral
antler	antler
antsy	antsy
anus	anus
anvil	chikumbutso
anxiety	nkhawa
anxietyattack	NO TRANSLATION
anxious	nkhawa
anxiousness	nkhawa
anytime	nthawi iliyonse
aorta	aorta
aortic	aortic
apace	mosamala
apache	apache
apartment	nyumba
apartments	nyumba
apathetic	osasamala
apathy	kusasamala
ape	ape
aperture	kutsegula
apex	mphindi
aphid	aphid
aphrodisiac	aphrodisiac
apiece	kagawo
aplomb	aplomb
apocalypse	apocalypse
apocalyptic	apocalyptic
apologetic	kupepesa
apologist	wolemba mapemphero
apologize	Pepesani
apology	kupepesa
apostasy	ampatuko
apostate	ampatuko
apostle	Mtumwi
apostolic	atumwi
apostrophe	apostrophe
apothecary	apothecary
appalled	kudabwa
appalling	zochititsa mantha
apparatus	zipangizo
apparel	zovala
apparent	zooneka
apparently	mwachiwonekere
apparition	maonekedwe
appeal	pempho
appear	kuonekera
appearance	maonekedwe
appease	sangalitsani
appellant	wotsutsa
append	yambani
appendage	zopangira
appendectomy	appendectomy
appendicitis	chidziwitso
appendix	zowonjezereka
appetite	njala
appetizer	chikumbutso
appetizing	zokondweretsa
applaud	ndikuwomba
applause	amawomba
apple	apulosi
apple juice	madzi apulo
applejack	apulojack
applesauce	apuloauce
appliance	chogwiritsira ntchito
appliances	zipangizo zamagetsi
applicability	kugwiritsa ntchito
applicable	zogwira ntchito
applicant	wopempha
application	ntchito
apply	ntchito
appoint	ikani
appointment	kusonkhana
appointments	zosankhidwa
apportion	kugawa
apportionment	kugawa
appraisal	kuyesa
appraise	onaninso
appreciable	kuyamikira
appreciate	kuyamikira
appreciated	amayamikira
appreciates	amayamikira
appreciation	kuyamikira
appreciative	kuyamikira
apprehend	gwirani
apprehension	mantha
apprehensive	mantha
apprentice	phunzirani
apprenticeship	kuphunzira
approach	yandikira
approaching	kuyandikira
approbate	NO TRANSLATION
approbation	kuvomereza
appropriate	zoyenera
appropriation	mayendedwe
approval	kuvomereza
approve	kuvomereza
approved	amavomerezedwa
approvement	kuvomereza
approving	kuvomereza
approximate	pafupifupi
approximately	pafupifupi
approximating	pafupifupi
approximation	chiwerengero
appurtenances	zopereka
apricot	apurikoti
apron	apron
apt	zoyenera
aptitude	aptitude
aqua	madzi
aquamarine	aquamarine
aquarium	aquarium
aquatic	m'madzi
aqueduct	ngalande
aqueous	aqueous
arable	arable
arbiter	wotsutsa
arbitrary	kusasamala
arbitrate	akutsutsana
arbitration	kukangana
arbitrator	mkangano
arbor	arbor
arc	arc
arcade	Arcade
arcane	arcane
arch	chingwe
archaeological	zofukula
archaeologist	wofukula zinthu zakale
archaeology	mabwinja
archaic	zamatsenga
archangel	mngelo wamkulu
archbishop	bishopu wamkulu
archdiocese	archdiocese
archduke	chigamulo
arched	inamangidwa
archer	woponya mivi
archery	kuponya mfuti
archetype	archetype
archipelago	zilumba
architect	wokonza mapulani
architectural	zomangamanga
architecture	zomangamanga
archive	mbiri
arctic	zamakono
ardent	mwamphamvu
ardor	kukonda
arduous	zovuta
area	dera
arena	masewera
areola	areola
areyoukidding	NO TRANSLATION
areyoukiddingme	NO TRANSLATION
argent	NO TRANSLATION
argh	mkondo
arghh	NO TRANSLATION
arghhhh	NO TRANSLATION
argue	kutsutsana
argument	ndewu
argumentation	ndemanga
argumentative	kukangana
arguments	zifukwa
arid	louma
arise	muka
aristocracy	aristocracy
aristocrat	aristocrat
aristocratic	olemekezeka
arithmetic	masamu
ark	chombo
arm	mkono
armada	armada
armament	zida
armaments	zida
armature	zida
armchair	wolowa manja
armed	zida
armor	zida
armored	zida zankhondo
armory	armory
armpit	kumenyana
arms	mikono
army	asilikali
aroma	fungo
aromatherapy	aromatherapy
arousal	kudzutsa
arouse	dzutsa
aroused	adawukitsidwa
arraignment	kusamvana
arrange	konzani
arranged	anakonza
arrangement	makonzedwe
array	zolemba
arrears	malipiro
arrest	kumangidwa
arrhythmia	arrhythmia
arrival	kufika
arrive	kufika
arrogance	kudzikweza
arrogant	odzikuza
arrow	Mtsinje
arsehole	kupitiliza
arseholes	arseholes
arsenal	arsenal
arsenic	arsenic
arson	chophimba
arsonist	wojambula
art	zojambulajambula
arterial	zovuta
artery	chida
artful	zowoneka bwino
arthritis	nyamakazi
arthropod	arthropod
artichoke	atitchoku
article	nkhani
articles	nkhani
articulate	fotokozani
articulation	kufotokozera
artifact	chojambula
artifice	zopangira
artificial	kupanga
artillery	zida zankhondo
artisan	wojambulajambula
artist	wojambula
artiste	NO TRANSLATION
artistic	zojambulajambula
artistry	zojambulajambula
artists	ojambula
artwork	zithunzi
arty	arty
asap	posachedwa
asbestos	asbesito
ascend	kukwera
ascendancy	kukwera
ascendant	ascendant
ascending	kukwera
ascension	kukwera
ascent	msinkhu
ascertain	kudziwa
ascertained	adatsimikiziridwa
ascetic	wokondweretsa
ash	phulusa
ashamed	manyazi
ashes	phulusa
ashtray	ashtray
asinine	asinine
ask	funsani
asleeep	NO TRANSLATION
asleep	akugona
asp	asp
asparagus	katsitsumzukwa
aspartame	aspartame
aspect	mbali
aspects	zinthu
aspen	aspen
asphalt	asphalt
asphyxia	asphyxia
asphyxiation	kusokoneza maganizo
aspiration	kufuna
aspire	kufuna
aspirin	aspirin
aspiring	kufuna
ass	bulu
assail	kuzunzidwa
assailant	wotsutsa
assassin	wakupha
assassinate	kupha
assassination	kuphedwa
assault	chiwawa
assay	kuyesa
assemblage	kusonkhana
assemble	kusonkhana
assembled	anasonkhana
assembly	msonkhano
assemblyman	mtsogoleri
assent	kuvomereza
assert	nenani
asserting	kunena
assertion	kunena
assertive	zolingalira
assess	onetsetsani
assessment	kuyesa
assessor	wofufuza
asset	chuma
assets	katundu
asshole	Chitsiru
assign	perekani
assignee	assignee
assignment	ntchito
assimilate	kuwonetsa
assimilation	kuyanjana
assist	kuthandiza
assistance	thandizo
assistant	wothandizira
associate	kucheza
association	kucheza
assorted	akutsitsimutsa
assortment	zovomerezeka
assuage	kutsuka
assume	taganizirani
assumed	akuganiza
assuming	kuganiza
assumption	malingaliro
assurance	chitsimikizo
assure	tsimikizirani
assured	otsimikiza
assuredly	motsimikiza
asterisk	asterisk
asteroid	asteroid
asteroids	asteroids
asthma	mphumu
asthmatic	asthmatic
astigmatism	astigmatism
astonish	kudabwa
astonished	anadabwa
astonishing	zodabwitsa
astonishingly	NO TRANSLATION
astonishment	kudabwa
astound	zodabwitsa
astral	astral
astray	kusocheretsa
astringent	astringent
astrologer	nyenyezi
astrology	nyenyezi
astronaut	astronaut
astronomer	nyenyezi
astronomical	zakuthambo
astronomy	zakuthambo
astute	ozindikira
asunder	patukana
asylum	Chothandizira
asymmetric	osakanikirana
asymmetry	asymmetry
asymptotic	asymptotic
atelier	nkhokwe
atheism	kusakhulupirira Mulungu
atheist	osakhulupirira kuti kuli Mulungu
atheistic	osakhulupirira kuti kuli Mulungu
atherosclerosis	atherosclerosis
athlete	wothamanga
athletic	othamanga
athleticism	masewera
athletics	masewera
atlas	atlas
atmosphere	mpweya
atmospheric	mlengalenga
atoll	atoll
atom	atomu
atomic	atomiki
atone	zonyansa
atonement	machimo
atpeace	atpeace
atrium	atrium
atrocious	zowawa
atrocity	nkhanza
atrophy	atrophy
attach	tumizani
attached	chotsatira
attachment	chotsatira
attack	kuukira
attacker	wotsutsa
attacking	kuwukira
attain	kufika
attainable	zopezeka
attainment	kupeza
attempt	yesetsani
attempted	kuyesa
attend	tengani
attendance	kupezeka
attendant	mtumiki
attention	tcherani
attentionseeker	NO TRANSLATION
attentionseekers	NO TRANSLATION
attentive	mosamala
attenuate	attenuate
attenuated	attenuated
attenuation	kusungidwa
attest	amatsimikizira
attestation	umboni
attic	chapamwamba
attire	zovala
attitude	maganizo
attorney	woweruza mlandu
attract	kukopa
attraction	kukopa
attractive	wokongola
attractiveness	kukongola
attributable	zofunikira
attribute	malingaliro
attribution	kupereka
attrition	mawonekedwe
auburn	auburn
auction	malonda
auctioneer	wogulitsa
audacious	olimba mtima
audacity	kulimbika mtima
audible	kumva
audience	omvera
audio	audio
audit	zofufuza
audition	kuyesa
auditions	auditions
auditor	wolemba mabuku
auditorium	holo
auditory	zofufuza
aught	zilizonse
augment	augment
augmentation	augmentation
august	August
aunt	azakhali
auntie	auntie
aura	aura
aurora	aurora
auspices	zovuta
auspicious	zosavuta
austere	zosavuta
austerity	chisokonezo
authentic	zenizeni
authenticate	kutsimikizira
authentication	kutsimikiziridwa
authenticity	zenizeni
author	wolemba
authoritative	wovomerezeka
authority	ulamuliro
authorization	chilolezo
authorize	avomereze
authorized	ovomerezeka
authorship	wolemba
autism	autism
autistic	autistic
auto	galimoto
autobiographical	zojambulajambula
autobiography	zojambulajambula
autocorrect	kudziwonetsera
autocratic	autocracy
autograph	autograph
autographed	autographed
automated	mwadzidzidzi
automatic	zosavuta
automobile	galimoto
automotive	magalimoto
autonomy	kudzilamulira
autopilot	autopilot
autopsy	autopsy
autumn	m'dzinja
auxiliary	wothandizira
avail	zilipo
availability	kupezeka
available	zilipo
avalanche	zovuta
avarice	avarice
avatar	avatar
avenge	kubwezera
avenger	wobwezera
avenging	kubwezera
avenue	njira
aver	NO TRANSLATION
average	pafupifupi
aversation	NO TRANSLATION
averse	kutsutsana
averseness	kusokoneza
aversion	chisokonezo
avert	sungani
aviary	aviary
aviation	kuyendetsa ndege
aviator	aviator
avid	mwamphamvu
avocado	peyala
avoid	pewani
avoidance	kupeŵa
avoiding	kupeŵa
await	dikirani
awake	dzuka
awaken	kudzutsidwa
awakening	kudzutsidwa
award	mphoto
awards	mphoto
aware	mukudziwa
awareness	kuzindikira
awe	NO TRANSLATION
awed	adalitsidwa
awesome	zodabwitsa
awesomeness	zoopsa
awestruck	zovuta
awful	zoopsa
awkward	zovuta
awkwardness	zovuta
awning	awning
awry	awry
axe	nkhwangwa
axial	axial
axiom	axiom
axiomatic	axiomatic
axis	mzere
axle	tsinde
ay	ay
aye	aye
azimuth	azimuth
azure	zitsitsimutso
babble	abble
babbling	kumalankhula
babe	babe
baboon	bowa
baby	mwana
babysit	babysit
babysitter	babysitter
baccalaureate	Baccalaureate
baccarat	baccarat
bachelor	Bachelor
bachelorette	bachelorette
back	kumbuyo
backboard	kumbuyo
backbone	nsana
backdoor	khomo lakumbuyo
backdrop	kumbuyo
backer	wobwezera
backfire	kubwerera
backgammon	backgammon
background	mbiri
backhand	backhand
backhoe	chophika
backoff	mbale
backpack	chikwangwani
backpacker	backpacker
backroom	kumbuyo
backseat	nsanamira
backside	kumbuyo
backtrack	kumbuyo
backup	kusunga
backward	kumbuyo
backwardness	kubwerera
backwards	kumbuyo
backwater	kumbuyo kwa madzi
backwoods	backwoods
backyard	kumbuyo
bacon	Nyamba yankhumba
bacteria	mabakiteriya
bacterial	mabakiteriya
bacterium	bakiteriya
bad	zoipa
badass	badass
badday	NO TRANSLATION
badfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
badge	beji
badger	zikopa
badhabit	NO TRANSLATION
badly	zoipa
badness	zoipa
baffle	bwerani
baffled	adachita mantha
bag	thumba
bagel	bagel
baggage	Katundu
baggie	baggie
baggy	thumba
bagman	bagman
bagpipes	mabampu
bail	bail
bailiff	wotsogolera
bait	nyambo
bake	kuphika
bakery	bakery
baking	kuphika
bal	NO TRANSLATION
balance	malire
balanced	mwakhama
balcony	khonde
bald	msuzi
balding	kusamba
baldy	wodwala
bale	bale
balk	balk
ball	mpira
ballad	ballad
ballast	ballast
ballerina	ballerina
ballet	ballet
ballgame	ballgame
ballistic	zovuta
ballistics	ballistics
balloon	baluni
ballot	kuvota
ballpark	mpira
ballplayer	ballplayer
ballpoint	mpira
ballroom	ballroom
ballsy	mipira
balm	mafuta
balmy	zonyansa
balsam	balsamu
balsamic	balsamic
bam	bam
bamboo	nsalu
ban	NO TRANSLATION
banana	nthochi
band	gulu
bandage	bandage
bandanna	NO TRANSLATION
bandit	bandit
bandstand	bandstand
bandwagon	bandwagon
bandwidth	Bandwidth
bane	bane
bang	bang
banger	banger
banish	zitha
banished	anathamangitsidwa
banishment	kuchotsedwa
banister	banister
banjo	banjo
bank	banki
banker	wogulitsa
banking	banking
bankroll	bankroll
bankrupt	bankrupt
bankruptcy	bankruptcy
banner	banner
banquet	phwando
banshee	banshee
banter	banter
banzai	NO TRANSLATION
baptism	ubatizo
baptismal	kubatizidwa
baptize	kubatiza
bar	bala
barb	nthiti
barbarian	wachilendo
barbaric	zovuta
barbarism	nkhanza
barbecue	kanyenya
barbed	kupaka
barber	zophimba
barbershop	kometela
barbie doll	barbie chidole
bard	bard
bare	opanda
bareback	bareback
barefoot	opanda nsapato
barely	palibe
barf	barf
bargain	kambiranani
bargaining	kukambirana
barge	mpanda
baritone	baritone
barium	barium
bark	makungwa
barkeep	barkeep
barks	amavutitsa
barley	balere
barmaid	zovuta
barman	barman
barn	nkhokwe
barnacle	choyimira
barney	barney
barnyard	barnyard
barometer	barometer
baron	baron
baroness	zopanda pake
baroque	baroque
barrack	barrack
barracuda	barracuda
barrage	kumenyana
barred	zinaletsedwa
barrel	mbiya
barren	wosabereka
barricade	mipiringidzo
barrier	chotchinga
barring	kulekanitsa
barrister	wopikisana
barroom	barroom
barrow	barrow
bartender	bartender
barter	kusintha
base	maziko
baseball	baseball
baseball bat	baseball bat
baseboard	baseboard
baseless	zopanda pake
baseline	maziko
baseman	baseman
basement	pansi
bases	maziko
bash	bash
bashful	bashful
basic	zofunikira
basics	zofunikira
basil	basil
basilica	tchalitchi
basin	beseni
basis	maziko
bask	bask
basket	dengu
basketball	basketball
bass	bass
bass guitar	basita guitar
basso	NO TRANSLATION
bassoon	phokoso
bastard	Chitsiru
bastarding	kunyada
bastards	ziphuphu
bastion	maziko
bat	bat
batch	batch
batching	kuwomba
bate	NO TRANSLATION
bath	kusamba
bathe	kusamba
bathhouse	bathhouse
bathing	kusamba
bathrobe	kusamba
bathroom	bafa
bathtub	bafa
bathymetry	bathymetry
baton	baton
battalion	battalion
batter	kumenyana
battered	anamenyedwa
battering	kumenyana
battery	batteries
battle	nkhondo
battled	nkhondo
battlefield	nkhondo
battleground	malo omenyera nkhondo
battlements	nkhondo
battleship	nkhondo
batty	batty
bauble	bauble
bawdy	bawdy
bawl	bawl
bay	Bay
bayonet	bayonet
bayou	bayou
bazaar	bazaar
bazooka	bazooka
bday	bday
be	khalani
beach	gombe
beaches	mabombe
beacon	beacon
bead	bead
beading	kumveka
beads	mikanda
beady	beady
beagle	chiwombankhanga
beak	mulomo
beaker	beaker
beam	dothi
beaming	kuwomba
bean	nyemba
beanbag	beanbag
beanie	beanie
bear	kunyamula
bearable	zonyamulidwa
beard	ndevu
bearded	bearded
bearer	wonyamula
bearing	atanyamula
bearings	zipangizo
bearish	bearish
bearskin	ziboliboli
beast	chirombo
beastly	chirombo
beat	kumenya
beaten	kumenyedwa
beater	chiwonetsero
beating	kumenya
beatnik	beatnik
beau	lokongola
beautification	kukongoletsa
beautiful	wokongola
beautify	khalani okongola
beauty	kukongola
beaver	beever
bebop	bebop
beck	beck
beckon	beckon
become	khalani
bed	bedi
bedding	zogona
bedpan	malonda
bedrock	phokoso
bedroom	chipinda chogona
bedside	pogona
bedspread	chovala
bedtime	nthawi yogona
bee	njuchi
beef	ng'ombe
beefsteak	beefsteak
beehive	njuchi
beep	beep
beeper	beeper
beer	mowa
bees	njuchi
beeswax	phula
beetle	kachilomboka
befall	ziwonongeke
befitting	zoyenera
befriend	kukhala bwenzi
befuddled	kuthamangitsidwa
beg	pemphani
beggar	wopemphapempha
begging	kupempha
begin	yamba
beginner	woyamba
beginning	kuyamba
beginnings	zoyambira
begrudge	kunyada
begun	yambani
behappy	NO TRANSLATION
behave	makhalidwe
behavior	khalidwe
behavioral	makhalidwe
behemoth	behemoth
behest	khalani okonzeka
behold	tawonani
beholden	onani
beholder	onani
beige	beige
belated	amamenyedwa
belay	belay
belch	belch
belief	chikhulupiliro
believable	ndikukhulupirira
believe	khulupirirani
believed	anakhulupirira
believer	wokhulupirira
believing	kukhulupirira
belittle	onyoza
belittled	kunyozedwa
bell	belu
bellboy	bellboy
bellhop	bellhop
belligerent	nkhanza
bellman	bellman
bellow	mimba
bellows	mimba
belly	mimba
bellybutton	mchombo
bellyful	mimba
belong	ndizo
belongings	zinthu
beloved	okondedwa
belt	lamba
beluga	beluga
bemused	amatsutsa
bench	benchi
bend	khala
bender	bender
bending	kupindika
beneath	pansi
benedictory	benedictory
benefactor	wopindulitsa
beneficial	zopindulitsa
beneficiary	wopindula
benefit	pindula
benevolence	zokoma
benevolent	zabwino
benign	benign
bent	akuwerama
benzene	benzene
bequeath	bequeath
bequest	kukakamiza
bereaved	omwalira
bereavement	kumwalira
bereft	omwalira
beret	beret
bergamot	bergamot
berlin	Berlin
berserk	berserk
berth	nthiti
beryllium	beryllium
beseech	pemphani
beset	kumenyana
bestdayever	bestdayever
bestfeeling	zabwino
bestfriends	abwenzi apamtima
bestial	kumenyana
besties	besties
bestow	perekani
bestseller	logulitsidwa kwambiri
bet	bet
beta	beta
betray	akupereka
betrayal	kusakhulupirika
betrayed	woperekedwa
betrothed	amamunyoza
betterment	bwino
betting	kubetcha
betty	betty
bevel	bevel
beverage	zakumwa
bevy	bevy
beware	samalani
bewilder	kudodometsedwa
bewildered	osokonezeka
bewilderment	kudodometsedwa
bias	kukonda
biased	kunyozeka
bib	zolemba
bible	Baibulo
biblical	Baibulo
bibliography	zolemba
bicarbonate	bicarbonate
bicentennial	bicentennial
biceps	mipiringidzo
bicker	kukangana
bickering	kukangana
bicolor	bicolor
bicycle	njinga
bid	mpikisano
bidder	wogulitsa
bidding	kuyesa
bide	NO TRANSLATION
biennial	zabwino
bier	NO TRANSLATION
bifurcation	kusakaniza
big	chachikulu
bigamy	bigamy
bigday	tsiku lalikulu
biggestfear	NO TRANSLATION
biggie	biggie
bighorn	bighorn
bigmouth	bigmouth
bigot	bigot
bigoted	adagwedezeka
bigotry	tsankho
bike	njinga
biker	biker
bikini	bikini
bilateral	mgwirizano
bilayer	bilayer
bile	bile
bilge	bilge
bilingual	zilankhulo ziwiri
bill	ndalama
billboard	chikwangwani
billet	billet
billiard	mabiliyoni
billiards	mabiliyoni
billing	kulipira
billion	biliyoni
billionaire	mabiliyoni
billy	billy
bimbo	bimbo
bimonthly	bimonthly
bin	bin
binary	binary
bind	kumanga
binder	binder
bindery	zolembera
binding	kumanga
bing	bing
binge	kumwa mowa
bingo	bingo
binocular	binocular
binoculars	zojambulajambula
binomial	binomial
bio	bio
biochemical	zamoyo
biochemist	katswiri wamagetsi
biochemistry	biochemistry
biogenesis	biogenesis
biographer	wolemba mbiri
biography	biography
biological	zamoyo
biologist	katswiri wa sayansi ya zamoyo
biology	biology
bionic	zamoyo
biopsy	biopsy
biosphere	zachilengedwe
bipartite	bipartite
bipolar	bipolar
birch	birch
bird	mbalame
birdcage	mbalame
birdie	birdie
birdman	mbalaman
birth	kubadwa
birthday	tsiku lobadwa
birthing	birthing
birthmark	birthmark
birthplace	malo obadwira
birthright	ufulu wakubadwa
bis	NO TRANSLATION
biscuit	biscuit
bisexual	okwatirana
bishop	bishopu
bison	njuchi
bisque	bhisikali
bistro	bistro
bit	bit
bitch	bitch
bitchy	bitchy
bite	kuluma
biter	NO TRANSLATION
bitsy	bitsy
bitter	zowawa
bitterly	zowawa
bitterness	kuwawa
bittersweet	kuthamanga
bitty	pang'ono
bitumen	bitume
biweekly	biweekly
biz	biz
bizarre	zodabwitsa
blab	mphutsi
blabbermouth	blabbermouth
black	wakuda
black snake	njoka yakuda
blackberry	mabulosi akuda
blackbird	mbira
blackboard	bolodi
blacken	mdima
blackface	blackface
blackjack	blackjack
blacklist	olemba mndandanda
blackmail	wosasamala
blackmailer	wojambula
blackness	wakuda
blackout	wakuda
blacksmith	wosula zitsulo
bladder	chikhodzodzo
blade	tsamba
blame	mlandu
blameless	wopanda cholakwa
bland	bland
blank	palibe kanthu
blanket	bulangeti
blare	zamoto
blase	NO TRANSLATION
blasphemous	wonyoza
blasphemy	mwano
blast	kuphulika
blaster	blaster
blastoff	kupweteka
blatant	zosaoneka
blather	sungani
blaze	yatsala
blazer	blazer
blazing	kuyaka
bleach	bleach
bleak	wodetsedwa
bleed	kutuluka magazi
bleeder	bleeder
bleeding	magazi
bleep	bleep
blemish	chilema
blemished	wofooka
blend	kuphatikiza
blender	blender
blending	kusakanikirana
bless	dalitsani
blessed	wadalitsidwa
blessing	madalitso
blessings	madalitso
bleu	bleu
blight	choipitsa
blighted	zowonongeka
blimp	blimp
blind	wakhungu
blinded	anachititsidwa khungu
blindfold	kuphimbidwa khungu
blindfolded	zophimbidwa khungu
blinding	kuchititsa khungu
blindly	mwakhungu
blindness	khungu
blink	blink
blip	blip
bliss	chisangalalo
blissful	zokondweretsa
blister	blister
blistering	kuthamanga
blitz	blitz
blizzard	blizzard
bloat	sungani
bloated	yamasulidwa
blob	blob
block	chotsani
blockade	blockade
blockage	blockage
blockbuster	blockbuster
blockhead	mutu wamutu
blog	blog
bloke	bloke
blond	blond
blonde	blonde
blood	magazi
bloodbath	magazi
bloodhound	magazihound
bloodless	opanda magazi
bloodline	magazi
bloodshed	kukhetsa mwazi
bloodshot	magazishot
bloodstream	magazi
bloodthirsty	magazi
bloody	magazi
bloom	pachimake
bloomers	bloomers
blooming	ikufalikira
blossom	ukuphuka
blot	pekani
blotched	adatsekedwa
blotter	blotsani
blouse	khalala
blow	kupweteka
blower	phokoso
blowfish	blowfish
blowing	kuwomba
blowjob	blowjob
blown	kuwomba
blowout	phulika
blowtorch	blowtorch
blubber	wopusa
bluddy	bluddy
blue	buluu
blue spruce	mtundu wa buluu
blueberry	mabulosi abulu
bluebird	bluebird
bluegrass	bluegrass
bluejay	bluejay
blueprint	chojambula
blues	blues
bluff	bluff
bluish	bluish
blunder	zolakwika
blunt	zosavuta
blur	fungo
blurred	zovuta
blurry	zolaula
blurt	blurt
blush	manyazi
blushing	blushing
boa	NO TRANSLATION
boa constrictor	NO TRANSLATION
boar	boar
board	bolodi
board game	masewera a masewera
boarder	NO TRANSLATION
boarding	kukwera
boardroom	boardroom
boards	matabwa
boardwalk	boardwalk
boast	kudzitama
boastful	wodzitama
boasting	kudzitama
boat	boti
boathouse	boathouse
boating	boti
boatload	bwato
boatman	boatman
bobbin	bobbin
bobcat	bobcat
bobsled	bobsled
bode	bode
bodega	bodega
bodice	bodice
bodily	thupi
body	thupi
bodyguard	woteteza
bog	thumba
bogey	bogey
bogeyman	bogeyman
bogus	chinyengo
bohemian	bohemian
boil	wiritsani
boiler	boiler
boilerplate	boilerplate
boiling	otentha
boisterous	zovuta
bold	molimba mtima
boldness	kulimba mtima
bollocks	bollocks
bolster	chitetezo
bolt	chipika
bolus	bolus
bomb	bomba
bombard	bombard
bombardier	bombardier
bombardment	mabomba
bombed	bombed
bomber	bomba
bombers	mabomba
bombing	kubomba mabomba
bombshell	mabomba
bonanza	bonanza
bonbon	NO TRANSLATION
bond	mgwirizano
bondage	ukapolo
bonding	kugwirizana
bonds	mabungwe
bondsman	kapolo
bone	fupa
bonehead	bonehead
boner	boner
bones	mafupa
bonfire	moto wamoto
bong	bong
bonkers	bonkers
bonne	NO TRANSLATION
bonnet	bonnet
bonny	bonny
bonsai	bonsai
bonus	bonasi
bony	bony
boo	boo
boob	boob
booby	booby
booger	booger
boogeyman	akuyamika
boogie	boogie
book	bukhu
bookcase	kabukuka
bookie	mphutsi
booking	kusunga
bookish	bukhu
bookkeeper	wolemba mabuku
bookkeeping	kusunga
booklet	kabuku
bookmaker	wolemba mabuku
bookmark	bookmark
books	mabuku
bookseller	wogulitsa mabuku
bookshop	bookshop
bookstore	yosungiramo mabuku
bookworm	bookworm
boom	boom
boomer	zitha
boomerang	boomerang
booming	ikukula
boon	boon
boooo	NO TRANSLATION
boost	kulimbikitsa
booster	chilimbikitso
boot	boot
booth	nyumba
bootleg	bootleg
bootlegger	bootlegger
boots	nsapato
booty	zofunkha
booze	fuze
bop	kudumpha
bopper	mpikisano
border	malire
bordering	malire
borderline	malire
bore	anabala
boreal	boreal
bored	kunjenjemera
boredom	kudzikuza
borer	borer
boring	zosangalatsa
born	wobadwa
boron	boron
borough	bwalo
borrow	kubwereka
borrower	wobwereka
bosom	pachifuwa
boss	bwana
bossy	bossy
boston	boston
botanical	botanical
botanist	botanist
botany	botany
bother	dandaula
bothering	kudandaula
bottle	botolo
bottleneck	chingwe
bottling	kutseka
bottom	pansi
bottomless	zopanda pake
botulism	botulism
boulder	boulder
bounce	bounce
bouncer	bouncer
bouncy	kusangalala
bound	womangidwa
boundary	malire
boundless	zopanda malire
bounds	malire
bountiful	wochuluka
bounty	bounty
bouquet	maluwa
bourbon	bourbon
bourgeois	bourgeois
bourgeoisie	bongojiyo
bourse	ndalama
bout	mphindi
boutique	boutique
bouttime	nthawi yomaliza
bovine	nkhumba
bow	uta
bowed	anagwada
bowel	matumbo
bowels	matumbo
bowl	mbale
bowler	bowler
bowling	bowling
bowls	mbale
box	bokosi
boxcar	galimoto
boxer	msilikali
boxers	bokosi
boxing	mabokosi
boy	mnyamata
boycott	kuthana
boyfriend	chibwenzi
boyhood	mnyamata
boyish	mnyamata
boysenberry	boysenberry
bozo	bozo
bra	bra
brace	nsalu
bracelet	nsalu
braces	nsalu
brachial	brachial
bracket	baki
brackets	mabaki
brackish	brackish
brad	wolimba mtima
brag	kudzitama
braid	ulusi
brain	ubongo
brainless	osadziwa
brains	ubongo
brainstorm	kulingalira
brainwash	brainwash
brainy	brainy
brake	Anaphwanya
bran	nthambi
branch	nthambi
branching	nthambi
brand	chizindikiro
brandy	burande
brash	kupsa
brass	mkuwa
brass knuckle	mkuwa wamkuwa
brassiere	brassiere
brat	brat
bratwurst	bratwurst
bravado	chibwibwi
brave	olimba mtima
bravery	kulimba mtima
brawl	chisokonezo
brawn	brawn
brazen	zamkuwa
breach	kuphwanya
bread	mkate
breadth	kufalikira
break	kuswa
breakable	kusweka
breakaway	Patuka
breakdown	sweka
breaker	wosweka
breakers	zopuma
breakfast	kadzutsa
breaking and entering	kuswa ndi kulowa
breakingnews	kusamala
breakneck	breakneck
breakthrough	kupambana
breakup	lekana
breast	m'mawere
breath	mpweya
breathe	kupuma
breather	phokoso
breathless	wopuma
breathtaking	zochititsa chidwi
breech	breech
breeches	ma breeches
breed	mtundu
breeder	wofalitsa
breeding	kuswana
breeze	mphepo
breezy	mpweya wozizira
brethren	abale
breve	NO TRANSLATION
brevity	msanga
brew	brew
brewery	brewery
brewing	mowa
briar	briar
bribe	chiphuphu
bribery	chiphuphu
brick	njerwa
bridal	bridal
bride	mkwatibwi
bridegroom	mkwati
bridesmaid	wokwatiwa
bridge	mlatho
bridle	tambani
brief	mwachidule
briefcase	chikwangwani
briefing	kufotokoza mwachidule
briefly	mwachidule
brig	brig
brigade	chigamulo
bright	kuwala
brighten	kuwala
brightens	kuwala
brighter	kuwonjezeka
brightness	kuwala
brilliance	luntha
brilliant	waluntha
brim	mdima
brimming	zowawa
brimstone	sulfure
brine	brine
bring	kubweretsa
brink	brink
brisk	mwamsanga
brisket	brisket
bristle	bristle
brittle	wodwala
bro	bro
broach	broach
broad	yotalikirapo
broadcast	kufalitsa
broadcasting	kufalitsa
broaden	kutambasula
broadside	pambali
broadsword	broadsword
brocade	khola
broccoli	burokoli
brochure	kabuku
broil	broil
broke	anathyoka
broken	wosweka
brokenheart	NO TRANSLATION
brokenhearted	osweka mtima
broker	broker
brokerage	kubwereketsa
bromide	bromidi
bronco	bronco
bronze	bronze
brooch	brooch
brood	ana
brooding	kusinkhasinkha
brook	mtsinje
broom	tsache
broomstick	broomstick
broth	msuzi
brothel	zachiwerewere
brother	m'bale
brotherhood	ubale
brotherly	m'bale
brow	pepala
brown	bulauni
brownstone	brownstone
browse	pezani
brrr	brrr
bruise	kuvulaza
bruising	kuvulaza
brunch	brunch
brunette	brunette
brunt	kusasamala
brush	brush
brutal	nkhanza
brutality	nkhanza
brute	zopweteka
brutish	achinyengo
bubble	kuvuta
bubbling	kuphulika
bubbly	kumveka
bubonic	bubonic
buck	buck
buckaroo	buckaroo
bucket	chidebe
buckle	buckle
buckled	atakhazikika
bucko	bucko
buckshot	buckshot
buckwheat	buckwheat
bud	bud
buddha	buddha
buddhism	budha
buddhist	Buddhist
budding	budding
buddy	mzanga
budge	budge
budget	bajeti
buff	mphutsi
buffalo	njuchi
buffer	chiwonongeko
buffering	kuzunzika
buffet	zakudya zodzisankhira
buffoon	buffoon
bug	kachilomboka
bugaboo	bugaboo
bugged	bugged
bugger	bugger
buggy	ngolowe
bugle	kugunda
bugler	bugler
build	kumanga
builder	womanga
building	kumanga
buildings	nyumba
buildup	unjika
bulb	babu
bulbous	bulbous
bulge	bulge
bulimic	bulimic
bulk	zambiri
bulkhead	bulkhead
bulky	zovuta
bull	ng'ombe
bulldog	bulldog
bulldozer	bulldozer
bullet	chipolopolo
bulletin	bulankhani
bulletproof	bulletproof
bullfighter	ng'ombe
bullfrog	ng'ombe
bullheaded	ng'ombe zamphongo
bullhorn	bullhorn
bullion	bullion
bullock	ng'ombe
bullpen	bullpen
bullshit	ng'ombe
bully	wonyoza
bulwark	bulwark
bum	bum
bumblebee	bumblebee
bummed	wodwala
bummer	bomba
bump	bump
bumper	bumper
bumpy	zovuta
bun	NO TRANSLATION
bunch	gulu
bundle	mtolo
bungalow	bungalow
bungee	bungee
bunghole	bunghole
bunion	bunion
bunk	bunk
bunker	bunker
bunkhouse	ubongo
bunny	bunny
bunt	kudziletsa
buoy	buoy
buoyancy	kukonda
buoyant	wokonda
bur	bur
burden	katundu
burdened	wolemedwa
burdensome	zolemetsa
bureau	bureau
bureaucracy	boma
bureaucrat	ofesi yamaofesi
bureaucratic	zachinyengo
burger	burger
burglar	mbozi
burglary	kubwezera
burial	kuikidwa mmanda
buried	anaikidwa m'manda
burke	burke
burlap	burlap
burlesque	burlesque
burly	burly
burn	kutentha
burned	yotentha
burner	zotentha
burning	kutentha
burnished	kuwotchedwa
burnout	kupsepuka
burnt	zopsereza
burp	kuzungulira
burr	burr
burrito	burrito
burro	NO TRANSLATION
burrow	burrow
bursary	bursary
burst	kupasuka
bury	kumanda
bus	basi
busboy	busboy
bush	chitsamba
bushel	bushel
bushy	bushy
business	bizinesi
business man	NO TRANSLATION
businessman	wamalonda
businesswoman	wamalonda
busload	basi
buss	buss
bust	kuthamanga
busted	busted
buster	buster
bustle	zovuta
bustling	osasangalatsa
busy	tanganidwa
busybody	busybody
butane	butane
butcher	wopha nyama
butler	mzimayi
butt	mpanda
butter	batala
buttercup	buttercup
butterfly	butterfly
buttermilk	buttermilk
butterscotch	butterscotch
buttery	zojambulajambula
buttock	nsomba
buttocks	matako
button	batani
buttress	mpanda
buxom	buxom
buy	kugula
buyer	wogula
buying	kugula
buzz	buzz
buzzard	buzzard
buzzed	adagwidwa
buzzer	buzzer
buzzing	kuthamanga
bye	pitani
bygone	zasintha
bylaw	malamulo
byline	onanitsani
bypass	kudutsa
bystander	woyima
byte	byte
byzantine	byzantine
cab	zashuga
cabal	cabal
cabana	cabana
cabaret	cabaret
cabbage	kabichi
cabbie	cabbie
cabernet	cabernet
cabin	kanyumba
cabinet	komiti
cable	chingwe
caboodle	caboodle
caboose	caboose
cabriolet	chikhomo
cache	cache
cacophony	cacophony
cactus	cactus
cad	cad
cadaver	cadaver
caddie	NO TRANSLATION
caddy	mtsogoleri
cadence	cadence
cadet	cadet
cafe	cafe
cafeteria	chakudya chodyera
caffeine	caffeine
cage	khola
cagey	cagey
cahoots	mankhwala
cairn	cairn
cake	keke
cakewalk	cakewalk
calamari	calamari
calamitous	zoopsa
calamity	tsoka
calcareous	mabala
calcium	calcium
calculate	kuwerengera
calculated	anawerengedwa
calculating	kuwerengera
calculation	kuwerengera
calculator	calculator
calculus	chiwerengero
calendar	kalendala
calender	NO TRANSLATION
calf	ng'ombe
caliber	caliber
calibrate	samalani
calico	calico
calipers	oyang'anira
calisthenics	zotsutsana
call	kuyitana
callback	ndiyimbileninso
caller	woyitana
calligraphy	zojambulajambula
calling	kuyitana
callous	wosayamika
calls	mayitanidwe
calm	khalani chete
calming	kuchepetsa
calmness	kukhazikika
caloric	caloric
calorie	kalori
calorimeter	calorimeter
cam	cam
camaraderie	kulumikizana
camber	camber
camcorder	camcorder
camel	ngamera
cameo	cameo
camera	kamera
cameraman	cameraman
camisole	camisole
camouflage	kuyambitsidwa
camouflaged	NO TRANSLATION
camp	msasa
campaign	msonkhano
campaigner	wothandizira
campaigning	kulengeza
camper	msasa
campfire	moto wamoto
camping	msasa
campsite	makampu
campus	campus
can	akhoza
can opener	akhoza kutsegula
canal	ngalande
canary	mayary
cancel	pezani
canceling	kuchotsa
cancellation	kufuta
cancer	khansa
candid	ofuna
candidacy	kupititsa patsogolo
candidate	wosankhidwa
candied	zokopa
candle	kandulo
candlelight	kandulo
candles	makandulo
candlestick	choyikapo nyali
candor	chithunzithunzi
candy	maswiti
cane	ndodo
canine	canine
canister	mayister
canker	chotsitsa
cannabis	katemera
canned	zamzitini
cannibal	nthendayi
cannibalism	kupha anthu
canning	kumalongeza
cannon	cannon
cannonball	cannonball
canoe	bwato
canon	mayoni
canonical	zovomerezeka
canons	makanoni
canopy	denga
cantaloupe	kantalupu
cantbreathe	NO TRANSLATION
canteen	canteen
canterbury	canterbury
canthandleit	NO TRANSLATION
cantilever	cantilever
cantina	cantina
canto	NO TRANSLATION
canton	canton
cantstandit	NO TRANSLATION
cantwin	cantwin
canvas	zitsulo
canvass	NO TRANSLATION
canyon	canyon
cap	kapu
capability	mphamvu
capable	wokhoza
capacity	mphamvu
cape	cape
caper	caper
capillary	capillary
capital	likulu
capitalism	capitalism
capitalist	capitalist
capitalize	zimalimbikitsa
capitals	mitu yaikulu
capitation	kutchulidwa
capitol	capitol
capitulation	kusinthidwa
cappuccino	cappuccino
caprice	caprice
capricious	zopanda phindu
caps	makapu
capslock	zilembo zazikulu
capsule	capsule
captain	captain
caption	ndemanga
captivate	sangalitsani
captivating	kukondweretsa
captive	ogwidwa
captivity	ukapolo
captor	kulanda
capture	kulanda
car	galimoto
caramel	caramel
carat	carat
caravan	caravan
carbon	kaboni
carburetor	carburetor
carcass	nyama
carcinoma	carcinoma
card	khadi
cardboard	makatoni
cardiac	mtima
cardigan	cardigan
cardinal	Kadinali
cardiologist	katswiri wa zamoyo
cardiology	zamoyo
cardiomyopathy	matenda a mtima
cards	makadi
care	chisamaliro
career	ntchito
carefree	osasamala
careful	samalani
carefully	mosamala
careless	osasamala
carelessness	kusasamala
caress	caress
caret	chisamaliro
caretaker	wosamalira
cargo	katundu
caribou	caribou
caricature	caricature
caries	amalephera
caring	chisamaliro
carjack	galimoto
carnage	kukupha
carnal	zithupi
carnation	kupwetekedwa
carnival	zikondwerero
carnivorous	zosangalatsa
carol	carol
carols	carols
carousel	carousel
carp	carp
carpal	carpal
carpenter	kalipentala
carpentry	zojambula
carpet	chovala
carpeting	kupaka
carpool	carpool
carriage	galimoto
carried	atanyamula
carrier	wothandizira
carrot	karoti
carry	kunyamula
carrying	kunyamula
carsick	carsick
cart	ngolo
carte	NO TRANSLATION
cartel	cartel
carter	carter
cartilage	cartilage
cartographic	zojambulajambula
cartography	zojambulajambula
carton	carton
cartoon	chojambula
cartouche	NO TRANSLATION
cartridge	cartridge
carve	pezani
carver	wopanga
carving	kujambula
cascade	kuphulika
case	nkhani
casein	casein
cash	ndalama
cashier	cashier
cashmere	cashmere
casing	kumangirira
casino	casino
cask	msipu
casket	chimanga
casserole	casserole
cassette	kaseti
cast	kuponyedwa
castaway	otayidwa
caste	kumenyana
caster	caster
castle	nsanja
castor	castor
castrate	castrate
castration	kupititsa patsogolo
casual	zosavuta
casually	mosasamala
casualty	kuwonongeka
cat	mphaka
catabolism	catabolism
catalog	kabukhu
catalogue	kabukhu
catalysis	catalysis
catalyst	chothandizira
catalytic	chothandizira
catamaran	mphaka
catapult	katatu
cataract	cataract
catastrophe	masautso
catastrophic	zoopsa
catatonic	katatoni
catch	kugwira
catcher	mphaka
catching	kugwira
catchphrase	catchphrase
catchy	zovuta
catechism	Katekisimu
categorical	magawo
category	gulu
cater	wosamalira
caterer	wodwala
caterpillar	mbozi
cates	zikalata
catfish	nsomba zopanda mamba
cathartic	cathartic
cathedral	katolika
catheter	catheter
catholic	makatolika
cathouse	kusungunula
catnip	katemera
cattle	ng'ombe
catwalk	gwirani
caucus	caucus
caudal	caudal
cauldron	chophimba
cauliflower	kolifulawa
caulk	caulk
causal	zovuta
causality	zochitika
causation	zovuta
cause	chifukwa
caused	zinayambitsa
causeway	msewu
caution	chenjerani
cautionary	chenjezo
cautious	wochenjera
cautiously	mosamala
cavalier	womenyera nkhondo
cavalry	okwera pamahatchi
cave	phanga
caveat	chenjezo
caveman	caveman
cavern	khola
cavernous	cavernous
caviar	caviar
caving	caving
cavity	mpanda
cayenne	cayenne
cease	kusiya
ceasefire	kupuma
ceaseless	osatha
cedar	mkungudza
cede	cede
ceiling	denga
celebrant	chikondwerero
celebrate	sangalalani
celebrated	chikondwerero
celebrating	kukondwerera
celebration	chikondwerero
celebrations	zikondwerero
celebratory	chikondwerero
celebrity	wotchuka
celery	selari
celestial	zakumwamba
celibacy	kulephera
celibate	khalala
cell	selo
cellar	cellar
cellblock	maselo osungira
cellist	selo
cellmate	kusungunula
cello	cello
cellophane	cellophane
cellular	maselo
cellulite	cellulite
celluloid	celluloid
cement	samenti
cemented	yamamanga
cemetery	manda
censor	akuyang'ana
censorship	kuwunika
censure	kuwatsutsa
census	zowerengera
cent	cent
centenary	centenary
centennial	zaka zana
center	pakati
centerfold	zovuta
centerpiece	choyamba
centimeter	centimita
centipede	centipede
central	pakati
centrality	zofunikira
centralization	centralization
centralize	yambani
centrally	pakati
centrifugal	centrifugal
centrifuge	centrifuge
centurion	centurion
century	zaka zana
ceramic	ceramic
ceramics	keramiki
cereal	mbewu
cereals	tirigu
cerebral	ubongo
ceremonial	mwambo
ceremony	mwambo
certain	ena
certainty	chotsimikizika
certifiable	chotsimikizirika
certificate	chikalata
certified	ovomerezeka
certify	kutsimikizirani
cervical	chiberekero
cervix	chiberekero
cess	cess
cessation	kutha
cesspool	cesspool
cha cha	NO TRANSLATION
chaff	mankhusu
chafing	kutentha
chagrin	zowawa
chagrined	zowawa
chai	chai
chain	chingwe
chainsaw	chainsaw
chair	mpando
chairman	wotsogolera
chairperson	tcheyamani
chairwoman	mpando wachifumu
chaise	chaise
chalet	kanyumba
chalice	chalice
chalk	choko
challenge	zovuta
challenger	wopondereza
chamber	chipinda
chambermaid	chambermaid
chambers	zipinda
chameleon	chameleon
champ	foni
champagne	Shampeni
champion	mtsogoleri
championship	mpikisano
chance	mwayi
chancellor	chancellor
chandelier	chandelier
chandler	chandler
change	kusintha
changeable	kusintha
changed	anasintha
changer	sintha
changing	kusintha
channel	kanema
chant	nyimbo
chaos	chisokonezo
chaotic	chisokonezo
chap	mutu
chapel	chapulo
chaperon	kondoni
chaplain	mlaliki
chapman	chapman
chaps	zovuta
chapter	mutu
char	char
character	khalidwe
characteristic	khalidwe
characterize	zimasonyeza
charade	chithunzithunzi
charcoal	makala
chardonnay	chardonnay
charge	kulipira
chargeable	amalephera
charger	chojambulira
chariot	galeta
charisma	charisma
charismatic	zokondweretsa
charitable	zachifundo
charity	chikondi
charlatan	charlatan
charm	chithumwa
charmed	Chezetsedwa
charmer	wosangalatsa
charming	zokongola
charred	adakalipira
chart	tchati
charter	charter
chartered	yotsatiridwa
chase	thamangitsani
chased	kuthamangitsidwa
chaser	chaser
chasm	chisokonezo
chassis	chasisi
chaste	zoyera
chastened	adzalangidwa
chastisement	chilango
chastity	chiyero
chat	kucheza
chateau	chateau
chatter	kulumikiza
chatterbox	chatterbox
chattering	kulankhula
chatty	chatty
chauffeur	woyendetsa
chauvinist	chauvinist
cheap	zotsika mtengo
cheapened	zotsika mtengo
cheapskate	zotsika mtengo
cheat	chinyengo
cheater	wonyengerera
check	fufuzani
checkbook	bukhu
checker	chofufuzira
checkered	oyang'anira
checkers	zofufuza
checklist	mndandanda
checkmate	yang'anani
checkout	Onani
checkpoint	zofufuzira
checkup	kokawunikidwa
cheek	masaya
cheeks	masaya
cheeky	cheeky
cheep	cheep
cheer	sangalalani
cheered	wosangalala
cheerful	wokondwa
cheerfulness	wokondwa
cheering	kusangalala
cheerleader	wosangalala
cheerleading	cheerleading
cheerless	osasangalala
cheers	okondwa
cheery	chisangalalo
cheese	tchizi
cheeseburger	cheeseburger
cheesecake	cheesecake
cheesy	cheesy
cheetah	cheetah
chef	mtsogoleri
chemical	mankhwala
chemise	NO TRANSLATION
chemist	katswiri wamagetsi
chemistry	chemistry
chemo	chemo
chemotherapy	chemotherapy
cheque	fufuzani
cherish	cherish
cherishing	kukonda
cherry	tcheri
cherub	kerubi
chess	chess
chest	chifuwa
chestnut	mgoza
chevron	chevron
chew	chew
chewy	chewy
chic	chic
chicane	chicane
chick	nkhuku
chicken	nkhuku
chicken pox	nthomba
chickenpox	nthomba
chief	mkulu
chiefly	makamaka
chieftain	mtsogoleri
chiffon	chiffon
child	mwana
childbirth	kubereka
childhood	ubwana
childish	mwana
childless	wopanda mwana
childlike	ngati mwana
childloss	NO TRANSLATION
children	ana
chili	chili
chill	chill
chilled	chilled
chilling	kudandaula
chilly	chilly
chime	chime
chimera	chimera
chimes	chimes
chimney	chimanga
chimp	chimp
chimpanzee	chimpanzi
chin	chin
china	China
chinchilla	chinchilla
chine	NO TRANSLATION
chinook	chinook
chip	Chip
chipmunk	chipmunk
chipper	chipper
chipping	kumatula
chiropractor	chiropractor
chirp	chirp
chirping	kuimba
chisel	chisel
chiseler	chiseler
chit	Chit
chitchat	Chitchat
chivalry	chivalry
chloride	chloride
chlorine	chlorini
chloroform	chloroform
chocolate	chokoleti
choice	kusankha
choir	choyimba
choke	chokha
cholera	kolera
cholesterol	cholesterol
choose	sankhani
choosing	kusankha
choosy	choosy
chop	dulani
chopper	chopper
choppers	choppers
chopping	kudula
chops	chops
choral	chola
chord	nyimbo
chords	makola
chore	ntchito
choreographer	choreographer
choreography	choreography
chorus	chora
chosen	osankhidwa
chow	chow
chowder	chowder
christ	christ
christen	NO TRANSLATION
christening	christening
christian	christian
christmas	christmas
christmasbreak	NO TRANSLATION
christmaseve	NO TRANSLATION
christmasspirit	NO TRANSLATION
christmassy	christmassy
christmastime	nthawi ya Krismasi
chromatic	chromatic
chromatography	chromatography
chrome	chrome
chromium	chromium
chromosome	chromosome
chronic	osatha
chronicle	mbiri
chronograph	chronograph
chronological	zochitika
chubby	chiwonongeko
chuck	chuck
chuckle	zitsutsani
chug	chug
chum	chum
chummy	chummy
chump	chump
chunk	chunk
chunky	chunky
church	tchalitchi
churchyard	tchalitchi
churn	churn
chute	chute
chutney	chutney
ciao	ciao
cider	cider
cigar	cigar
cigarette	ndudu
cilantro	cilantro
cinch	cinch
cinder	cinder
cinema	cinema
cinematic	cinematic
cinematographer	wojambula zithunzi
cinematography	cinematography
cinnamon	sinamoni
cipher	chisa
circle	mzere
circling	kuzungulira
circuit	dera
circuitry	oyang'anira
circular	zozungulira
circulate	zimazungulira
circulation	kusindikizidwa
circulatory	kuzungulira
circumcision	mdulidwe
circumference	chiwerengero
circumferential	zosiyana
circumscribed	zozungulira
circumstance	zochitika
circumstances	zochitika
circumstantial	zochitika
circumvent	kusokoneza
circumvention	zozungulira
circus	masewera
cirque	cirque
cirrhosis	chiwindi
cirrus	cirrus
cistern	chitsime
citadel	nyumba yachifumu
citation	ndemanga
cite	tchulani
citizen	nzika
citizenship	nzika
citrine	citrine
citrus	citrus
city	mudzi
citywide	Mzinda Wonse
civic	chikhalidwe
civics	chikhalidwe
civil	anthu
civilian	anthu wamba
civilians	anthu wamba
civility	chikhalidwe
civilization	chitukuko
civilized	wotukuka
clad	anaveka
claim	Funsani
claimant	wokonda
clairvoyant	clairvoyant
clam	clam
clambake	clambake
clammy	clammy
clamor	chifuwa
clamp	kumveka
clan	banja
clandestine	mwachinsinsi
clang	clang
clap	kuomba
clapper	clapper
clapping	kukwapula
clarification	kufotokoza
clarify	fotokozani
clarinet	clarinet
clarion	clarion
clarity	chidziwitso
clash	kutsutsana
clashing	kuwomba
clasp	clasp
class	kalasi
classic	zamakono
classic rock	dothi lachikale
classical	zapamwamba
classics	zojambulajambula
classification	mndandanda
classified	zolemba
classify	sankhani
classmate	wophunzira naye
classroom	kalasi
classy	classy
clatter	clatter
clause	ndime
clauses	ndime
claustrophobia	claustrophobia
claustrophobic	claustrophobic
clavicle	chiwombankhanga
claw	claw
claws	ziphuphu
clay	dongo
clean	zoyera
cleaner	woyera
cleaning	kuyeretsa
cleanliness	ukhondo
cleanly	mwatsatanetsatane
cleanse	kuyeretsa
cleanser	woyeretsa
cleansing	kuyeretsa
cleanup	konza
clear	momveka bwino
clearance	chilolezo
clearing	kuchotsa
clearness	chidziwitso
cleat	tambani
cleavage	cleavage
cleave	gwirani
cleaver	NO TRANSLATION
clef	clef
cleft	kusokoneza
clemency	chisamaliro
clench	clench
clergy	atsogoleri
clergyman	mtsogoleri
cleric	mphunzitsi
clerical	atsogoleri
clerk	mlaliki
clerkship	mabungwe
clever	wanzeru
cleverness	luntha
click	dinani
clicker	chojambulira
client	wothandizira
clientele	kasitomala
cliff	khola
climate	nyengo
climatology	nyengo
climax	pachimake
climb	kukwera
climber	wokwera
clinch	kondomu
cling	gwiritsani
clingy	kumamatira
clinic	kachipatala
clinical	mankhwala
clink	clink
clip	chojambula
clipboard	zojambulajambula
clipper	chopondera
clipping	kudula
clique	NO TRANSLATION
clitoris	clitoris
cloak	chovala
cloaking	kuvala
cloakroom	cloakroom
clobber	clobber
clock	koloko
clockwork	zojambula
clod	clod
clog	chovala
cloister	cloister
clone	chingwe
cloning	kuponya
close	pafupi
closed	chatseka
closeness	kuyandikana
closet	chipinda
closure	kutseka
clot	chovala
cloth	nsalu
clothe	kuvala
clothes	zovala
clothesline	zovala
clothing	zovala
cloud	mtambo
clouded	adakalipira
cloudiness	kutentha
clouds	mitambo
cloudy	mitambo
clout	sungani
clove	clove
clover	clover
cloves	cloves
clown	osayankhula
clowns	nyimbo
club	chikwama
clubhouse	clubhouse
clubs	makandulo
cluck	cluck
clue	chinsinsi
clueless	clueless
clump	clump
clumsy	zovuta
clunk	sungani
cluster	masango
clutch	gwirani
clutches	kumangirira
clutter	kuphatikiza
coach	mphunzitsi
coachman	mphunzitsi
coagulation	coagulation
coal	malasha
coalesce	coalesce
coalition	mgwirizano
coarse	wonyansa
coast	nyanja
coastal	m'mphepete mwa nyanja
coaster	zovuta
coastline	m'mphepete mwa nyanja
coat	malaya
coating	kuvala
coax	coax
cobalt	cobalt
cobble	cobble
cobbler	wosuta
cobra	cobra
cocaine	cocaine
cock	tambala
cockamamie	cockamamie
cockeyed	cockeyed
cockpit	cockpit
cockroach	cockroach
cocksucker	chokopa
cocktail	malo ogulitsa
cocky	cocky
cocoa	kakala
coconut	kokonati
cocoon	koka
cod	cod
code	code
codeine	codeine
codex	codex
codfish	codfish
codification	kukonza
codify	codify
coding	kulembetsa
coed	yophimbika
coefficient	coefficient
coerce	pikani
coercion	kuumirizidwa
coercive	kuumirizidwa
coexist	khala limodzi
coexistence	kugwirizana
coexisting	kukhalapo
coffee	khofi
coffee table	tebulo laling'ono
coffeehouse	chophika
coffeepot	kapu
coffin	bokosi
cog	chingwe
cogent	osakayikira
cognac	mowa wamphesa
cognate	kuzindikira
cognition	kuzindikira
cognitive	chidziwitso
cohabitation	kugwirizana
coherence	mgwirizano
coherent	zogwirizana
cohesion	mgwirizano
cohesive	kuphatikiza
cohort	gulu
coil	chophimba
coiled	yophimbidwa
coin	ndalama
coinage	ndalama
coincide	zogwirizana
coincidence	mwangozi
coincident	zimagwirizana
coincidental	mwangozi
coinciding	kugwirizana
coke	coke
cola	cola
cold	kuzizira
coldly	ozizira
coldness	kuzizira
coldsweat	NO TRANSLATION
coleslaw	coleslaw
colic	colic
coliseum	coliseum
collaborate	gwirizanitsani
collaboration	mgwirizano
collaborator	wothandizira
collage	collage
collagen	collagen
collapse	kugwa
collar	kolala
collarbone	collarbone
collate	sungani
collateral	dala
collation	kupanikizika
colleague	mnzako
collect	kusonkhanitsani
collected	anasonkhanitsidwa
collection	kusonkhanitsa
collective	gulu lonse
collectively	pamodzi
collector	wosonkhanitsa
college	koleji
collegiate	kusonkhana
collide	sungani
collie	collie
collision	kugunda
collocation	kugawa
colloquial	colloquial
collusion	kusamvana
cologne	kondomu
colon	koloni
colonel	colonel
colonial	chikoloni
colonic	colonic
colonoscopy	colonoscopy
colony	koloni
colophon	colophon
color	mtundu
coloration	mitundu
colored	zamitundu
colorful	zokongola
coloring	mitundu
colorless	osayera
colors	mitundu
colossal	wachikuda
colt	bulu
columbine	columbine
column	ndime
columnar	columnar
columnist	wolemba mabuku
com	NO TRANSLATION
coma	coma
comatose	kuphatikiza
comb	chisa
combat	nkhondo
combatant	msilikali
combative	kuphwanya
combination	kuphatikiza
combinatorial	kusonkhana
combine	kuphatikiza
combined	kuphatikiza
combo	combo
combustible	zotentha
combustion	kuyaka
come	bwerani
comeback	Bwererani
comedian	wokondweretsa
comedy	zokondweretsa
comet	komabe
comfort	chitonthozo
comfortable	bwino
comforter	wotonthoza
comforting	kutonthoza
comfy	zosangalatsa
comic	zosangalatsa
comical	zosangalatsa
comics	makanema
coming	kubwera
comma	komabe
command	lamulo
commandant	mtsogoleri
commandeer	olamulira
commander	mtsogoleri
commanding	kulamula
commandment	lamulo
commando	commando
commemorate	kondwerera
commemoration	chikumbutso
commemorative	mwambo wokumbukira
commence	ayambe
commend	ayamikireni
commendable	oyamikirika
commendation	kuyamika
commensurate	komabe
comment	ndemanga
commentary	ndemanga
commentator	ndemanga
commerce	malonda
commercial	zamalonda
commie	commie
commissary	komiti
commission	ntchito
commissioner	komiti
commit	pereka
commitment	kudzipereka
committal	kuchita
committed	odzipereka
committee	komiti
commodity	katundu
commodore	zoyenera
common	wamba
commoner	commoner
commonly	kawirikawiri
commonplace	wamba
commons	komiti
commonwealth	commonwealth
commotion	chisokonezo
communal	zamagulu
commune	komiti
communicable	zowonjezereka
communicate	kulankhulana
communication	kulankhulana
communicative	kulankhula
communicator	wolankhulirana
communion	mgonero
communism	chikominisi
communist	wachikominisi
community	midzi
commutation	kusintha
commutative	kusintha
commute	komani
commuter	komitala
comp	comp
compact	compact
compaction	compaction
compactness	kuphatikiza
companion	mnzanga
companionless	bwenzi
companionship	kucheza
company	kampani
comparable	zofanana
comparative	kufanana
comparatively	mofanana
compare	yerekezerani
comparison	kufanana
compartment	chipinda
compass	kampasi
compassion	chifundo
compassionate	chifundo
compatibility	kugwirizana
compatible	zogwirizana
compel	konzani
compelled	kukakamizika
compelling	kukakamiza
compendium	compendium
compensate	malipiro
compensation	malipiro
compensatory	malipiro
compete	mpikisano
competence	luso
competency	luso
competent	ali ndi luso
competition	mpikisano
competitive	mpikisano
competitor	mpikisano
compilation	kusonkhanitsa
compile	konzani
complacency	kusadandaula
complacent	osadandaula
complain	kudandaula
complaint	kudandaula
complement	kuthandizira
complementary	wothandizira
complete	malizitsani
completed	yomaliza
completely	kwathunthu
completeness	kukwanira
completing	kukwaniritsa
completion	kumaliza
complex	zovuta
complexed	zovuta
complexion	tsitsi
complexity	zovuta
compliance	kutsatira
compliant	zovomerezeka
complicate	kuphatikiza
complicated	zovuta
complication	zovuta
complicity	zovuta
compliment	NO TRANSLATION
complimentary	zovomerezeka
comply	zitsatirani
complying	kutsatira
compo	kompo
component	chigawo
compose	kulemba
composed	analemba
composer	wopanga
composite	gulu
composition	zolemba
compost	kompositi
composure	kukhuta
compound	chigawo
comprehend	kumvetsa
comprehension	kumvetsetsa
comprehensive	zokwanira
compress	compress
compressed	amavomerezedwa
compressible	zosamvetsetseka
compression	kuponderezana
compressor	compressor
comprise	kuphatikizapo
compromise	zotsutsana
comptroller	woyang'anira
compulsion	kukakamizidwa
compulsive	kupanikiza
compulsory	choyenera
computable	chosinthika
computation	kuwerengera
compute	komani
computer	kompyuta
computerized	makompyuta
computing	kompyuta
comrade	wokondedwa
con	NO TRANSLATION
concatenation	concatenation
concave	concave
conceal	kubisa
concealed	zobisika
concealment	kubisala
concede	tithandizani
conceit	kudzikuza
conceited	wodzitama
conceivable	ndikuganiza
conceive	kukhumba
concentrate	yang'anani
concentration	zovuta
concentric	zovuta
concept	lingaliro
conception	mimba
concern	nkhawa
concerned	nkhawa
concert	konsati
concerto	concerto
concession	chilolezo
concessional	kulondolera
conch	kondomu
concierge	concierge
conciliation	chiyanjano
concise	mwachidule
conclave	conclave
conclude	kwanitsa
concluding	kumaliza
conclusion	mapeto
conclusive	chotsimikizika
concoction	concoction
concomitant	concomitant
concord	concord
concordance	concordance
concours	NO TRANSLATION
concourse	mgwirizano
concrete	konkireti
concubine	mdzakazi
concur	wokondana
concurrence	mgwirizano
concurrent	mgwirizano
concurring	zotsutsana
concussion	mgwirizano
condemn	kutsutsa
condemnation	kutsutsidwa
condensation	mpweya
condensed	amatsitsimutsa
condescending	kudzichepetsa
condescension	kudzichepetsa
condiment	kukhudzidwa
condition	chikhalidwe
conditional	zovomerezeka
conditionally	mwachikhalidwe
conditioned	zovomerezeka
conditioner	chokonza
conditioning	chikhalidwe
conditions	mikhalidwe
condo	condo
condolence	chitonthozo
condolences	zotonthoza
condom	kondomu
condone	thandizani
condor	condor
conducive	zothandiza
conduct	khalidwe
conduction	kupititsa patsogolo
conductivity	kupititsa patsogolo
conductor	wophunzitsa
conduit	kutsitsa
cone	cone
confederacy	confederacy
confederate	confederate
confederation	chitaganya
confer	perekani
conference	msonkhano
confess	kuvomereza
confession	kuvomereza
confessional	kuvomereza
confessions	kuvomereza
confetti	confetti
confidant	wothandizira
confide	tsimikizirani
confidence	chidaliro
confident	wodalirika
confidential	chinsinsi
confidentiality	chinsinsi
confidentially	NO TRANSLATION
configuration	kusintha
confine	sungani
confined	atsekeredwa
confinement	kutsekeredwa
confines	amatsutsa
confirm	tsimikizani
confirmation	kutsimikizira
confirmatory	chovomerezeka
confirmed	zatsimikiziridwa
confiscate	kutenga
confiscation	kuchotsedwa
conflagration	kusokoneza
conflict	mikangano
conflicting	zimatsutsana
confluence	confluence
conform	kugwirizana
conformance	kugwirizana
conformation	NO TRANSLATION
conformity	kugwirizana
confound	chisokonezo
confounded	amanyansidwa
confront	kumenyana
confrontation	kukangana
confuse	kusokoneza
confused	kusokonezeka
confusing	zosokoneza
confusion	chisokonezo
conga	conga
congenial	kukumana
congenital	kubereka
congestion	kusokonezeka
conglomerate	conglomerate
conglomeration	mgwirizano
congrats	kusonkhana
congratulate	ndikuyamika
congratulation	kuyamikira
congratulations	zikondwerero
congratulatory	zokondweretsa
congregate	kusonkhana
congregation	mpingo
congress	msonkhano
congressional	congressional
congressman	congressman
congruence	congruence
conic	conic
conical	kulumikizana
conjecture	malingaliro
conjugal	conjugal
conjugate	conjugate
conjugation	kugwirizana
conjunction	chiyanjano
conjunctive	zokhazikika
conjure	kulumikiza
conjuring	kulengeza
conk	conk
connect	kulumikizana
connected	yolumikizidwa
connection	kulumikizana
connective	zogwirizana
connoisseur	wosangalatsa
conquer	kuthana
conquering	kugonjetsa
conqueror	wogonjetsa
conquest	kugonjetsa
conscience	chikumbumtima
conscientious	mosamala
conscious	amadziwa
consciousness	chidziwitso
conscription	kulemba
consecrated	wopatulidwa
consecration	kudzipatulira
consecutive	zotsatizana
consensual	chidziwitso
consensus	kugwirizana
consent	chilolezo
consenting	kuvomereza
consequence	zotsatira
consequent	chotsatira
conservation	kusamalira
conservatism	conservatism
conservative	osamala
conservatory	zosungirako
conserve	sungani
consider	ganizirani
considerable	kwambiri
considerate	woganizira
consideration	kuganizira
consignee	wothandizira
consignment	katundu
consist	zigwirizana
consistency	kusasinthasintha
consistent	osagwirizana
consolation	chitonthozo
console	tonthozani
consoled	chilimbikitso
consolidate	kuphatikiza
consolidated	kuphatikiza
consolidation	kuphatikiza
consonant	consonant
consort	mgwirizano
conspicuous	zooneka
conspiracy	chiwembu
conspirator	wolemba boma
conspire	chiwembu
constable	wodalirika
constancy	nthawi zonse
constant	nthawi zonse
constantly	nthawi zonse
constellation	nyenyezi
consternation	kudzikuza
constipation	kudzimbidwa
constituency	constituency
constituent	zimakhala
constituents	zigawo
constitute	kukhazikitsa
constitution	malamulo
constitutional	malamulo
constitutionality	malamulo
constrain	kanizani
constrained	analetsedwa
constraint	zovuta
construct	kumanga
construction	zomangamanga
constructive	zolimbikitsa
construe	onaninso
consul	consul
consulate	chiwonetsero
consult	funsani
consultant	mlangizi
consultation	kufunsana
consume	idyani
consumer	wogulitsa
consuming	kudya
consummate	kudya
consummation	kutsiriza
consumption	kumwa
contact	kukhudzana
contagion	matenda
contagious	wothandizira
contain	muli
container	chophimba
containment	chidutswa
contaminate	kuipitsa
contaminated	zonyansa
contamination	kuipitsa
contemplate	sinkhasinkha
contemplation	kulingalira
contemplative	kusinkhasinkha
contemporaneous	panthawi imodzi
contemporary	masiku ano
contempt	kunyansidwa
contemptible	amanyansidwa
contemptuous	wopusa
contend	tsutsani
contender	zotsutsana
contending	kukangana
content	zokhutira
contented	wokhutira
contention	kukangana
contentious	kukangana
contentment	kukhutira
contents	zili mkati
contest	mpikisano
contestant	wokonda
context	nkhani
contiguous	zosangalatsa
continence	continence
continent	continent
continental	continental
contingency	zovuta
contingent	zotsutsana
continual	kupitiriza
continually	nthawi zonse
continuance	kupitiriza
continuation	kupitiriza
continue	pitirizani
continued	anapitiriza
continuing	kupitiriza
continuity	kupitiriza
continuous	yopitirira
continuously	mosalekeza
continuum	kupitiliza
contour	mpikisano
contraband	kusokoneza
contraception	kulera
contract	mgwirizano
contracted	adalandira
contractile	mgwirizano
contracting	mgwirizano
contraction	kusokonezeka
contractor	makontrakitala
contradict	zimatsutsana
contradiction	kutsutsana
contradictory	kutsutsana
contraption	kusokoneza
contrary	mosiyana
contrast	kusiyana
contrasted	zosiyana
contravene	amatsutsana
contravention	chotsutsana
contribute	perekani
contribution	zopereka
contributor	zopereka
contrite	osokonezeka
contrition	kulapa
contrived	zopanga
control	kulamulira
controller	wolamulira
controlling	kulamulira
controversial	kutsutsana
controversy	kutsutsana
contusion	chisokonezo
conundrum	kulandila
convalescent	convalescent
convection	kulumikiza
convene	tumizani
convenience	mosavuta
conveniences	zokoma
convenient	zosavuta
convent	msonkhano wamasewera
convention	msonkhano
conventional	zachilendo
converge	sintha
convergence	kusintha
convergent	kusintha
conversant	kukambirana
conversation	kukambirana
conversational	kukambirana
conversationalist	wolankhulana
converse	kambiranani
conversing	kukambirana
conversion	kutembenuka
convert	mutembenuzire
converted	atembenuzidwa
convertible	convertible
convex	kukhudzana
convexity	kukhudzidwa
convey	onetsani
conveyance	kutumiza
conveyancing	kutsitsa
convict	amatsutsa
conviction	kukhudzidwa
convince	khulupirirani
convinced	wodalirika
convincing	wokhutiritsa
convocation	msonkhano
convoluted	convoluted
convolution	convolution
convoy	convoy
coo	coo
cook	kuphika
cookbook	kuphika
cooker	wophika
cookery	cookery
cookie	cokokie
cookies	cookies
cooking	kuphika
cookout	kuphika
cool	ozizira
coolant	ozizira
cooler	ozizira
cooling	kuzizira
coolness	kuzizira
coon	ndalama
coop	nkhumba
cooperate	kugwirizana
cooperating	kugwirizana
cooperation	mgwirizano
cooperative	mgwirizano
coordinate	konzani
coordination	kugwirizana
coordinator	wotsogolera
cop	apolisi
copacetic	NO TRANSLATION
cope	kupirira
copier	sungani
copilot	copilot
coping	kupirira
copious	zokopa
copper	mkuwa
copter	copter
copy	lembani
copycat	copycat
copying	kukopera
copyright	zolemba
coral	makorali
coral snake	njoka yamchere
cord	chingwe
cordial	kusamala
cordless	osasamala
cordon	cordon
corduroy	corduroy
core	pachimake
cork	ndowe
corkscrew	chokopa
corn	chimanga
cornball	cornball
cornbread	cornbread
cornea	kornea
corned	chimangidwe
corner	ngodya
cornerstone	mwala wapangodya
cornet	cornet
cornfield	chimanga cha chimanga
cornflakes	NO TRANSLATION
cornice	cornice
cornstarch	chimanga
corny	corny
corollary	chotsatira
corona	korona
coronary	malire
coronation	chiwonetsero
coroner	koroner
corporal	makampani
corporate	makampani
corporation	makampani
corporeal	thupi
corps	matupi
corpse	mtembo
corpsman	mtembo
corpus	corpus
corral	corral
correct	zolondola
correction	kukonza
correctional	kuwongolera
corrective	kukonza
correctness	chilungamo
correlation	kulumikizana
correlative	kugwirizana
correspond	lembani
correspondence	makalata
correspondent	mlembi
corresponding	zofanana
corridor	khola
corroborate	kuthandizana
corroboration	kugwirizana
corrosion	kutupa
corrosive	zowononga
corrupt	zonyansa
corrupting	kuwononga
corruption	ziphuphu
corsage	corsage
corse	NO TRANSLATION
corset	corset
cortex	kortex
cortical	zamatsenga
cortisone	cortisone
corvette	korvette
cosmetic	zodzoladzola
cosmetics	zodzoladzola
cosmic	cosmic
cosmology	cosmology
cosmopolitan	zakuthambo
cosmos	zakuthambo
cost	mtengo
costly	mtengo
costume	zovala
cosy	wokondweretsa
cot	machira
cote	ndondomeko
cottage	kanyumba
cotton	thonje
couch	bedi
cougar	cougar
cough	chifuwa
council	komiti
councilman	councilman
counsel	uphungu
counseling	uphungu
counsellor	mlangizi
counselor	mlangizi
count	kuwerengera
countdown	countdown
countenance	nkhope
counter	komiti
counteract	kuthana nazo
counterattack	kuthamanga
counterbalance	kusagwirizana
counterclaim	chotsutsa
counterfeit	zonyenga
counterpart	mnzake
counterpoint	counterpoint
countess	chiwerengero
countless	ambirimbiri
country	dziko
countryman	landman
countrymusic	NO TRANSLATION
countryside	kumidzi
counts	chiwerengero
county	malo
coup	kuwombera
coupe	chigawo
couple	banja
coupled	kuphatikiza
coupling	kuphatikiza
coupon	kuponi
courage	kulimba mtima
courageous	kulimba mtima
courier	msilikali
courses	maphunziro
coursing	maphunziro
court	khoti
courteous	mwachifundo
courtesy	mwaulemu
courthouse	khoti
courtroom	khoti lamilandu
courts	makhoti
courtship	chibwenzi
courtside	khoti lamilandu
courtyard	bwalo
cousin	msuwani
cousins	azibale ake
cove	khala
coven	chipangano
covenant	pangano
cover	chivundikiro
coverage	Kuphunzira
covered	ataphimbidwa
covering	chophimba
covert	chophimba
covet	kusirira
coveted	kusirira
cow	ng'ombe
coward	coward
cowardice	mantha
cowardly	wochimwa
cowboy	cowboy
cowgirl	cowgirl
cowhand	cowhand
cowhide	khola
cowl	ng'ombe
coworker	mnzako
coy	zonyansa
coyote	coyote
cozy	wokondweretsa
crab	nkhanu
crabby	nkhanza
crack	osokoneza
cracked	atasweka
cracker	cracker
crackerjack	crackerjack
cracking	kudumpha
crackle	kusokoneza
crackpot	chiwopsezo
cradle	mwambo
craft	luso
crafts	zamisiri
craftsman	wamisiri
craftsmanship	maluso
crafty	chinyengo
craig	chiwembu
cram	cram
crammed	adakanikizana
cramp	kuponda
cramped	zochepa
cranberry	kiranberi
cranberry juice	madzi a kiranberi
crane	galasi
cranial	kupweteka
cranium	crani
crank	chopanda pake
cranky	chisokonezo
cranny	cranny
crap	kupusitsa
crappy	crappy
craps	kudumpha
crash	kuwonongeka
crass	chisa
crate	kagawo
crater	chigwirizano
crave	kukhumba
craving	kukhumba
crawfish	nsomba za kanjedza
crawl	Kukukwa
crayon	krayoni
crayons	makironi
craze	funa
crazed	wodetsedwa
craziness	ulesi
crazy	wopenga
creak	creak
creaking	creaking
cream	kirimu
creamed	zokoma
creamer	zokoma
creamy	zokoma
crease	chiwonongeko
create	Pangani
creation	chilengedwe
creative	kulenga
creativity	chilengedwe
creator	Mlengi
creature	cholengedwa
credence	kuvomereza
credential	zovomerezeka
credentials	zizindikiro
credibility	kukhulupirira
credible	odalirika
credit	ngongole
credit card	kiredi
creditable	creditable
credited	adatchulidwa
crediting	kulandira
creditor	ngongole
creed	chikhulupiriro
creek	mtsinje
creep	zimayenda
creeper	creeper
creeping	zokwawa
creepy	zosangalatsa
cremation	kutentha
creole	creole
crepe	crepe
crescendo	crescendo
crescent	crescent
crest	chiwombankhanga
crestfallen	crestfallen
cretin	cretin
cretins	cretins
crevice	zovuta
crew	ogwira ntchito
crewman	crewman
crib	chikopa
cricket	cricket
cried	adafuula
crime	umbanda
criminal	chigawenga
criminality	zigawenga
crimp	crimp
crimson	kapezi
cringe	sungani
cripple	wolumala
crippled	olumala
crippling	wolumala
crisis	mavuto
crisp	zokoma
crispy	crispy
criterion	ndondomeko
critic	wotsutsa
critical	zovuta
criticise	kutsutsa
criticism	kutsutsa
criticize	kutsutsa
criticized	anatsutsa
critique	ndemanga
critter	wotsutsa
croak	croak
croc	croc
crock	tenga
crockery	kulakwa
crocodile	ng'ona
croft	croft
croissant	croissant
crook	kugwedezeka
crooked	zokhotakhota
crop	mbewu
croquet	korquet
cross	mtanda
cross country	liwiro lalitali
crossbow	crossbow
crossed	anawoloka
crossfire	kupsereza moto
crossing	kuwoloka
crossover	crossover
crosswalk	crosswalk
crossword	crossword
crotch	khola
crouch	tame
crouched	inagwedezeka
crouching	kumangirira
croupier	croupier
crow	khwima
crowbar	crowbar
crowd	khamu
crowded	yodzaza
crowds	makamu
crown	korona
crowning	korona
crucial	zofunikira
cruciate	cruciate
crucifix	mtanda
crucifixion	kupachikidwa
crucify	kupachika
crud	chisokonezo
crude	zopanda pake
cruel	nkhanza
cruelly	mwankhanza
cruelty	nkhanza
cruise	ulendo
cruise ship	sitimayo
cruiser	cruiser
cruising	kuyenda
crumb	crumb
crumble	kutha
crumbling	kugwedezeka
crummy	crummy
crunch	kugwedeza
crunchy	zovuta
crusade	nkhondo
crusader	mgwirizano
crush	phulani
crushed	wosweka
crusher	crusher
crushing	kusweka
crust	kutumphuka
crusty	zopanda pake
crutch	chombo
crux	crux
cry	kulira
crybaby	crybaby
crying	kulira
crypt	crypt
cryptic	chithunzithunzi
cryptography	zojambulajambula
crystal	crystal
crystalline	crystalline
crystallization	crystallization
cub	cub
cubby	cubby
cube	cube
cubic	cubic
cubicle	cubicle
cuckold	cuckold
cuckoo	cuckoo
cucumber	mkhaka
cuddle	kukumba
cuddled	wodetsedwa
cuddles	makulu
cuddling	kukwapula
cue	cue
cuff	chikho
cuisine	zakudya
culinary	zophikira
cull	kudula
culminate	kumapeto
culmination	kumapeto
culpability	chiwonongeko
culpable	amachimwira
culprit	wochimwa
cult	chipembedzo
cultivate	kulimbitsa
cultivated	kulima
cultivation	kulima
cultural	chikhalidwe
culture	chikhalidwe
cultured	amakula
culvert	culvert
cumbersome	zovuta
cumulus	cumulus
cunning	chinyengo
cunt	wosungulumwa
cup	chikho
cupboard	makapu
cupcake	kapu
cupping	kukwapula
cur	pita
curable	kuchiritsidwa
curate	tetezani
curative	kuchiza
curator	kontara
curb	zitsulo
curd	yang'anani
cure	kuchiza
curfew	nthawi yofika panyumba
curiosity	chikhumbo
curious	chidwi
curl	kupiringa
curling	kupiringa
currency	ndalama
current	zamakono
curriculum	maphunziro
curry	sungani
curse	temberero
cursed	watembereredwa
cursing	kutemberera
cursory	cursory
curt	kupindika
curtail	kuchepetsa
curtailment	kuchepetsa
curtain	chophimba
curtains	makatani
curtsy	kupyolera
curvature	kupindika
curve	kupindika
curved	zokhota
curvilinear	nyengo
cushion	chotsamira
cushy	cushy
cusp	cusp
cuss	ndemanga
cussed	anatsutsana
custard	custard
custodial	kusunga
custodian	wosungira
custody	kusungidwa
custom	mwambo
customary	mwambo
customer	makasitomala
customized	zosinthidwa
cut	kudula
cutaneous	zidutswa
cute	zokongola
cuticle	cuticle
cutie	cutie
cutlass	makasitomala
cutlery	zopweteka
cutoff	dula
cutter	wodula
cutters	odula
cutthroat	kudula
cutting	kudula
cutting board	bolodi
cuttings	cuttings
cwt	cwt
cyanide	cyanide
cyberspace	Intaneti
cycle	kuzungulira
cyclical	ndondomeko
cyclist	wamsitima
cyclone	chimphepo
cylinder	silinda
cylindrical	cylindrical
cymbal	chimbalangondo
cynic	cynic
cynical	zamatsenga
cynicism	kusokoneza
cyst	cyst
cystic	cystic
cytomegalovirus	cytomegalovirus
cytoplasm	cytoplasm
czar	mfumu
dab	dab
dabble	dabble
dabbling	kutambasula
dad	abambo
daddy	abambo
dado	NO TRANSLATION
daemon	daemon
daft	daft
dagger	nthiti
daily	tsiku ndi tsiku
dainty	zokongola
daiquiri	daiquiri
dairy	mkaka
daisy	daisy
dak	NO TRANSLATION
dale	zolemba
dam	dambo
damage	kuwonongeka
damaged	kuwonongeka
damages	kuwonongeka
dame	dame
damn	Asa
damnation	chiwonongeko
damned	adawonongedwa
damp	yonyowa
dampened	osachepera
damper	damper
damsel	mtsikana
dance	kuvina
dancer	wovina
dancing	kuvina
dandruff	kuthamanga
dandy	dandy
danger	Ngozi
dangerous	zoopsa
dangerously	moopsa
dangit	NO TRANSLATION
dangle	dangle
dank	NO TRANSLATION
dapper	dapper
dare	yang'anireni
daredevil	daredevil
daresay	daresay
daring	odandaula
dark	mdima
darken	mdima
darkened	mdima
darkly	mdima
darkness	mdima
darkroom	darkroom
darkside	darkside
darling	wokondedwa
darn	darn
dart	dart
dash	dash
dashboard	dashboard
dashed	anadula
dashing	kutambasula
dastardly	kudya mowa
data	deta
database	database
date	tsiku
datenight	NO TRANSLATION
daughter	mwana wamkazi
dawdle	dawdle
dawn	m'maŵa
dawned	zinayamba
day	tsiku
daybreak	m'mawa
daycare	kusamalira
daydream	tsikudream
daydreaming	kutuluka
daylight	masana
daymade	NO TRANSLATION
dayoff	NO TRANSLATION
daytime	masana
daze	dza
dazed	zovuta
dazzle	kwezani
dazzling	okongola
deacon	dikoni
deactivate	lekani
dead	wakufa
deadbeat	chopha
deadline	tsiku lomalizira
deadlines	zolemba
deadlock	deadlock
deadly	chakupha
deaf	osamva
deafening	osamva
deafness	osamva
deal	kuchita
dealer	wogulitsa
dealership	wogulitsa
dealing	kuchita
dealings	zochita
dean	wotsamira
dear	wokondedwa
dearest	okondedwa
dearth	njala
death	imfa
deathbed	bedi lakufa
deathly	imfa
debacle	kunyengerera
debased	kunyozeka
debatable	zosamveka
debate	kukangana
debauchery	kunyenga
debenture	kubwezera
debilitating	kulephera
debit	debit
debrief	zokambirana
debriefing	kukambirana
debris	zinyalala
debt	ngongole
debtor	wokongoletsa
debut	poyamba
debutante	debutante
decade	zaka khumi
decadence	chiwonongeko
decadent	zovuta
decaf	kupuma
decanter	decanter
decathlon	decathlon
decay	kuwonongeka
decayed	zowonongeka
decaying	kuwonongeka
deceased	wamwalira
decedent	chiwonongeko
deceit	chinyengo
deceitful	chinyengo
deceive	kunyenga
deceived	atanyengedwa
deceiving	kunyenga
december	December
decency	ulemu
decent	wabwino
deception	chinyengo
deceptive	chinyengo
decide	sankhani
decidedly	mwachidwi
deciduous	zovuta
decimal	decimal
decimeter	decimeter
decipher	ziwonetseni
decision	chisankho
decisive	zovuta
deck	sitima
declaration	chidziwitso
declaratory	kulengeza
declare	kulengeza
declination	kuchepa
decline	kuchepa
declining	kuchepa
deco	deco
decode	sankhani
decoder	chojambula
decompose	ziwonongeke
decomposed	adawonongeka
decomposition	kuwonongeka
decompress	decompress
decompression	kusokoneza maganizo
decontamination	kupumula
decor	zokongoletsa
decorate	azikongoletsa
decorating	zokongoletsera
decoration	zokongoletsera
decorative	zokongoletsera
decorator	wokongoletsera
decorum	kukongoletsa
decoy	chiwonongeko
decrease	kuchepa
decreased	kuchepa
decreasing	kuchepa
decree	lamulo
decrement	ndondomeko
decrepit	choponderezeka
decry	kudula
decryption	kupuma
dedicate	kudzipatulira
dedication	kudzipatulira
deduce	onetsetsani
deduct	kuchotsa
deductible	deductible
deduction	kuchotsedwa
deed	zochita
deejay	deejay
deem	tawonani
deep	zakuya
deepen	kukulitsa
deer	mbawala
defamation	kufalitsa
defamatory	kusokoneza
default	chosasintha
defeat	kugonjetsedwa
defeated	kugonjetsedwa
defeatist	wogonjetsa
defect	chilema
defection	kutaya
defective	zopanda pake
defector	defector
defend	chitetezeni
defendant	wotsutsa
defended	anatetezedwa
defender	chitetezo
defending	kuteteza
defense	chitetezo
defenseless	opanda chitetezo
defensible	kutetezedwa
defensive	kuteteza
defer	sungani
deference	kufotokoza
deferral	kufotokozera
deferring	kutsegula
defiance	kutsutsa
defiant	wotsutsa
defibrillator	defibrillator
deficiency	kusowa
deficient	zosowa
deficit	zopanda pake
define	fotokozani
defined	akufotokozedwa
definite	otsimikizika
definition	tanthauzo
definitive	otsimikizika
deflate	chosokoneza
deflation	deflation
deflect	kusokoneza
deflection	kusokoneza
defloration	kufotokoza
deform	kutaya
deformed	olumala
deformity	kupunduka
defraud	kunyenga
defray	sizinayambe
defrost	defrost
deft	kuchoka
defunct	wosayenera
defuse	defuse
defy	kutaya
degeneracy	kuchepa
degenerate	kuchepa
degeneration	kuchepa
degradation	kuwonongeka
degrade	onyoza
degraded	zonyansa
degrading	zonyansa
degree	digiri
dehydrated	kutaya madzi
dehydration	kutaya madzi
dejected	okhumudwa
delay	kuchedwa
delayed	yachedwa
delectable	zosasangalatsa
delegate	nthumwi
delegation	nthumwi
delete	chotsani
deleterious	zopanda pake
deletion	kuchotsa
deli	msika wazakudya zophika
deliberate	mwadala
deliberation	kukambirana
deliberative	mwadala
delicacy	zokoma
delicate	wosakhwima
delicatessen	zophikiratu
delicious	zokoma
delight	kukondwa
delighted	Wokondwa
delightful	zokondweretsa
delineate	delineate
delineation	delineation
delinquency	kunyoza
delinquent	kupotoza
delirious	zokondweretsa
delirium	delirium
deliver	perekani
deliverance	chiwombolo
delivery	kutumiza
dell	dell
delta	delta
delude	chinyengo
deluge	chigumula
delusion	chinyengo
delusional	zopanda pake
deluxe	deluxe
delve	fotokozani
demand	zofuna
demanding	zovuta
demeaned	adanyozedwa
demeaning	kunyalanyaza
demeanor	khalidwe
demented	adakhazikika
dementia	matenda a maganizo
demise	chiwonongeke
demo	demo
democracy	demokarase
democrat	democrat
democratic	demokalase
demographic	anthu
demolish	kuwononga
demolished	anawonongedwa
demolition	chiwonongeko
demon	ziwanda
demonic	ziwanda
demonstrable	ziwonetsedwe
demonstrate	onetsani
demonstrated	anasonyeza
demonstrating	kusonyeza
demonstration	chiwonetsero
demonstrative	zosonyeza
demonstrator	mlaliki
demoralized	kuwonongeka
demos	demos
demure	chiwonongeko
den	NO TRANSLATION
deniability	kukana
denial	kukana
denied	anakanidwa
denim	denim
denomination	chipembedzo
denominational	chipembedzo
denominator	chipembedzo
denote	kutanthauza
denounce	onyoza
dense	wandiweyani
density	osalimba
dent	dent
dental	mano
dentist	dokotala wa mano
dentistry	mazinyo
dentists	madokotala a mano
denunciation	chidzudzulo
deny	kanizani
denying	kukana
deodorant	zosakaniza
depart	chokani
departed	adachoka
department	dipatimenti
departmental	ofesi
departure	kuchoka
depend	kudalira
dependable	odalirika
dependant	wodalira
dependence	kudalira
dependency	kudalira
dependent	wodalira
depict	fotokozani
depicting	kusonyeza
depletion	kutaya
deplorable	zovuta
deplore	dandaula
deploy	tumizani
deployment	kutumizidwa
deport	kuthamangitsani
deportation	kuthamangitsidwa
depose	khala pansi
deposit	positi
depositary	kutuluka
deposition	kutumiza
depository	depository
depot	depot
depraved	zonyansa
depravity	kunyansa
depreciate	kuchepa
depreciated	adanyozedwa
depreciation	kuchepa
depress	kudandaula
depressed	wovutika maganizo
depressing	kukhumudwitsa
depression	kudandaula
depressive	zowawa
depresson	NO TRANSLATION
deprivation	kunyansidwa
deprive	siya
deprived	yanyansidwa
depth	kuya
deputy	wotsogolera
derail	kudera
deranged	deranged
derelict	kusokonekera
derision	kunyozedwa
derivation	kuchoka
derivative	zochokera
derive	amachokera
dermal	mchere
dermatologist	dermatologist
dermatology	zamasamba
derogation	kunyoza
derogatory	kunyoza
descend	tsika
descendant	mbadwa
descendent	NO TRANSLATION
descending	akutsika
descent	mbadwa
describe	fotokozani
description	kufotokoza
descriptive	zofotokoza
desecrate	tsitsa
desecration	kusokoneza
desert	chipululu
deserted	wasiya
deserter	wosokoneza
desertion	kutaya
deserve	akuyenera
deserved	woyenera
deserving	woyenera
design	kupanga
designate	atchule
designated	osankhidwa
designation	mayina
designed	zopangidwa
designer	wojambula
designing	kupanga
desirability	zofuna
desirable	zofunika
desire	chikhumbo
desiring	kufuna
desirous	ndikufuna
desist	kusiya
desk	desiki
desolate	bwinja
desolation	chiwonongeko
despair	kukhumudwa
despairing	kukhumudwa
despatch	despatch
desperado	desperado
desperate	mwangozi
desperation	kusimidwa
despicable	zonyansa
despise	kunyoza
despondent	okhumudwa
despotic	achinyengo
despotism	zosokoneza
dessert	mchere
destination	kupita kopita
destined	cholinga
destiny	zochitika
destitute	osauka
destroy	kuwononga
destroyed	kuwonongedwa
destroyer	wowononga
destroying	kuwononga
destruct	kuwonongedwa
destruction	chiwonongeko
destructive	chiwonongeko
detach	chotsani
detached	osungidwa
detachment	asilikali
detail	tsatanetsatane
detailed	tsatanetsatane
details	mfundo
detain	omanga
detainee	womangidwa
detect	dziwani
detectable	zimawoneka
detection	kuzindikira
detective	woyang'anira
detector	detector
detention	ndende
deter	zitha
detergent	detergent
deteriorate	kuwonongeka
deteriorated	zinasokonekera
deteriorating	kuwonongeka
deterioration	kuwonongeka
determinable	zosinthika
determinate	chodziwika
determination	kutsimikiza
determine	dziwani
determined	atsimikiza
deterrent	kuletsa
detest	zonyansa
detestation	zonyansa
detonate	onetsetsani
detonation	detonation
detonator	detonator
detour	zosokoneza
detract	zimasokoneza
detriment	kuvulaza
detrimental	kuvulaza
detritus	detritus
deuce	deuce
deutschmark	deutschmark
devalued	adadzipereka
devastate	kuwononga
devastated	yawonongeka
devastating	zopweteka
devastation	kuwonongeka
develop	khalani
developer	woyambitsa
developing	kukula
development	chitukuko
deviant	zosasintha
deviate	patukani
deviating	kuchoka
deviation	kupotoka
device	chipangizo
devil	mdierekezi
deviled	kutaya
devilish	mdierekezi
devious	wonyenga
devise	konzani
devoid	wopanda
devolution	kukonza
devolve	chitani
devote	perekani
devoted	odzipereka
devotee	wodzipereka
devotion	kudzipereka
devotional	zopembedza
devour	idyani
devout	wodzipatulira
dew	mame
dexter	dexter
dexterity	kusokoneza
dextrose	dextrose
diabetes	matenda a shuga
diabetic	shuga
diabolical	diabolical
diagnose	matenda
diagnosis	matenda
diagnostic	matenda
diagnostics	matenda
diagonal	owonetsa
diagram	chithunzi
dial	dial
dialect	chinenero
dialectic	dialectic
dialogue	kukambirana
dialysis	dialysis
diameter	m'mimba mwake
diamond	daimondi
diamonds	diamondi
diaper	chojambula
diaphragm	diaphragm
diarrhea	kutsekula m'mimba
diarrhoea	kutsekula m'mimba
diary	diary
diatribe	diatribe
dib	NO TRANSLATION
dibs	dibs
dice	madontho
dicey	zokoma
dichotomous	zosangalatsa
dichotomy	dichotomy
dick	dick
dickhead	mutu wamutu
dicks	madontho
dictate	tumizani
dictation	kulamula
dictator	wolamulira wankhanza
dictatorial	olamulira
dictatorship	kupondereza
diction	diction
dictionary	dikishonale
dictum	NO TRANSLATION
didactic	aphunzitsi
diddle	adayika
die	NO TRANSLATION
died	anamwalira
diesel	dizilo
diet	zakudya
dietary	zakudya
differ	zimasiyana
difference	kusiyana
differences	kusiyana
different	zosiyana
differential	kusiyana
differentiation	kusiyana
differently	mosiyana
differing	zosiyana
difficult	zovuta
difficulties	zovuta
difficulty	vuto
diffuse	kufalikira
diffusion	kufalikira
dig	NO TRANSLATION
digest	kukumba
digestion	chimbudzi
digestive	kudya
digit	chiwerengero
digital	digito
dignified	wolemekezeka
dignify	kulemekeza
dignity	ulemu
digress	digress
digs	NO TRANSLATION
dike	dike
dilapidated	zowonongeka
dilatation	kupititsa patsogolo
dilation	kuchepetsa
dildo	dildo
dilemma	vuto
diligence	khama
diligent	mwakhama
dill	katsabola
diluent	diluent
dilute	kuchepetsa
diluted	kuchepetsedwa
dilution	dilution
dim	mdima
dime	dime
dimension	gawo
dimensional	zochepa
diminish	kuchepetsa
diminished	kuchepa
diminution	kuchepa
diminutive	kuchepa
dimwit	kuchepetsa
din	NO TRANSLATION
dine	idyani
diner	kudya
dinghy	dinghy
dingo	dingo
dingy	dingy
dining	kudya
dinky	dinky
dinner	chakudya chamadzulo
dinnertime	nthawi yamadzulo
dinosaur	dinosaur
dint	sankhani
diocesan	diocesa
diocese	diocese
diorama	diorama
dioxide	dioxide
dip	sungani
diploma	diploma
diplomacy	zokambirana
diplomat	nthumwi
diplomatic	ovomerezeka
dipper	chotsani
dippy	zovuta
dipstick	kusindikizidwa
dire	NO TRANSLATION
direct	lolunjika
directed	amatsogoleredwa
direction	njira
directive	malangizo
directly	mwachindunji
director	mtsogoleri
directory	zolemba
dirt	dothi
dirty	zonyansa
disability	kulemala
disable	thandizani
disabled	olumala
disadvantage	zovuta
disaffected	osayanjanitsika
disagree	sagwirizana
disagreeable	chosatsutsika
disagreeing	kusagwirizana
disagreement	kusagwirizana
disallow	osakana
disallowed	adakana
disapointment	NO TRANSLATION
disappear	satha
disappearance	kutha
disappearing	kutha
disappoint	kudandaula
disappointed	anakhumudwa
disappointing	zokhumudwitsa
disappointment	kukhumudwa
disapproval	osayamika
disapprove	osavomereza
disapproved	osavomerezedwa
disapproving	osavomereza
disarm	sokonezani
disarray	kusokonekera
disaster	tsoka
disastrous	zoopsa
disband	kusokoneza
disbelief	kusakhulupirira
disbelieve	Musakhulupirire
disburse	kubwezera
disbursement	malipiro
disc	diski
discard	taya
discarded	atayidwa
discards	amasiya
discern	kuzindikira
discernible	kuzindikira
discerning	kuzindikira
discernment	kuzindikira
discharge	kutulutsa
disciple	wophunzira
disciplinary	chilango
discipline	chilango
disciplined	adalangidwa
disclaim	sungani
disclaimer	chotsutsa
disclose	fotokozani
disclosed	adaululidwa
disclosure	kuwulula
disco	disco
discoloration	kusinthika
discolored	zojambula
discomfort	kusokonezeka
disconcerted	osokonezeka
disconcerting	kusokoneza
disconnect	sinthani
disconnected	adachotsedwa
disconnection	kuchotsedwa
disconnects	kuchotsa
discontent	osakhutira
discontinuance	kusiya
discontinue	asiye
discontinuity	kusiya
discontinuous	kusiya
discord	kusagwirizana
discount	kuchotsera
discounted	kuchotsedwa
discourage	kukhumudwitsa
discouraged	kukhumudwa
discouragement	kukhumudwa
discouraging	kukhumudwitsa
discourse	nkhani
discover	pezani
discovery	kupeza
discredit	kunyalanyaza
discredited	amavomereza
discreet	NO TRANSLATION
discrepancy	kusiyana
discrete	discrete
discretion	luntha
discretionary	discretionary
discriminate	sankhani
discriminating	kusankha
discrimination	tsankho
discus	discus
discuss	kambiranani
discussion	kukambirana
disdain	kunyoza
disdainful	osayera
disease	matenda
diseased	matenda
disembodied	amachotsedwa
disengage	sungani
disengagement	kusokoneza
disfigured	osasintha
disgrace	manyazi
disgraced	manyazi
disgraceful	zochititsa manyazi
disgruntled	osakondwera
disguise	zobisala
disguised	atasintha
disgust	kunyansidwa
disgusted	kunyozedwa
disgusting	zonyansa
dish	mbale
disheartened	ataya mtima
disheartening	kukhumudwitsa
dishonest	wosakhulupirika
dishonesty	kusakhulupirika
dishonor	manyazi
dishonorable	manyazi
dishwasher	chotsukira mbale
disillusionment	kusokonezeka
disinclination	kusokonezeka
disincline	kusokoneza
disinclined	adakanidwa
disinfect	tizilombo toyambitsa matenda
disinfectant	mankhwala ophera tizilombo toyambitsa matenda
disinfection	disinfection
disinformation	disinformation
disingenuous	osasamala
disintegrate	kusokoneza
disintegration	kusokonezeka
disinterested	osakhudzidwa
disjoint	osagwirizana
disjointed	osagwirizana
disjunctive	kusokoneza
disk	diski
diskette	diskette
dislike	osakonda
disliked	sakonda
disliking	kusokonezeka
dislocated	anamasulidwa
dislocation	kusokoneza
dislodge	sungani
disloyal	osakhulupirika
disloyalty	kusakhulupirika
dismal	kusokonezeka
dismantle	kutaya
dismay	mantha
dismayed	kuda nkhawa
dismemberment	kuvomereza
dismiss	chotsani
dismissal	kuchotsedwa
dismissive	kusamvera
dismount	dismount
disobedience	kusamvera
disobedient	osamvera
disobey	osamvera
disorder	chisokonezo
disordered	osokonezeka
disorderly	osasamala
disorganized	osasokonezeka
disorientation	kusokonezeka
disoriented	kusokonezeka
disown	kukana
disparage	kusokoneza
disparaging	kusokoneza
disparate	osagwirizana
disparity	kusagwirizana
dispassionate	opanda chifundo
dispatch	kutumiza
dispatcher	kutumiza
dispel	tulukani
dispensary	misonkho
dispensation	nyengo
dispense	perekani
dispenser	dispenser
dispersal	kufalikira
disperse	kufalikira
dispersed	kufalikira
dispersion	kufalikira
dispirited	kuthamangitsidwa
displace	kuchoka
displaced	akuthawa kwawo
displacement	kusamuka
displacency	kusamuka
display	kusonyeza
displease	osasangalatsa
displeased	osakondwera
displeasure	chisangalalo
disposable	zosungidwa
disposal	kutaya
dispose	taya
disposed	yosungidwa
disposition	malingaliro
dispossessed	kutengedwa
disprove	tsutsani
dispute	mkangano
disqualification	kulephera
disqualified	osayenera
disqualify	osayenera
disquieted	kusokonezeka
disregard	osanyalanyaza
disregarded	kunyalanyazidwa
disrelish	kusokoneza
disreputable	osadziwika
disrepute	sanyoze
disrespect	kusalemekeza
disrespectful	kusalemekeza
disrupt	kusokoneza
disrupting	kusokoneza
disruption	kusokonezeka
disruptive	zosokoneza
dissatisfaction	kusakhutira
dissatisfied	osakhutira
dissect	kusokoneza
dissection	kusokoneza
disseminate	kufalitsa
dissemination	kufalitsa
dissension	kusagwirizana
dissent	chisokonezo
dissenting	kusokoneza
dissertation	kusindikizidwa
disservice	sungani
dissident	osagwirizana
dissimilar	osiyana
dissipate	tisiye
dissipated	anasiya
dissociation	kusokonezeka
dissociative	dissociative
dissolution	kutayika
dissolve	sungunulani
dissonance	dissonance
dissuade	zitsutsani
distal	distal
distance	mtunda
distant	kutali
distaste	zosokoneza
distasteful	zosasangalatsa
distillate	distillate
distillation	distillation
distilled	osungunuka
distinct	zosiyana
distinction	kusiyana
distinctive	zosiyana
distinguish	kusiyanitsa
distinguishable	kusiyanitsa
distinguished	osiyana
distinguishing	kusiyanitsa
distort	kusokoneza
distorted	kusokonezedwa
distortion	lakwitsidwa
distract	kusokoneza
distracted	zasokonezedwa
distracting	zosokoneza
distraction	kusokoneza
distraught	kusokonezeka
distress	kuvutika
distressed	osokonezeka
distressing	zovuta
distribute	perekani
distribution	kufalitsa
distributor	wofalitsa
district	chigawo
distrust	kusakhulupirika
disturb	kusokoneza
disturbance	chisokonezo
disturbed	kusokonezeka
disturbing	zosokoneza
disuse	osagwiritsa ntchito
disused	osagwiritsidwa ntchito
ditch	dzenje
ditto	ndondomeko
ditty	zolemba
diurnal	kuchotsa
diva	diva
divan	NO TRANSLATION
dive	dambani
diver	diver
diverge	sokonezani
divergence	kusiyana
divergent	kusiyanitsa
diverging	zosiyana
divers	osiyana
diverse	zosiyana
diversified	zosiyana
diversify	kusiyanitsa
diversion	zosokoneza
diversionary	zosokoneza
diversity	zosiyanasiyana
divert	kusuntha
diverting	kusokoneza
divest	kupatukana
divested	adagawanika
divestment	kupatukana
divide	gawani
divided	adagawanika
dividend	gawoli
divination	kuwombeza
divine	zaumulungu
divinity	uzimu
divisible	kugawidwa
division	kugawa
divisor	wongolerani
divorce	kusudzulana
divorcee	banja
divulge	tulukani
divvy	divvy
dizziness	chizungulire
dizzy	chizungulire
do	chitani
doable	zovuta
doc	doc
docile	chitha
dock	dock
docked	amakoka
docket	doko
docking	kuchita
doctor	dokotala
doctorate	doctorate
doctrinal	ziphunzitso
doctrine	chiphunzitso
document	zolemba
documentary	zolemba
documentation	zolemba
documents	zolemba
dodge	dodge
dodger	dodger
dodging	kuthamanga
dodgy	dodgy
dodo	dodo
doe	doe
doer	wochita
dog	galu
dogface	chikhalidwe
dogged	adagwidwa
doggy	mbidzi
doghouse	nyumba yamagulu
dogma	chiphunzitso
dogmatic	kutsindika
dogsick	NO TRANSLATION
doings	zochita
doit	NO TRANSLATION
dojo	dojo
doldrums	zida
dole	dola
doll	chidole
dollar	dola
dollhouse	chidole
dolor	NO TRANSLATION
dolphin	dolphin
domain	domain
dome	dome
domestic	zoweta
domesticated	zoweta
domestication	kumudzi
domicile	malo
domiciled	amadziwika
dominance	ulamuliro
dominant	chachikulu
dominate	kulamulira
dominating	kulamulira
domination	ulamuliro
dominatrix	dominatrix
dominion	ulamuliro
domino	domino
don	don
donate	perekani
donation	Mphatso
donkey	bulu
donor	wopereka
dontlikeyou	NO TRANSLATION
dontmess	NO TRANSLATION
dontmesswithme	kumakumada
dontpanic	dontpanic
dontunderstand	NO TRANSLATION
doodle	chikhomo
doom	chiwonongeko
doomed	adzawonongedwa
doomsday	doomsday
door	khomo
doorbell	doorbell
doorknob	golide
doorman	doorman
doormat	doormat
doornail	pakhomo
doorstep	pakhomo
doorway	khomo
dopamine	dopamine
dope	dope
dopey	dopey
dork	dork
dorky	dorky
dorm	dorm
dormant	osakhalitsa
dormitory	malo ogona
dorsal	kunyalanyaza
dosage	mlingo
dose	mlingo
dossier	zolemba
dot	dot
doting	kuwombera
dotted	ndimadontho
dotty	dotty
double	kawiri
doubled	kawiri
doublet	doublet
doubling	kuphatikiza
doubt	kukayika
doubtful	osakayikira
doubting	kukayikira
doubtless	mosakayikira
doubts	kukayikira
douche	douche
douchebags	douchebags
dough	mtanda
doughboy	wokondwa
doughnut	donati
dour	kudandaula
douse	duka
dove	nkhunda
down	pansi
downcast	kutsika
downer	pansi
downfall	kugwa
downfield	pansi
downhearted	okhumudwa
downhill	kutsika
download	kulandila
downpour	mvula
downright	mozama
downriver	kutsika
downside	pansi
downtime	nthawi yotsika
downward	pansi
downy	pansi
dowry	dowry
doze	doze
dozen	khumi ndi awiri
drab	denga
draft	kulemba
drafty	kukonda
drag	Kokani
dragon	chinjoka
dragonfly	chiboliboli
drain	kuda
drainage	ngalande
drained	chatsekedwa
draining	kukhetsa
drainpipe	drainpipe
drake	drake
drama	sewero
dramaqueen	NO TRANSLATION
dramatic	zochititsa chidwi
drape	kutchinga
drapery	kukhetsa
drastic	zovuta
drat	NO TRANSLATION
draught	kulemba
draw	kukoka
drawback	zovuta
drawbridge	mayendedwe
drawer	dawuni
drawers	okoka
drawing	kujambula
dread	mantha
dreaded	mantha
dreadful	zoopsa
dreadfully	moopsa
dreading	kuopa
dream	maloto
dreamboat	dreamboat
dreamer	wolota
dreaming	kulota
dreamland	dreamland
dreams	maloto
dreamt	analota
dreamy	maloto
dreary	zovuta
dredge	dredge
drenched	wodwala
dress	kuvala
dresser	wovala zovala
dressmaker	wovala zovala
dressy	kuvala
dribble	NO TRANSLATION
dried	zouma
drier	kudyetsa
drift	kuchoka
drifted	adathamangitsidwa
drifter	drifter
driftwood	driftwood
drill	kubowola
drink	kumwa
drinker	wosamwa
drinking	kumwa
drinks	zakumwa
drip	kudula
dripping	kupukuta
drive	kuyendetsa galimoto
drivel	kuyendetsa
driver	woyendetsa
driveway	galimoto
drizzle	khululuka
droll	dothi
drone	drone
drones	drones
drool	drool
drooping	kutaya
droopy	droopy
drop	taya
droplet	droplet
dropout	Siyani
dropper	dropper
drought	chilala
drove	NO TRANSLATION
drown	dzamira
drowsiness	kugona
drowsy	kugona
drudgery	zovuta
drug	mankhwala
drug dealing	mankhwala osokoneza bongo
drugged	mankhwala osokoneza bongo
druggist	wochira
drugs	mankhwala
drugstore	mankhwala osokoneza bongo
druid	druid
drum	drum
drummer	drummer
drumming	kusewera
drunk	woledzera
drunk driving	galimoto yoledzera
drunkard	chidakhwa
drunken	kuledzera
drunkenness	kuledzera
dry	wouma
dryer	dryer
dryness	kuyanika
dual	awiri
dualism	zamatsenga
duality	duality
dub	dub
dubious	zosautsa
duchess	duchess
duck	bakha
ducking	ducking
duckling	duckling
ducky	ducky
duct	chitoliro
ductile	ductile
dud	dud
dude	wosayankhula
duds	duds
due	chifukwa
duel	duel
dues	ndalama
duet	duet
duffel	duffel
dugout	dugout
duh	duh
duke	bwanamkubwa
dull	wosasangalatsa
dullard	sanagwidwe
dumb	wosayankhula
dumbasses	zovuta
dumbbell	dumbbell
dumbbitch	NO TRANSLATION
dumfound	kutaya
dumfounder	NO TRANSLATION
dummy	dummy
dump	kutaya
dumpling	dumpling
dumps	kutaya
dumpster	wosuta
dun	dun
dunce	dunce
dune	dune
dung	NO TRANSLATION
dungeon	ndende
dunk	dunk
duo	duo
dupe	kubwereza
duplex	duplex
duplicate	zolemba
duplication	kubwereza
duplicity	kuphatikiza
durability	kukhazikika
durable	chokhazikika
duration	nthawi
duress	kuthandizani
dusk	madzulo
dusky	dusky
dust	fumbi
duster	madzulo
dustpan	phulusa
dusty	fumbi
dutiful	wodalirika
duty	ntchito
dwarf	amamera
dwarfed	wochepa kwambiri
dweeb	dweeb
dwell	khalani
dweller	wokhala
dwelling	kukhala
dye	dye
dying	kufa
dyke	dyke
dynamic	mphamvu
dynamical	mphamvu
dynamics	mphamvu
dynamite	dynamite
dynamo	dynamo
dynasty	mafumu
dysentery	kamwazi
dysfunction	kutayika
dysfunctional	zosafunika
dyspepsia	dyspepsia
eager	mwachidwi
eagerness	chidwi
eagle	mphungu
ear	khutu
earful	zokoma
earl	khutu
earlier	kale
early	oyambirira
earn	kupeza
earnest	mwakhama
earnestly	mwakhama
earnestness	khama
earnings	malipiro
earpiece	chovala chakumutu
earring	mphete
earrings	mphete
earshot	earhot
earth	dziko lapansi
earthenware	dothi
earthling	dziko lapansi
earthly	padziko lapansi
earthquake	chivomerezi
earthy	earthy
ease	kumasuka
easel	Pasel
easement	easement
easily	mosavuta
east	kummawa
eastbound	kum'mawa
eastern	kum'mawa
easy	zosavuta
easygoing	mosavutikira
eat	idyani
eater	idyani
eating	kudya
eatingdisorders	NO TRANSLATION
eavesdrop	lavesdrop
eavesdropping	kumanga
ebb	ebb
ebony	ebony
ebullient	zonyansa
eccentric	zovomerezeka
eccentricity	kutenthetsa
ecclesiastical	zamipingo
echelon	echelon
echinacea	echinacea
echo	tchulani
eclectic	zopanda pake
eclipse	kutaya kwa kadamsana
ecliptic	kadamsana
ecological	zachilengedwe
economic	chuma
economical	ndalama
economics	chuma
economy	chuma
ecosystem	zachilengedwe
ecstasy	chisangalalo
ecstatic	chosangalatsa
ecumenical	zachipembedzo
eddy	eddy
edema	edema
edge	m'mphepete
edging	edging
edgy	edgy
edible	kudya
edict	lamulo
edification	kumangiriza
edifice	nyumba
edit	sintha
editing	kusintha
edition	kope
editor	mkonzi
editorial	mkonzi
educate	kuphunzitsa
educated	wophunzira
education	maphunziro
educational	maphunziro
educator	mphunzitsi
eeeek	NO TRANSLATION
eeek	NO TRANSLATION
eek	eek
eel	njoka yam'madzi
eerie	zovuta
effect	zotsatira
effective	zothandiza
effectiveness	mphamvu
effects	zotsatira
effectual	bwino
effectually	effectually
effectuate	chitani
effeminate	sintha
efficacious	zothandiza
efficacy	zothandiza
efficiency	bwino
efficient	bwino
effigy	effigy
effort	khama
effortless	osayesetsa
effusion	chisokonezo
effyou	NO TRANSLATION
egg	dzira
egghead	mimba
eggnog	eggnog
eggplant	biringanya
eggshell	mazira a eggsell
ego	Ego
egomaniac	odziwika
egotistical	odzikuza
egregious	zovuta
egress	zovuta
eight	asanu ndi atatu
eighteen	khumi ndi zisanu ndi zitatu
eighth	chachisanu ndi chitatu
eighty	makumi asanu ndi atatu
ejaculate	ejaculate
ejaculation	kuthamangitsidwa
eject	siya
ejection	ejection
elaborate	zazikulu
elaboration	elaboration
elan	NO TRANSLATION
elapse	kudutsa
elapsed	kudutsa
elastic	zotanuka
elasticity	elasticity
elated	okondwa
elation	zosangalatsa
elbow	mpukutu
eld	eld
elder	mkulu
elderly	okalamba
elders	akulu
eldest	wamkulu
elect	osankhidwa
election	kusankhidwa
elective	kusankha
elector	osankhidwa
electoral	chisankho
electorate	osankhidwa
electric	magetsi
electric slide	magetsi
electrical	magetsi
electrician	wamagetsi
electricity	magetsi
electrify	kusokoneza
electrocute	electrocute
electrocution	electrocution
electromagnetic	magetsi
electron	electron
electronic	zamagetsi
electronics	zamagetsi
elegance	kukongola
elegant	zokongola
element	gawo
elemental	zofunikira
elementary	pulayimale
elements	zinthu
elephant	njovu
elevate	kukweza
elevated	kukwera
elevation	kukwera
elevator	elevator
eleven	khumi ndi limodzi
eleventh	khumi ndi chimodzi
elf	elf
elicit	pemphani
eligible	woyenera
eliminate	kuthetsa
elimination	kuchotsa
elite	olemekezeka
elitist	elitist
elixir	elixir
elk	elk
ell	Ell
ellipse	ellipse
ellipsis	ellipsis
ellipsoid	ellipsoid
elliptic	mphutsi
elliptical	elliptical
elm	elm
elongate	kupatula
elongation	kupitiliza
elope	elope
eloquence	mwatsatanetsatane
eloquent	wopeka
elucidate	tulukani
elucidation	kufotokoza
elude	sataya
elusive	osasamala
emaciated	emaciated
email	imelo
emanate	imanate
emancipation	kumasulidwa
embankment	kulumikiza
embargo	NO TRANSLATION
embark	kuyamba
embarrass	manyazi
embarrassed	manyazi
embarrassing	zochititsa manyazi
embarrassment	manyazi
embassy	ambassy
embattled	kumenyana
embed	emani
embellish	embellish
embellishment	embellishment
embers	amayamba
embezzlement	chiwonongeko
embezzler	wosokoneza
emblem	chizindikiro
emblematic	zizindikiro
embodiment	mawonekedwe
embolism	embolism
embossed	zojambula
embrace	kuvomereza
embroidered	zokongoletsedwa
embroidery	zokongoletsera
embroiled	anaphatikizidwa
embryo	embryo
embryonic	embryonic
emcee	emcee
emerald	emerald
emerge	kutuluka
emergence	kutuluka
emergency	zovuta
emeritus	emeritus
emery	emery
emetophobia	emetophobia
emigrate	sungani
emigration	kusamuka
eminence	ukulu
eminent	wapamwamba
eminently	mopepuka
emir	NO TRANSLATION
emissary	nthumwi
emission	mpweya
emit	emit
emo	Emo
emotion	Maganizo
emotional	maganizo
emotive	zolimbikitsa
empathic	kumvetsa chisoni
empathize	kumvetsa
empathy	chifundo
emperor	mfumu
emphasis	kutsindika
emphasize	tsindikani
emphatic	emphatic
emphysema	emphysema
empire	ufumu
empirical	zolemba
empiricism	chiwonetsero
employ	gwiritsani ntchito
employee	wogwira ntchito
employer	wothandizira
employment	ntchito
emporium	emporium
empower	mphamvu
empress	mzimayi
emptiness	zopanda pake
emption	kutengeka
empty	chopanda kanthu
emu	emu
emulate	tsatirani
emulsion	emulsion
enable	zithandizani
enablement	mphamvu
enact	chitani
enactment	kukhazikitsa
enamel	enamel
encampment	msasa
enchant	zokopa
enchanted	osangalala
enchanting	kukondweretsa
enchantment	enchantment
enchantress	enchantere
enchilada	enchilada
encircle	kuzungulira
encircling	kuzungulira
enclave	amakoka
enclose	yambani
enclosure	zitsekedwa
encode	lowetsani
encomiastic	NO TRANSLATION
encomium	encomium
encompass	akuphatikizapo
encore	NO TRANSLATION
encounter	kukumana
encourage	kulimbikitsani
encouraged	adalimbikitsidwa
encouragement	chilimbikitso
encouraging	kulimbikitsa
encroach	kudutsa
encroachment	kusokoneza
encrypt	encrypt
encryption	kufalitsa
encumbrance	zovuta
encyclopedia	encyclopedia
end	TSIRIZA
end table	tebulo lotsiriza
endanger	kuika pangozi
endangered	pangozi
endangerment	kuika pangozi
endearing	wokondweretsa
endeavor	yesetsani
ended	inatha
endemic	zovuta
endgame	mapeto
ending	kutha
endless	zosatha
endocarditis	endocarditis
endorse	kuvomereza
endorsement	kuvomereza
endow	chikhazikitso
endowed	wapatsidwa
endowment	Mphatso
endpapers	mapepala
endpoint	mapeto
endurance	chipiriro
endure	kupirira
enduring	kupirira
enema	enema
enemy	mdani
energetic	olimba
energize	kulimbikitsa
energy	mphamvu
enforce	tsatirani
enforcement	kuwatsata
enforcer	enforcer
engage	khalani nawo
engaged	anachitapo kanthu
engagement	chiyanjano
engaging	kuchita
engender	engender
engine	injini
engineer	injiniya
engineering	engineering
engrave	zojambulajambula
engraved	zojambula
engraver	zojambulajambula
engraving	engraving
engrossed	atanganidwa kwambiri
engrossing	kugwedeza
engulf	engulf
enhance	kuwonjezera
enhancement	kupititsa patsogolo
enigma	enigma
enigmatic	enigmatic
enjoin	lembani
enjoy	kusangalala
enjoyable	zosangalatsa
enjoying	kusangalala
enjoyment	zosangalatsa
enlarge	yonjezerani
enlarged	yowonjezedwa
enlargement	kutambasula
enlighten	kuunikira
enlightened	kuunikiridwa
enlightening	kuunikira
enlightenment	chidziwitso
enlist	funsani
enliven	enliven
enmity	udani
ennui	ennui
enormity	kukula
enormous	zazikulu
enormously	kwambiri
enraged	wokwiya
enrich	kulimbikitsa
enroll	kulembetsa
enrollment	kulembetsa
ensemble	pamodzi
ensign	lembani
enslave	ukapolo
enslaved	akapolo
enslavement	ukapolo
ensue	chigwirizano
ensure	onetsetsani
entail	zikuphatikizapo
entangled	kulowerera
entanglement	kulowerera
enter	lowani
enterprise	malonda
enterprising	zosangalatsa
entertain	zosangalatsa
entertained	amasangalala
entertainer	wosangalatsa
entertaining	zosangalatsa
entertainment	zosangalatsa
enthralled	zovuta
enthusiasm	kukhudzika
enthusiast	wokondeka
enthusiastic	wokondwa
entice	kukopa
entire	lonse
entirety	lonse
entitle	choyenera
entity	gulu
entomology	entomology
entourage	entourage
entrails	zam'mimba
entrance	Polowera
entrapment	zovuta
entreat	pemphani
entree	kulowa
entrepreneur	wochita malonda
entrust	perekani
entry	kulowa
enumerate	enumerate
enumeration	malipiro
envelope	envelopu
envious	nsanje
environ	NO TRANSLATION
environment	zachilengedwe
environmental	zachilengedwe
environs	pafupi
envision	ganizirani
envoy	nthumwi
envy	nsanje
enzyme	enzyme
ephemeral	ephemeral
ephemeris	ephemeris
epic	zovuta
epidemic	mliri
epidermis	epidermis
epidural	zovuta
epilepsy	khunyu
epileptic	khunyu
epilogue	zochitika
epiphany	epiphany
episcopal	apolisi
episode	zochitika
episodic	episodic
epistle	kalata
epitaph	epitaph
epithet	epithet
epitome	ndondomeko
epoch	nyengo
equal	ofanana
equality	kulingana
equalization	equalization
equalize	amalinganiza
equalizer	equalizer
equally	mofanana
equate	lingani
equation	equation
equator	equator
equatorial	equatorial
equestrian	osanja
equidistant	zofanana
equilibration	kulumikizana
equilibrium	mgwirizano
equip	kukonzekera
equipment	zipangizo
equitable	chilungamo
equity	chilungamo
equivalence	zofanana
equivalent	zofanana
equivocal	zosavuta
era	nyengo
eradicate	kuthetseratu
eradication	kutha
erase	shenani
eraser	eraser
erasure	kuchotsa
ere	NO TRANSLATION
erect	yakhazikika
erectile	erectile
erection	kukonzedwa
ergo	NO TRANSLATION
erode	sintha
erosion	Kutentha kwa nthaka
erotic	zolaula
erotica	zochitika
err	alakwitsa
errand	zolakwika
errant	zolakwika
erratic	zolakwika
erratum	erratum
erroneous	zolakwika
error	zolakwika
erst	NO TRANSLATION
erudite	erudite
erupt	akuphulika
eruption	mphukira
escalade	escalade
escalate	kuwonjezeka
escalating	akukula
escalation	kukula
escalator	escalator
escape	kuthawa
escaped	anathawa
escarpment	chiwonongeko
eschew	eschew
escort	pitiliza
escrow	chikole
esophagus	mphukira
esoteric	esoteric
especial	NO TRANSLATION
espionage	espionage
espouse	kukonda
espresso	espresso
esprit	mzimu
esquire	fufuzani
essay	nkhani
essayist	wolemba nkhani
essence	chofunika
essential	zofunika
essentially	makamaka
establish	kukhazikitsa
established	atakhazikitsidwa
establishment	kukhazikitsidwa
estate	malo
esteem	ulemu
esteemed	olemekezeka
esthetic	esthetic
estimable	zosatheka
estimate	kulingalira
estimation	kulingalira
estoppel	estoppel
estranged	wasokonezeka
estrogen	estrogen
estuary	dera
etch	etch
etching	kutchera
eternal	wosatha
eternity	kwamuyaya
ethanol	ethanol
ether	ether
ethereal	ethereal
ethic	mfundo
ethical	chikhalidwe
ethics	miyambo
ethnic	mtundu
ethnography	ethnography
etiology	zamaliseche
etiquette	ulemu
etymology	etymology
eucalyptus	eukalyti
euchre	inde
eugenics	eugenics
eulogistic	zochitika
eulogium	eulogium
eulogize	zosangalatsa
eulogy	zolemba
euphemism	chisokonezo
euphoria	chisangalalo
euphoric	euphoric
euro	euro
euthanasia	euthanasia
evacuate	tulukani
evacuation	kuthawa
evade	tipewe
evaluate	yesani
evaluation	kuwunika
evanescence	evanescence
evangelical	evangelical
evangelist	mlaliki
evangelistic	evangeli
evaporate	sungunuka
evaporation	kutuluka kwa madzi
evasion	kuthawa
evasive	evasive
eve	mawa
evening	madzulo
evens	NO TRANSLATION
event	chochitika
eventful	zochitika
eventual	kenako
eventuality	zochitika
evergreen	zobiriwira
everlasting	wosatha
evermore	nthawizonse
everyday	tsiku lililonse
everyman	aliyense
evict	kuthamangitsa
eviction	kuchotsedwa
evidence	umboni
evident	zikuwonekera
evidentiary	umboni
evil	zoipa
evoke	yambani
evolution	kusinthika
evolutionary	kusinthika
evolve	kusintha
ewe	Ewe
ex	m
exacerbate	zovuta
exacerbation	kuwonjezera
exact	ndendende
exacting	zovuta
exaggerate	wanyengerera
exaggerated	wanyengerera
exaggeration	kusokoneza
exalt	kukweza
exaltation	kukweza
exalted	adakwezedwa
exam	mayeso
examination	kukayezetsa
examine	yang'anani
examiner	kuyesa
example	chitsanzo
exasperated	okwiya
exasperation	kukwiya
excavate	kufufuta
excavation	kufufuza
excavator	wopukuta
exceed	kudutsa
exceeding	zoposa
excel	bwino
excellence	zabwino
excellent	zabwino kwambiri
excelsior	zopambana
excepting	kupatulapo
exception	kupatulapo
exceptional	zosiyana
excerpt	ndondomeko
excess	owonjezera
excessive	mopitirira muyeso
excessively	mopitirira malire
exchange	kusinthana
excise	chiwongoladzanja
excision	chisokonezo
excitability	zosangalatsa
excitable	zosangalatsa
excitation	chisangalalo
excite	sangalalani
excited	wokondwa
excitement	chisangalalo
exciting	zosangalatsa
exclaim	funani
exclamation	kufuula
exclude	sungani
excluded	osatulutsidwa
excluding	kupatulapo
exclusion	kuchotsedwa
exclusive	zokha
excrement	chimbudzi
excretion	zopitirira
excruciating	zovuta
excursion	ulendo
excuse	pepani
exec	exec
execute	pangani
execution	kuphedwa
executioner	wakupha
executive	mkulu
executor	woweruza
exegesis	exegesis
exemplar	chitsanzo
exemplary	chitsanzo
exemplify	chitsanzo
exempt	osasamala
exemption	kumasulidwa
exercise	zolimbitsa thupi
exert	yesetsani
exertion	kuchita khama
exhale	exhale
exhaust	kutentha
exhausted	wotopa
exhaustion	kutopa
exhaustive	zokwanira
exhibit	chiwonetsero
exhibition	chiwonetsero
exhilarated	zosangalatsa
exhilarating	zosangalatsa
exhilaration	chisangalalo
exhort	limbikitsani
exhortation	chilimbikitso
exhumation	mpweya
exhume	exhume
exigent	NO TRANSLATION
exile	ukapolo
exist	alipo
existence	kukhalapo
existent	alipo
existential	existential
existing	alipo
exit	Potulukira
exodus	Eksodo
exonerate	omvera
exorbitant	zovuta kwambiri
exorcism	kutulutsa ziphuphu
exorcist	exorcist
exotic	zosowa
expand	wonjezerani
expanded	wakula
expanse	dera
expansion	kukula
expansive	kuwonjezera
expatriate	alendo
expect	kuyembekezera
expectance	chiyembekezo
expectancy	chiyembekezo
expectant	oyembekezera
expectation	chiyembekezo
expected	zoyembekezeka
expecting	ndikuyembekezera
expediency	kuwathandiza
expedient	zothandiza
expedite	fulani
expedition	ulendo
expeditious	mwamsanga
expel	tulutsani
expendable	zosagwiritsidwa ntchito
expenditure	ndalama
expense	ndalama
expenses	ndalama
expensive	mtengo wapatali
experience	chidziwitso
experienced	odziwa
experiences	zochitika
experiment	kuyesa
experimental	kuyesera
experimentation	kuyesera
experimenter	experimenter
expert	katswiri
expertise	luso
expiration	kutha
expire	zitha
expired	idatha
expiry	kutha
explain	fotokozani
explanation	kufotokozera
explanatory	kufotokoza
expletive	zofufuzira
explication	tsatanetsatane
explicit	zowonekera
explode	phuluka
exploit	gwiritsani ntchito
exploitation	kuzunzidwa
exploration	kufufuza
exploratory	kufufuza
explore	fufuzani
explorer	wofufuzira
explosion	kupasuka
explosions	ziphuphu
explosive	kuphulika
expo	zochitika
exponent	kuwonetsa
exponential	kufotokozera
export	kutumiza kunja
exportation	kutumiza kunja
expose	onetsani
exposed	kuwonekera
exposition	kufotokoza
expository	chiwonetsero
exposure	kufotokoza
expound	fotokozani
express	fotokozani
expression	mawu
expressive	kufotokozera
expressway	Mothamangira
expropriation	kulanda
expulsion	kuchotsedwa
exquisite	zabwino
exquisitely	bwino kwambiri
extant	yotalikirapo
extend	yonjezerani
extendable	yowonjezereka
extended	kutambasulidwa
extension	kutambasula
extensive	zambiri
extent	ndithu
exterior	kunja
exterminate	kuwononga
extermination	kutha
exterminator	exterminator
external	kunja
externally	kunja
extinct	satha
extinction	kutha
extinguish	kuzimitsa
extinguisher	chozimitsira moto
extol	kutamanda
extort	kutentha
extortion	kulanda
extra	zoonjezera
extract	kuchotsa
extracting	kuchotsa
extraction	kuchotsa
extractor	wosaka
extracurricular	zochitika zina
extradition	kuchotsa
extrajudicial	kusasamala
extramural	kutuluka kwina
extraneous	zosiyana
extraordinaire	zosavuta
extraordinary	zodabwitsa
extraterrestrial	kunja kwa dziko
extravagance	zopanda pake
extravagant	chodetsa nkhawa
extravaganza	kuchotsa
extreme	zoopsa
extreme anticipation	kuyembekezera kwakukulu
extreme disgust	kunyansidwa kwakukulu
extreme surprise	kudabwa kwakukulu
extreme trust	kukhulupirira kwambiri
extremely	kwambiri
extremely negative	zoipa kwambiri
extremely positive	zabwino kwambiri
extremity	kutha
extricate	zovuta
extrinsic	kutuluka
extrusion	extrusion
exuberance	kusangalala
exude	zovuta
eye	diso
eyeball	diso la diso
eyebrow	diso
eyeful	osamala
eyeglass	khungu la maso
eyeglasses	magalasi
eyelash	nsalu
eyelet	disolo
eyeliner	eyeliner
eyepiece	chojambula
eyes	maso
eyesight	maso
eyewitness	wodzionera yekha
fab	fab
fable	fable
fabled	fabled
fabric	nsalu
fabricate	kupanga
fabricated	zopangidwa
fabrication	kupanga
fabulous	zokongola
facade	zojambulajambula
face	nkhope
faceless	zopanda pake
facet	mbali
facial	nkhope
facile	NO TRANSLATION
facilitate	kuthandiza
facility	malo
facing	akuyang'ana
facsimile	zolemba
fact	zoona
faction	gulu
factor	chinthu
factory	fakitale
facts	mfundo
factual	zoona
faculties	mphamvu
faculty	mphunzitsi
fad	fad
fade	zitha
faded	yatha
faeces	zinyama
fag	fag
faggot	fagot
fail	akulephera
failing	akulephera
failure	kulephera
fain	NO TRANSLATION
faint	akufooka
fainting	kutaya
fair	chilungamo
fairly	mwachilungamo
fairness	chilungamo
fairway	fairway
fairy	nthano
faith	chikhulupiriro
faithful	wokhulupirika
faithfulness	kukhulupirika
faithless	osakhulupirira
fake	zabodza
faker	faker
falafel	falafel
falcon	falcon
fall	kugwa
fallacious	zopanda pake
fallacy	kulakwa
fallback	Bwererani m'mbuyo
fallible	zolakwika
falling	kugwa
fallopian	zopanda pake
fallout	Dana
fallow	zopanda pake
false	ZINTHU
falsehood	bodza
falsely	zabodza
falsification	kunamizira
falsified	zonyenga
falsify	kunyenga
falsity	zonyansa
falter	zonyansa
fame	mbiri
famed	wotchuka
familiar	wodziwa bwino
familiarity	chidziwitso
familiarize	mudziwe
family	banja
familytime	nthawi ya banja
famine	njala
famished	njala
famous	wotchuka
famously	famously
fan	fan
fanatic	wotentheka
fanatical	wotentheka
fanaticism	kutentheka
fanciful	zosangalatsa
fancy	zokongola
fandango	fandango
fanfare	fanfare
fang	NO TRANSLATION
fangs	nkhungu
fanning	kutentha
fantasia	fantasia
fantasize	fantasize
fantastic	zosangalatsa
fantasy	zozizwitsa
faraway	kutali
farce	farce
farcical	zovuta
fare	mtengo
farewell	kupumula
farm	munda
farmer	mlimi
farmhouse	nyumba yafamu
farming	ulimi
farmland	munda
faro	faro
fart	fart
farther	patali
fascia	fascia
fascinate	chidwi
fascinated	chidwi
fascinating	zosangalatsa
fascination	chidwi
fascism	fascism
fascist	fascist
fashion	mafashoni
fashionable	mafashoni
fastball	fastball
fasten	onaninso
fastener	fastening
fastening	kumangirira
fasting	kusala
fat	mafuta
fatal	amafa
fatalism	mafuta
fatality	kupha
fate	chiwonongeko
fated	fated
fateful	zokondweretsa
fathead	fathead
father	bambo
fatherhood	abambo
fatherland	bambo
fatherly	bambo
fathom	fathom
fatigue	kutopa
fatigued	watopa
fatso	fatso
fatten	mafuta
fatty	mafuta
faucet	mfuti
fault	cholakwika
faultless	wopanda cholakwa
faulty	zolakwika
faun	faun
fauna	nyama
faux	zolakwika
favor	chisomo
favorable	zabwino
favorite	zokonda
favoriteholiday	NO TRANSLATION
favoritism	chisankho
fawn	fawn
fax	fax
faze	NO TRANSLATION
fear	mantha
feared	ankaopa
fearful	mantha
fearfully	mwamantha
fearing	mantha
fearless	opanda mantha
fears	mantha
fearsome	zoopsa
feasibility	kuthekera
feasible	zotheka
feast	phwando
feat	feat
feather	nthenga
feathered	nthenga
feature	mbali
features	Mawonekedwe
febrile	zowonjezera
fecal	fecal
feces	ndowe
fecundity	fecundity
fed	kudyetsedwa
federal	federal
federation	mgwirizano
fedup	NO TRANSLATION
fee	malipiro
feeble	zofooka
feed	chakudya
feedback	ndemanga
feeder	wodyetsa
feel	kumva
feelgood	feelgood
feeling	kumverera
feelingdown	NO TRANSLATION
feelinggood	NO TRANSLATION
feet	mapazi
feign	onetsetsani
feigned	zozizwitsa
feisty	zokonda
felicity	zopanda pake
feline	feline
fell	anagwa
feller	feller
fellow	mnzanga
fellowship	chiyanjano
felon	felon
felony	felony
felt	anamva
female	chachikazi
feminine	chachikazi
femininity	chikazi
feminism	chachikazi
feminist	chachikazi
femme	NO TRANSLATION
femoral	chachikazi
femur	femur
fen	NO TRANSLATION
fence	mpanda
fenced	wokhala ndi mpanda wolimba
fencing	mpanda
fend	sungani
fender	fender
fennel	fennel
ferment	kuvuta
fermentation	nayonso mphamvu
fern	fern
ferocious	zoopsa
ferocity	zonyansa
ferret	ferret
ferry	chombo
ferryboat	NO TRANSLATION
fertile	chonde
fertility	kubereka
fertilize	manyowa
fertilizer	feteleza
fervent	mwamphamvu
fervor	mwamphamvu
fess	fess
fest	fest
festival	chikondwerero
festive	chikondwerero
fetal	fetal
fetch	tenga
fete	NO TRANSLATION
fetish	fetus
fetus	fetus
feud	nkhanza
feudal	nkhanza
feudalism	chikhalidwe
fever	malungo
feverish	malungo
fiancee	NO TRANSLATION
fiasco	fiasco
fiat	fiat
fib	fib
fiber	fiber
fiberglass	fiberglass
fibrosis	fibrosis
fibrous	fibrous
fickle	zovuta
fiction	fano
fictional	zongopeka
fictitious	zonyenga
fiddle	fiddle
fiddler	wosayamika
fidelity	kukhulupirika
fidgety	fidgety
fiduciary	fiduciary
field	munda
field hockey	munda wa hockey
fielder	kuthamanga
fiend	fiend
fiendish	zovuta
fierce	woopsa
fiery	moto
fiesta	fiesta
fiesty	NO TRANSLATION
fifteen	khumi ndi asanu
fifty	makumi asanu
fig	chith
fight	kumenyana
fighter	womenyera nkhondo
fighting	kumenyana
fights	nkhondo
figment	figment
figurative	zophiphiritsira
figure	chiwerengero
figurine	mafano
filament	filament
filamentous	filamentous
file	fayilo
filet	filet
filibuster	oyang'anira filimu
filigree	filigree
filing	kufalitsa
filings	zojambula
fill	mudzaze
filler	kudzaza
fillet	fayilo
filling	kudzazidwa
filly	mosamala
film	filimu
filmmaker	filmmaker
filmy	NO TRANSLATION
filter	fyuluta
filth	zonyansa
filthy	zonyansa
filtration	kusungunula
fin	NO TRANSLATION
final	chomaliza
finale	mapeto
finalist	womaliza
finality	kutha
finalize	kumaliza
finalized	kumaliza
finally	potsiriza
finance	zachuma
financial	zachuma
financier	ndalama
finch	finch
find	pezani
finder	wofufuza
finding	kupeza
fine	chabwino
finery	zabwino
finesse	finesse
finger	chala
fingernail	fingernail
fingerprint	zolemba zala
fingerscrossed	NO TRANSLATION
finish	kumaliza
finished	watsirizidwa
finite	zomaliza
fink	fink
fir	firitsi
fire	moto
firearm	mfuti
firearms	zida
fireball	fireball
firecracker	firecracker
firefight	moto wamoto
firefighter	wozimitsa moto
firefly	ntchentche
firehouse	moto wamoto
firelight	kuwala kwa moto
fireman	wosuta moto
fireplace	moto
firepower	kuwotcha moto
fireproof	zotentha moto
fireside	moto
firestorm	chimphepo
firewall	chowotcha
firewood	nkhuni
firework	ntchito yamoto
fireworks	zofukiza
firing	kuwombera
firm	olimba
firmament	chimango
firmly	mwamphamvu
firmness	kulimbitsa
first	choyamba
firstborn	woyamba
firstworldprobs	NO TRANSLATION
fiscal	ndalama
fish	nsomba
fisherman	Msodzi
fishery	nsomba
fishing	nsomba
fishing boat	boti losodza
fishy	fishy
fissile	fissile
fission	fission
fissure	zovuta
fist	nkhonya
fistfight	fistfight
fistful	fistful
fistula	fistula
fit	zoyenera
fitness	thupi
fits	zimagwirizana
fitted	zokonzedwa
fitting	zoyenera
fittings	zopangira
five	zisanu
fiver	fiver
fix	konzani
fixable	zosinthika
fixation	kukonzekera
fixed	osakhazikika
fixer	konzani
fixture	kukonza
fixtures	zojambula
fizz	fizz
fjord	fjord
flabbergast	malo osungira
flabbergasted	zosawerengeka
flabby	flabby
flaccid	flaccid
flag	mbendera
flagging	kulengeza
flagpole	pitani
flagrant	zosavuta
flagship	flagship
flagstaff	flagstaff
flair	zokongola
flak	phula
flake	flake
flaky	zovuta
flamboyant	flamboyant
flame	lamoto
flamethrower	flamethrower
flaming	kutentha
flamingo	flamingo
flammable	yotentha
flan	flan
flange	flange
flank	mbali
flanked	kumbali
flanking	kumbali
flannel	flannel
flap	yambani
flapping	kudula
flare	chisokonezo
flares	mipira
flaring	kufalikira
flash	flash
flashback	flashback
flashing	akuwomba
flashlight	flashlight
flashy	flashy
flask	botolo
flat	chophweka
flatbed	flatbed
flatfoot	flatfoot
flatness	kukonda
flatten	flatten
flatter	osasangalatsa
flattered	zosangalatsa
flattering	kukondweretsa
flattery	kunyengerera
flatulence	flatulence
flaunt	kukonda
flavor	kukoma
flaw	kulakwitsa
flawed	zolakwika
flawless	zopanda pake
flea	utitiri
fleabag	fleabag
fled	anathawa
flee	thawani
fleece	nsalu
fleet	zombo
fleeting	zosakhalitsa
flesh	mnofu
fleshy	minofu
flex	kusintha
flexibility	kusinthasintha
flexible	kusintha
flexin	kusintha
flexion	phokoso
flick	flick
flicker	kuwombera
flickering	kufalikira
flier	kupanikizika
flight	kuthawa
flighty	kuthawa
flimsy	zozizwitsa
flinch	flinch
fling	kuthamanga
flint	miyala yamwala
flip	flip
flip flop	phidigu phidigu
flipper	flipper
flipping	kuthamanga
flirt	kuthamanga
flirtation	kuchita masewera olimbitsa thupi
flirting	kuchita masewera olimbitsa thupi
flirty	flirty
float	sungunulani
floater	kuyandama
flock	gulu
flog	sungani
flood	chigumula
floor	pansi
flooring	pansi
floozy	floozy
flop	tambani
floppy	floppy
flora	zomera
floral	zamaluwa
florist	florist
floss	floss
flotation	kuyenda
flounder	fulonda
flour	ufa
flourish	zikukula
flow	kutuluka
flower	maluwa
flowering	maluwa
flowers	maluwa
flowery	maluwa
flows	akuyenda
flu	chimfine
fluctuate	kusinthasintha
fluctuating	kusinthasintha
fluctuation	kusinthasintha
flue	flue
fluency	kumveka bwino
fluent	bwino
fluff	sungani bwino
fluffy	fluffy
fluid	madzimadzi
fluidity	kuthamanga
fluke	fluke
flunk	flunk
flunky	flunky
fluorescence	fluorescence
fluorescent	fulorosenti
flurries	furries
flurry	flurry
flush	sungani
flustered	kumenyedwa
flute	chitoliro
fluted	akudandaula
flutter	flutter
fluvial	mvula
flux	kutuluka
fly	ntchentche
flyboy	flyboy
flyer	flyer
flying	akuuluka
flywheel	flywheel
foal	mbidzi
foam	chithovu
foaming	kupupa
foamy	foamy
fob	fob
focal	focal
focus	yang'anani
fodder	chakudya
foe	mdani
fog	fumbi
foggy	foggy
foil	zojambulazo
foiled	zowonongeka
fold	pindani
folded	inamangidwa
folder	foda
foliage	masamba
folio	folio
folk	anthu
folklore	mankhwala
follicle	follicle
follicular	follicular
follow	tsatirani
follower	wotsatira
folly	kupusa
fond	mwachikondi
fondle	fondle
fondling	fondling
fondness	kukondana
fondue	fondue
font	zojambula
food	chakudya
foodie	chimadyo
fool	wopusa
fooled	kupusitsidwa
foolhardy	foolhardy
fooling	kupusa
foolish	zopusa
foolishness	kupusa
foolproof	zopanda pake
foot	phazi
foot stool	chopondapo mapazi
footage	magawo
football	mpira
footbridge	bwalo lamapiri
foothold	zovuta
footing	mapazi
footlocker	footlocker
footloose	chotsatira
footpath	njira
footprint	chopondapo mapazi
footwear	nsapato
footwork	mapazi
fop	fop
forage	fungo
foray	chotsani
forbearance	kuleza mtima
forbid	thandizani
forbidding	kuletsa
force	kulimbitsa
forced	kukakamizidwa
forceful	olimba
forceps	mphamvu
forces	mphamvu
forcibly	kukakamizika
ford	mpanda
fore	kutsogolo
forearm	phokoso
foreboding	zonyansa
forecast	Zotsatira
forecaster	oyang'anira
foreclose	onetsetsani
foreclosure	chiwonetsero
forefathers	makolo
forefinger	forefinger
forefront	patsogolo
forego	forego
foregoing	zomwe tatchulazi
foregone	kutsogolo
foreground	kutsogolo
forehead	mphumi
foreign	achilendo
foreigner	mlendo
foreman	mtsogoleri
foremost	chofunika kwambiri
forensic	zofufuza
forensics	forensics
foreplay	foreplay
forerunner	kutsogolera
foresee	onaninso
foreseen	anawoneratu
foresight	kutsogolo
forest	nkhalango
forestall	kusamalidwa
forethought	kusinkhasinkha
foreveralone	nokha mpaka kalekale
forevermore	kwanthawizonse
forewarned	anachenjezeratu
foreword	mawu oyambirira
forfeit	amataya
forfeited	inalandidwa
forfeiture	kukwera
forge	kuvuta
forger	wopanga
forgery	kuwombera
forget	tayiwala
forgetful	kuiwala
forgetfulness	kukumbukira
forgive	khululukirani
forgiven	anakhululukidwa
forgiveness	kukhululukidwa
forgiving	kukhululukira
forgotten	anaiwala
fork	foloko
forked	forked
forking	kufunafuna
forklift	forklift
forlorn	forlorn
form	mawonekedwe
formal	zovomerezeka
formaldehyde	formaldehyde
formalism	mawonekedwe
formality	mawonekedwe
format	mawonekedwe
formation	mapangidwe
formative	kupanga
formed	anapanga
formidable	zovuta
forming	kupanga
formless	zopanda pake
formula	ndondomeko
formulary	formulary
formulate	kupanga
fornicate	wachiwerewere
fornication	dama
forsake	tisiye
forsaken	atasiyidwa
forsooth	kumalo
fort	fort
forte	NO TRANSLATION
forthcoming	zotsatira
forthright	mwatsatanetsatane
forthwith	mwamsanga
fortification	chitetezo
fortify	kulimbitsa
fortitude	kulimba mtima
fortnight	masabata awiri
fortnightly	usiku uliwonse
fortress	linga
fortuitous	zopanda pake
fortunate	mwayi
fortune	chuma
fortunes	chuma
forty	makumi anayi
forum	Forum
forward	patsogolo
forwarding	kutumiza
fossil	fossil
fossils	zinthu zakale
foul	zonyansa
found	apezeka
foundation	maziko
founder	woyambitsa
founding	kukhazikitsidwa
foundry	maziko
fountain	kasupe
four	anayi
fourfold	maulendo anayi
foursome	zinayi
fourteen	khumi ndi anayi
fourth	chachinayi
fowl	mbalame
fox	nkhandwe
foxhole	foxhole
foxtrot	foxtrot
foxy	foxy
foyer	foyer
fraction	gawo
fractional	zochepa
fracture	kupasuka
fragile	zowonongeka
fragility	fragility
fragment	chidutswa
fragmentary	zogawidwa
fragrance	zonunkhira
fragrant	zonunkhira
frail	zofooka
frailty	zofooka
frame	chimango
framework	chimango
franc	franc
franchise	chilolezo
frank	moona
frankenstorm	NO TRANSLATION
frankness	kunena zoona
frantic	wokhumudwa
frantically	mwatsatanetsatane
frat	fata
fraternal	abale
fraternity	mgwirizano
fraud	chinyengo
fraudulent	chinyengo
fraught	zowonongeka
fray	zovuta
frayed	kuwonongeka
frazzled	frazzled
freak	sizimveka
freaked	anamasuka
freakedout	NO TRANSLATION
freakingout	NO TRANSLATION
freakish	freakish
freakout	freakout
freaky	freaky
freckle	kuthamanga
free	mfulu
freebie	freebie
freedom	ufulu
freehold	enieni
freelance	kudzikonda
freelancer	freelancer
freely	momasuka
freeman	womasuka
freestyle	freestyle
freeway	Msewu Waukulu
freeze	amaundana
freezer	freezer
freezing	kuzizira
freight	katundu
freighter	wodzipereka
french horn	nyanga ya France
frenetic	omasuka
frenzied	zozizira
frenzy	frenzy
frequency	nthawi zambiri
frequent	kawirikawiri
frequently	kawirikawiri
fresco	fresco
fresh	mwatsopano
freshair	NO TRANSLATION
freshen	freshen
freshener	zozizwitsa
freshman	watsopano
freshness	mwatsopano
freshstart	mwatsopano
freshwater	madzi abwino
fret	chisoni
fretful	zowawa
friar	zosangalatsa
fricking	kusokoneza
friction	kukangana
friday	tsiku lachisanu
fridge	friji
fried	yokazinga
friend	mnzanga
friendless	wosakonda
friendliness	ubwenzi
friendly	wochezeka
friends	anzanga
friendship	ubwenzi
frigate	frigate
friggen	NO TRANSLATION
fright	mantha
frighten	mantha
frightened	anachita mantha
frightening	zoopsa
frightful	zoopsa
frigid	frigid
fringe	mphindi
fringed	zamphepete
frisbee	frisbee
frisk	NO TRANSLATION
frisky	frisky
frivolous	zopanda pake
frock	chisanu
frog	frog
froggy	froggy
frolic	kudandaula
front	kutsogolo
frontage	kutsogolo
frontal	kutsogolo
frontier	malire
fronting	kutsogolo
frontispiece	kutsogolo
frost	chisanu
frostbite	chisanu
frosted	chisanu
frosting	kuswa
frosty	chisanu
froth	chisanu
frothy	frothy
frown	kusokoneza
frowning	kudandaula
frozen	mazira
frugal	frugal
fruit	zipatso
fruit punch	chiphuphu cha zipatso
fruitcake	zipatso
fruitful	zobala zipatso
fruition	zovuta
fruitless	wopanda zipatso
fruits	zipatso
fruity	fruity
frustrate	zokhumudwitsa
frustrated	wokhumudwa
frustrates	amakhumudwitsidwa
frustrating	zokhumudwitsa
frustration	kusokonezeka
fry	mwachangu
fryer	Fryer
fuchsia	fuchsia
fuck	Asa
fuckedoff	fuckedoff
fucker	Chitsiru
fucking	fucking
fuckoff	fuckoff
fucksake	fucksake
fucktard	fucktard
fuckyeah	fuckyeah
fudge	fudge
fuel	mafuta
fugitive	wothawa
fulcrum	fulcrum
fulfill	kukwaniritsa
fulfilled	kukwaniritsidwa
fulfilling	kukwaniritsa
fulfillment	kukwaniritsidwa
full	wodzaza
fullback	kumbuyo
fullness	chidzalo
fully	kwathunthu
fulsome	fulsome
fumble	kusuta
fume	fume
fumigation	fumigation
fumin	NO TRANSLATION
fuming	kusuta
fun	zosangalatsa
function	ntchito
functional	ntchito
fund	ngongole
fundamental	zofunika
fundamentalist	wovomerezeka
fundamentally	mwachikhazikitso
funday	funday
funding	ndalama
fundraiser	fundraiser
fundraising	fundraising
funds	ndalama
funeral	maliro
fungus	bowa
funk	funk
funky	zosangalatsa
funnel	chingwe
funny	zosangalatsa
fur	ubweya
furious	wokwiya
furiously	mwaukali
furlong	furlong
furlough	furlough
furnace	ng'anjo
furnish	apange
furnishings	zipangizo
furniture	mipando
furor	furor
furrow	mzere
furry	furry
furtherance	kupititsa patsogolo
fury	ukali
fuse	fuse
fuselage	fuselage
fusion	kusakanikirana
fuss	kukangana
fussy	fussy
fustrated	NO TRANSLATION
futile	zopanda phindu
futility	zopanda pake
futon	futon
future	tsogolo
fuzz	fuzz
fuzzy	zovuta
gab	NO TRANSLATION
gaby	gaby
gad	gad
gadget	chida
gaff	gaff
gag	gag
gaga	gaga
gage	gage
gaggle	gwedezani
gahhh	NO TRANSLATION
gaiety	chisangalalo
gain	phindu
gainful	phindu
gaining	kupeza
gait	mchitidwe
gal	gal
gala	gala
galactic	mlalang'amba
galaxy	mlalang'amba
gale	gale
gall	ndulu
gallant	molimba mtima
gallantry	gallantry
gallbladder	ndulu
galled	adagwedezeka
gallery	magalasi
galley	galley
gallon	gallon
gallop	kusindikiza
galloping	galloping
gallows	akugwedeza
galore	galore
galvanic	galvanic
gamble	masewera
gambler	wotchova njuga
gambling	njuga
game	masewera
gameday	gameday
gametime	gametime
gaming	masewera
gamma	gamma
gammon	gammon
gamut	midzi
gander	gander
gang	kagulu
gangland	gangland
gangrene	ziphuphu
gangster	gangster
gangway	chigawenga
gaol	galasi
gap	kusiyana
gape	gape
gaping	kugwa
garage	garaja
garb	chovala
garbage	zinyalala
garbled	anagwedezeka
garden	munda
gardener	wakulima
gardening	munda
gardens	minda
gargle	chiguduli
gargoyle	gargoyle
garish	garish
garlic	adyo
garment	chovala
garner	nkhokwe
garnet	garnet
garnish	zokongoletsa
garrison	ndende
garter	garter
gas	mpweya
gaseous	gaseous
gash	msuzi
gasification	gasification
gasket	gasket
gasoline	mafuta
gasp	amatha
gasping	kutentha
gassy	gassy
gastric	chapamimba
gastronomy	gastronomy
gate	Geti
gatekeeper	mlonda wam'zipata
gateway	chipata
gather	kusonkhanitsani
gatherer	wosonkhanitsa
gathering	kusonkhana
gator	gator
gatorade	gatorade
gauche	NO TRANSLATION
gaudy	gaudy
gauge	kuyeza
gauging	gauging
gaunt	kusangalala
gauntlet	chisangalalo
gauze	gauze
gavel	gavel
gawk	gawk
gay	achiwerewere
gaze	kuyang'ana
gazebo	gazebo
gazelle	gazi
gazette	mpweya
gazetteer	gazetteer
gazillion	gazillion
gazing	kuyang'ana
gear	magalasi
geek	geek
geeky	geeky
geez	geez
geezer	geezer
geisha	geisha
gel	gel
gelatin	gelatin
geld	NO TRANSLATION
gelding	kupukuta
gem	gem
gemini	gemini
gender	chikhalidwe
genealogy	mzera
general	ambiri
generality	chikhalidwe
generalization	kupanga
generally	kawirikawiri
generate	kupanga
generation	m'badwo
generative	zopatsa
generator	jenereta
generic	chibadwa
generosity	zopatsa
generous	wopatsa
genesis	zamoyo
genetic	zamoyo
genetics	zojambula
genial	kudzikonda
genie	genie
genital	zobwereka
genitalia	ziwalo zoberekera
genius	nyenyezi
genocide	chiwawa
genome	genome
genre	mtundu
gent	gent
genteel	genteel
gentile	gentile
gentle	wofatsa
gentleman	njonda
gentlemanly	gentlemanly
gentleness	kufatsa
gently	modzichepetsa
gentry	gentry
genuine	zenizeni
genus	mtundu
geographic	malo
geographical	malo
geography	malo
geological	geological
geologist	katswiri wa sayansi ya zakuthambo
geology	geology
geometric	zojambulajambula
geometry	geometry
geranium	geranium
gerbil	gerbil
geriatric	zolimbitsa thupi
germ	nyongolotsi
german	Chi German
germane	germane
germinate	zimere
germination	kumera
germs	majeremusi
gestation	mimba
gesture	chizindikiro
get	tenga
getaway	chokanipo
getoverit	NO TRANSLATION
getoveryourself	NO TRANSLATION
getup	imilirani
getyourown	kutuluka
ghastly	kusokonezeka
ghetto	ghetto
ghost	mzimu
ghostly	mpweya
ghoul	ghoul
giant	chimphona
gibberish	gibberish
giddy	mchere
gift	mphatso
gifted	wapatsidwa mphatso
gifts	mphatso
gig	gig
gigantic	zazikulu
giggle	giggle
giggles	magigles
giggling	kugwedeza
gigolo	gigolo
gilded	yokongoletsedwa
gill	gill
gills	miyendo
gilt	mphuno
gimmick	kusuta
gimp	gimp
gin	jini
ginger	ginger
gingerbread	gingerbread
gingerly	gingerly
ginseng	ginseng
giraffe	girafa
girder	girder
girdle	chovala
girl	mtsikana
girlfriend	chibwenzi
girlie	girlie
girlish	girlish
girly	girly
girth	girth
gist	gist
give	perekani
giveaway	kungopereka
giver	NO TRANSLATION
giving	kupereka
gizmo	gizmo
gizzard	gizzard
glabrous	glabrous
glacial	glacial
glacier	glacier
glad	okondwa
glade	glade
gladiator	gladiator
gladness	chimwemwe
glamorous	zokongola
glamour	zokongola
glance	kupenya
gland	gland
glare	kuyera
glaring	kutentha
glass	galasi
glasses	magalasi
glassware	glassware
glaucoma	glaucoma
glaze	glaze
glazed	kusungunuka
gleam	gleam
gleaming	kuyatsa
glean	khunkha
glee	tambani
gleeful	wosangalala
glen	glen
glib	glib
glide	glide
glider	glider
glimmer	kumveka
glimpse	kuona
glint	glint
glisten	penyani
glitch	glitch
glitter	glitter
glittering	kukongoletsa
gloat	chisangalalo
global	padziko lonse
globe	globe
globular	globular
gloom	mdima
gloomy	zowawa
glorification	ulemerero
glorified	kulemekezedwa
glorify	lemekezani
glorious	ulemerero
glory	ulemerero
gloss	gloss
glossary	glossary
glossy	zofiira
glove	galasi
gloves	magolovesi
glow	kuwala
glowing	akuwala
glucose	shuga
glue	gulu
glum	glum
glut	glut
gluten	mchere wogwirizanitsa
glutton	wosusuka
gluttony	kususuka
glycerin	glycerin
gnat	utoto
gnome	zochepa
go	pitani
goal	cholinga
goalie	golide
goals	zolinga
goat	mbuzi
goatee	goatee
gob	gob
gobble	gobble
goblet	goblet
goblin	goblin
god	mulungu
godbless	NO TRANSLATION
goddamn	mulungu
goddamned	amalembedwa
goddess	mulungu wamkazi
godfather	mulungu wamulungu
godforsaken	mulungu
godisgood	mulungu
godisgreat	NO TRANSLATION
godless	osapembedza
godlike	mulungu
godly	waumulungu
godmother	mulungu
godsend	godsend
godson	mulungu
gofuckyourself	gofuckyourself
goggle	gogle
goggles	mapepala
gold	golide
golden	golide
goldfish	golide
golf	galimoto
golfer	golfer
golfing	galimoto
gondola	gondola
gone	wapita
goner	goner
gong	NO TRANSLATION
gonorrhea	gonorrhea
goo	goo
goober	phokoso
good	zabwino
goodbye	Bayi
goodday	tsiku labwino
goodfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
goodhealth	NO TRANSLATION
goodie	goodie
goodies	zopita
goodlife	zabwino
goodly	bwino
goodmood	NO TRANSLATION
goodmorning	m'mawa wabwino
goodmusic	goodmusic
goodness	ubwino
goodnews	uthenga wabwino
goods	katundu
goodtimes	zabwino
goodvibes	NO TRANSLATION
goodwill	zokoma
goody	zabwino
gooey	gooey
goof	goof
goofball	goofball
goofy	goofy
goon	goon
gooood	gooood
goop	goop
goose	tsekwe
gopher	gopher
gore	chaka
gorge	khola
gorgeous	zokongola
gorilla	gorilla
gory	gory
gospel	uthenga
gossip	miseche
gothic	gothic
gouge	gouge
goulash	goulash
gourd	mimba
gourmet	zosangalatsa
gout	gout
govern	bwerani
governess	governess
governing	akulamulira
government	boma
governmental	boma
governor	bwanamkubwa
gown	chovala
grab	tenga
grace	chisomo
graceful	zokoma
gracias	NO TRANSLATION
gracious	wachifundo
graciously	mwachisomo
grad	NO TRANSLATION
gradation	zolemba
grade	maphunziro
graded	adalitsidwa
grader	wopanga
grades	maphunziro
gradient	gradient
gradschool	NO TRANSLATION
gradual	pang'onopang'ono
gradually	pang'onopang'ono
graduate	womaliza maphunziro
graduation	kumaliza maphunziro
graffiti	graffiti
graft	kuphatikiza
grail	grail
grain	tirigu
gram	gramu
grammar	galamala
grand	wamkulu
grand theft auto	mabedwe amagalimoto akulu kwambiri
grandchild	zidzukulu
grandchildren	zidzukulu
granddad	agogo
granddaddy	granddaddy
granddaughter	mdzukulu
grandeur	ukulu
grandfather	agogo aamuna
grandiose	zazikulu
grandma	agogo
grandmother	agogo aakazi
grandpa	agogo
grandson	mdzukulu
grandstand	chachikulu
grange	sungani
granite	granite
granny	gogo
granola	granola
grant	perekani
granted	wapatsidwa
grantee	wopereka ndalama
grantor	zopereka
granular	granular
granule	granule
grape	mphesa
grape juice	madzi a mphesa
grapefruit	chipatso champhesa
grapes	mphesa
grapevine	mpesa
graph	grafu
graphic	zojambula
graphics	zithunzi
graphite	graphite
grapple	kuthana
grappling	kuthandizana
grasp	kumvetsa
grasping	kumvetsa
grass	udzu
grasshopper	nthiti
grassy	udzu
grate	kabati
grated	grated
grateful	kuyamikira
gratification	kukondweretsa
gratified	wokondwera
gratify	kukondweretsa
gratifying	zokondweretsa
grating	kugaya
gratis	NO TRANSLATION
gratitude	kuyamikira
gratuitous	zopanda pake
gratuity	gratuity
grave	manda
gravel	miyala
graver	NO TRANSLATION
graveyard	manda
gravitate	kukulitsa
gravitation	kukumba
gravitational	zovuta
gravity	mphamvu yokoka
gravy	gravy
gray	imvi
graze	kudya
grease	mafuta
greased	mafuta
greaser	mafuta
greasy	mafuta
great	zabwino
great anticipation	kuyembekezera kwakukulu
great aunt	agogo anga aang'ono
great disgust	zonyansa kwambiri
great grandfather	agogo aamuna
great grandma	agogo aakazi
great grandmother	agogo akazi thengo
great grandpa	agogo aakazi
great surprise	kudabwa kwakukulu
great trust	chikhulupiliro chachikulu
great uncle	amalume aakulu
greatday	NO TRANSLATION
greater	wamkulu
greatest	wamkulu
greatfriends	NO TRANSLATION
greatful	NO TRANSLATION
greatly	kwambiri
greatly negative	zoipa kwambiri
greatly positive	zabwino kwambiri
greatness	ukulu
greatnight	NO TRANSLATION
greed	umbombo
greedy	wadyera
green	zobiriwira
green bean	nyemba zobiriwira
green pepper	tsabola wobiriwira
green snake	njoka yobiriwira
greenhouse	wowonjezera kutentha
greenish	zobiriwira
greenwood	greenwood
greet	moni
greeted	moni
greeting	moni
gregarious	okondana
grenade	grenade
grey	imvi
greyhound	greyhound
grid	grid
gridiron	gridiron
grief	chisoni
grievance	zodandaula
grieve	zomvetsa chisoni
grieved	chisoni
grieving	chisoni
grievous	zowawa
griffin	griffin
grill	grill
grille	grille
grilled	wophikidwa
grim	zowawa
grime	nthenda
grimy	zosangalatsa
grin	grin
grind	gaya
grinder	chopukusira
grinding	akupera
grindstone	mkungudza
gringo	gringo
grip	gwirani
gripe	gripe
grisly	grisly
grist	grist
grit	grit
grits	zovuta
gritty	chikoka
grizzly	grizzly
groan	akubuula
grocer	grocer
groceries	zogulitsa
grocery	zowawa
groggy	groggy
groin	kubuula
groom	mkwati
groove	groove
groovy	groovy
grope	kupusitsa
gross	zovuta
grotesque	zonyansa
grotto	grotto
grouch	lekani
grouchy	grouchy
ground	pansi
grounded	maziko
groundhog	nsomba
grounding	kukhazikitsa
groundless	zopanda pake
grounds	malo
groundwork	maziko
group	gulu
groupie	groupie
grouping	gulu
grouse	gwirani
grout	grout
grove	Grove
grovel	grovel
grow	kukula
growl	kulira
growling	kukulira
growls	ziphuphu
grownup	Akula
growth	kukula
growthefuckup	growthefuckup
grr	grr
grrr	grrr
grrrrr	Grrrrr
grub	grub
grubby	grubby
grudge	kukwiya
grudging	kudandaula
grudgingly	mwachisoni
gruel	gruel
grueling	zowawa
gruesome	zowawa
gruff	nkhanza
grumble	sungani
grump	phulusa
grumpy	grumpy
grunt	dandaula
grunting	kukulira
guacamole	guacamole
guano	guano
guarantee	chitsimikizo
guaranty	guaranty
guard	tcherani
guarded	watetezedwa
guardhouse	nyumba yosanja
guardian	wosamalira
guardianship	kusamalira
guards	alonda
gubernatorial	gubernatorial
guerilla	NO TRANSLATION
guerrilla	guerrilla
guess	ndikuganiza
guesser	yambani
guesswork	zozizwitsa
guest	mlendo
guesthouse	nyumba ya alendo
guidance	kuwatsogolera
guide	mutsogolere
guidebook	buku lotsogolera
guidelines	malangizo
guiding	kutsogolera
guild	gulu
guile	chinyengo
guillotine	guillotine
guilt	kudziimba mlandu
guilty	wolakwa
guinea	guinea
guise	guise
guitar	gitala
guitarist	guitarist
gules	mitsempha
gulf	gulf
gull	gull
gullet	gullet
gullible	zopanda pake
gully	gully
gulp	gulp
gum	chingamu
gumbo	gumbo
gummy	gummy
gumption	kudzikweza
gun	mfuti
gunboat	mfuti
gunfight	gunfight
gunfighter	mfuti
gunfire	kuwombera
gunk	gunk
gunman	mfuti
gunmen	achifwamba
gunner	mfuti
gunnery	mfuti
gunplay	gunplay
gunpoint	mfuti
gunpowder	mfuti
gunshot	mfuti
gunslinger	gunslinger
gurney	gurney
guru	guru
gush	kutsitsa
gusher	gusher
gusset	gusset
gust	gust
gusto	NO TRANSLATION
gusty	gusty
gut	matumbo
gutless	osasamala
guts	guts
gutsy	gutsy
gutter	chimbudzi
guy	munthu
guzzler	guzzler
guzzling	guzzling
gym	Kolimbitsira Thupi
gymnasium	masewera olimbitsa thupi
gymnast	woimba masewero
gymnastic	zojambulajambula
gymnastics	masewera olimbitsa thupi
gynecologist	azimayi
gynecology	maginitola
gypsy	gypsy
gyroscope	gyroscope
habit	chizoloŵezi
habitat	malo
habitation	malo okhalamo
habitual	mwambo
habitually	chizoloŵezi
hacienda	hacienda
hack	kusokoneza
hacker	wosaka
hacksaw	kuthamanga
hadenough	NO TRANSLATION
hag	hag
haggard	haggard
haggle	kupsa
haiku	haiku
hail	matalala
hair	tsitsi
hairball	hairball
hairbrush	tsitsi la tsitsi
haircut	tsitsi
hairdo	tsitsi
hairdresser	wovala tsitsi
hairdryer	choumitsira tsitsi
hairless	wopanda tsitsi
hairline	mzere wa tsitsi
hairpin	hairpin
hairspray	tsitsi
hairstyle	hairstyle
hairy	zowawa
hale	khola
half	theka
half dollar	theka la dola
halfback	halfback
halftime	nthawi ya theka
halfway	theka
halibut	nsomba yam'nyanja yamchere
hall	holo
hallelujah	aleluya
hallmark	amadziwika
hallowed	yopatulika
hallucination	chiphunzitso
hallway	msewu
halo	halo
halt	khakani
halter	kusungunuka
halting	kuimitsa
halve	sintha
halving	kupatula
ham	nkhosa
hamburger	hamburger
hamlet	nyama
hammer	nyundo
hammerhead	hammerhead
hammering	kusuntha
hammock	nyundo
hamper	musokoneze
hamster	hamster
hamstring	mimba
hand	dzanja
handbag	thumba
handball	handball
handbook	bukuli
handcuff	kusuta
handful	ochepa
handgun	thumba
handheld	zojambulajambula
handicap	matenda
handicapped	olumala
handicraft	chojambula manja
handiwork	ntchito za manja
handkerchief	mipango
handle	kuthandizani
handler	wosamalira
handmade	zopangidwa ndi manja
handout	zolembera
handprint	zojambulajambula
handshake	chingwe
handsome	wokongola
handwriting	zolemba
handy	amathandiza
handyman	wopereka manja
hang	khala
hangar	hangar
hanger	hanger
hanging	atapachikidwa
hangman	hangman
hangout	cheza
hangover	chipewa
hangry	hangry
hank	hank
hankering	kukankhira
hanky	hanky
hap	NO TRANSLATION
haphazard	zovuta
hapless	zopanda pake
happen	zichitike
happening	zikuchitika
happier	wosangalala
happiest	wosangalala kwambiri
happily	mosangalala
happiness	chimwemwe
happy	wokondwa
happydance	chisangalalo
happyday	tsiku losangalatsa
happyheart	wosangalala
happyholidays	NO TRANSLATION
happynewyear	NO TRANSLATION
happyplace	NO TRANSLATION
happytweet	NO TRANSLATION
happyvalentinesday	NO TRANSLATION
harass	kuzunza
harassing	kuzunza
harassment	kuzunzidwa
harbinger	zovuta
harbor	sitima
hard	zovuta
hardball	hardball
hardcore	zovuta
harden	kuumitsa
hardened	kuumitsa
hardening	kuumitsa
hardheaded	mutu wamutu
hardness	kuuma
hardship	mavuto
hardware	hardware
hardwood	chitsamba cholimba
hardworking	kulimbikira ntchito
hardy	olimba
hare	Kalulu
harebrained	kulembedwa
harem	harem
hark	harki
harlot	hule
harm	kuvulaza
harmful	zoipa
harmless	zopanda pake
harmonica	harmonica
harmonics	ma harmoniki
harmonious	zogwirizana
harmoniously	mogwirizana
harmonize	zimagwirizana
harmony	mgwirizano
harness	kumanga
harp	zeze
harper	harper
harpoon	harpoon
harpsichord	harpsichord
harrowing	zovuta
harry	harry
harsh	nkhanza
harshness	nkhanza
hart	hart
harvest	zokolola
hash	hash
hashish	hashish
hassle	tsoka
haste	fulumira
hasten	fulumira
hastily	mwamsanga
hasty	mwamsanga
hat	chipewa
hatch	kuswa
hatchet	chifuwa
hate	kudana
hateeee	NO TRANSLATION
hateeveryone	NO TRANSLATION
hateful	chidani
hater	wodana
hateyou	NO TRANSLATION
hating	kudana
hatred	chidani
haughty	odzikuza
haul	konzani
haulage	kusuntha
haunt	kukonda
haunted	akuwombera
have	khalani
haven	malo
havoc	chiwonongeko
haw	haw
hawk	hawk
hawking	kuwomba
hay	NO TRANSLATION
haye	haye
hayride	hayride
haystack	chisangalalo
haywire	haywire
hazard	ngozi
hazardous	zoopsa
haze	fungo
hazmat	hazmat
hazy	osauka
head	mutu
headache	mutu
headaches	mutu
headband	mutu
headdress	chovala chamutu
header	mutu
headgear	mutu
heading	kutsogolera
headland	mutu
headless	opanda pake
headlight	kuwala
headline	mutu
headliner	nsalu yamutu
headlock	mutu
headlong	mutulong
headmaster	mtsogoleri wamkulu
headphones	mafoni
headquarter	bwalo lamilandu
headquarters	likulu
headset	kumangirira
headstone	mwala wapamutu
headstrong	wamisala
headway	kutsogolo
heady	kumutu
heal	kuchiza
healer	machiritso
healing	machiritso
health	thanzi
healthcare	chisamaliro chamoyo
healthful	wathanzi
healthy	wathanzi
heap	mulu
hear	mvetserani
hearer	womvera
hearing	kumva
hearsay	kumvetsera
hearse	hearse
heart	mtima
heart disease	matenda a mtima
heartache	kupwetekedwa mtima
heartattack	NO TRANSLATION
heartbeat	kugunda kwa mtima
heartbreak	kupwetekedwa mtima
heartbreaker	mtima wosweka mtima
heartbreaking	zowawa
heartbroken	kukhumudwa
heartburn	kupweteketsa mtima
hearted	mtima
heartfelt	kuchokera pansi pa mtima
hearth	nyumba
heartily	mwamtima
heartland	mtimaland
heartless	wopanda mtima
hearts	mitima
heartsick	mtimaick
heartworm	mtima wambiri
hearty	mtima
heat	kutentha
heated	kukwiya
heater	kutentha
heath	mwambo
heathen	achikunja
heather	heather
heating	Kutentha
heave	kukwera
heaven	kumwamba
heavenly	kumwamba
heavens	miyamba
heavily	kwambiri
heaviness	kulemera
heaving	kupuma
heavy	zolemetsa
heavy metal	heavy metal
heavyweight	zolemetsa
heck	amva
hectares	mahekitala
hectic	zovuta
hedge	khoma
hedgehog	hedgehog
hedonism	hedonism
hee	hee
heed	mverani
heel	chidendene
heels	zidendene
heft	mphepo
hefty	okongola
hegemonic	hegemonic
heheh	NO TRANSLATION
heifer	ng'ombe
height	kutalika
heighten	kukwera
heightened	amakula
heinous	woopsa
heir	wolowa nyumba
heiress	heiress
heirloom	wolowa nyumba
heirs	oloŵa nyumba
heist	heist
helical	helical
helicopter	helikopita
helipad	helipad
heliport	heliport
helium	helium
helix	helix
hell	gehena
hellfire	moto wamoto
hellhole	hellhole
hellish	hellish
helm	mzimayi
helmet	chisoti
helmsman	msilikali wamisala
help	Thandizeni
helper	mthandizi
helpful	zothandiza
helpless	opanda thandizo
helplessness	kusowa thandizo
hem	NO TRANSLATION
hematite	hematite
hematoma	hematoma
hemi	hemi
hemisphere	chilengedwe
hemispheric	hemispheric
hemlock	hemlock
hemoglobin	hemoglobini
hemorrhage	Kuchepetsa magazi
hemorrhoids	zotupa
hemostat	hemostat
hemp	hemp
hen	NO TRANSLATION
henceforth	kuyambira pano
henhouse	henhouse
hepatitis	hepatitis
herald	herald
heraldry	heraldry
herb	therere
herbaceous	herbaceous
herbal	zitsamba
herbarium	herbarium
herbs	zitsamba
herd	ng'ombe
hereditary	cholowa
heredity	chibadwidwe
heresy	chinyengo
heretic	chinyengo
heretical	zonyenga
heretofore	kale
hereunto	hereunto
herewith	apa
heritage	cholowa
hermaphrodite	hermaphrodite
hermeneutics	hermeneutics
hermit	mzimayi
hernia	hernia
hero	munthu
heroic	nyonga
heroics	masewera
heroin	heroin
heroine	heroine
heroism	kulimba mtima
herpes	herpes
herpesvirus	herpesvirus
herring	hering'i
hertz	hertz
hesitant	wotsutsa
hesitate	samayikira
hesitating	kusinkhasinkha
hesitation	kukayikira
hetero	hetero
heterogeneity	kusagwirizana
heterosexual	chiwerewere
hew	mvetserani
hex	hex
hexagon	hexagon
heyday	heyday
hiatus	hiatus
hibernate	mphepo yam'mwamba
hibernation	kubisala
hiccup	hiccup
hick	chigoba
hickey	hickey
hickory	hickory
hidden	zobisika
hide	kubisa
hideaway	hideaway
hideous	hideous
hideout	kubisala
hiding	kubisala
hierarchical	chikhalidwe chamakono
hierarchy	olamulira
hieroglyphics	zolemba
high	mkulu
high heels	nsitete zapamwamba
highball	highball
higher	apamwamba
highest	wapamwamba kwambiri
highland	mapiri
highlands	mapiri
highlight	tsatanetsatane
highness	ukulu
hight	kukwera
hightail	nsalu zamakono
highway	msewu waukulu
hijack	kunyumba
hijacker	wakuba
hike	kukwera
hiker	woyenda
hiking	kuyenda
hiking boot	kuthamanga
hilarious	zovuta
hilarity	chidziwitso
hill	phiri
hillside	phiri
hilltop	phiri
hilly	zokongola
hilt	phokoso
hind	kumbuyo
hinder	kulepheretsa
hindering	kulepheretsa
hindrance	choletsa
hindsight	kubwereza
hinge	kumenyana
hint	chithunzi
hinterland	hinterland
hip	chiuno
hip hop	hip hop
hippie	hippie
hippo	mvuu
hippopotamus	mvuu
hire	kubwereka
hirsute	limbeni
hiss	ake
hissing	kuthamanga
histology	histology
historian	wolemba mbiri
historic	mbiri yakale
historical	mbiri
historiography	mbiri yakale
history	mbiri
hit	kugunda
hitch	chigoba
hitchhike	mphukira
hitchhiker	wogwilitsila nchito
hitherto	mpaka pano
hitter	zovuta
hive	mng'oma
hives	ming'oma
hoard	hoard
hoarse	kuphulika
hoary	chophimba
hoax	chopusitsira
hob	hobi
hobbit	chimbudzi
hobby	zosangalatsa
hobo	hobo
hock	phokoso
hockey	hockey
hoe	NO TRANSLATION
hog	nkhumba
hogwash	hogwash
hohoho	NO TRANSLATION
hoist	chophimba
hokey	hokey
hold	gwirani
holder	mwini
holding	akugwira
holdup	Pilirani
hole	dzenje
holiday	tchuthi
holidays	maholide
holidayseason	NO TRANSLATION
holiness	chiyero
holistic	zonse
holler	kufuula
hollow	dzenje
holly	holly
holocaust	zopsereza
hologram	hologram
holographic	holographic
holster	holster
holy	woyera
holyspirit	NO TRANSLATION
homage	kupembedza
hombre	NO TRANSLATION
hombres	NO TRANSLATION
home	kunyumba
homeboy	mwana wamwamuna
homecoming	kubwerera
homeland	dziko lakwawo
homeless	opanda pokhala
homely	wokondedwa
homemade	zokonzedwa
homeopathic	homeopathic
homeopathy	sing'anga
homeowner	mwini nyumba
homeroom	homeroom
homesick	kumangokhala kwathu
homestead	nyumba
homesweethome	kwanu nkwanu
hometown	kumudzi kwawo
homeward	kunyumba
homework	ntchito yakunyumba
homey	kunyumba
homicidal	kudzipha
homicide	kudzipha
homily	bwenzi
homing	homing
hominy	mimba
homo	homo
homogeneity	kugwirizana
homogeneous	zofanana
homologous	ovomerezeka
homologue	wovomerezeka
homology	kugonana
homophobic	anthu okonda zachiwerewere
homosexual	kugonana amuna kapena akazi okhaokha
homosexuality	kugonana amuna kapena akazi okhaokha
honcho	honcho
hone	kudzikonda
honest	owona mtima
honesty	kuwona mtima
honey	wokondedwa
honeycomb	uchi
honeymoon	wokondedwa
honeysuckle	nyamakazi
honk	ulemu
honky	honky
honor	ulemu
honorable	wolemekezeka
honorarium	honorarium
honorary	ulemu
honored	kulemekezedwa
hooch	zovuta
hood	hood
hooded	yodulidwa
hoodlum	hoodlum
hoof	ziboda
hook	yambani
hooked	ankalumikizidwa
hooker	hooker
hookup	Lumikizanani
hooky	hooky
hooligan	hooligan
hoop	chingwe
hoopla	hoopla
hooray	hooray
hoot	hoot
hooter	wosungunula
hop	hop
hope	chiyembekezo
hopeful	chiyembekezo
hopeless	opanda chiyembekezo
hopelessness	kusowa chiyembekezo
hopes	ziyembekezo
hoping	ndikuyembekeza
hopper	chombo
horde	horde
horizon	pafupi
horizontal	yopanda malire
horizontally	mopanda malire
hormonal	hormonal
hormone	hormone
horn	lipenga
horned	mahomoni
hornet	hornet
horny	horny
horoscope	horoscope
horrendous	zoopsa
horrible	zoopsa
horribly	zoopsa
horrid	zovuta
horrific	zoopsa
horrified	mantha
horrifying	zoopsa
horror	mantha
horrors	zoopsa
horse	kavalo
horseback	okwera pamahatchi
horseman	wokwera pakavalo
horsepower	mahatchi
horseradish	horseradish
horseshit	akavalo
horseshoe	mahatchi
horsey	horsey
horticultural	horticultural
horticulture	horticulture
hosannah	NO TRANSLATION
hose	phula
hosiery	hosiery
hospice	hospice
hospitable	wochereza alendo
hospital	chipatala
hospitality	kulandira alendo
host	wolandira
hostage	kuthandizidwa
hostel	kogona
hostess	mzimayi
hostile	nkhanza
hostilities	nkhanza
hostility	chidani
hot	otentha
hot sauce	msuzi wotentha
hotbed	kutentha
hotdog	hoti dogi
hotel	hotelo
hothead	hothead
hotline	otchinga
hotshot	hotshot
hotyoga	NO TRANSLATION
hound	hound
hour	ora
hourglass	hourglass
hourly	maola
house	nyumba
houseboat	boti la nyumba
houseboy	wamasiye
housebroken	nyumba yosweka
houseguest	nyumba
household	banja
householder	mwininyumba
housekeeper	wosamalira nyumba
housekeeping	kusunga nyumba
housewarming	kuwomba nyumba
housewife	mayi wamasiye
housework	ntchito zapakhomo
housing	nyumba
hovel	hovel
hover	sungani
hovercraft	hovercraft
howl	Lirani
howsoever	zilizonse
hoy	NO TRANSLATION
hub	nthiti
hubby	zokopa
huckleberry	chimanga
huddle	kumangirira
hue	hue
huff	kumenyana
huffy	huffy
hug	kukumbatirana
huge	chachikulu
hugger	kumangirira
huggy	huggy
hugs	kukumbatirana
hulk	hulk
hull	kanyumba
hum	hum
human	anthu
humane	munthu
humanitarian	kuthandiza
humanities	anthu
humanity	umunthu
humankind	anthu
humanoid	humanoid
humanrights	NO TRANSLATION
humble	wodzichepetsa
humbled	adanyozedwa
humbly	modzichepetsa
humbug	humbug
humdrum	humdrum
humid	chinyezi
humidity	chinyezi
humiliate	kunyalanyaza
humiliated	amanyozedwa
humiliating	zochititsa manyazi
humiliation	manyazi
humility	kudzichepetsa
hummer	hummer
hummingbird	hummingbird
humongous	humongous
humor	zosangalatsa
humored	kusangalatsa
humorist	amatsenga
humorous	zosangalatsa
hump	hump
humpback	mphuno
hunch	msaki
hunchback	nsomba
hundred	zana
hundredth	zana
hunger	njala
hungry	wanjala
hunk	hunk
hunks	hunks
hunky	hunky
hunt	kusaka
hunter	msaka
hunting	kusaka
huntress	wosaka
hurdle	kupweteka
hurl	ponyani
hurrah	kupweteka
hurricane	mphepo yamkuntho
hurricanes	mphepo zamkuntho
hurried	mwamsanga
hurry	fulumira
hurryup	NO TRANSLATION
hurt	kukhumudwa
hurtful	zopweteka
hurting	kuvulaza
husband	mwamuna
husbandry	mlimi
hush	hush
hushed	akudandaula
husk	NO TRANSLATION
husky	husky
hussy	hussy
hustle	sungani
hustler	hustler
hut	nyumba
hutch	hutch
hyacinth	hyacinth
hybrid	wosakanizidwa
hydra	hydra
hydrant	hydrant
hydrate	hydrate
hydraulic	magetsi
hydraulics	ma hydraulics
hydrocephalus	hydrocephalus
hydrodynamics	hydrodynamics
hydrogen	hydrogen
hydrographic	hydrographic
hydrology	hydrology
hydrophobia	hydrophobia
hydroponics	hydroponics
hyena	hyena
hygiene	ukhondo
hygienic	ukhondo
hygienist	wosamalira
hymen	anthu
hymn	nyimbo
hype	hype
hyped	amawonetsa
hyper	hyper
hyperactive	osakhudzidwa
hyperbole	kusindikiza
hyperspace	zosokoneza
hypertension	matenda oopsa
hypertrophy	kuwopsa
hyperventilate	sungani bwino
hyperventilating	kutsekemera
hyphen	chithunzi
hypnosis	kugwidwa
hypnotic	chithunzithunzi
hypnotist	wopusitsa
hypnotize	kusokoneza
hypnotized	kusokonezedwa
hypochondriac	hypochondriac
hypocrisy	chinyengo
hypocrite	wonyenga
hypocritical	chinyengo
hypodermic	hypodermic
hypothalamus	hypothalamus
hypothermia	hypothermia
hypothesis	maganizo
hypothetical	zozizwitsa
hysterectomy	hysterectomy
hysteria	chisokonezo
hysterical	nthendayi
ibuprofen	ibuprofen
ice	chisanu
ice tea	ayezi
iceberg	madzi oundana
icebox	icebox
icebreaker	woswa madzi
iced	iced
icing	icing
icky	icky
icon	chithunzi
iconic	zojambulajambula
iconography	zojambulajambula
icy	chisanu
id	id
idea	lingaliro
ideal	zabwino
idealism	maganizo
idealist	wokondweretsa
idealistic	zolinga
identical	chimodzimodzi
identically	mofanana
identification	chizindikiro
identify	dziwani
identity	chidziwitso
ideology	malingaliro
idiocy	idiocy
idiom	zithunzithunzi
idiomatic	zovuta
idiot	Idiot
idiotic	zosangalatsa
idiots	zizindikiro
idle	osagwira ntchito
idleness	kusowa
idler	osadziwa
idol	fano
idolatry	kupembedza mafano
idolizing	kumangirira
idyllic	zosangalatsa
iffy	iffy
ifonly	ifonly
igloo	igloo
igneous	amanyansidwa
ignite	ikani
ignition	kupsa
ignorance	kusadziwa
ignorant	osadziwa
ignore	samanyalanyaza
iguana	iguana
ihatespiders	NO TRANSLATION
ilk	NO TRANSLATION
ill	odwala
illegal	zoletsedwa
illegality	kusayeruzika
illegally	mosavomerezeka
illegible	chosamveka
illegitimate	wosaloledwa
illicit	choletsedwa
illiterate	osaphunzira
illness	matenda
illogical	zopanda nzeru
illuminate	kuunikira
illuminating	kuunikira
illumination	kuunikira
illuminator	chounikira
illusion	chinyengo
illustrate	fotokozani
illustration	fanizo
illustrative	zojambula
illustrious	zosangalatsa
ilovechristmas	NO TRANSLATION
iloveher	NO TRANSLATION
image	chithunzi
imagery	zithunzi
imaginable	zosatheka
imaginary	zoganiza
imagination	malingaliro
imaginative	zosalingalira
imagine	taganizirani
imagined	mukuganiza
imaging	kuganiza
imagining	kuganiza
imam	NO TRANSLATION
imbalance	kusamvana
imbecile	imbecile
imbedded	imalowa
imissyou	NO TRANSLATION
imitate	tsatirani
imitated	anatsanzira
imitation	kutsanzira
immaculate	osayera
immaterial	osasintha
immature	mwana
immaturity	kusakhwima
immeasurable	zosawerengeka
immeasurably	zosayembekezereka
immediacy	yomweyo
immediate	mwamsanga
immediately	mwamsanga
immemorial	chikumbutso
immense	chachikulu
immerse	kumiza
immersion	kumizidwa
immigrant	alendo
immigration	alendo
imminent	pafupi
immobile	osasintha
immoral	chiwerewere
immorality	chiwerewere
immortal	osakhoza kufa
immortality	kusafa
immovable	zosasunthika
immune	chitetezo cha mthupi
immunity	chitetezo
immunization	katemera
immutable	osasintha
imp	imp
impact	zotsatira
impair	zovuta
impaired	zovuta
impairment	kuwonongeka
impart	perekani
impartial	mopanda tsankho
impartiality	kupanda tsankhu
impassable	zosatheka
impassioned	wachifundo
impatience	kuleza mtima
impatient	osaleza mtima
impatiently	NO TRANSLATION
impeach	impeach
impeachment	chinyengo
impeccable	zosatheka
impede	thandizani
impediment	cholepheretsa
impelled	zakhudzidwa
impending	ikuyandikira
impenetrable	chosasinthika
imperative	chofunikira
imperceptible	imperceptible
imperfect	opanda ungwiro
imperfection	kupanda ungwiro
imperfectly	opanda ungwiro
imperial	mfumu
imperialist	NO TRANSLATION
impermeable	chosayenera
impermissible	chosamvetsetseka
impersonal	osasintha
impersonate	tsatirani
impersonation	kusanzira
impersonator	wosanzira
impertinence	impertinence
impertinent	impertinent
impervious	chosayenerera
impetuous	zovuta
impetus	kulimbikitsa
implacable	zosasangalatsa
implant	kulowetsa
implantation	kukhazikitsa
implanted	yakhazikika
implement	tithandizeni
implicate	zovuta
implicated	zovuta
implication	kutanthauza
implied	ankatanthauza
implore	pemphani
implosion	kupempha
imply	tanthawuzani
impolite	zopanda pake
import	kulandila
importance	kufunika
important	zofunika
importation	kuitanitsa
impose	yambani
imposing	zovuta
imposition	kupatula
impossibility	zosatheka
impossible	zosatheka
impostor	wonyenga
impotence	kupanda mphamvu
impotent	wopanda mphamvu
impound	chingwe
impoverished	wosauka
impracticable	zosatheka
impractical	zosatheka
impregnable	chosasinthika
impregnate	osayenerera
impress	chidwi
impressed	chidwi
impression	kukhudzidwa
impressionable	yosasinthika
impressive	zochititsa chidwi
imprint	zolemba
imprison	kumangidwa
imprisoned	kumangidwa
imprisonment	kumangidwa
improbable	zosatheka
impromptu	zopanda pake
improper	zosayenera
impropriety	zosayenera
improve	kusintha
improved	bwino
improvement	kusintha
improves	bwino
improving	kusintha
improvisation	malingaliro
improvise	amavomereza
improvised	zolimbitsa
imprudent	zopanda pake
impudence	chisamaliro
impudent	wosasamala
impulse	kukhudzidwa
impulsive	zosafuna
impunity	osasamala
impure	zosayera
impurity	kusayera
imputation	kutengera
imtryingtosleep	NO TRANSLATION
inability	zosatheka
inaccessible	zosatheka
inaccurate	zolakwika
inaction	kusagwirizana
inactivate	inacititsa
inactivation	inactivation
inactive	sakugwira ntchito
inactivity	kusagwira ntchito
inadequacy	kuperewera
inadequate	osakwanira
inadequateness	kusadziŵa
inadmissible	zosavomerezeka
inadvertent	osadziwika
inadvertently	mosadziwika
inaffable	NO TRANSLATION
inalienable	inalibenso
inane	inane
inanimate	osamvetsa
inapplicable	zosasinthika
inappropriate	zosayenera
inattention	kusamalidwa
inaudible	inaudible
inaugural	kutsegulidwa
inaugurate	atsegule
inauguration	kutsegulira
inborn	anabadwa
inbound	mkati mwake
inbred	inbred
incalculable	zovuta
incandescent	kusungunuka
incantation	kusokoneza
incapable	chosatheka
incapacity	kulephera
incarceration	kutsekeredwa
incarnate	thupi
incase	kuti mwina
incendiary	zovuta
incense	zofukiza
incensed	anakwiya
incentive	zolimbikitsa
inception	kuyambira
incessant	osatha
incessantly	mosalekeza
incest	achibale
incestuous	zovuta
inch	inchi
incidence	chiwonongeko
incident	chochitika
incidental	mwangozi
incidentally	mwangozi
incineration	kutentha
incinerator	chosokoneza
incipient	chotsani
incision	kutengeka
incisive	zovuta
incite	kuwalimbikitsa
incitement	kukondweretsa
inclement	kuwalimbikitsa
inclination	chilakolako
incline	khalani pansi
inclined	akuyang'ana
include	onjezerani
included	kuphatikizapo
including	kuphatikizapo
inclusion	kuphatikiza
inclusive	kuphatikizapo
incognito	incognito
incoherent	osagwirizana
income	ndalama
incoming	kulowa
incomparable	zosayerekezeka
incompatible	zosagwirizana
incompetence	kusadziŵa
incompetent	osadziŵa
incomplete	zosakwanira
incompletely	mosavuta
incompleteness	kulephera
incomprehensible	chosamvetsetseka
inconceivable	chosatheka
inconclusive	zosakwanira
incongruous	osayankhula
inconsequential	zosafunikira
inconsiderate	osaganizira ena
inconsistency	kusagwirizana
inconsistent	zosagwirizana
inconspicuous	zosawerengeka
incontinence	kudziletsa
inconvenience	zosokoneza
inconvenient	zovuta
incorporate	phatikizani
incorporation	kuphatikiza
incorrect	sizilondola
incorrigible	incorrigible
increase	wonjezani
increased	kuwonjezeka
incredible	zodabwitsa
incredulous	osakayikira
increment	increment
incriminate	kutsutsa
incriminating	kuwatsutsa
incrimination	kusokoneza
incubation	makulitsidwe
incubator	incubator
incubus	zopangira
incumbent	zovuta
incur	tenga
incurable	osachiritsika
incursion	katemera
indebted	ngongole
indecency	chisokonezo
indecent	zosayenera
indecision	kusokoneza
indecisive	osakayikira
indefensible	zosamveka
indefinite	osatha
indelible	chosakayikira
indemnification	chidziwitso
indemnify	onetsetsani
indemnity	malipiro
indent	zopanda pake
indentation	chilango
indenture	kutaya
independence	ufulu
independent	odziimira okha
indescribable	zosawerengeka
indestructible	chosadetsedwa
indeterminate	chosadalirika
index	ndondomeko
indicate	onetsani
indicating	kusonyeza
indication	chizindikiro
indicative	zizindikiro
indicator	chizindikiro
indice	NO TRANSLATION
indict	kutsutsa
indictment	chitsutso
indie	indie
indifference	kusayanjanitsika
indifferent	osayanjanitsika
indigenous	zachikhalidwe
indigent	osauka
indigestion	kunyoza
indignant	wokwiya
indignation	mkwiyo
indignity	mkwiyo
indigo	indigo
indirect	osalunjika
indiscreet	osamvetsetsa
indiscretion	kusadziletsa
indispensable	zofunikira
indisposed	osadziwika
indistinct	chosadziwika
indistinguishable	chosadziwika
individual	munthu aliyense
individuality	kudzikonda
indivisible	zosadziwika
indoctrination	kuphunzitsidwa
indolent	indolent
indomitable	zosavomerezeka
indoor	mkati
induce	kukopa
induced	amachititsa
inducement	kukakamiza
induction	kulowetsa
indulge	penyani
indulgence	chisokonezo
indulgent	tetezani
industrial	mafakitale
industrialist	wolemba mafakitale
industrious	wogwira ntchito mwakhama
industry	makampani
ineffable	chosayenerera
ineffective	zopanda ntchito
ineffectual	zopanda pake
inefficiency	zopanda pake
inefficient	kusagwirizana
inelastic	zosakaniza
ineligible	sichiyenera
inept	inept
ineptitude	kupanda
inequality	kusalinganizana
inequitable	zopanda chilungamo
inert	inert
inertia	inertia
inevitable	chosapeŵeka
inexact	osagwirizana
inexcusable	opanda chifukwa
inexhaustible	osatha
inexpensive	yotsika mtengo
inexperience	osadziŵa zambiri
inexperienced	osadziwa zambiri
inexplicable	osadziwika
inexpressible	osasamala
infallibility	kusakhulupirika
infallible	chosayenerera
infamous	wolemekezeka
infamy	zolaula
infancy	ali wakhanda
infant	khanda
infanticide	infanticide
infantile	mwana wamng'ono
infantry	ana
infarct	osayenerera
infatuated	amanyengerera
infatuation	kutengera
infeasible	zosatheka
infect	thandizani
infection	matenda
infectious	matenda
infer	kuchepa
inference	chiwerengero
inferential	yopanda malire
inferior	otsika
inferiority	kudzichepetsa
infernal	infernal
inferno	inferno
infertile	wosabereka
infertility	kusabereka
infestation	infestation
infidel	osakhulupirira
infidelity	kusakhulupirika
infield	infield
infiltrate	kulowetsani
infiltration	kulowerera
infinite	zopanda malire
infinitely	zopanda malire
infinitesimal	zosatheka
infinity	zopanda malire
infirm	matenda
infirmary	machiritso
infirmity	zofooka
inflammation	kutupa
inflammatory	zotupa
inflatable	inflatable
inflate	thandizani
inflated	inakhudzidwa
inflation	inflation
inflection	kusokoneza
inflict	amachititsa
infliction	zovuta
inflorescence	inflorescence
influence	mphamvu
influential	zothandiza
influenza	Fuluwenza
influx	thandizani
info	info
infomercial	zovuta
inform	dziwani
informal	zosalongosoka
informant	zosadziwika
information	zambiri
informative	zophunzitsa
informed	adziwa
informer	wolengeza
infraction	kulakwitsa
infrared	zachilendo
infrastructure	mizinda
infrequent	zosavuta
infrequently	nthawi zambiri
infringement	kuphwanya
infuriate	wokwiya
infuriated	atakwiya
infuriates	amakwiya
infuriating	wokwiya
infuse	amapereka
infused	inalowetsedwa
infuser	chinyengo
infusion	kulowetsedwa
ingenious	wozindikira
ingenuity	luntha
ingest	ingest
ingestion	kumeza
ingot	ingot
ingrained	ozikika
ingrate	sungani
ingredient	chophatikiza
ingress	ingress
inhabit	khalanimo
inhabitant	wokhalamo
inhabited	wokhalamo
inhabiting	kukhalamo
inhalation	inhalation
inhale	inhale
inhaler	inhaler
inherent	zachibadwa
inherit	cholowa
inheritance	cholowa
inhibit	ziletsa
inhibition	kulepheretsa
inhibitor	inhibitor
inhospitable	zosasinthika
inhuman	opanda umunthu
inhumane	osalankhula
inhumanity	muumunthu
inimaginable	NO TRANSLATION
inimical	zosavomerezeka
inimitable	osayenerera
iniquity	zoipa
initial	poyamba
initiate	ayambe
initiated	oyambitsa
initiation	kuyamba
initiative	chochita
inject	jekeseni
injection	jekeseni
injunction	chilango
injure	kuvulaza
injured	anavulala
injuring	kuvulaza
injurious	zovulaza
injury	kuvulala
injustice	kupanda chilungamo
ink	ink
inkling	inkling
inland	mkati
inlay	inlay
inlet	chilolezo
inmate	womangidwa
inn	kogona kolipitsa
innards	zopanda
innate	innate
inner	mkati
innermost	mkati
innerpeace	NO TRANSLATION
inning	inning
innings	zowawa
innkeeper	wosamalira alendo
innocence	kusalakwa
innocent	osalakwa
innocently	mosalakwa
innocuous	osalakwa
innovate	kukhazikitsa
innovation	zatsopano
innovative	zatsopano
innuendo	innuendo
innumerable	osawerengeka
inoculation	inoculation
inoperable	osagwiritsidwa ntchito
inoperative	osagwira ntchito
inordinate	zovuta
inorganic	zosavomerezeka
input	zowonjezera
inquest	funsani
inquire	funsani
inquirer	funsani
inquiring	ndikufunsa
inquiry	kufufuza
inquisitive	wosadziwa
inquisitor	kufufuza
insane	achinyengo
insanity	kusankhana
insatiable	osasokonezeka
inscription	kulemba
inscrutable	chosasinthika
insect	tizilombo
insecticide	tizilombo
insecure	osatetezeka
insecurity	kusatetezeka
insemination	insemination
insensitive	osasamala
inseparable	osagwirizana
insert	onjezerani
inserted	inayikidwa
insertion	kuika
inside	mkati
insider	mkati
insidious	zosayenera
insight	kuzindikira
insightful	kuzindikira
insignia	insignia
insignificance	zosafunikira
insignificant	zosafunika
insinuate	insinuate
insipid	zovuta
insist	tsatirani
insistence	kuumirira
insistent	tsatirani
insists	amatsutsa
insolence	kunyada
insolent	achipongwe
insoluble	kusungunuka
insolvency	kusakhulupirika
insolvent	osungidwa
insomnia	kusowa tulo
insomniac	insomniac
inspect	yang'anani
inspection	kuyendera
inspector	woyang'anira
inspiration	kudzoza
inspirational	zolimbikitsa
inspire	kulimbikitsani
inspired	louziridwa
instability	kusakhazikika
install	sungani
installation	kuika
installment	gawo
instance	chitsanzo
instant	nthawi yomweyo
instantaneous	nthawi yomweyo
instantaneously	panthawi yomweyo
instigate	kumayambitsa
instigation	kuyambitsa
instill	onetsani
instinct	chibadwa
instinctive	zachibadwa
institute	bungwe
institution	bungwe
instruct	phunzitsani
instructed	adalangizidwa
instruction	malangizo
instructional	malangizo
instructions	malangizo
instructive	zophunzitsa
instructor	mlangizi
instrument	chida
instrumental	chida
instrumentalist	chida
instrumentality	chida
insubordination	kusagwirizana
insufferable	sungatheke
insufficiency	kusakwanira
insufficient	sikokwanira
insufficiently	mosakwanira
insular	zovuta
insulate	insulate
insulated	kusungunuka
insulation	kusungunula
insulin	insulini
insult	kunyoza
insulting	kunyoza
insurance	inshuwalansi
insure	onetsetsani
insurgent	opanduka
insurmountable	chosasinthika
insurrection	kupanduka
intact	zovuta
intake	kudya
intangible	zosaoneka
integer	nambala yaikulu
integral	zofunikira
integrate	kuphatikiza
integration	kuphatikiza
integrity	umphumphu
intellect	nzeru
intellectual	luntha
intelligence	nzeru
intelligent	wanzeru
intelligibility	nzeru
intelligible	kumvetsa
intend	funsani
intended	cholinga
intending	cholinga
intense	kwambiri
intensely	mwamphamvu
intensify	kuwonjezera
intensity	mwamphamvu
intensive	zovuta
intent	cholinga
intention	cholinga
intentional	mwadala
intentionally	mwadala
inter	zamkati
interact	zithandizana
interaction	kuyanjana
interactive	kuyanjana
intercede	funsani
intercept	sungani
interception	kulowerera
intercession	kupembedzera
interchange	kusinthanitsa
interchangeable	zosinthika
interchanged	anasinthanitsa
intercom	intercom
intercourse	kugonana
interdependence	kudalirana
interdependent	kudalirana
interdiction	chiletso
interest	chidwi
interested	chidwi
interesting	zosangalatsa
interface	mawonekedwe
interfere	sokonezani
interference	kusokoneza
interferometer	interferometer
intergalactic	intergalactic
interim	zosakhalitsa
interior	mkati
interject	chotsutsana
interlocutory	kuyanjana
interlude	kuphatikiza
intermediary	mkhalapakati
intermediate	pakati
interment	kupembedzera
interminable	zosatha
intermission	kuchepetsa
intermittent	pakati
intern	intern
internal	mkati
internally	mkati
international	mayiko
internet	intaneti
internship	internship
interoffice	kusindikizana
interpolate	interpolate
interpolation	kutanthauzira
interpret	kutanthauzira
interpretation	kutanthauzira
interpreter	womasulira
interpretive	kutanthauzira
interrelated	zogwirizana
interrogate	kukafunsidwa mafunso
interrogation	kufunsa
interrupt	sokonezani
interrupted	inasokonezedwa
interrupting	kusokoneza
interruption	kusokonezeka
interrupts	kusokoneza
intersect	tetezani
intersection	kutsutsana
interstate	pakati
interstellar	maseŵera
interstitial	zamkati
interval	nthawi
intervene	thandizani
intervening	kulowerera
intervention	kulowerera
interview	kufunsa
interviewer	wofunsa mafunso
interworking	kugwirana ntchito
intestate	matumbo
intestinal	m'mimba
intestine	matumbo
intestines	matumbo
intimacy	ubwenzi wapamtima
intimate	wapamtima
intimately	mwatsatanetsatane
intimation	chidziwitso
intimidate	kuwopsyeza
intimidated	adaopsezedwa
intimidating	kuwopseza
intimidation	kuwopsyeza
intolerable	chosamvetseka
intolerance	kusagwirizana
intolerant	osakondana
intonation	mawu
intoxicated	oledzera
intoxicating	zoledzeretsa
intoxication	kuledzera
intracranial	osagwira ntchito
intractable	chosasokonezeka
intramural	chikhalidwe
intravenous	kusokoneza
intrepid	wopanda nzeru
intricate	zovuta
intrigue	zovuta
intriguing	zosangalatsa
intrinsic	zofunikira
intrinsically	mwachibadwa
intro	intro
introduce	onetsani
introduction	mawu oyambirira
introductory	chiyambi
introspection	kudziwonetsa
introspective	zowonekera
intrude	kulowerera
intruder	wolanda
intrusion	kulowerera
intrusive	intrusive
intubation	malingaliro
intuition	chidziwitso
intuitive	zosavuta
intuitively	intuitively
inundation	kuvulaza
invade	pitani
invader	wosakaza
invalid	zosayenera
invalidate	musawononge
invalidation	kusalidwa
invalidity	kusowa
invaluable	ofunika kwambiri
invariably	nthawi zonse
invasion	kupandukira
invasive	zovuta
invent	yambani
invention	zopangidwa
inventive	zovuta
inventor	oyambitsa
inventory	kufufuza
inverse	kutsutsana
inversely	mosiyana
inversion	kusokoneza
invert	sungani
inverted	inasinthidwa
invest	sungani ndalama
investigate	fufuzani
investigation	kufufuza
investigative	kufufuza
investigator	wofufuza
investment	ndalama
investor	wolima
invidious	zopanda pake
invigorate	kulimbikitsa
invincible	osadziwika
invisibility	kusadziwika
invisible	osawoneka
invitation	kuitana
invite	pemphani
inviting	kuyitana
invocation	kupempha
invoice	invoice
invoke	kuitanitsa
involuntary	osadziimira
involution	zosintha
involve	zimakhudza
involvement	kutenga nawo mbali
invulnerable	osasokonezeka
inwards	mkati
iodine	ayodini
ion	ion
iota	iota
irate	kukwiya
ire	NO TRANSLATION
iridescent	nthawi yayitali
iris	iris
irked	atayimitsidwa
irks	irks
iron	chitsulo
ironclad	ironclad
ironic	zodabwitsa
irons	zitsulo
irony	chisokonezo
irradiation	kutsekemera
irrational	zopanda nzeru
irrationality	kusaganizira
irreconcilable	zosagwirizana
irreducible	chosokonezeka
irrefutable	chosasinthika
irregular	zosasintha
irregularity	kusagwirizana
irregularly	mosalekeza
irrelevant	zosayenera
irreparable	zosasinthika
irreplaceable	osasinthika
irrepressible	zosayenerera
irresistible	chosatsutsika
irrespective	mosasamala kanthu
irresponsible	osasamala
irreverent	zosayenera
irreversible	chosasinthika
irrevocable	zosasinthika
irrigate	kuthirira
irrigation	ulimi wothirira
irritability	kukwiya
irritable	amakwiya
irritate	zimakwiyitsa
irritated	anakwiya
irritates	zimakwiyitsa
irritating	kukwiya
irritation	kukwiya
island	chilumba
isle	chisumbu
islet	chilumba
isolate	kudzipatula
isolated	osungulumwa
isolation	kudzipatula
isomorphism	isomorphism
isothermal	isothermal
isotope	isotope
issue	nkhani
itch	itch
itching	kuyabwa
itchy	zosangalatsa
item	chinthu
itemize	itemize
items	zinthu
iterate	iterate
iteration	iteration
iterative	iterative
itinerant	ulendo
itinerary	ulendo
ivory	minyanga
jab	jab
jabber	jabber
jack	jack
jackal	jackal
jackass	mphutsi
jacket	jekete
jackhammer	jackhammer
jackpot	jackpot
jackrabbit	jackrabbit
jacks	jacks
jade	jade
jaded	anazengereza
jag	NO TRANSLATION
jagged	adagwidwa
jaguar	jaguar
jail	ndende
jailbird	jailbird
jailbreak	ndende ya ndende
jailer	woyang'anira ndende
jailhouse	jailhouse
jalopy	jalopy
jam	kupanikizana
jamboree	jamboree
jammed	inakanikizidwa
jammer	kupanikizana
janitor	wosamalira
janitorial	chotsatira
japan	japan
jar	mtsuko
jargon	jargon
jarhead	mutu wamutu
jarring	jarring
jasmine	jasmine
jasper	yasipi
jaundice	jaundice
jaunt	chilango
java	java
javelin	nthungo
jaw	msuzu
jawbone	nsagwada
jaws	nsagwada
jay	jay
jazz	jazz
jazzy	jazzy
jealous	nsanje
jealousy	nsanje
jean	jean
jeans	jeans
jeep	jeep
jeering	kunyoza
jelly	odzola
jellybean	sikono yashuga
jellyfish	jellyfish
jenny	jenny
jeopardize	kuopsya
jeopardy	pangozi
jerk	nsomba
jerks	jerks
jerky	zovuta
jersey	jeresi
jest	NO TRANSLATION
jester	jester
jesus	Yesu
jet	jet
jetty	jetty
jewel	miyala
jeweler	zamtengo wapatali
jewelry	zodzikongoletsera
jib	jib
jiff	NO TRANSLATION
jiffy	jiffy
jig	jig
jiggle	Sungani
jigsaw	jigsaw
jihad	jihad
jimmy	jimmy
jingle	jingle
jinx	jinx
jitters	jitters
jittery	jitale
jive	jive
job	ntchito
jobinterview	NO TRANSLATION
jock	ola
jockey	jockey
jockstrap	jockstrap
jog	jog
jogger	kuyendetsa
john	John
join	funsani
joined	adagwirizana
joining	kujowina
joint	mgwirizano
jointly	pamodzi
joke	nthabwala
joker	joker
joking	kuseka
jolly	okonda
jolt	jolt
jornada	NO TRANSLATION
jot	jot
jour	NO TRANSLATION
journal	magazini
journalism	journalism
journalist	wolemba nkhani
journalistic	zofalitsa
journey	ulendo
journeyman	woyendayenda
joust	joust
jovial	ophatikizana
joy	chimwemwe
joyful	wosangalala
joyous	wosangalala
joyride	joyride
joys	chimwemwe
jubilant	zosangalatsa
jubilee	chisangalalo
judge	woweruza
judged	anaweruzidwa
judging	kuweruza
judgment	chiweruzo
judgmental	chiweruzo
judicial	chiweruzo
judiciary	milandu
judicious	mwachidwi
judo	judo
jug	jug
juggle	juggle
juggler	juggler
juggling	kugwedeza
jugular	nthawi imodzi
juice	msuzi
juicer	juicer
juicy	zokometsera
juju	NO TRANSLATION
juke	juke
jukebox	jukebox
jumble	kupunthwa
jumbled	adagwedezeka
jumbo	jumbo
jump	dumpha
jump rope	Dulani chingwe
jumper	jumper
jumpsuit	kupyolera
jumpy	jumpy
junction	magulu
juncture	kumayambiriro
jungle	nkhalango
junior	wachikulire
juniper	juniper
junk	zopanda pake
junket	junket
junkie	junkie
junky	junky
junkyard	junkyard
junta	junta
juridical	malamulo
jurisdiction	ulamuliro
jurisprudence	malamulo
jurist	woweruza milandu
juror	juror
jury	komiti
justice	chilungamo
justifiable	Zolondola
justification	kulungamitsidwa
justify	zifukwa
juststop	NO TRANSLATION
justthebeginning	NO TRANSLATION
jute	jute
juvenile	achinyamata
juxtaposition	juxtaposition
kaiser	kaiser
kale	kale
kaleidoscope	kaleidoscope
kamikaze	kamikaze
kangaroo	kangaroo
kanji	kanji
kappa	kappa
kaput	NO TRANSLATION
karaoke	karaoke
karate	karate
karma	karma
karmic	karmic
kayak	kayak
kazoo	kazoo
kebab	kebab
keel	keel
keen	ndikufuna
keep	sungani
keeper	wosunga
keeping	kusunga
keepsake	kusita
keg	keg
kelp	kelp
ken	ken
kennel	kennel
kerchief	chiwombankhanga
kern	kern
kernel	kernel
kerosene	mafuta a palafini
ketchup	ketchup
kettle	ketulo
key	fungulo
keyboard	makina
keyed	keyed
keyhole	chimbudzi
keynote	mawu ofunika
keypad	chophikira
keystone	chimwala
keyword	mawu ofunika
khaki	khaki
khan	khan
kibble	thumb
kick	kukankha
kickboxing	kukwera makasitomala
kicker	wopewera
kicking	kukankha
kickoff	yamba
kid	mwana
kidder	mwana
kidding	kusokoneza
kiddo	kiddo
kiddos	kiddos
kidnap	kuthandizani
kidnapped	anagwidwa
kidnapper	kuthana
kidnapping	kulanda
kidney	impso
kids	ana
kill	kupha
killer	wakupha
killing	kupha
killjoy	funjoy
kiln	mafuta
kilo	NO TRANSLATION
kilogram	kilogalamu
kilometer	kilomita
kilt	kilt
kimono	kimono
kin	wachibale
kind	zokoma
kindergarten	sukulu
kindling	kupsa
kindness	kukoma mtima
kindred	wachibale
kinematics	chibadwa
kinesiology	kinesiology
kinetic	kinetic
king	mfumu
king snake	njoka ya mfumu
kingdom	ufumu
kingpin	mtsogoleri
kink	kink
kinky	kinky
kinship	chiyanjano
kiosk	kiosk
kirk	kirk
kiss	kupsompsona
kisser	wopsompsona
kissy	kupsompsona
kit	chida
kitchen	khitchini
kite	kite
kitten	chipewa
kiwi	kiwi
klutz	klutz
knack	knack
knapsack	knapsack
knead	bwerani
knee	bondo
kneecap	kneecap
kneel	bwerani
kneeling	kugwada
knell	knell
knick	knick
knickers	zokopa
knife	mpeni
knight	mphunzitsi
knighthood	knighthood
knit	kulungama
knob	mphutsi
knock	kugogoda
knockoff	knockoff
knockout	gwetsa
knoll	knoll
knot	mfundo
knots	mawanga
knotted	knotted
know	dziwani
knowing	kudziwa
knowingly	mukudziwa
knowledge	chidziwitso
knowledgeable	wodziwa bwino
knuckle	gwedeza
knucklehead	knucklehead
knuckles	chimamanga
koala	koala
kook	NO TRANSLATION
kooky	kooky
kool-aid	thandizo la kool
kos	kos
kosher	kosher
kraut	NO TRANSLATION
kris	kris
kryptonite	kryptonite
kudos	kudos
kumquat	kumquat
lab	lab
label	lembani
labor	ntchito
laboratory	labotale
labored	anagwira ntchito
laborer	wogwira ntchito
laboring	kugwira ntchito
laborious	zovuta
labyrinth	labyrinth
lac	lac
lace	lace
laceration	laceration
lack	kusowa
lackey	lackey
lacking	kusowa
lackluster	wosowa
lacquer	lacquer
lacrosse	lacrosse
lactose	lactose
lad	mnyamata
ladder	makwerero
laddie	laddie
laden	atanyamula katundu
lading	kunyamula
ladle	ladle
lady	dona
lady bug	NO TRANSLATION
ladybug	ladybug
ladylike	mzimayi
ladyship	ladyship
lag	lag
lager	NO TRANSLATION
lagging	kutaya
lagoon	nyanja
lair	bwana
laity	anthu wamba
lake	nyanja
lama	NO TRANSLATION
lamb	nkhosa
lame	olumala
lament	kulira
lamenting	kulira
lamina	lamina
laminated	laminated
lamp	nyali
lamppost	chipilala chanyale
lance	kulumpha
lancer	lancer
land	malo
landed	anafika
landfall	kugwa
landfill	kusuta
landing	kukwera
landlady	wokhala m'nyumba
landlocked	analowetsedwa
landlord	mwini nyumba
landmark	chizindikiro
lands	mayiko
landscape	malo
landscaping	malo
landslide	kusokonezeka
lane	njira
language	chinenero
languid	kuvutika
languish	akuvutika
languishing	kukhumudwa
lanky	lanky
lantern	kuwala
lap	lapupa
lapdog	lapdog
lapel	lapel
lapse	zatha
lapsed	zatha
laptop	laptop
larceny	larceny
lard	mafuta
larder	sungunuka
large	lalikulu
larger	zazikulu
largo	NO TRANSLATION
lark	lark
larva	mphutsi
laryngitis	laryngitis
larynx	phula
lasagna	lasagna
laser	laser
lash	lash
lass	lachitsulo
lasso	lasso
lastday	NO TRANSLATION
lasting	osatha
lastminute	lastminute
latch	latch
late	mochedwa
lateness	lateness
latent	latentha
lateral	chotsatira
laterally	kenako
latex	latex
lathe	lathe
lather	lather
latitude	latitude
latrine	latrine
latrines	mipando
latte	khofi wa late
lattice	lattice
laud	tamandani
laudable	olemekezeka
laudation	kutamanda
laudatory	zokopa
laugh	kuseka
laughable	zosangalatsa
laughing	kuseka
laughingstock	NO TRANSLATION
laughs	aseka
laughter	kuseka
launch	kutuluka
launcher	kulengeza
launches	imayambitsa
launder	chimbudzi
laundering	kuwombera
laundry	zovala
laureate	laureate
laurel	laurel
laurels	zopanda pake
lava	lava
lavage	kusamba
lavatory	zopukutira
lavender	lavender
lavish	zovuta
law	malamulo
lawful	zovomerezeka
lawless	osayeruzika
lawlessness	kusayeruzika
lawman	woweruza milandu
lawn	udzu
lawnmower	makina otchetchera kapinga
lawsuit	mlandu
lawyer	woyimira mlandu
lax	lax
laxative	laxative
lay	gonani
layaway	layaway
layer	wosanjikiza
layered	wodwala
layman	mtsogoleri
layout	malingaliro
layover	layover
laziness	ulesi
lazy	waulesi
lazyday	NO TRANSLATION
lea	lea
lead	kutsogolera
leaded	kutsogozedwa
leader	mtsogoleri
leadership	utsogoleri
leading	kutsogolera
leads	kutsogolera
leaf	tsamba
leaflet	timapepala
leafy	masamba
league	mgwirizano
leak	kuthamanga
leakage	kuphulika
leaky	zovuta
lean	wotsamira
leaned	anatsamira
leaning	kudalira
leap	lembani
learn	phunzirani
learned	anaphunzira
learner	wophunzira
learning	kuphunzira
lease	lendi
leash	leash
leather	chikopa
leathery	leathery
leave	tulukani
leavemealone	tandilekeni
leaving	kuchoka
lecherous	lecherous
lecture	phunziro
lecturer	mphunzitsi
ledge	chigwa
ledger	mtsogoleri
lee	lee
leech	leech
leeches	zikopa
leer	NO TRANSLATION
leery	leery
lees	NO TRANSLATION
leeway	leeway
left	kumanzere
leftout	NO TRANSLATION
leftover	yassala
leftovers	zotsala
lefty	lefty
leg	mwendo
legacy	cholowa
legal	zovomerezeka
legality	malamulo
legalize	kulembedwa
legalized	inalembedwa mwalamulo
legally	mwalamulo
legend	nthano
legendary	zachilendo
legibility	zovomerezeka
legible	zovomerezeka
legion	legion
legislate	malamulo
legislation	malamulo
legislative	malamulo
legislator	woweruza malamulo
legislature	malamulo
legit	mwatsatanetsatane
legitimacy	kuvomerezeka
legitimate	chovomerezeka
lego	lego
legs	miyendo
legume	legume
legwork	mwambo
leisure	zosangalatsa
leisurely	mosangalala
lemma	lemma
lemon	mandimu
lemonade	chakumwa chamandimu
lend	longola
lender	Ngongole
lending	kubwereketsa
length	kutalika
lengthen	kutalika
lengthened	yayitalika
lengthening	kuchepa
lengthwise	kutalika kwake
lengthy	yaitali
leniency	kulemekeza
lenient	zosavuta
lens	lens
leopard	kambuku
leotard	khate
leper	wakhate
leprechaun	leprechaun
leprosy	khate
lesbian	azimayi
lesbianism	lesbianism
lesion	chilonda
less	Zochepa
lessee	oyang'anira
lessen	kuchepetsa
lessening	kuchepa
lesser	wamng'ono
lesson	phunziro
lessor	wamng'ono
let	tiyeni
lethal	zoopsa
lethargic	lethargic
lethargy	zovuta
letter	kalata
lettered	zolembedwera
letterhead	mutu wamakalata
lettering	makalata
letters	makalata
lettuce	letisi
leukemia	khansa ya m'magazi
levee	levee
level	mlingo
lever	chiwindi
leverage	zolemba
levitate	levitate
levy	msonkho
lewd	zachiwerewere
lexicon	lexicon
ley	NO TRANSLATION
liabilities	zolakwa
liability	udindo
liable	akuyenera
liaison	kulumikizana
liar	wabodza
libel	chiwonongeko
libelous	zonyansa
liberal	ufulu
liberalism	ufulu
liberate	kumasula
liberated	kumasulidwa
liberating	kumasula
liberation	kumasulidwa
liberty	ufulu
libido	libido
librarian	wowerenga mabuku
library	laibulale
libretto	freetto
lice	nsabwe
license	layisensi
lichen	lichen
lick	kunyenga
licorice	licorice
lid	chivindikiro
lie	bodza
liege	zonyansa
lien	chiyanjano
lieu	malo
lieutenant	lieutenant
life	moyo
lifeblood	magazi
lifeboat	boti lapamadzi
lifeguard	Oyang'anira pamadzi
lifeisgood	moyoisgood
lifeless	wopanda moyo
lifelike	zamoyo
lifeline	mzere wa moyo
lifelong	moyo wonse
lifer	lifer
lifesaver	wopulumutsa
lifestyle	moyo
lifesucks	lifeskki
lifetime	moyo wonse
lift	tsambulani
lifted	adakwezedwa
liftoff	kupuma
ligament	mimba
ligation	ligation
ligature	ligature
light	kuwala
light year	chaka chowala
lightbulb	babu lamagetsi
lighten	kuyatsa
lightheaded	mutu wamutu
lighthouse	nyumba yowala
lighting	kuunikira
lightness	kuwala
lightning	mphezi
lights	magetsi
lightweight	mopepuka
likable	zikondweretsedwa
like	monga
likelihood	mwayi
likely	mwinamwake
likeness	mawonekedwe
likewise	chimodzimodzi
liking	kukonda
lilac	lilac
lily	kakombo
limb	nthambi
limber	limber
limbo	limbo
lime	layimu
limelight	kuwonekera
limestone	chimwala
limey	limey
limit	malire
limitation	malire
limited	zochepa
limitless	zopanda malire
limo	limo
limousine	limousine
limp	limp
lin	lin
line	mzere
lineage	mzere
lineal	mzere
linear	mzere
linebacker	linebacker
lined	atayikidwa
linen	nsalu
liner	liner
lines	mizere
lineup	Imani pamzere
linger	nthawi yayitali
lingerie	lingerie
lingering	akuchedwa
lingo	lingo
lingual	lingual
linguini	lingaliro
linguist	zinenero
linguistic	zinenero
linguistics	linguistics
lining	kuyala
link	kulumikizana
linoleum	linoleum
lint	chovala
lion	mkango
lip	mlomo
liposuction	liposuction
lipstick	lipstick
liquefaction	liquefaction
liquefied	wodetsedwa
liqueur	mowa wotsekemera
liquid	madzi
liquidate	sungani
liquidation	kuchotsedwa
liquidator	liquidator
liquidity	malire
liquor	mowa
lira	NO TRANSLATION
lisp	lisp
list	mndandanda
listen	mvetserani
listener	womvetsera
listenting	NO TRANSLATION
listing	mndandanda
listless	osawerengeka
listneing	NO TRANSLATION
litany	litany
liter	lita
literacy	kuwerenga
literal	zenizeni
literally	kwenikweni
literary	zolemba
literature	mabuku
lithe	lithe
lithium	lithium
lithograph	chilembo
lithography	zojambula
lithology	lithology
lithosphere	lithosphere
litigant	zotsutsana
litigate	kutsutsana
litigation	milandu
litigator	woyimira
litigious	zovuta
litter	zinyalala
little	pang'ono
littlethings	zinthu zazing'ono
littoral	mmbali
liturgy	liturgy
live	khalani
livelife	moyo wamoyo
livelihood	moyo
lively	zosangalatsa
liven	liven
liver	chiwindi
livery	livery
livestock	ziweto
livid	zovuta
living	kukhala moyo
lizard	lizard
llama	Llama
lml	lml
load	katundu
loader	katundu
loaf	mkate
loafer	loafer
loam	loam
loan	ngongole
loath	loath
loathe	zonyansa
loathful	zonyansa
loathing	kudana
loathsome	zonyansa
lobby	malo ogwirira alendo
lobbyist	wolandila alendo
lobe	lobe
lobotomy	lobotomy
lobster	lobusitara
local	wamba
locale	malo
locality	malo
localization	kumidzi
localize	mudziwe
localized	malowa
locate	kupeza
location	malo
locator	wotsatsa
loch	loch
lock	loka
locker	locker
locket	loketi
locksmith	wopukuta
lockup	malo amodzi
loco	malo
locomotion	kutayika
locomotive	locomotive
locust	dzombe
lode	NO TRANSLATION
lodge	malo
lodger	malo ogona
lodging	malo ogona
loft	loft
lofty	okwezeka
log	lozani
logarithm	logarithm
logarithmic	logarithmic
logic	malingaliro
logical	zomveka
logistics	maluso
logo	logo
logotype	logotype
loin	NO TRANSLATION
lollipop	lollipop
lone	yokha
loneliness	kusungulumwa
lonely	wosungulumwa
loner	wosungulumwa
lonesome	zokhazokha
long	yaitali
longboat	chombo chachikulu
longevity	moyo wautali
longing	kukhumba
longitude	longitude
longitudinal	kutalika kwake
longitudinally	nthawi yaitali
longtime	nthawi yayitali
loo	loo
look	yang'anani
looker	yang'anani
lookout	Chenjerani
loom	loom
looming	akuyandikira
loon	loon
loony	loony
loop	loop
loophole	loop
loopy	loopy
loose	kumasuka
loosen	kumasula
loosening	kumasula
loot	chiwonongeko
lop	lokha
lopsided	okanidwa
lord	mbuye
lords	ambuye
lordship	ulamuliro
lore	kusowa
lorry	lori
lose	ataya
loser	woluza
losing	kutaya
loss	kutaya
lost	atayika
lot	zambiri
lotion	lotion
lots	maere
lottery	loti
lotto	lotto
lotus	lotus
loud	mokweza
loudly	mokweza
loudmouth	mkokomo
loudness	mokweza
loudspeaker	loupipu
lounge	kupuma
lounging	kupempha
louse	louse
lousy	lousy
lovable	zokondedwa
love	chikondi
loved	okondedwa
lovee	chikondi
loveee	loveee
loveless	opanda chikondi
lovelife	NO TRANSLATION
loveliness	zokoma
lovelovelove	NO TRANSLATION
lovely	wokondeka
lovemaking	kukonda chikondi
lovemylife	NO TRANSLATION
lover	wokondedwa
lovesick	chikondi
lovethis	lovedis
loving	chikondi
lovinglife	chikondilife
lovinlife	lovinlife
low	otsika
lowdown	otsika
lower	m'munsi
lowering	kuchepetsa
lowest	otsika kwambiri
lowlands	otsika
lowlife	otsika
lowly	otsika
lox	lox
loyal	wokhulupirika
loyalty	kukhulupirika
lsd	lsd
luau	luau
lube	lube
lubricant	mafuta
lubricate	mafuta
lubrication	mafuta
lucid	lucid
luck	mwayi
luckiest	zopanda phindu
lucky	mwayi
luckygirl	mtsikana wachinyamata
lucrative	zopindulitsa
ludicrous	zovuta
lug	chikwama
luggage	katundu
lukewarm	ofunda
lull	lull
lullaby	chilonda
lumbar	lumbar
lumber	matabwa
lumbering	kulanda
lumberjack	lumberjack
luminescent	luminescent
luminous	kuwala
lump	mtanda
lumpy	lumpy
lunacy	kudya
lunar	mwezi
lunatic	lunatic
lunch	chakudya chamadzulo
lunchbox	phukusi lankhomaliro
luncheon	chakudya chamadzulo
lunchtime	nthawi yankhomaliro
lung	mapapo
lunge	lunge
lungs	mapapo
lurch	sungani
lure	kukopa
lurid	lurid
lurk	lurk
lurking	akuyendayenda
luscious	zosangalatsa
lush	zosavuta
lust	chilakolako
luster	kukonda
lustful	zonyansa
lustrous	wokongola
lusty	zonyansa
lute	lute
luxuriant	zokongola
luxurious	zokongola
luxury	zokondweretsa
lycra	lycra
lye	lye
lying	kunama
lymph	Lymph
lymphatic	Lymphatic
lymphoma	lymphoma
lynch	lynch
lynching	lynching
lynx	lynx
lyre	lyre
lyric	nyimbo
lyrical	nyimbo
lyrics	nyimbo
macadamia	macadamia
macarena	macarena
macaroni	macaroni
mace	mace
mach	mach
machete	machete
machine	makina
machinery	makina
machinist	makina
macho	maso
mackerel	nsomba ya makerele
macro	macro
mad	opusa
madam	madam
madame	madame
madden	wamisala
madder	madder
mademoiselle	NO TRANSLATION
mademyday	mademyday
madhouse	madhouse
madman	wamisala
madness	misala
maestro	maestro
mafia	mafia
magazine	magazini
mage	mage
magenta	magenta
maggot	mphutsi
magic	matsenga
magical	zamatsenga
magician	wamatsenga
magistrate	woweruza milandu
magma	magma
magna	magna
magnate	magnate
magnesium	magnesiamu
magnet	magnet
magnetic	maginito
magnetism	magnetism
magnetite	magnetite
magnification	kukweza
magnificence	kukongola
magnificent	zokongola
magnifier	kukweza
magnify	kwezani
magnifying	kukweza
magnitude	kukula kwake
magnolia	magnolia
magpie	magpie
mahi mahi	NO TRANSLATION
mahjong	Mahjong
mahogany	mahogany
maid	mdzakazi
maiden	mtsikana
mail	imelo
mailbox	bokosi la makalata
mailing	kutumiza
mailman	mailman
maim	NO TRANSLATION
main	chachikulu
mainframe	mainframe
mainland	mainland
mainstay	chotsatira
mainstream	zovuta
maintain	sungani
maintenance	kusamalira
majestic	ulemu
majesty	ukulu
major	zazikulu
majority	ambiri
make	pangani
makeover	makeover
maker	wopanga
makeshift	zokonzeka
makesmehappy	NO TRANSLATION
makesmemad	NO TRANSLATION
makeup	makongoletsedwe
makingdisciples	NO TRANSLATION
malady	matenda
malaise	malaise
malaria	malungo
malarkey	malarkey
male	mwamuna
malevolent	zachiwawa
malfeasance	malfeasance
malformation	malformation
malfunction	wonongeka
malice	NO TRANSLATION
malicious	zoipa
malign	kunyoza
malignancy	malignancy
malignant	zovuta
maligned	zolakwika
mall	mall
malleable	zosasinthika
mallet	mallet
malnutrition	kusowa zakudya m'thupi
malpractice	zolakwika
malt	malt
mama	mayi
mambo	mfumu
mamma	NO TRANSLATION
mammal	zinyama
mammoth	mammoth
mammy	mayi
man	mwamuna
manage	sungani
manageable	zosamalidwa
management	kasamalidwe
manager	mtsogoleri
managerial	oyang'anira
mandamus	mandamus
mandarin	Chimandarini
mandate	udindo
mandatory	chovomerezeka
mandible	mandible
mandolin	mandolin
mandrel	mandrel
mane	NO TRANSLATION
maneuver	kuyendetsa
maneuvering	kuyendetsa
mange	NO TRANSLATION
manger	kudya
mangle	mangolo
mango	mango
mangosteen	mangosteen
mangy	mangy
manhole	manhole
manhood	umuna
manhunt	Manhunt
mania	mania
maniac	maniac
maniacal	kusokoneza
manic	manic
manicure	manicure
manicurist	manicurist
manifest	kuwonetseredwa
manifestation	mawonetseredwe
manifested	kuwonetseredwa
manifestly	mwachiwonetsero
manifesto	manifesto
manifold	zochuluka
manipulate	gwiritsani ntchito
manipulation	kusokoneza
manipulative	osamala
mankind	anthu
manly	mwamunthu
manna	manna
manned	anthu
mannequin	mannequin
manner	njira
mannered	mwambo
manners	miyambo
manor	manor
manpower	wogwira ntchito
mansion	nyumba
mansions	nyumba
manslaughter	kupha anthu
mantel	zovala
mantis	mantis
mantle	zovala
mantra	mantra
manual	Bukuli
manufacture	kupanga
manufacturer	wopanga
manufacturing	kupanga
manure	manyowa
manuscript	zolembedwera
map	mapu
maple	mapulo
mar	mar
marathon	marathon
marble	marble
marbled	kupweteka
marbles	miyala
march	kuyenda
mare	NO TRANSLATION
margarine	margarine
margarita	margarita
margin	malire
marginal	m'mphepete
mariachi	mariachi
marijuana	chamba
marinara	marinara
marine	nyanja
mariner	mariner
marital	ukwati
maritime	nyanja
mark	lembani
marked	chizindikiro
marker	chizindikiro
market	malonda
marketable	malonda
marketing	malonda
marketplace	pamsika
marks	zizindikiro
marksman	marker
marksmanship	zizindikiro
marl	mdima
marmalade	chiwonongeko
maroon	maroon
marooned	marooned
marquee	marquee
marquis	marquis
marred	zasokonezedwa
marriage	ukwati
married	okwatiwa
marrow	mafuta
marry	kukwatira
marsh	mtsinje
marshal	wokongola
marshmallow	mtambo
mart	mart
martial	nkhondo
martingale	martingale
martini	martini
martyr	wofera chikhulupiriro
martyrdom	kuphedwa
marvel	zodabwitsa
marvellous	zodabwitsa
marvelous	zodabwitsa
marvelously	zodabwitsa
marzipan	NO TRANSLATION
mascara	mascara
mascot	mascot
masculine	amuna
masculinity	masculinity
mash	phala
mashed	mashed
mask	maski
masked	atsekedwa
masks	masks
masochism	masochism
masochist	masochist
mason	masoni
masquerade	kusamala
mass	misa
massacre	kupha
massage	kusisita
masses	masses
masseur	masseur
masseuse	masseuse
massive	chachikulu
mast	mast
master	mbuye
masterful	mwaluso
mastermind	mtsogoleri
masterpiece	chaluso
mastery	kusamalira
masturbate	maliseche
masturbation	maliseche
mat	mat
matador	matador
match	samanitsani
matchbook	matchbook
matching	zofanana
matchmaker	matchmaker
mate	mnzanu
material	zakuthupi
materialism	kukonda chuma
materialist	wokonda zakuthupi
materialistic	kukonda chuma
materiality	zinthu zakuthupi
materialize	zikanike
materially	chuma
materials	zipangizo
materiel	katundu
maternal	amayi
maternity	kubereka
math	masamu
mathematical	masamu
mathematician	katswiri wa masamu
mathematics	masamu
matinee	matinee
mating	mating
matriculation	matriculation
matrimony	ukwati
matrix	matrix
matron	matron
matted	matted
matter	nkhani
matting	matting
mattress	mateti
maturation	kusasitsa
mature	okhwima
maturity	kukula
maudlin	maudlin
mausoleum	mausoleum
mauve	mauve
maverick	maverick
maxim	maxim
maximize	kuwonjezera
maximum	zapamwamba
may	mwina
mayday	zavuta
mayflower	mayflower
mayhem	mayhem
mayonnaise	mayonesi
mayor	meya
maze	maze
mead	mead
meadow	dambo
meager	ochepa
meal	chakudya
mean	tanthauzo
meander	meander
meandering	zovuta
meanie	meanie
meaning	tanthauzo
meaningful	zopindulitsa
meaningless	zopanda pake
meanness	chikhalidwe
means	amatanthauza
meantime	pakalipano
measles	chikuku
measurable	zowoneka
measure	chiyeso
measured	kuyeza
measurement	chiyeso
measuring	kuyesa
measuring cup	chikho choyezera
measuring tape	tepi yoyesera
meat	nyama
meatball	nyamaball
meathead	meathead
meatloaf	nyama ya nyama
mechanic	makaniki
mechanical	mawotchi
mechanics	makina
mechanism	mawonekedwe
med	NO TRANSLATION
medal	medal
medallion	medallion
medallist	medalist
meddle	sungani
meddling	kusinkhasinkha
media	zofalitsa
medial	wapakatikati
median	wapakatikati
mediate	tithandizani
mediation	chisamaliro
mediator	mkhalapakati
medic	mankhwala
medical	mankhwala
medicate	mankhwala
medication	mankhwala
medicinal	mankhwala
medicine	mankhwala
medieval	zaka zapakatikati
mediocre	mofanana
mediocrity	mediocrity
meditate	sinkhasinkha
meditating	kusinkhasinkha
meditation	kusinkhasinkha
meditative	kusinkhasinkha
mediterranean	Mediterranean
medium	zamkati
medley	medley
meek	ofatsa
meet	kukumana
meeting	msonkhano
mega	mega
meh	meh
melancholic	kusungunuka
melancholy	kusungunuka
melee	mzanga
mellow	wodekha
melodious	zosangalatsa
melodrama	melodrama
melodramatic	zojambula
melody	nyimbo
melon	Vwende
melt	sungunulani
meltdown	kusungunuka
melting	kusungunuka
member	membala
membership	umembala
membrane	membrane
memento	memento
memo	memo
memoir	memoir
memorabilia	zikumbutso
memorable	kukumbukira
memorandum	chikumbumtima
memorial	chikumbutso
memorials	kukumbukira
memories	kukumbukira
memoriesiwontforget	NO TRANSLATION
memorize	kuloweza pamtima
memory	kukumbukira
menace	chiopsezo
menacing	kuopseza
menagerie	menagerie
mend	konzani
mending	kukonza
menial	kuchepetsa
meningitis	meningitis
meniscus	meniscus
menopause	kusamba kwa mimba
menses	sungani
menstrual	kusamba
mental	maganizo
mentalhealth	NO TRANSLATION
mentality	maganizo
menthol	menthol
mention	tchulani
mentor	wothandizira
menu	menyu
meow	muyawo
mercantile	mercantile
mercenary	mercenary
merchandise	malonda
merchant	wamalonda
merciful	wachifundo
merciless	opanda chifundo
mercurial	mercurial
mercury	mercury
mercy	chifundo
mere	chabe
merengue	merengue
merge	kuphatikiza
merger	mgwirizano
meridian	meridian
meridional	meridional
meringue	meringue
merit	ubwino
meritorious	zopanda pake
mermaid	chisomo
merriment	chisangalalo
merry	osangalala
merrychristmas	NO TRANSLATION
mesa	mesa
mescaline	mescaline
mesh	mesh
meshes	meshes
mesmerized	amachiritsidwa
mess	chisokonezo
message	uthenga
messedup	NO TRANSLATION
messenger	mthenga
messiah	mesiya
messy	zosokoneza
metabolic	zamagetsi
metabolism	mitsempha yamatenda
metal	chitsulo
metallic	zitsulo
metallurgy	malingaliro
metamorphosis	kusokoneza thupi
metaphor	fanizo
metaphorical	zojambula
metaphysical	zofikira
metaphysics	zofikira
metastasis	metastasis
meteor	meteor
meteoric	meteoric
meteorite	meteorite
meteorological	nyengo
meteorology	meteorology
meter	mita
meth	meth
methadone	methadone
methane	methane
methanol	methanol
method	njira
methodical	methodical
methodology	njira
meticulous	mosamala
metime	nthawi
metric	miyala
metrical	zamatala
metrology	metrology
metropolis	metropolis
metropolitan	mzinda
mettle	ziphuphu
mew	mew
mezzanine	mezzanine
mica	mica
mick	khala
micro	micro
microbe	tizilombo toyambitsa matenda
microbiology	tizilombo toyambitsa matenda
microchip	microchip
microcosm	microcosm
microfilm	microfilm
microgram	microgram
micrometer	micrometer
micron	micron
microphone	maikolofoni
microscope	microscope
microscopic	zochepa kwambiri
microscopically	microscopically
microscopy	kusakanikirana ndi microscopy
microwave	microwave
mid	pakati
midair	midair
midday	masana
middle	pakati
middleman	middleman
middleweight	pakatikati
midget	midget
midland	midland
midlife	midlife
midline	midline
midnight	pakati pausiku
midshipman	mzimayi
midst	pakati
midsummer	midsummer
midterm	pakatikati
midtown	midtown
midway	midway
midwife	mzamba
midwifery	midwifery
mien	NO TRANSLATION
miffed	miffed
mighty	wamphamvu
mignon	mignon
migraine	migraine
migrate	kusamuka
migration	kusamuka
migratory	zosamukira
mike	mike
mil	NO TRANSLATION
mild	wofatsa
mildew	mildew
mildness	kufatsa
mile	male
mileage	mileage
milestone	chofunika kwambiri
militant	msilikali
militants	asilikali
military	asilikali
militia	asilikali
milk	mkaka
milkman	milkman
milkshake	chakumwa chamkaka
milky	zokoma
mill	mphero
millennium	mileniamu
milligram	milligram
millimeter	millimeter
million	miliyoni
millionaire	mamiliyoni
millionth	milioni
millstone	mphero
mime	mime
mimic	kutsanzira
mimicking	kumatsanzira
mimicry	mimicry
mince	mince
mincemeat	mincemeat
mind	maganizo
minded	maganizo
mindful	kukumbukira
mindfulness	kusamala
mindless	opanda nzeru
mine	zanga
minefield	minefield
miner	wosungira minda
mineral	mineral
mineralogy	mineralogy
mingle	kusakaniza
mingled	zosakanikirana
mini	mini
miniature	kakang'ono
minibus	minibus
minim	NO TRANSLATION
minimal	zochepa
minimize	kuchepetsa
minimized	kuchepetsedwa
minimum	zochepa
mining	migodi
minion	minion
minister	mtumiki
ministerial	utumiki
ministry	utumiki
minivan	minivan
mink	mink
minnow	minnow
minor	ochepa
minority	ochepa
minstrel	sing'anga
mint	timbewu
minty	zabwino
minuscule	zochepa
minute	mphindi
minutiae	minutiae
minx	minx
mir	NO TRANSLATION
miracle	chozizwitsa
miracles	zozizwitsa
miraculous	chozizwitsa
mirage	mirage
mire	NO TRANSLATION
mirror	galasi
mirth	kusangalala
misappropriation	kugwiritsa ntchito molakwa
misbehave	kusokoneza
misbehavior	khalidwe loipa
miscalculation	miscalculation
miscarriage	kutaya padera
miscellaneous	zosiyana
miscellany	miscellany
mischief	kufuntha
mischievous	zovuta
misconception	malingaliro olakwika
misconduct	kulakwitsa
misdemeanor	zolakwika
misdirection	kusokonezeka
miser	masautso
miserable	zomvetsa chisoni
miserably	zomvetsa chisoni
misery	zowawa
misfire	kusokoneza
misfit	osayenera
misfortune	zovuta
misguided	NO TRANSLATION
mishap	kusokonezeka
misinformed	osamveketsedwa
misinterpretation	kutanthauzira molakwika
mislead	kusocheretsa
misleading	kusocheretsa
misled	anasocheretsedwa
mismanagement	kusayendetsa bwino
mismatch	zolakwika
mismatched	zosafanana
misnomer	kusokoneza
misplace	misplace
misplaced	zolakwika
misread	molakwika
misrepresent	amanenera molakwika
misrepresentation	malingaliro olakwika
misrepresented	amanenedwa molakwika
miss	akusowa
missile	misisi
missiles	mipu
missing	akusowa
missingyou	NO TRANSLATION
mission	ntchito
missionary	amishonale
misspell	zopanda pake
misstatement	kusokoneza
missy	akusowa
mist	mphutsi
mistake	kulakwa
mistaken	zolakwitsa
mister	bambo
mistletoe	mistletoe
mistreated	akuzunzidwa
mistress	mbuye
mistrial	zolakwika
mistrust	kusakhulupirira
misty	zolakwika
misunderstand	osamvetsetsa
misunderstanding	kusamvetsetsana
misunderstood	osamvetsetsedwa
misuse	kugwiritsa ntchito molakwa
mite	mite
miter	mitambo
mitigate	kuchepetsa
mitigating	kuchepetsa
mitigation	kuchepetsa
mitt	mitt
mitten	NO TRANSLATION
mitzvah	mitzvah
mix	Sakanizani
mixed	zosakaniza
mixedemotions	zosokoneza
mixer	chosakaniza
mixture	osakaniza
mnemonic	mnemonic
moan	kudandaula
moat	moti
mob	gulu
mobile	mafoni
mobility	kuyenda
mobilization	Kulimbikitsa
mobilize	kusonkhanitsani
mobster	mobster
mocha	mocha
mock	onyoza
mocked	kunyozedwa
mockery	kuseka
mocking	kunyoza
mockingbird	mockingbird
mod	mod
modal	modal
modality	miyambo
mode	mawonekedwe
model	chitsanzo
modeler	modeler
modeling	kuwonetsa
modem	modem
moderate	moyenera
moderate anticipation	kuyembekezera mwachidwi
moderate disgust	kunyansidwa
moderate negative	zoipa zochepa
moderate positive	zosangalatsa zabwino
moderate surprise	kudabwa modabwitsa
moderate trust	kukhulupirirana pang'ono
moderately	moyenera
moderating	kusinthasintha
moderation	kuchepetsa
moderator	woyang'anira
modern	zamakono
modernism	zamakono
modest	wodzichepetsa
modesty	kudzichepetsa
modicum	modicum
modifiable	zosinthika
modification	kusintha
modified	zasinthidwa
modify	sintha
modulate	sungani bwino
modulation	kusinthasintha
module	gawo
modulus	modulus
mogul	mogul
moiety	magawo
moist	lonyowa
moisture	chinyezi
moisturizer	moisturizer
molar	molar
molasses	molasses
mold	nkhungu
molded	zojambulidwa
molding	kuumba
moldy	moldy
mole	mole
molecular	maselo
molecule	molecule
molest	mwano
molestation	chiwonongeko
molester	molester
molten	zasungunuka
mom	mayi
moment	mphindi
momentary	nthawi yayitali
momentous	chofunika kwambiri
momentum	msanga
momma	momma
mommy	amayi
monad	monad
monarch	mfumu
monarchy	ufumu
monastery	nyumba ya amonke
monastic	monastic
monetary	ndalama
money	ndalama
mongoloid	mongoloid
mongoose	mongofu
mongrel	mongrel
monitor	kufufuza
monk	monki
monkey	monkey
mono	NO TRANSLATION
monochrome	monochrome
monogamous	osakwatira
monogamy	kugonana kwaokha
monogram	monogram
monogrammed	zogwirizana kwambiri
monograph	zojambulajambula
monolayer	wopepuka
monolith	monolith
monologue	monologue
monopolist	wodzipereka yekha
monopoly	wodzipereka
monotonous	osasamala
monotony	chithunzithunzi
monoxide	monoxide
monsieur	monsieur
monsoon	monsoon
monster	monster
monstrosity	monstrosity
monstrous	wosasangalatsa
montage	mapulogalamu
monte	monte
month	mwezi
monthly	mwezi uliwonse
monument	chophimba
monumental	monumental
moo	komwe
mooch	mooch
mood	maganizo
moods	maganizo
moody	moody
moon	mwezi
moonbeam	moonbeam
moonlight	kuwala kwa mwezi
moonlit	mwezi
moonshine	moonshine
moonstruck	moonstruck
moonwalk	mweziwalk
moor	moor
moored	atasokonezeka
mooring	kukonda
moorings	moorings
moorland	moorland
moose	ntchentche
moot	moot
mooted	osokonezeka
mop	mop
mope	mope
moped	moped
moral	makhalidwe
morale	makhalidwe
morality	makhalidwe abwino
morals	makhalidwe
morass	morass
moratorium	kusokoneza
moray	makhalidwe
morbid	zovuta
morbidity	matenda
morbidness	matenda
mores	zosangalatsa
morgue	chisokonezo
moribund	zovuta
morn	mmawa
morning	m'mawa
moron	chitserekwete
moronic	moronic
morose	kukonda
morph	morph
morphine	morphine
morphism	morphism
morphology	morphology
morrow	mawa
morsel	chidutswa
mortal	zakufa
mortality	kufa
mortar	matope
mortgage	kubwereka
mortgagee	mortgagee
mortgagor	mortgagor
mortician	wokonda zamakhalidwe
mortification	kusokoneza
mortified	amamenyedwa
mortuary	malo osungira
mosaic	zojambulajambula
mosey	wothandizira
mosque	mzikiti
mosquito	udzudzu
moss	moss
mossy	mossy
mote	NO TRANSLATION
motel	motel
moth	njenjete
mother	mayi
motherfucker	motherfucker
motherfucking	motherfucking
motherhood	mayi
motherland	motherland
motherless	opanda amayi
motherly	mayi
motif	zosangalatsa
motion	kuyenda
motionless	osayendayenda
motivate	zimalimbikitsa
motivating	zolimbikitsa
motivation	zolimbikitsa
motivational	zolimbikitsa
motive	cholinga
motley	motley
motor	magalimoto
motorbike	njinga yamoto
motorboat	njinga yamoto
motorcade	motorcade
motorcar	motorcar
motorcycle	njinga yamoto
motorist	wopalasita
motte	motte
mottled	mottled
motto	chinenero
mould	nkhungu
mound	chitunda
mount	phiri
mountain	phiri
mountaineer	phiri
mountainous	mapiri
mountains	mapiri
mountaintop	phiri
mourn	kulira
mournful	olira
mourning	kulira
mouse	mbewa
mousetrap	phokoso lamagulu
mousse	mousse
moustache	ndevu zapamphuno
mousy	msuzi
mouth	mkamwa
mouthful	kamvekedwe
mouthpiece	wolankhula
mouthwash	mouthwash
movable	zosangalatsa
move	kusuntha
movement	kuyenda
mover	wosuntha
movie	kanema
movies	mafilimu
moving	kusuntha
movingforward	NO TRANSLATION
movingon	movingon
mow	sungani
mower	mower
moxie	moxie
mozzarella	mozzarella
mri	mri
muchneeded	NO TRANSLATION
mucis	NO TRANSLATION
muck	muck
mucked	anadodometsa
mucous	mucous
mucus	mucus
mud	matope
muddle	kudula
muddled	muddled
muddy	matope
muff	muff
muffin	muffin
muffled	osokonezeka
muffler	muffler
mug	mugulu
mugger	mugger
mulberry	mabulosi
mulch	mulch
mule	mule
mull	mull
mullet	mullet
multilateral	zogwirizana
multimedia	multimedia
multinational	mitundu yambiri
multiple	ambiri
multiple sclerosis	multiple sclerosis
multiplex	multiplex
multiplication	kuchulukitsa
multiplicity	kuchuluka
multiplied	wochulukitsidwa
multiplier	kuwonjezera
multiply	wonjezerani
multitude	khamu
mum	mum
mumble	mumve
mumbo	mumbo
mummy	mumayi
mumps	mitsempha
munch	munch
munchies	munchies
munchkin	munchkin
mundane	mundane
municipal	komiti
municipality	makilomita
mural	mural
murder	kupha
murderer	wakupha
murderess	kupha
murderous	wakupha
murky	mdima
murmur	kung'ung'udza
muscle	minofu
muscular	muscular
muse	muse
muses	muses
museum	Musamuziyamu
mush	NO TRANSLATION
mushroom	bowa
mushy	mushy
music	nyimbo
musical	nyimbo
musician	woimba
musing	musing
musk	musk
musket	musket
musketeer	musketeer
muskrat	muskrat
muslin	muslin
muss	NO TRANSLATION
must	ayenera
mustang	mustang
mustard	mpiru
muster	muster
musty	musty
mutable	zosintha
mutant	mutant
mutate	mutate
mutation	kusintha
mute	osalankhula
muted	zamasulidwa
mutilate	mimba
mutilated	ziwaloledwa
mutilation	kudulidwa
mutiny	mutiny
mutt	mutt
mutter	NO TRANSLATION
mutton	mutton
mutual	pamodzi
mutually	mofanana
muzzle	muzembera
myfavorite	yokondwedwa
myopia	myopia
myopic	myopic
myriad	miyandamiyanda
mysterious	zodabwitsa
mystery	chinsinsi
mystic	zamatsenga
mystical	zopeka
mysticism	zinsinsi
mystified	wodalirika
mystique	mystique
myth	nthano
mythic	zongopeka
mythical	nthano
mythological	nthano
mythology	nthano
nab	nab
nacho	nacho
nada	NO TRANSLATION
nadir	ndidir
nag	NO TRANSLATION
nail	msomali
nail gun	msomali wa msomali
naive	naive
naked	wamaliseche
nakedness	wamaliseche
namaste	NO TRANSLATION
name	dzina
named	wotchulidwa
nameless	dzina lake
namesake	mayina
naming	kutchula
nana	nana
nanny	nanny
nanometer	nanometer
nap	pita
napalm	phulusa
nape	nape
napkin	chopukutira
napping	kugona
nappy	sintha
narcissism	nkhanza
narcissist	wamatsutsa
narcissistic	ndondomeko
narcotic	mankhwala osokoneza bongo
narrate	tchulani
narration	ndemanga
narrative	nkhani
narrator	wolemba nkhani
narrow	zochepa
narrowing	zochepa
nasal	nasal
nascent	nascent
nasty	zovuta
natal	kubereka
nation	fuko
national	dziko
nationality	dziko
nationwide	m'dziko lonse lapansi
native	mbadwa
nativity	kubadwa
natural	zachilengedwe
natural gas	gasi lachilengedwe
naturalist	chilengedwe
naturalization	chikhalidwe
naturalized	mwachibadwa
naturally	mwachibadwa
nature	chilengedwe
naught	zopanda pake
naughty	osayenerera
nausea	kunyoza
nauseate	kunyoza
nauseating	kunyoza
nauseous	zosautsa
nautical	ndiutical
nautilus	nautilus
naval	ankhondo
nave	Nave
navel	ndivel
navigable	kuyenda
navigate	yendani
navigation	kuyenda
navigational	kuyenda
navigator	woyendetsa
navy	navy
nay	NO TRANSLATION
nearsighted	pafupisighted
neat	zabwino
neatly	mwabwino
nebula	nebula
nebulae	nebulae
nebulous	zamwano
necessarily	ndithudi
necessary	zofunikira
necessitate	muyenera
necessities	zofunika
necessity	zofunikira
neck	khosi
necklace	mkanda
necktie	khosi
necromancer	nthromancer
necrosis	necrosis
nectar	timadzi tokoma
need	zosowa
needalife	NO TRANSLATION
needed	zofunikira
needful	zofunikira
needit	NO TRANSLATION
needle	singano
needlepoint	chosowa
needles	singano
needless	zosowa
needtoknow	zofunikira
needtorelax	NO TRANSLATION
needy	osowa
nefarious	osasamala
negation	kunyalanyaza
negative	zoipa
negativity	kusasamala
neglect	kunyalanyaza
neglected	kunyalanyazidwa
neglecting	kunyalanyaza
negligee	negligee
negligence	kunyalanyaza
negligent	kunyalanyaza
negligently	NO TRANSLATION
negligible	zopanda pake
negotiable	kukambirana
negotiate	kukambirana
negotiation	kukambirana
negotiator	negotiator
negro	zopanda pake
neigh	wokondedwa
neighbor	mnzako
neighborhood	Mdera
neighboring	oyandikana naye
nemesis	nemesis
neon	neon
neonatal	osamalidwa
neophyte	neophyte
neoprene	neoprene
nephew	mphwake
nepotism	malingaliro
nerd	nerd
nerdy	nerdy
nerve	mitsempha
nerves	mitsempha
nervous	mantha
nervousness	mantha
nervouswreck	NO TRANSLATION
nervy	NO TRANSLATION
ness	ness
nest	chisa
nestle	nestle
nestling	nestling
net	malonda
nether	pansi
netting	netting
nettle	nettle
network	malonda
networking	malonda
neural	neural
neuralgia	neuralgia
neurological	maganizo
neurologist	katswiri wa zamagulu
neurology	neurology
neurosis	neurosis
neurosurgeon	neurosurgeon
neurosurgery	nthenda zamakono
neurotic	neurotic
neuter	neuter
neutral	kulowerera ndale
neutrality	kulowerera ndale
neutralize	sungani
neutron	neutron
new	chatsopano
new age	zaka zatsopano
newbeginnings	NO TRANSLATION
newborn	mwana wakhanda
newcomer	watsopano
newday	tsiku latsopano
newfound	chatsopano
newjob	NO TRANSLATION
newlife	zatsopano
newly	posachedwa
newlywed	mwatsopano
newme	mwatsopano
newness	atsopano
news	nkhani
newscast	zofalitsidwa
newscaster	nkhani
newsflash	nkhani
newsletter	ndondomeko yamakalata
newsman	newsman
newspaper	nyuzipepala
newspaperman	newspapers
newsreel	wamalonda
newsroom	nyumba yamakono
newsstand	makanema
newstart	chipinda chatsopano
newt	newt
newyear	NO TRANSLATION
nexus	malingaliro
nib	nib
nibble	nibble
nice	zabwino
niche	niche
nichts	NO TRANSLATION
nick	nick
nickel	nickel
nickname	dzina lakutchulidwa
nicotine	chikonga
niece	mwana wamwamuna
nifty	nifty
nigger	nigger
nigh	pafupi
night	usiku
nightcap	usikucap
nightclub	kanyumba ka usiku
nightfall	usiku
nightgown	usiku
nightie	nightie
nightingale	usikuingale
nightlife	moyo wa usiku
nightly	usiku
nightmare	zowawa
nightmares	zoopsa
nightstand	usiku
nightstick	usikutick
nighttime	nthawi yamadzulo
nihilism	nihilism
nil	nil
nimble	nimble
nimrod	nimrod
nincompoop	nincompoop
nine	zisanu ndi zinayi
nineteen	khumi ndi zisanu ndi anayi
ninety	makumi asanu ndi anayi
ninja	ninja
ninny	ninth
nintendo	nintendo
ninth	chachisanu ndi chinayi
nip	sokonezani
nipper	woponya
nipple	msuzi
nippy	osasangalatsa
nitrate	nitrate
nitro	nitro
nitrogen	nitrojeni
nitrous	nitrous
nitwit	nitwit
nix	nix
no anticipation	palibe kuyembekezera
no disgust	palibe kunyansidwa
no emotion	palibe kutengeka
no sentiment	palibe maganizo
no surprise	palibe zodabwitsa
no trust	palibe kukhulupirira
nobility	olemekezeka
noble	wolemekezeka
nobleman	wolemekezeka
nobodycares	NO TRANSLATION
nocomplaints	NO TRANSLATION
nocturnal	madzulo
nod	nod
nodding	kuvuta
node	mfundo
nodular	nodular
nodule	mimba
noggin	noggin
nohope	NO TRANSLATION
noir	wakuda
noise	phokoso
noisy	phokoso
nomad	nomad
nomadic	osayendayenda
nomenclature	nomenclature
nominal	dzina lake
nominate	sankhani
nomination	kusankhidwa
nominee	wosankhidwa
nonce	osce
nonchalant	osakhazikika
noncompliance	osamvera
nondescript	nondescript
nonexistent	palibe
nonfat	nonfat
nonfiction	osasamala
nonpayment	malipiro opanda malipiro
nonresident	wosakhalitsa
nonsense	zopanda pake
nonsensical	nonsensical
nonviolent	osasamala
noob	nyawani
noodle	Zakudyazi
nook	nook
noon	masana
noose	nthano
nopoint	NO TRANSLATION
noregrets	NO TRANSLATION
norm	chizolowezi
normal	zachibadwa
normalcy	mwachibadwa
normality	mwachizolowezi
north	kumpoto
northbound	kumpoto
northeast	kumpoto chakum'mawa
northern	kumpoto
northwest	kumpoto chakumadzulo
northwestern	kumpoto chakumadzulo
noschool	NO TRANSLATION
nose	mphuno
nosebleed	mphuno
nosey	nosy
nosnow	nosnow
nostalgia	chisangalalo
nostalgic	nostalgic
nostress	NO TRANSLATION
nostril	mphuno
nosun	NO TRANSLATION
nosy	nosy
not negative	osati zoipa
not positive	osati zabwino
notable	zochititsa chidwi
notables	zochititsa chidwi
notably	makamaka
notamorningperson	NO TRANSLATION
notary	katswiri
notation	ndemanga
notch	zolemba
notched	sizinapangidwe
note	Zindikirani
notebook	zolemba
noted	adatchulidwa
noteworthy	zochititsa chidwi
nothappy	NO TRANSLATION
nothingbetter	NO TRANSLATION
nothingness	zopanda pake
notice	zindikirani
noticeable	zooneka
notification	chidziwitso
notify	dziwani
notion	lingaliro
notional	zosangalatsa
notoriety	kudziwika
notorious	wotchuka kwambiri
notready	osatiready
notwithstanding	ngakhalebe
nought	zopanda pake
noun	dzina
nourish	amadyetsa
nourishment	chakudya
nouveau	NO TRANSLATION
novel	bukuli
novelist	wolemba mabuku
novelty	zachilendo
novice	woyang'anira
nowadays	lero
nowork	chochita
noworries	Osadandaula
noxious	noxious
nozzle	mphutsi
nuance	mawonekedwe
nuances	zovuta
nuclear	nyukiliya
nucleus	nucleus
nude	nude
nudge	nudge
nudie	nudie
nudist	nudist
nudity	uve
nugget	nugget
nuisance	zovuta
nuke	nuke
nul	NO TRANSLATION
null	Palibe
nullify	kusokoneza
numb	wathanzi
number	nambala
numbering	kuwerengera
numbers	nambala
numbness	kusowa
numbskull	nambala
numeral	nambala
numerator	nambala
numerical	nambala
numerically	nambala
numerous	ambiri
nun	NO TRANSLATION
nunchucks	nunchucks
nunnery	chisokonezo
nuptials	zopanda pake
nurse	namwino
nursemaid	namwino
nursery	mazala
nursing	kuyamwitsa
nurture	kulera
nut	nati
nutcase	nutcase
nutcracker	nutcracker
nuthouse	osasunthika
nutmeg	nutmeg
nutrition	zakudya
nutritional	zakudya
nutritious	wathanzi
nutritive	zakudya zopatsa thanzi
nuts	mtedza
nutshell	tsatanetsatane
nutty	nutty
nylon	nylon
nylong	NO TRANSLATION
nylons	nyloni
nymph	nymph
nymphomaniac	nymphomaniac
oaf	oaf
oak	thundu
oar	oar
oasis	oasis
oat	oat
oath	kulumbira
oatmeal	oatmeal
obedience	kumvera
obedient	omvera
obediently	kumvera
obelisk	obelisk
obese	ochepa kwambiri
obesity	kunenepa kwambiri
obey	mverani
obi	obi
obit	obit
obituary	obituary
object	chinthu
objection	kukana
objectionable	zosayenera
objective	cholinga
objectivity	zolinga
obligation	udindo
obligatory	choyenera
oblige	muzitsatira
obliged	akuyenera
obliging	chokakamiza
obligor	womvera
oblique	oblique
obliterate	kuwononga
obliterated	ochotsedwa
obliteration	kuwonongedwa
oblivion	zindikirani
oblivious	osadziwika
oblong	oblong
obnoxious	zosautsa
oboe	oboe
obscene	zonyansa
obscenity	kunyada
obscure	zosaoneka
obscured	chobisika
obscurity	chisokonezo
observance	mwambo
observant	zochitika
observation	kuyang'ana
observatory	chowonetserako
observe	zindikirani
observer	wosamala
observing	kuwona
obsess	zovuta
obsessed	osaganizira
obsessing	kuganizira
obsession	zovuta
obsessive	zovuta
obsolescence	obsolescence
obsolete	osatha
obstacle	cholepheretsa
obstetrician	katswiri wamagetsi
obstetrics	zovuta
obstinate	ovuta
obstruct	ziletsa
obstruction	kudziletsa
obstructive	zolepheretsa
obtain	tipeze
obtainable	zopezeka
obtuse	amavuta
obverse	zovuta
obvious	zoonekeratu
ocarina	ocarina
occasion	nthawi
occasional	nthawi zina
occasionally	nthawi zina
occipital	occipital
occlusion	kusokonezeka
occult	zamatsenga
occupancy	kukhalamo
occupant	kukhala
occupation	ntchito
occupational	ntchito
occupied	atagwidwa
occupier	kugwira
occupy	kugwira ntchito
occupying	kugwira ntchito
occur	zimachitika
occurrence	zochitika
ocd	ocd
ocean	nyanja
oceanic	nyanja ya nyanja
octagon	octagon
octave	octave
octopus	okutapasi
ocular	ocular
odd	zosamvetseka
oddball	oddball
oddity	zodabwitsa
odds	zovuta
ode	ode
odious	odyetsa
odometer	odometer
odor	zonunkhira
odyssey	odyssey
oedipal	oedipal
oestrogen	estrogen
oeuvre	NO TRANSLATION
offal	zolakwika
offence	chokhumudwitsa
offend	akukhumudwitsa
offended	anakhumudwitsidwa
offender	wolakwira
offense	chokhumudwitsa
offensive	chokhumudwitsa
offer	kupereka
offered	anapereka
offering	kupereka
offhand	zosokoneza
office	ofesi
officer	msilikali
offices	maofesi
official	boma
officiate	otsogolera
offing	kupereka
offload	kuchotsa
offset	kuthetsa
offshoot	offshoot
offshore	kumtunda
offside	kumbali
offspring	ana
oft	kawirikawiri
oftentimes	nthawi zambiri
ogre	ogre
ohdear	NO TRANSLATION
ohgod	NO TRANSLATION
ohno	ohno
ohshit	NO TRANSLATION
oil	mafuta
oils	mafuta
oily	mafuta
oink	oink
ointment	mafuta
okra	okra
old	zakale
olden	zakale
older	wachikulire
oldie	oldie
oldies	oldies
olfactory	zosavuta
oligarchy	oligarchy
olive	azitona
omega	omega
omelet	omelet
omen	zindikirani
omgomgomg	NO TRANSLATION
ominous	zoopsa
omission	kusala
omit	siyani
omitted	anasiya
omnibus	omnibus
omnipotence	Mphamvu zonse
omnipotent	Wamphamvuyonse
omnipresent	kulikonse
omniscient	osadziŵa zonse
onboard	akwera
oncologist	oncologist
oncology	oncology
oncoming	kubwera
one	imodzi
oneday	NO TRANSLATION
onedge	onedge
onelove	chikondi chimodzi
oneness	umodzi
onerous	zovuta
oneself	wekha
ongoing	nthawi zonse
onion	anyezi
onset	ayambe
onslaught	kuphwanya
onstage	pa nsanja
ontology	maumboni
onus	onus
onward	kupita patsogolo
onyx	onyx
oodles	oodles
oomph	oomph
ooze	tuluka
oozing	kuthamanga
op	op
opacity	opacity
opal	opal
opaque	opaque
ope	ope
open	kutseguka
opener	opener
opening	kutsegula
openly	poyera
openness	kutsegula
opera	opera
operate	ntchito
operatic	ntchito
operation	ntchito
operational	ntchito
operations	ntchito
operative	ntchito
operator	woyendetsa
ophthalmic	ophthalmic
ophthalmologist	ophthalmologist
opiate	opiate
opinion	maganizo
opinionated	maganizo
opium	opiamu
opponent	mdani
opportune	yoyenera
opportunism	mwayi
opportunity	mwayi
oppose	kutsutsa
opposed	otsutsa
opposing	kutsutsa
opposite	chosiyana
opposites	zosiyana
opposition	otsutsa
oppress	kupondereza
oppressed	oponderezedwa
oppression	kuponderezedwa
oppressive	opondereza
oppressor	wopondereza
ops	ops
opt	sankhani
optic	optic
optical	optical
optics	optics
optimism	chiyembekezo
optimist	chiyembekezo
optimistic	chiyembekezo
optimum	optimum
option	zosankha
optional	zosankha
optionally	mwina
options	zosankha
optometrist	optometrist
opulence	opulence
opulent	opulent
opus	opus
oracle	mwambo
oral	pakamwa
orange	lalanje
orange juice	msuzi wamalalanje
orangutan	orangutan
oration	chiganizo
orator	mlaliki
oratory	zolemba
orb	orb
orbit	orbit
orbital	zovuta
orbiting	kuzungulira
orbs	orbs
orc	orc
orchard	munda wobzala
orchestra	orchestra
orchid	orchid
ordained	anaikidwa
ordeal	mavuto
order	dongosolo
orderly	mwadongosolo
ordinance	malamulo
ordinary	wamba
ordination	kukonzedwa
ordnance	malamulo
ore	ore
oregano	oregano
organ	organ
organic	organic
organism	organism
organist	organist
organization	bungwe
organize	konzani
organized	adakonzedwa
organizer	wosamalira
orgasm	orgasm
orgies	malingaliro
orgy	malonda
orient	zolowera
oriental	kum'mawa
orientation	malingaliro
orifice	malo
origami	origami
origin	chiyambi
original	choyambirira
originality	chiyambi
originate	zimayambira
origination	chiyambi
originator	woyambitsa
ornament	zokongoletsera
ornamental	zokongola
ornamentation	zokongoletsera
ornamented	ornamented
ornate	zokongola
ornery	ubongo
orphan	mwana wamasiye
orphanage	ana amasiye
orphaned	amasiye
orthodontist	orthodontist
orthodox	orthodox
orthodoxy	othothoxy
orthogonal	zovuta
orthopedic	mafupa
oscillate	oscillate
oscillating	oscillating
oscillation	oscillation
oscillatory	oscillatory
ostensible	osakayikira
ostensibly	mosamala
ostentatious	ostentatious
ostracized	ochotsedwa
ostrich	nthiwatiwa
other	zina
otter	otter
otto	otto
ottoman	ottoman
ought	muyenera
ounce	ounce
oust	kuchotsa
outage	kuchoka
outback	kunja
outbid	kutaya
outboard	kunja
outbreak	kuphulika
outburst	kupsa mtima
outcast	osokonezeka
outcome	zotsatira
outcry	kulira
outdated	zosakhalitsa
outdo	outdo
outdoor	kunja
outdoors	kunja
outer	kunja
outfit	zovala
outgoing	kutuluka
outgrow	kutuluka
outgrowth	kunja
outhouse	m'nyumba
outing	kutuluka
outlandish	zachilengedwe
outlast	outlast
outlaw	wosamvera
outlet	malo
outline	ndondomeko
outlines	ndondomeko
outlive	kutuluka
outlook	mawonekedwe
outlying	kutsogolo
outnumber	kupitirira
outpatient	odwala
outpost	malo otsika
outpouring	kutsanulira
output	zotsatira
outrage	mkwiyo
outraged	wokwiya
outrageous	woopsa
outrank	kunja
outreach	kufalitsa
outright	mwachindunji
outrun	kutuluka
outset	pachiyambi
outsider	kunja
outskirts	kunja
outsmart	kutuluka kunja
outspoken	kulankhula momveka bwino
outstanding	zosangalatsa
outstretched	kutambasulidwa
outward	kunja
outwards	kunja
outweigh	kupitirira
outwit	kusokoneza
oval	oval
ovary	ovary
ovate	ovate
ovation	ovation
oven	uvuni
overactive	kuchitapo kanthu
overall	onse
overalls	maofesi
overbearing	kudandaula
overburden	adzalandidwa
overcast	chisanu
overcharged	overloaded
overcoat	chovala
overcome	kugonjetsa
overcoming	kugonjetsa
overcrowded	oposa
overdo	overdo
overdose	overdose
overdrive	yowonjezereka
overdue	zatha
overestimate	overestimatetimate
overestimated	overestimated
overflow	kudula
overflowing	akusefukira
overgrown	oposa
overgrowth	kupitirira
overhanging	wochuluka
overhaul	kuwongolera
overhead	pamwamba
overhear	mvetserani
overheated	watenthedwa kwambiri
overjoyed	anasangalala kwambiri
overkill	inagwedezeka
overlaid	yophimbidwa
overlap	zimapitirira
overlapping	akugwedezeka
overlay	kuziphimba
overload	kulemetsa
overlook	samanyalanyaza
overlord	overlord
overlying	kupitirira malire
overpaid	zapidwa mopitirira malipiro
overpass	kudutsa
overplayed	zosawerengeka
overpower	kupambana
overpowering	kupambana
overpriced	zapitirira
overprotective	overprotective
overrated	yanyalanyaza
overreact	kusasamala
override	kudutsa
overriding	kupitirira
overrule	kusokoneza
overrun	kudutsa
oversee	kuyang'anira
overseer	woyang'anira
overshadow	akuphimba
oversight	kuyang'anira
oversized	oversized
overslept	overslept
overstate	overstate
overstock	zopitirira
overt	overt
overtake	tipeze
overtaken	atagwidwa
overthemoon	NO TRANSLATION
overthinker	overthinker
overthinking	kuganiza mopitilira muyeso
overthrow	kugonjetsa
overtime	popita nthawi
overtired	atagwedezeka
overture	kudutsa
overturn	kugwedeza
overview	mwachidule
overweight	onenepa kwambiri
overwhelm	kupirira
overwhelmed	wadwala
overwhelming	zovuta
overworked	akugwira ntchito mopitirira malire
overwrought	overwrought
overzealous	overzealous
owe	ngongole
owing	kulipira
owl	kadzidzi
owner	mwini
ownership	umwini
ox	ng'ombe
oxidation	okosijeni
oxide	oksidi
oxygen	mpweya
oxymoron	oxymoron
oyster	oyisitara
ozone	ozoni
pace	kuyenda
pacemaker	pacemaker
pacific	pacific
pacified	mwamtendere
pacifier	pacifier
pacifist	pacifist
pacify	mutonthoza
pacing	kusinthasintha
pack	phukusi
package	phukusi
packaging	kupaka
packer	phukusi
packet	pakiti
pact	mgwirizano
pad	pedi
padded	padded
padding	padding
paddle	paddle
paddle boat	paddle bwato
paddock	paddock
paddy	paddy
padlock	phokoso
padre	NO TRANSLATION
paean	paean
pagan	wachikunja
paganism	chikunja
page	tsamba
pageant	pageant
pager	pager
pagination	kupembedza
paging	kupembedza
pagoda	pagoda
pail	peya
pain	ululu
pained	zowawa
painful	zowawa
painfully	zowawa
painkiller	painkiller
painless	zopweteka
pains	ululu
painstaking	zovuta
paint	pepala
paintball	paintball
paintbrush	bulashi
painted	zojambula
painter	wojambula
painting	kupenta
pair	awiri
paisley	paisley
pajama	pajama
pajamas	pajamas
pal	pal
palace	nyumba yachifumu
palatable	zosangalatsa
palate	palate
pale	wotumbululuka
paleontology	paleontology
palette	peyala
pall	pall
palladium	palladium
pallet	palulo
palliative	zolimbitsa thupi
palm	kanjedza
palmer	kanjedza
palomino	palomino
palpable	palpable
palpitations	palpitation
palsy	wodwala ziwalo
paltry	paltry
pamper	pamper
pamphlet	pamapepala
pan	poto
panacea	panacea
panache	panache
pancake	pancake
pancakes	zikondamoyo
pancreas	makoswe
panda	panda
pandemic	mliri
pandemonium	pandemonium
pane	pane
panel	gulu
pang	NO TRANSLATION
panhandle	panhandle
panic	mantha
panicattack	NO TRANSLATION
panicked	amanjenjemera
panicking	akudandaula
panicky	mantha
panier	NO TRANSLATION
panorama	panorama
panoramic	panoramic
pansy	pansy
pant	pant
pantheon	pantheon
panther	panther
panties	zikondwerero
pantomime	pantomime
pantry	pantry
pants	mathalauza
panty	panty
pantyhose	pantyhose
pap	papepala
papa	bambo
papacy	mapapa
papal	NO TRANSLATION
papaya	Papaya
paper	pepala
paperback	pepala
paperboy	wolemba mapepala
paperweight	mapepala
paperwork	mapepala
paprika	paprika
papyrus	gumbwa
par	NO TRANSLATION
parable	fanizo
parabola	fanizo
parabolic	zithunzithunzi
parachute	parachute
parade	chiwonongeko
paradigm	paradigm
paradise	paradaiso
paradox	zosokoneza
paradoxical	zodabwitsa
paraffin	parafini
paragon	paragon
paragraph	ndime
parakeet	parakeet
paralegal	wovomerezeka
parallax	parallax
parallel	kufanana
parallelism	kufanana
paralysis	Kufa ziwalo
paralyze	ziwalola
paralyzed	olumala
paramedic	zamalonda
paramedics	osowa mankhwala
paramilitary	omvera
paramount	chofunika kwambiri
paranoia	paranoia
paranoid	paranoid
paranormal	paranormal
parapet	parapet
paraphernalia	zowonjezera
paraphrase	kufotokozera
paraplegic	chimfine
parasite	tizilombo toyambitsa matenda
parasitic	parasitic
parasol	tizilombo toyambitsa matenda
parcel	gawo
parcels	mapapala
parched	wouma
parchment	zikopa
pardon	chikhululukireni
pare	NO TRANSLATION
parenchyma	parenchyma
parent	kholo
parentage	makolo
parental	makolo
parenthesis	NO TRANSLATION
parenthetical	zovomerezeka
parenthood	kukhala kholo
parenting	kulera ana
pariah	mantha
parietal	ndalama
paring	kufotokozera
parish	parishi
parity	mgwirizano
park	paki
parka	parka
parking	kupaka
parkinsons	parkinsons
parlance	parlance
parlay	chophimba
parliament	nyumba yamalamulo
parliamentary	nyumba yamalamulo
parlor	nyumba
parmesan	parmesan
parody	zojambulajambula
parole	parole
parquet	parquet
parrot	karoti
parry	parry
parse	ndime
parsimonious	zonyansa
parsimony	chiwonongeko
parsley	parsley
parson	parson
part	gawo
partake	kudya
partial	mopanda phindu
partiality	tsankho
partially	pang'ono
participant	wophunzira
participate	tenga nawo mbali
participation	kutenga nawo mbali
particle	tinthu
particular	makamaka
particularity	chidziwitso
particulars	mfundo
parting	kupatukana
partisan	wotsutsa
partisanship	chiyanjano
partition	magawo
partly	mbali
partner	mnzanga
partnership	mgwirizano
partridge	partridge
parts	magawo
party	phwando
pas	NO TRANSLATION
pass	kudutsa
passable	zosinthika
passage	ndime
passageway	njira
passe	NO TRANSLATION
passenger	wokwera
passim	NO TRANSLATION
passing	kudutsa
passion	chilakolako
passionate	wokonda
passive	osasamala
passivity	kusamvera
passkey	passkey
passport	pasipoti
password	chinsinsi
past	kale
pasta	pasta
paste	phala
pastel	pastel
pastime	nthawi yopuma
pastor	abusa
pastrami	pastrami
pastry	machira
pasture	msipu
pasty	Pasty
pat	pat
patch	chigamba
patchwork	patchwork
pate	pate
patella	patella
patent	patent
patented	wovomerezeka
paternal	makolo
paternity	achibale
path	njira
pathetic	wokhumudwitsa
pathological	pathological
pathologist	pathologist
pathology	matenda
pathos	NO TRANSLATION
pathway	njira
patience	kuleza mtima
patient	wodwala
patio	khonde
patriarch	kholo lakale
patriarchal	patriarchal
patrimony	phwando
patriot	wachikondi
patriotic	kukonda dziko
patriotism	kukonda dziko
patrol	patrol
patrolman	woyang'anira
patron	woyang'anira
patronage	patronage
patronising	patronizing
patronize	patronize
patronizing	patronizing
patter	patter
pattern	chitsanzo
paucity	kusowa
pauper	osauka
pause	pumulani
pave	yambani
pavement	msewu
pavilion	pavilion
paving	paving
paw	paw
pawn	pawn
pawnshop	pawnshop
pax	pax
pay	kulipira
payable	kulipira
payback	kubwezera
paycheck	kulipira
payday	payday
payer	wopereka
payload	kulipira
payment	malipiro
payoff	maliza kulipira
payout	kulipira
payphone	payphone
payroll	malipiro
pea	peyala
peace	mtendere
peaceable	wamtendere
peaceful	mtendere
peacefully	mwamtendere
peacekeeper	woyang'anira mtendere
peaceofmind	NO TRANSLATION
peacetime	mtendere
peach	pichesi
peachy	peachy
peacock	peacock
peak	nsonga
peaked	atayikidwa
peanut	chikasu
peanuts	nthikiti
pear	peyala
pearl	peyala
pearly	ngale
peas	nandolo
peasant	alimi
peat	peat
pebble	nsangalabwi
pecan	pecan
peck	peck
pecker	pecker
peculiar	zachilendo
peculiarities	zozizwitsa
peculiarity	zodziwika
peculiarly	mwachindunji
pecuniary	pecuniary
pedal	pedal
pedantic	pedantic
peddle	pembedzero
peddler	kuyenda
pedestal	kuika pansi
pedestrian	oyenda pansi
pediatric	ana
pediatrician	dokotala wa ana
pediatrics	makanda
pedicure	pedicure
pedigree	oyandikana nawo
pedometer	pedometer
pedophile	kanyumba kakang'ono
pee	pee
peek	peek
peekaboo	peekaboo
peel	peel
peep	peep
peeper	peeper
peephole	peephole
peer	anzanga
peering	kuyang'ana
peerless	osasamala
peeved	zojambula
peg	peg
pegs	zikhomo
peice	NO TRANSLATION
pelagic	pelagic
pelican	pelican
pellet	pepala
pelvic	nsalu
pelvis	pelvis
pen	cholembera
penal	chilango
penalty	chilango
penance	kulapa
penchant	chiwonongeko
pencil	pensulo
pendant	mphete
pendency	zovuta
pendent	NO TRANSLATION
pending	akudikira
pendulum	pendulum
penetrate	alowetsani
penetrating	kulowerera
penetration	kulowerera
penguin	penguin
penicillin	penicillin
penile	penile
peninsula	peninsula
penis	mbolo
penitent	wolakwa
penitentiary	kundende
penmanship	zojambula
pennant	pennant
penniless	wopanda pake
penny	ndalama
pension	penshoni
pensioner	pensioner
pensive	kuwonetsa
pentagon	pentagon
pentagram	pentagram
penthouse	penthouse
penultimate	ndikuganizira kwambiri
people	anthu
peopled	anthu ambiri
pep	pep
pepper	tsabola
peppermint	peppermint
pepperoni	pepperoni
peppy	peppy
peptic	nsalu
peptide	peptide
perceive	dziwani
percent	peresenti
percentage	peresenti
percentile	percentile
perceptible	zodziwika
perception	malingaliro
perceptive	kuzindikira
perch	nsomba
perchance	mwambo
percolation	kupotoza
percussion	kukambirana
perdition	chiwonongeko
peremptory	peremptory
perennial	osatha
perfect	wangwiro
perfection	ungwiro
perfectionist	wokondweretsa
perfecto	NO TRANSLATION
perforated	perforated
perforation	kuperewera
perforce	kulimbikitsa
perform	chitani
performance	ntchito
performer	wopanga
perfume	zonunkhira
perfumed	zonunkhira
peri	nthawi
peridot	peridot
peril	ngozi
perilous	zoopsa
perimeter	kupyolera
period	nthawi
periodic	nthawi ndi nthawi
periodical	nthawi
periodically	nthawi ndi nthawi
periodicity	nthawi
peripheral	phokoso
periphery	phokoso
periscope	periscope
perish	kufa
perishable	zosawonongeka
perished	anawonongeka
perishing	kuwonongeka
perjury	zonama
perk	zovuta
perky	perky
perm	perm
permanence	chosatha
permanent	osatha
permeable	zovomerezeka
permeate	zonsezi
permeation	kuperewera
permissible	zovomerezeka
permission	chilolezo
permissive	kuvomereza
permit	chilolezo
permitted	inavomerezedwa
permitting	kulola
permutation	chilolezo
pernicious	zoipa
peroxide	peroxide
perpendicular	perpendicular
perpetrate	kuchitapo kanthu
perpetrator	wolakwira
perpetual	kosatha
perpetually	nthawi zonse
perpetuate	kupitiliza
perpetuation	kupitiliza
perpetuity	kupitiriza
perplexed	kudodometsedwa
perplexing	kusokoneza
perplexity	kusokonezeka
persecute	akuzunza
persecution	kuzunzidwa
perseverance	chipiriro
persevere	khama
persist	pitirizani
persistence	kupitiriza
persistent	kulimbikira
persisting	kupitiriza
person	munthu
persona	NO TRANSLATION
personable	wokonda
personage	munthu
personal	zaumwini
personality	umunthu
personification	munthu
personnel	antchito
persons	anthu
perspective	maganizo
perspiration	thukuta
persuade	kukopa
persuasion	kukopa
persuasive	zokopa
pert	chiwonongeko
pertinent	zogwirizana
perturbation	kusokoneza
pertussis	pertussis
perusal	kupotoza
peruse	gwiritsani ntchito
pervading	akuyandikira
perverse	zopotoka
perversion	kupotoza
pervert	kupotoza
perverted	kupotozedwa
pesky	pesky
pessimism	kudandaula
pessimist	zovuta
pessimistic	osakayikira
pest	tizilombo
pester	pester
pestilence	mliri
pestle	pestle
pesto	pesto
pet	pet
petal	petal
petite	wamng'ono
petition	pempho
petitioner	wopempha
petloss	NO TRANSLATION
petpeeve	NO TRANSLATION
petrified	petrified
petrify	pepani
petrol	mafuta
petroleum	mafuta
petticoat	phokoso
petting	kuponda
petty	zochepa
petulant	zovuta
petunia	petunia
pew	pew
pewter	pewter
peyote	NO TRANSLATION
phalanx	phalanx
phantom	phantom
pharaoh	pharao
pharmaceutical	mankhwala
pharmacist	katswiri wamasitolo
pharmacology	mankhwala osokoneza bongo
pharmacy	mankhwala
phase	gawo
pheasant	fizanti
phenomenal	zozizwitsa
phenomenon	phenomenon
pheromone	pheromone
phew	phew
phi	phi
philanthropic	mphatso zachifundo
philanthropist	philanthropist
philanthropy	mphatso zachifundo
philistine	wamoyo
philosopher	filosofi
philosophic	filosofi
philosophical	filosofi
philosophy	nzeru
phlegm	phlegm
pho	pho
phobia	phobia
phoenix	Phoenix
phone	foni
phonetic	phonetic
phonetics	mafoni
phonics	mafilimu
phonograph	galamafoni
phonology	phonology
phony	zovuta
phooey	phooey
phosphate	phosphate
phosphor	phosphor
phosphorus	phosphorus
photo	chithunzi
photogenic	photogenic
photograph	chithunzi
photographer	wojambula zithunzi
photographic	zojambula
photography	kujambula
photometry	photometry
photon	photon
phrase	mawu
phraseology	phraseology
phylogeny	phylogeny
physical	thupi
physical therapist	wodwalayo
physician	dokotala
physicist	katswiri wa sayansi
physics	physics
physiological	zamoyo
physiology	thupi
physique	thupi
pi	pi
pianist	woimba piyano
piano	piyano
piazza	Piazza
piccolo	NO TRANSLATION
pick	sankhani
picked	anasankhidwa
picker	picker
picket	picket
picketing	kudya
pickle	pickle
pickled	zinyama
pickpocket	pickpocket
pickup	Nyamula
picky	zovuta
picnic	zojambulajambula
pictorial	zojambula
picture	chithunzi
pictures	zithunzi
picturesque	zochititsa chidwi
pie	chitumbuwa
piece	chidutswa
piecemeal	chokhazikika
pieceofshit	chidutswa
pied	kutsitsa
pier	wopera
pierce	kuboola
piety	wopembedza
pig	nkhumba
pigeon	nkhunda
piggy	nkhumba
piggyback	piggyback
pigheaded	nkhumba
piglet	piglet
pigment	pigment
pigskin	nkhumba za nkhumba
pigsty	pigsty
pike	pike
pile	mulu
piles	milu
pileup	pileup
pilgrim	woyendayenda
pilgrimage	ulendo
pill	mapiritsi
pillage	kuphwanya
pillar	nsanamira
pillbox	mapiritsi
pillow	mtolo
pillowcase	pillowcase
pilot	woyendetsa ndege
pimp	pimp
pimple	pimple
pin	pini
pinball	pinball
pinch	onaninso
pinching	kukanikiza
pine	pini
pineapple	chinanazi
ping	ping
pinhead	pinhead
pinhole	pinhole
pinion	pinion
pink	pinki
pinkie	pinkie
pinnacle	zovuta
pinot	pinot
pinpoint	onaninso
pint	pint
pinto	pinto
pinup	matani
pioneer	mpainiya
pious	wopembedza
pip	pip
pipe	chitoliro
piped	zamipope
pipeline	mpaipi
piper	piper
pipette	pipette
piping	kupopera
pipsqueak	pipsqueak
pique	pembedzani
piracy	piracy
piranha	Piranha
pirate	pirate
piscina	NO TRANSLATION
piss	piss
pissed	adanyozedwa
pissedoff	kwiyitsa
pisser	NO TRANSLATION
pissesmeoff	pissesmeoff
pissingmeoff	pissingmeoff
pissoff	pissoff
pistachio	pistachio
pistol	basitomala
piston	pistoni
pit	dzenje
pita	pita
pitch	phula
pitcher	pitcher
pitchfork	pitch
pitfall	zovuta
pith	pith
pithy	pithy
pitiful	zomvetsa chisoni
pitted	zowonongeka
pitter	pitter
pituitary	pituitary
pity	chifundo
pivot	pivot
pivotal	zofunikira
pix	pix
pixie	pixie
pizza	pizza
pizzazz	pizzazz
pizzeria	pizzeria
placard	placard
place	malo
placebo	placebo
placement	malo
placenta	placenta
placid	placid
placket	pulasitiki
plagiarism	zolaula
plague	mliri
plaid	zovuta
plain	wamba
plainclothes	zopanda pake
plaintiff	wotsutsa
plaintive	zovuta
plan	ndondomeko
plane	ndege
planes	ndege
planet	dziko lapansi
planetarium	planetarium
planetary	mapulaneti
planets	mapulaneti
plank	plank
plankton	plankton
planned	anakonza
planner	wokonza mapulani
planning	kukonzekera
plant	chomera
plantation	munda
planter	wolima
planting	kubzala
plaque	chikwangwani
plasma	plasma
plaster	pulasitala
plastic	pulasitiki
plasticity	pulasitiki
plat	mbale
plate	mbale
plateau	mbale
plated	zokhazikika
platform	nsanja
plating	kukwera
platinum	platinamu
platonic	platonic
platoon	mbale
platter	mbale
plaudit	NO TRANSLATION
plausibility	chidziwitso
plausible	zovuta
play	play
playa	sungani
playback	kusewera
playbook	playbook
playboy	wosewera
player	mcheza
playful	kusewera
playground	malo ochitira masewera
playhouse	nyumba ya masewera
playmate	kusewera
playoff	yamba masewera
playpen	playpen
playroom	playroom
plaything	plaything
playtime	nthawi yamasewera
playwright	playwright
plaza	malo
plea	pempho
plead	pemphani
pleasant	zosangalatsa
pleased	anasangalala
pleasing	zokondweretsa
pleasurable	zosangalatsa
pleasure	zosangalatsa
pleasures	zokondweretsa
pleat	pemat
pleated	akudandaula
pledge	chikole
pledged	analonjeza
plenary	plenary
plentiful	zambiri
plenty	zambiri
plenum	plenamu
plethora	plethora
plexus	plexus
pliable	zowoneka bwino
plication	zovuta
pliers	ziphuphu
plight	zovuta
plinth	thunthu
plodding	plodding
plop	plop
plot	chiwembu
plough	kulima
ploughed	analima
plover	plover
plow	kulima
plowed	analima
plowing	kulima
ploy	luso
pluck	kudula
plucky	kubudula
plug	pulagi
plum	maula
plumage	mvula
plumb	plumb
plumber	plumber
plumbing	mapulitsi
plume	fume
plummet	kupuma
plump	zochepa
plumper	phokoso
plunder	zofunkha
plunge	dzombe
plunger	plunger
plural	zambiri
plurality	zambiri
plush	wambiri
plutonium	plutonium
ply	ply
plywood	plywood
pneumatic	chibayo
pneumonia	chibayo
poacher	poacher
poachers	oyendetsa
poaching	poaching
pocket	mthumba
pocketbook	pocketbook
pocketful	pocketful
pod	NO TRANSLATION
podium	podium
poem	ndakatulo
poems	ndakatulo
poet	ndakatulo
poetic	ndakatulo
poetical	poetical
poetics	zolemba ndakatulo
poetry	ndakatulo
pogo	pogo
poignant	zowawa
point	mfundo
pointedly	mwachindunji
pointer	pointer
pointless	zopanda pake
pointy	zovuta
poise	poise
poison	poizoni
poisoned	poizoni
poisoning	poizoni
poisonous	woopsa
poke	poke
poker	poker
pokes	amatha
polar	polar
polarity	polarity
pole	mthunzi
polemic	zovuta
police	apolisi
police officer	apolisi
policeman	apolisi
policewoman	apolisi
policy	ndondomeko
polio	polio
polish	polish
polished	yopukutidwa
polite	ulemu
politeness	kulemekeza
politic	ndale
political	ndale
politician	wandale
politics	ndale
polity	mwatsatanetsatane
polka	polka
poll	zofufuzira
pollen	mungu
polling	kusankhidwa
pollute	kuipitsa
pollution	kuipitsa
polo	polo
poltergeist	wopolisi
polyester	polyester
polygamy	mitala
polygon	polygon
polygonal	polygonal
polygraph	polygraph
polymer	polima
polymorphism	polymorphism
pomp	pompano
pompous	zamwano
poncho	poncho
pond	dziwe
ponder	sinkhasinkha
ponderous	ponderous
pong	pong
pontiff	pontiff
pontificate	pontificate
pontoon	pontoon
pony	ponyoni
ponytail	ponytail
pooch	pooch
poodle	zofiira
poof	nsalu
pool	dziwe
poop	poop
poor	osauka
poorly	bwino
pop	pop
popcorn	Mbuliwuli
pope	papa
popper	popper
poppy	poppy
poppycock	poppycock
popsicle	popsicle
popular	wotchuka
popularity	kutchuka
popularized	anthu ambiri
population	anthu
populous	anthu ambiri
porcelain	phala
porch	khonde
porcupine	nkhumba
pore	pore
pork	nkhumba
porker	Porker
porky	porky
porn	zolaula
porno	zolaula
pornographic	zolaula
pornography	zolaula
porosity	chilolezo
porous	porous
porridge	phala
port	doko
portable	zotheka
portage	chithunzi
portal	portal
porter	porter
porterhouse	nyumba yopangira nyumba
portfolio	mbiri
porthole	phokoso
portico	portico
portion	gawo
portrait	chithunzi
portraiture	zithunzi
portray	akuwonetsa
pose	pose
poser	NO TRANSLATION
posh	posh
posited	ndikupempha
position	udindo
positioning	malo
positive	zabwino
positiveenergy	NO TRANSLATION
positively	zabwino
positivity	chitsimikizo
posse	posetsa
possess	atenge
possessed	ali nawo
possessing	kukhala nawo
possession	kukhala nawo
possessive	katundu
possessor	mwini
possibility	mwayi
possible	zotheka
possibly	mwinamwake
possum	possum
post	posachedwa
postage	kutumiza
postal	positi
postcard	positi
poster	chojambula
posterior	pambuyo pake
posterity	chibadwidwe
posthumous	posthumous
postman	postman
postmortem	postmortem
postpone	thandizani
postponed	adasinthidwa
postponement	kubwezeretsedwa
postscript	postscript
postulate	kutumiza
posture	malo
pot	mphika
potable	zokoma
potassium	potaziyamu
potato	mbatata
potatoes	mbatata
potency	potency
potent	mwamphamvu
potential	zotheka
pothead	pamutu
pothole	pothole
potion	potion
potluck	phokoso
potpourri	potpourri
potted	potted
potter	woumba
pottery	potengera
potty	potty
pouch	thumba
poultry	nkhuku
pounce	pounce
pound	mapaundi
pounding	kupweteka
pour	NO TRANSLATION
pout	pout
pouting	kumangirira
pouty	pouty
poverty	umphaŵi
pow	pow
powder	ufa
powdered	ufa
powdery	powdery
power	mphamvu
powerful	wamphamvu
powerfully	mwamphamvu
powerhouse	powerhouse
powerless	wopanda mphamvu
powwow	powwow
pox	phokoso
practicable	zingatheke
practical	zothandiza
practically	pafupifupi
practice	chitani
practiced	ankachita
practise	chitani
practitioner	katswiri
pragmatic	pragmatic
prairie	prairie
praise	chitamando
praised	adatamandidwa
praisegod	NO TRANSLATION
praisejesus	NO TRANSLATION
praises	matamando
praiseworthy	zotamandika
praising	kutamanda
prance	modzipereka
prank	prank
prawn	prawn
praxis	praxis
pray	pempherani
prayer	pemphero
prayforme	prayform
praying	kupemphera
praying mantis	kupemphera mantis
preach	lalikirani
preacher	mlaliki
preaching	kulalikira
preamble	kutsogolo
precarious	zovuta
precaution	tcheru
precautionary	chisamaliro
precede	kutsogolo
precedence	patsogolo
precedent	kale
preceding	yapitayi
precept	langizo
preceptor	wotsogolera
precession	kutsogolo
precinct	chithunzithunzi
precincts	zofunikira
precious	ofunika
precipice	mphepo
precipitate	kutentha
precipitation	mphepo
precipitous	zovuta
precise	molondola
precisely	ndendende
precision	molondola
preclude	zitha
precocious	wachikulire
precursor	chotsatira
predator	nyama
predatory	zowonongeka
predecessor	kutsogolo
predicament	mavuto
predicate	zolosera
predict	kwaneneratu
predictable	zodziwika
predicting	kuneneratu
prediction	kuneneratu
predictive	kuneneratu
predictor	chonchi
predilection	kunyengerera
predispose	predispose
predisposed	predisposed
predisposition	chiwonetsero
predominance	zofunikira
predominant	kwambiri
predominate	makamaka
preeminent	choyambirira
preemption	kudzipereka
preemptive	kusamala
preface	mawu oyamba
prefect	woyang'anira
prefer	amakonda
preferable	chosangalatsa
preference	zokonda
preferential	wokonda
prefix	choyamba
pregnancy	mimba
pregnant	mimba
prehistoric	prehistoric
prejudice	tsankho
prejudiced	tsankho
prejudicial	tsankho
prelim	prelim
preliminary	zoyambirira
prelude	chithunzithunzi
premarital	musanalowe m'banja
premature	msanga
prematurely	posakhalitsa
premed	anakonzekera
premeditated	anakonzedweratu
premier	woyamba
premiere	choyamba
premise	zofunikira
premises	malo
premium	premium
premonition	chiwonetsero
prenatal	asanabadwe
prenuptial	osati
preoccupation	nkhawa
preoccupied	kuthandizidwa
prep	prep
preparation	kukonzekera
preparatory	kukonzekera
prepare	konzani
prepared	okonzeka
preparedness	kukonzekera
preparer	chokonzeratu
preparing	kukonzekera
preponderance	kuponderezedwa
preposterous	wanyengerera
preppy	zisanachitike
prerequisite	chofunikira
prerogative	udindo
preschool	kusukulu
prescient	odziwika
prescribe	perekani
prescribed	atumizidwa
prescription	mankhwala
prescriptive	zolemba
presence	kupezeka
present	panopa
presentable	zokongola
presentation	kufalitsa
presenter	wolemba
presentment	zochitika
presents	mphatso
preservation	kusungidwa
preservative	zosungira
preserve	sungani
preserved	zasungidwa
preserving	kusunga
preside	atsogolere
presidency	utsogoleri
president	Pulezidenti
presidential	pulezidenti
press	sindikizani
pressing	kukanikiza
pressure	kupanikizika
prestige	kutchuka
prestigious	wotchuka
presto	presto
presume	zindikirani
presumption	chidziwitso
presumptive	kudzikuza
presumptuous	odzikuza
presuppose	presuppose
pretend	tidzipangire
pretended	kunamizira
pretender	pretender
pretending	akudziyesa
pretense	onyenga
pretensions	zizindikiro
pretentious	wonyenga
pretext	malingaliro
pretty	wokongola
pretzel	pretzel
prevail	kupambana
prevailing	akugonjetsa
prevalence	kufalikira
prevalent	zofala
prevent	thandizani
preventative	zopewera
prevention	kupewa
preventive	chithandizo
preview	chithunzi
previous	kale
previously	kale
prey	nyama
price	mtengo
priceless	zopanda phindu
pricey	mtengo
prick	choyamba
prickly	zopanda pake
pride	kunyada
priest	wansembe
priestess	wansembe
priesthood	unsembe
priestly	wansembe
prig	choyamba
prim	prim
prima	NO TRANSLATION
primacy	chiyero
primal	zovuta
primary	zoyambirira
primate	chiwonongeko
primates	nyamakazi
prime	choyamba
primed	adalandiridwa
primer	choyamba
primeval	zoyamba
priming	kusangalatsa
primitive	zopanda pake
primordial	chofunika kwambiri
primrose	primrose
prince	kalonga
princely	princely
princess	princess
principal	wamkulu
principally	makamaka
principle	mfundo
principles	mfundo
print	sindikizani
printer	wosindikiza
printing	kusindikiza
printout	SINDIKIZANI
prior	kale
prioritize	kupititsa patsogolo
priority	choyamba
priory	chofunika
prism	prism
prismatic	matenda
prison	ndende
prisoner	mkaidi
prissy	kumangidwa
pristine	mosamalitsa
privacy	zachinsinsi
private	zapadera
privately	pambali
privilege	mwayi
privileged	ali ndi mwayi
privy	zopanda pake
prize	mphoto
prized	amtengo wapatali
pro	pro
proactive	zothandiza
probability	mwinamwake
probable	Zotheka
probate	yesani
probation	mayesero
probationary	mayesero
probative	zovuta
probe	kafukufuku
probing	kuyesa
probity	vuto
problem	vuto
problematic	zovuta
procedural	njira
procedure	ndondomeko
proceed	pitirizani
proceeding	kupitiliza
proceeds	amapita
process	ndondomeko
processing	processing
procession	maulendo
processor	pulosesa
proclaim	kulengeza
proclamation	kulengeza
procrastinate	yesetsani
procrastination	kuzengeleza
procreate	kubereka
procreation	kubereka
proctologist	proctologist
proctor	wothandizira
procure	kupeza
procurement	katundu
prod	yambani
prodigal	wosakaza
prodigious	wodalirika
prodigy	prodigy
produce	panga
produced	zopangidwa
producer	wolima
producing	kupanga
product	mankhwala
production	kupanga
productive	zopindulitsa
productivity	zokolola
profane	wonyansa
profanity	chonyansa
profess	adzinenera
profession	ntchito
professional	katswiri
professionalism	ntchito
professor	pulofesa
professorship	aphunzitsi
proficiency	luso
proficient	azidziwa bwino
profile	mbiri
profiler	wopanga mbiri
profit	phindu
profitable	zopindulitsa
profound	zozama
profuse	amavomereza
profusion	kuphatikiza
prog	prog
progenitor	wachikulire
progeny	ana
prognosis	kufotokozera
prognostic	kulengeza
program	pulogalamu
programme	pulogalamu
programmer	wolemba mapulogalamu
programming	mapulogalamu
progress	kupita patsogolo
progression	kupita patsogolo
progressive	kupita patsogolo
prohibit	lekani
prohibited	inaletsedwa
prohibition	kuletsa
prohibitive	zoletsedwa
project	polojekiti
projectile	projectile
projectiles	projectiles
projecting	kukonzekera
projection	kulingalira
projector	projector
proletarian	wothandizira
proletariat	abwenzi
prolific	zochepa
prologue	mwambi
prolong	wonjezeka
prolongation	prolongation
prolonged	yaitali
prom	Gara
promenade	promenade
prominence	kutchuka
prominent	otchuka
prominently	mwachindunji
promiscuity	chiwerewere
promiscuous	achiwerewere
promise	lonjezo
promising	akulonjeza
promissory	malonda
promo	Kutsatsa
promontory	chilolezo
promote	kulimbikitsa
promoter	wotsatsa
promotion	kupititsa patsogolo
promotional	Kutsatsa
prompt	mwamsanga
prompting	kuchititsa
promulgate	kulengeza
promulgation	kulengeza
prone	zovuta
prong	zokopa
pronounce	kutchula
pronounced	kutchulidwa
pronouncement	Kulengeza
pronto	NO TRANSLATION
pronunciation	kutchulidwa
proof	umboni
prop	thandizani
propaganda	zofalitsa
propagate	kufalitsa
propagation	kufalitsa
propane	propane
propel	thandizani
propelled	zothamangitsidwa
propeller	zoyendera
propelling	kutulutsa
propensity	kutchuka
proper	zoyenera
property	malo
prophecy	ulosi
prophesy	kunenera
prophet	mneneri
prophetic	uneneri
prophylactic	mankhwala opatsirana
prophylaxis	prophylaxis
proportion	chiwerengero
proportional	mofanana
proportionate	chiwerengero
proportions	kuchuluka
proposal	pempho
propose	funsani
proposition	pempho
proprietary	mwini
proprietor	mwini
proprietorship	kukhala nawo
propriety	zoyenera
propulsion	kuthamanga
prose	kutsimikizirani
prosecute	kutsutsa
prosecution	kutsutsa
prosecutor	wosuma
prospect	chiyembekezo
prospection	kuyang'ana
prospective	omwe akuyembekezera
prospectively	mwakufuna
prospector	woyang'anira
prospectus	prospectus
prosper	bwino
prosperity	kupambana
prosperous	olemera
prostate	prostate
prosthetic	prosthetic
prostitute	hule
prostitution	uhule
prostrate	choweramitsa
protagonist	chitetezo
protect	chitetezeni
protected	atetezedwa
protecting	kuteteza
protection	chitetezo
protective	chitetezo
protector	woteteza
protein	mapuloteni
protest	zotsutsa
protestant	protestant
protocol	protocol
proton	proton
prototype	chithunzi
protozoa	protozoa
protracted	nthawi yayitali
protrude	pita
protrusion	kutulutsa
proud	wonyada
prove	kutsimikizirani
proven	kutsimikiziridwa
proverb	mwambi
proverbial	mwambi
provide	perekani
provided	zoperekedwa
providence	kupereka
provider	perekani
providing	kupereka
province	chigawo
provincial	mapiri
provision	zopereka
provisional	zosakhalitsa
provisionally	mwadzidzidzi
provisions	zofunikira
proviso	proviso
provocation	kukwiya
provocative	okwiya
provoke	kuputa
provoked	wokwiya
provoking	zowawa
provost	zovuta
prowess	mphamvu
prowl	kuyendetsa
prowler	wotsutsa
proximal	amatha
proximate	pafupi
proximity	kuyandikira
proxy	wothandizira
prude	kusamala
prudence	luntha
prudent	wanzeru
prune	sadza
pruning	kudulira
pry	pry
prying	kupuma
psalm	salimo
psalms	masalmo
pseudo	nthano
pseudonym	chidziwitso
psi	psi
psoriasis	psoriasis
psych	psych
psyche	psyche
psychedelic	psychedelic
psychiatric	matenda opatsirana
psychiatrist	katswiri wa zamaganizo
psychiatry	matenda opatsirana
psychic	psychic
psychical	kachipatala
psychics	mafilimu
psycho	maganizo
psychoanalysis	psychoanalysis
psychoanalyst	psychoanalyst
psychobabble	maganizo
psychological	maganizo
psychologist	katswiri wa zamaganizo
psychology	maganizo
psychopath	psychopath
psychopathic	psychopathic
psychosis	psychosis
psychosomatic	psychosomatic
psychotherapy	psychotherapy
psychotic	psychotic
pterodactyl	pterodactyl
ptsd	ptsd
pub	pub
puberty	kutha msinkhu
pubes	mapepala
pubescent	pubescent
pubic	pubic
public	anthu
publication	zofalitsa
publicist	wofalitsa
publicity	kulengeza
publicly	poyera
publicspeaking	NO TRANSLATION
publish	sindikirani
published	losindikizidwa
publisher	wofalitsa
publishing	kusindikiza
puck	puck
pucker	pucker
pudding	pudding
puddle	phokoso
pudgy	pudgy
puff	kunyada
puffing	kunyada
puffy	kunyada
pug	pug
puke	puka
pull	Kokani
pulley	pulley
pullover	Imani kumbali
pulmonary	pulmonary
pulp	zamkati
pulpit	pulpit
pulsar	pulsar
pulsation	pulsation
pulse	pulse
puma	puma
pump	kupopera
pumped	kupopedwa
pumpkin	dzungu
pun	NO TRANSLATION
punch	nkhonya
punched	adanyozedwa
punching	kuponya
punchy	punchy
punctual	kusunga nthawi
punctuality	nthawi
punctually	nthawi
punctuation	zizindikiro
puncture	kupuma
pundit	pundit
pungent	zowawa
punish	chilango
punishable	chilango
punished	adzalangidwa
punishing	kulanga
punishment	chilango
punitive	chilango
punk	punk
punt	punt
puny	puny
pup	pup
pupil	wophunzira
puppet	chidole
puppeteer	chiwombankhanga
puppy	puppy
purchase	kugula
purchaser	wogula
purchasing	kugula
pure	choyera
purebliss	NO TRANSLATION
puree	puree
purely	mwangwiro
purgatory	purigatoriyo
purge	kuyeretsa
purification	kuyeretsedwa
purify	kuyeretsa
purist	purist
purity	chiyero
purple	zofiirira
purport	purport
purpose	cholinga
purposely	mwadala
purr	purr
purring	purring
purse	kachikwama
pursuance	kutsatira
pursue	tsatirani
pursuing	kutsatira
pursuit	kutsatira
purveyor	purveyor
purview	purview
pus	pus
push	Kankhani
pusher	pusher
pushing	kukankhira
pushover	pushover
pushy	pushy
puss	msuzi
pussy	pussy
pussycat	pussycat
put	ikani
putative	kuika
putrid	kuyika
puts	amaika
putt	putt
putter	putter
putty	putty
puzzle	zosokoneza
puzzled	kudabwa
puzzling	kudodometsa
pygmy	pygmy
pylon	pylon
pyramid	piramidi
pyramidal	pyramidal
pyrotechnics	pyrotechnics
python	python
quack	zosowa
quad	quad
quadrangle	quadrangle
quadrant	quadrant
quadratic	quadratic
quadrature	quadrature
quadruple	anayi
quadrupole	quadrupole
quagmire	chiwonetsero
quail	zinziri
quaint	zochepa
quake	chivomezi
qualifications	ziyeneretso
qualified	oyenerera
qualify	ziyenera
qualifying	kuyenerera
qualities	makhalidwe
quality	khalidwe
quandary	ndiyambe
quantify	nambala
quantitative	kuchuluka
quantitatively	chiwerengero
quantity	kuchuluka
quantum	quantum
quarantine	kudzipatula
quarrel	kukangana
quarry	chophimba
quart	gawo limodzi
quarter	kotala
quarterback	quarterback
quartered	ochepa
quarterly	kotsiriza
quartermaster	woyang'anira mphindi
quarters	nyumba
quartet	quartet
quartile	kumenyana
quarto	NO TRANSLATION
quartz	quartz
quash	quash
quasi	pafupifupi
quaternary	quaternary
quay	NO TRANSLATION
queasiness	kulemetsa
queasy	zosangalatsa
queen	mfumukazi
queer	Queer
quell	thunthu
quench	zizimitsa
query	funso
quest	chiyeso
question	funso
questionable	zokayikitsa
questioning	mafunso
questionnaire	mafunso
queue	mzere
queues	mizere
quibble	quibble
quiche	nsomba
quick	mwamsanga
quicken	fulumirani
quickie	quickie
quickly	mwamsanga
quickness	mwamsanga
quicksand	mwamsanga
quicksilver	wotsogolera msanga
quid	gawo
quiescent	kutsitsa
quiet	chete
quietly	mwakachetechete
quill	chotsani
quilt	chikhomo
quince	quince
quinine	quinine
quintet	quintet
quirk	quirk
quirky	quirky
quit	siya
quits	amasiya
quitter	NO TRANSLATION
quiver	mphutsi
quivering	kudumphadumpha
quiz	mafunso
quorum	chiwerengero
quota	gawo
quotation	ndemanga
quote	ndemanga
quotes	ndemanga
quotient	quotient
rabbi	rabbi
rabbit	Kalulu
rabble	njoka
rabid	kukwiya
rabies	rabies
raccoon	raccoon
race	mpikisano
racehorse	mpikisano
racer	racer
racetrack	kupikisana
racial	mtundu
racism	tsankho
racist	chiwawa
rack	kukwera
racket	racket
racketeering	kukondweretsa
racking	kukwiya
racquetball	racquetball
racy	racy
radar	radar
radial	zamalonda
radiance	kusangalatsa
radiant	kuwala
radiate	sintha
radiation	ma radiation
radiator	radiator
radical	zovuta kwambiri
radically	mopanda malire
radio	radiyo
radioactive	zowonongeka
radioactivity	chisokonezo
radiograph	mafilimu
radiography	radiography
radiologist	radiologist
radiology	radiology
radish	radish
radium	radium
radius	radius
radon	radon
raffle	chiguduli
raft	raft
rag	rag
rage	mkwiyo
ragemode	ragemode
ragetweet	NO TRANSLATION
ragged	achikulire
raggedy	zovuta
raging	wokwiya
rags	ziphuphu
ragtime	ragtime
raid	kuwomba
raider	kuthamanga
rail	njanji
railing	kunyoza
railroad	njanji
railway	njanji
raiment	zovala
rain	mvula
rainbow	utawaleza
rainbow trout	utawaleza
rainbows	mvula yamvula
raincoat	mvula
raindrops	mvula yamvula
rainfall	mvula
rainforest	mvula yamvula
rainmaker	mvula
rainstorm	mvula yamkuntho
rainy	mvula
rainyday	rainyday
raise	kwezani
raised	anakulira
raisin	mphesa
raising	kukweza
rake	rake
rally	mgwirizano
ram	Ram
ramble	ramble
rambling	kuthamanga
ramp	phokoso
rampage	kusokoneza
rampant	zofalikira
rampart	kampupa
ramrod	ramrod
ranch	ranchi
rancher	kumenyana
rancid	zovuta
random	zopanda pake
randomly	mwachisawawa
randomness	zopanda pake
randy	randy
range	mitundu
ranger	wokonza
rank	udindo
ranking	udindo
ransom	dipo
rant	ndikuyang'ana
ranting	kupuma
rap	rap
rape	kugwirira
rapid	mofulumira
rapidity	mwamsanga
rapids	rapids
rapist	wokwatira
rapper	wolota
rapping	kudula
rapport	NO TRANSLATION
rapt	chiwonongeke
raptor	raptor
raptors	raptors
rapture	kukwatulidwa
rare	zosawerengeka
rarely	kawirikawiri
rarity	kusowa
rascal	mbusa
rash	kuthamanga
raspberries	raspberries
raspberry	rasipiberi
rat	makoswe
ratchet	chiwerengero
rate	mlingo
ratification	kutsimikiziridwa
ratify	amavomereza
rating	kulongosola
ratio	chiŵerengero
ration	malire
rational	zomveka
rationale	zofunikira
rationalism	zovuta
rationality	kumveka
rationalize	yambiranani
rationing	kukambirana
rattan	rattan
rattle	phokoso
rattled	adagwedezeka
rattler	rattler
rattlesnake	rattlesnake
ratty	ndondomeko
raucous	okonda
ravage	kuwononga
rave	sangalalani
raven	mphutsi
ravenous	owopsa
ravine	chigwa
raving	kusuta
ravioli	ravioli
ravishing	kukwiya
raw	zofiira
rawhide	zosakanizika
rawr	zopangira
ray	ray
razor	lumo
reach	fikira
react	chitani
reaction	chitani
reactionary	chochita
reactive	zowonongeka
reactor	reactor
read	werengani
reader	wowerenga
readership	owerenga
readily	mosavuta
readiness	wokonzeka
reading	kuwerenga
readjustment	sintha
readout	Werengani
ready	okonzeka
readytogo	readytogo
reaffirm	tsimikiziranso
reagent	reagent
real	zenizeni
realism	zowona
realist	weniweni
realistic	zenizeni
reality	zenizeni
realization	kuzindikira
realize	kuzindikira
realm	kumalo
realtor	realtor
realty	zenizeni
ream	foni
reap	kukolola
reaper	wokolola
reappear	kukolola
rear	kumbuyo
rearrange	yambitsaninso
rearrangement	kukonzanso
reason	chifukwa
reasonable	zomveka
reasonableness	kulingalira
reasoning	kulingalira
reasons	zifukwa
reassemble	bwereraninso
reassign	tithandizani
reassignment	reassignment
reassurance	chitonthozo
reassure	tsimikizirani
reassured	anatsimikiziridwa
reassuring	zolimbikitsa
rebate	rebate
rebel	wopanduka
rebellion	kupanduka
rebellious	wopanduka
rebels	opanduka
rebirth	kubweranso
reboot	kubwezeretsanso
reborn	wobadwanso
rebound	kubwerera
rebuild	amangidwanso
rebuke	kudzudzula
rebut	kubwezera
rebuttal	kubwezeretsa
recalcitrant	recalcitrant
recall	kumbukirani
recant	recant
recap	kubwereza
recapture	kubwezeretsanso
recast	zasintha
recede	pewani
receding	kusintha
receipt	kulandira
receipts	mapulogalamu
receive	landirani
received	analandira
receiver	wolandira
receiving	kulandira
recent	posachedwa
receptacle	cholandira
reception	phwando
receptionist	wolandira
receptive	kumvetsera
receptor	phwando
recess	kupuma
recesses	zozizira
recession	kutsika kwachuma
recharge	kubwezeretsanso
recheck	yambiranani
recherche	NO TRANSLATION
recidivism	kubwezeretsedwa
recipe	Chinsinsi
recipient	wolandira
reciprocal	kubwereranso
reciprocate	kubwezeretsani
reciprocity	kubwezeretsedwa
recital	kubwereza
recitation	kukumbukira
recite	kambiranani
reckless	osasamala
recklessness	kusalabadira
reckon	onaninso
reckoning	kuwerengera
reclaim	kubwezeretsani
reclamation	kubwezeretsa
recline	khalani pansi
reclining	akutsalira
recluse	pita
recognition	kuzindikira
recognizable	zimazindikirika
recognize	dziwani
recognized	adziwa
recoil	sungani
recollect	kumbukirani
recollection	kukumbukira
recombinant	zowonjezereka
recombination	kubwezeretsedwa
recommend	amalangiza
recommendation	malingaliro
recompense	kubwezera
recon	recon
reconcile	yanjanitsani
reconciliation	chiyanjanitso
reconfigure	onaninso
reconnaissance	kudziwika
reconnect	konzani
reconsider	yambiraninso
reconsideration	kuganiziranso
reconstitution	kukonzanso
reconstruct	kumanganso
reconstruction	kumanganso
reconstructive	kukonzanso
reconvene	bwerezaninso
record	mbiri
recorder	zojambulajambula
recording	zojambula
recount	fotokozani
recoup	kubweretsanso
recourse	kulandira
recover	bwererani
recoverable	zowonjezeredwa
recovery	kuchira
recreate	bwezerani
recreation	zosangalatsa
recreational	zosangalatsa
recruit	akulembera
recruiter	wolemba ntchito
recruiting	kulemba
recruitment	olemba ntchito
recruits	akulembera
rectal	zamatsenga
rectangle	mphete
rectangular	makoswe
rectification	kukonzanso
rectify	konzani
rector	wolemba
rectory	zolemba
rectum	kachilomboka
recumbent	recumbent
recuperation	kubwezeretsedwa
recur	kubwerera
recurrence	kubwereza
recurrent	nthawi zonse
recurring	kubwereza
recursion	kubwezeretsa
recursive	zowonjezera
recursively	mobwerezabwereza
recycle	yambitsanso
recycled	kusinthidwa
recycling	kukonzanso
red	zofiira
reddish	wofiira
redecorate	yambiraninso
redeem	kuwombola
redeemed	anawomboledwa
redemption	chiwombolo
redesign	kukonzanso
redhead	mutu wofiira
redheaded	wamutu
redirect	kutumizira
redneck	redneck
redness	zofiira
redo	bwereraninso
redress	kukonza
reduce	kuchepetsa
reduced	kuchepa
reduction	kuchepetsa
redundancy	chiwonongeko
redundant	zovuta
redwood	redwood
reed	bango
reef	mpanda
reefer	kubwezeretsa
reefs	miyala
reek	reek
reel	nsalu
reelection	kukonzanso
reeling	kubwezeretsa
reenactment	kufanana
reentry	kubwezeretsa
reestablish	kubwezeretsanso
ref	ref
refer	lembani
referee	mperezidenti
reference	zolemba
referendum	referendum
referral	kutumiza
refill	dzozani
refine	konzani
refined	oyeretsedwa
refinement	kukonzanso
refinery	zosungira
refining	kuyeretsa
refit	konza
reflect	onetsani
reflecting	kusinkhasinkha
reflection	kusinkhasinkha
reflective	kusinkhasinkha
reflector	ziwonetsero
reflex	kuganiza
reflux	reflux
reform	kusintha
reformation	kukonzanso
reformer	wosintha
refraction	kukanidwa
refractor	wokonda
refractory	kutsutsa
refrain	lekani
refraining	kupewa
refresh	kutsitsimula
refreshed	amatsitsimula
refreshing	zolimbikitsa
refreshment	mpumulo
refrigerate	refrigerate
refrigeration	firiji
refrigerator	firiji
refuel	refuel
refuge	pothawirapo
refugee	othaŵa kwawo
refund	kubwezera
refurbish	konzani
refusal	kukana
refuse	kukana
refused	anakana
refusing	kukana
refutation	kukana
refute	tsutsani
regain	yambitsanso
regal	regal
regalia	regalia
regard	penyani
regatta	regatta
regency	regency
regenerate	kubwezeretsanso
regeneration	kukonzanso
regent	regent
reggae	reggae
regime	boma
regimen	regimen
regiment	gulu
regimental	regimental
region	chigawo
regional	chigawo
regionalism	chigawo
register	kulembetsa
registrar	wolemba
registration	kulembetsa
registry	zolembera
regress	regress
regression	kusokoneza
regressive	zovuta
regret	ndikudandaula
regretful	ndikudandaula
regrettable	chisoni
regretted	ananong'oneza bondo
regretting	ndikudandaula
regroup	gwirizaninso
regular	nthawi zonse
regularity	nthawi zonse
regulars	nthawi zonse
regulate	sungani
regulated	yalamulidwa
regulation	malamulo
regulator	olamulira
regulatory	malamulo
regurgitation	kubwezeretsedwa
rehab	rehab
rehabilitate	kukonzanso
rehabilitation	kukonzanso
rehash	bwerezani
rehearsal	kubwereza
rehearse	yesetsani
reign	ufumu
reigning	akulamulira
reimburse	kubwezeretsanso
reimbursement	kubwezera
rein	rein
reincarnation	kubadwanso kwatsopano
reindeer	mphalapala
reinforce	kulimbitsa
reinforcement	kulimbikitsa
reinforcements	reinforcements
reins	mitsempha
reinstall	kubwezeretsani
reinstate	kubweretsanso
reinstatement	kubwezeretsedwa
reinvest	reinvest
reinvestment	reinvestment
reiterate	kambiraninso
reject	sakana
rejected	anakanidwa
rejection	kukanidwa
rejects	amakana
rejoice	sangalalani
rejoicing	kusangalala
rejoin	tibwereranso
rejuvenate	kubwezeretsanso
rejuvenated	anabwezeretsedwa
rekindle	kubwezeretsanso
relapse	kubwereranso
relate	tchulani
related	zokhudzana
relation	chiyanjano
relationship	ubwenzi
relative	wachibale
relativity	kugwirizana
relax	Khazikani mtima pansi
relaxant	osangalala
relaxation	zosangalatsa
relaxed	omasuka
relaxing	kusangalala
relay	kutumiziranso
release	kumasulidwa
released	anamasulidwa
relegation	kuchotsedwa
relentless	osasintha
relevance	kufunika
relevancy	mfundo
relevant	zofunikira
reliability	kudalirika
reliable	odalirika
reliance	kudalira
relic	relic
relics	zojambula
relief	mpumulo
relieve	kumasula
relieved	anamasulidwa
relieving	kuchotsa
relight	wodalirika
religion	chipembedzo
religious	chipembedzo
relinquish	tisiye
relish	zosangalatsa
relive	khulupirirani
reload	Bwezeraninso
relocate	tulukani
relocation	kusamukira
reluctance	kusakayika
reluctant	osayenerera
rely	kudalira
remain	khalani
remainder	otsala
remaining	otsala
remains	imakhalabe
remake	reka
remand	ndemanga
remark	tchulani
remarkable	zodabwitsa
remarkably	zodabwitsa
remarry	kukwatiranso
rematch	kusinthidwa
remedial	kukonza
remedy	mankhwala
remember	kumbukirani
remembered	kukumbukira
remembering	kukumbukira
remembrance	chikumbutso
remind	kumbukirani
reminder	chikumbutso
reminisce	kukumbukira
reminiscent	kukumbukira
reminiscing	kukumbukira
remiss	sungani
remission	chikhululukiro
remit	tumizani
remittance	kuchotsedwa
remnant	otsala
remodel	remodel
remorse	kukhumudwa
remorseful	chisoni
remote	kutali
remoteness	kutalika
removal	kuchotsedwa
remove	chotsani
remover	kuchotsa
remuneration	malipiro
renaissance	kubwezeretsedwa
renal	renal
rencontre	NO TRANSLATION
rend	NO TRANSLATION
render	perekani
rendering	kupereka
rendezvous	kumasulira
rendition	kumasulira
renegade	zigawenga
renegotiate	kambiranani
renew	yatsopano
renewal	kukonzanso
renounce	kusiya
renovate	kukonzanso
renovated	adakonzedwanso
renovation	kukonzanso
renown	mbiri
renowned	wotchuka
rent	lendi
rental	yobwera
renter	renter
renunciation	kunyoza
reopen	yambitsanso
reorganization	kukonzanso
reorganize	yongolaninso
rep	rep
repaint	repaint
repair	kukonza
repairman	wokonza
reparation	malipiro
repay	kubwezera
repayment	kubwezera
repeal	bwerezani
repeat	bwerezani
repeated	mobwerezabwereza
repeatedly	mobwerezabwereza
repeater	kubwereza
repel	bwererani
repellant	wotsutsa
repellent	wonyalanyaza
repelling	kutembenuza
repent	lapani
repentance	kulapa
repentant	kulapa
repertoire	repertoire
repertory	repertory
repetition	kubwereza
repetitive	kubwereza
rephrase	yongolaninso
replace	m'malo
replacement	m'malo
replay	replay
replenish	bweretsani
replete	wadzaza
replica	chithunzi
replicate	lembani
replication	kubwereza
reply	Yankhani
report	lipoti
reported	zanenedwa
reporter	mtolankhani
repose	kupumula
reposition	malo
repository	malo
repossess	kubwezeretsedwa
reprehensible	zolakwa
represent	amaimira
representation	chiyimira
representative	woimira
represented	akuyimiridwa
representing	akuyimira
repress	sungani
repressed	adanyozedwa
repression	kuponderezedwa
reprieve	tenga
reprimand	chidzudzula
reprint	yongolinso
reprisal	akunyoza
reprise	kubwezeretsanso
reproach	chitonzo
reproduce	kubalana
reproduction	kubereka
reproductive	kubereka
reprogram	reprogram
reptile	reptile
republic	republic
republican	republican
repudiation	kukana
repugnance	kunyalanyaza
repugnant	zonyansa
repulsion	kunyalanyaza
repulsive	zonyansa
repurchase	kuwombola
reputable	wotchuka
reputation	mbiri
repute	nenani
reputed	adatchulidwa
request	pemphani
requiem	requiem
require	amafuna
required	zofunikira
requirement	chofunika
requisite	zofunikira
requisition	zofunikila
reread	awerenganso
reroute	bwereranso
rerun	kubwereranso
reschedule	kusinthika
rescind	tulukani
rescission	tumizani
rescue	kupulumutsa
research	kufufuza
researcher	wofufuza
resection	resection
resemblance	kufanana
resemble	zimafanana
resembling	zofanana
resent	mkwiyo
resentful	wokwiya
resentment	mkwiyo
reservation	kusungirako
reserve	malo osungira
reserved	yosungidwa
reserves	nkhokwe
reservoir	nkhokwe
reset	bwezeretsani
reside	khala
residence	malo okhala
residences	malo okhala
residency	malo okhala
resident	wokhalamo
residential	Kumakomo
residual	otsalira
residue	zotsalira
resign	lekani
resignation	kudzipatulira
resigned	anasiya
resilience	kupirira
resilient	wololera
resin	resin
resist	kanizani
resistance	kukana
resistant	zosagwira
resisting	kukana
resistive	zosangalatsa
resolute	chotsimikizika
resolutely	motsimikiza
resolution	chisankho
resolve	kuthetsa
resolved	atsimikiziridwa
resonance	resonance
resonant	resonant
resonate	sungani
resonator	resonator
resort	malo
resounding	akudandaula
resource	zofunikira
resourceful	zothandiza
resources	zothandizira
respect	ulemu
respectability	kulemekeza
respectable	olemekezeka
respected	amalemekezedwa
respectful	kulemekeza
respecting	kulemekeza
respective	zosiyana
respects	ulemu
respiration	kupuma
respirator	kupuma
respiratory	kupuma
respite	mpumulo
resplendent	modzilemekeza
respond	Yankhani
respondent	woyankha
response	yankho
responsibility	udindo
responsible	ali ndi udindo
responsive	omvera
rest	kupumula
restart	yambitsaninso
restaurant	malo odyera
rested	apumula
restful	zotsitsimula
restitution	kubwezera
restless	osasamala
restlessness	kupuma
restock	kubwezeretsani
restoration	kubwezeretsedwa
restorative	kubwezeretsa
restore	kubwezeretsani
restored	kubwezeretsedwa
restoring	kubwezeretsa
restrain	lekani
restrained	analetsa
restraining	kuletsa
restraint	kudziletsa
restrict	khakani
restricted	zoletsedwa
restriction	choletsedwa
restrictive	zoletsa
restroom	chipinda chodyera
result	zotsatira
resultant	zotsatira
resume	pitilizani
resumption	kubwereranso
resurrect	kuukitsa
resurrection	chiwukitsiro
resuscitate	ayambitsenso
resuscitation	kubwezeretsanso
retail	ritelo
retailer	wogulitsa
retain	sungani
retainer	zosungira
retaining	kusunga
retake	tenga
retaliate	kubwezera
retaliation	kubwezera
retaliatory	kubwezera
retard	kuchedwa
retardation	kuchedwa
retarded	adachedwa
retards	zobwerera
retention	kusungirako
retentive	kumvetsera
rethink	Onaninso
reticent	osasintha
retina	retina
retinal	retinal
retire	khalani pantchito
retired	atapuma pantchito
retirement	pantchito
retiring	kuchoka
retold	kambiranani
retort	yesetsani
retrace	kubwezeretsani
retract	kubwezeretsani
retraction	kubwezeretsa
retractor	wokonzanso
retreat	bwerera
retrenchment	kusungunuka
retrial	kubwereranso
retribution	chilango
retrieval	kubwezera
retrieve	tenga
retriever	retriever
retro	retro
retroactive	kubwezeretsanso
retrograde	bwezeretsani
retrospect	kubwezera
retrospective	kubwezeretsa
retrospectively	retrospectively
return	bwererani
reunion	kuphatikiza
reunite	kubwerezananso
reunited	kugwirizananso
rev	rev
reveal	kuwulula
revel	chiwonetsero
revelation	vumbulutso
revelations	vumbulutso
revels	masewera
revenge	kubwezera
revenue	ndalama
reverberation	kubwereza
revere	ulemu
reverence	kulemekeza
reverend	reverend
reverent	kulemekeza
reverie	kachiwiri
reversal	kusintha
reverse	kubwerera
reversion	kubwezeretsedwa
revert	kubwereranso
reverting	kubwereranso
review	ndemanga
reviewer	wowerengera
revise	kambiranani
revision	kukonzanso
revisit	yambiraninso
revival	chitsitsimutso
revive	tsitsirani
revocation	kuchotsedwa
revoke	kubwezeretsani
revolt	kupanduka
revolting	kupanduka
revolution	revolution
revolutionary	revolutionary
revolutionize	revolutionize
revolve	kutsutsana
revolver	wopandukira
revolving	kupitilira
revue	yeretsani
revulsion	chiwonongeko
revving	kubwezeretsa
reward	mphotho
rewarding	zopindulitsa
rewind	kubwezeretsanso
rewire	rewire
rewrite	lembaninso
rhapsody	rhapsody
rhetoric	zolemba
rhetorical	zolemba
rheumatism	rheumatism
rhinestone	chovala chachitsulo
rhino	mphuno
rhinoceros	mphuno
rhubarb	rhubarb
rhyme	nyimbo
rhyming	nyimbo
rhythm	rhythm
rhythmic	chigwirizano
rhythmical	zizindikiro
rib	nthiti
ribbed	kukhwima
ribbon	riboni
rice	mpunga
rich	wolemera
riches	chuma
richness	chuma
rick	rick
rickety	kunyada
rickshaw	kukwera
ricochet	ndowe
rid	chotsani
riddance	chiwonongeko
riddle	mwambo
riddled	zolemetsa
ride	kukwera
rider	wokwera
ridge	mtunda
ridicule	kunyoza
ridiculed	kunyozedwa
ridiculous	zopusa
riding	atakwera
rife	kukwera
riff	achisoni
riffraff	kusokoneza
rifle	mfuti
rifleman	mfuti
rifles	mfuti
rift	kukwera
rig	kugunda
rigged	adagwedezeka
rigging	kugwedeza
right	kulondola
righteous	wolungama
righteousness	chilungamo
rightful	choyenera
rightly	moyenera
righty	zolondola
rigid	zovuta
rigidity	kulimbika
rigor	zovuta
rigorous	zovuta
rim	mphutsi
rind	Pewani
ring	kumveka
ringer	wokonda
ringing	kulira
ringleader	wotsogolera
ringmaster	mtsogoleri
ringside	kumbali
rink	rink
rinse	nadzatsuka
riot	chisokonezo
rioting	kuwomba
riotous	zosokoneza
riots	ziwawa
rip	RIP
riparian	wachikunja
ripe	kucha
ripen	zipse
ripening	kucha
ripper	wokwera
ripple	kumveka
rippling	kukwera
rise	kuwuka
rising	kukwera
risk	zoopsa
risky	zoopsa
risotto	risotto
rite	mwambo
ritual	mwambo
ritualistic	miyambo
rival	mpikisano
rivalry	mpikisano
river	mtsinje
riverbank	gombe lamtsinje
riverbed	mtsinje
riverboat	bwato la mtsinje
rivet	rivet
riveted	amavomereza
riveting	riveting
roach	roach
road	msewu
roadblock	msewu
roadhouse	roadhouse
roadie	roadie
roadrage	NO TRANSLATION
roadrunner	woyendetsa msewu
roads	misewu
roadside	msewu
roadster	roadster
roadtrip	msewu
roadway	msewu
roadworks	roadworks
roam	ayendetsedwe
roar	kubuma
roaring	akubangula
roast	yophika
roasted	wokazinga
rob	kulanda
robber	wakuba
robbery	kuba
robe	mwinjiro
robin	robin
robot	robot
robotic	robotiki
robotics	robotiki
robust	zamphamvu
roc	roc
rock	thanthwe
rocker	rocker
rocket	rocket
rocks	miyala
rod	ndodo
rodent	rodent
rodeo	rodeo
roe	roe
rogue	wovuta
role	udindo
roll	dulani
roller	chogudubuza
rollercoaster	chosakhazikika
rollers	odzigudubuza
rollicking	kuthamanga
rolling	kupukuta
roman	wachikondi
romance	chikondi
romantic	chikondi
romanticism	chikondi
romp	kupweteka
roof	denga
rooftop	padenga
rook	kugwedezeka
rookie	rookie
room	chipinda
roomful	malowa
roommate	wokhala naye
rooms	zipinda
roomy	wochuluka
roost	malo
rooster	tambala
root	mizu
root beer	muzu mowa
rooted	mizu
rope	chingwe
ropes	zingwe
rosary	rozari
rose	ananyamuka
rosemary	rosemary
rosette	rosette
roster	roster
rosy	wokondwa
rot	zowola
rota	rota
rotary	rotary
rotate	sinthasintha
rotation	kusinthasintha
rote	mdima
rotor	rotor
rotten	zowola
rotting	zowola
rotunda	rotunda
rouge	rouge
rough	zovuta
roughly	pafupifupi
roughneck	nthiti
roughness	kukwiya
roulette	roulette
round	kuzungulira
roundabout	kuzungulira
rounded	atakonzedwa
roundup	Sonkhanitsani
rouse	dzuka
rouser	kuukitsa
rousing	kudzuka
rout	njira
route	njira
routine	chizoloŵezi
rove	tuluka
rover	rover
roving	kuyenda
row	mzere
rowboat	maboti
rowdy	mdima
rowing	kugwedeza
royal	ufumu
royalty	mafumu
rub	mpukutu
rubber	mphira
rubbers	zophimba
rubbing	kusamba
rubbish	zitsamba
rubble	mphutsi
rubdown	kuwononga
rubric	rubric
ruby	ruby
ruckus	ruckus
rudder	kuthamanga
ruddy	wofiira
rude	amwano
rudeness	nkhanza
rudimentary	zosowa
rudiments	ziphuphu
rue	rue
rueful	pezani
ruff	chiwonongeko
ruffian	achifwamba
ruffle	kuphulika
rug	rug
rugby	rugby
rugged	mwamphamvu
ruin	kuwonongeka
ruination	kuwononga
ruined	kuwonongeka
ruinous	zopweteka
ruins	mabwinja
rule	ulamuliro
ruler	wolamulira
ruling	akulamulira
rum	ramu
rumba	rumba
rumble	kukhumudwa
rummage	kuthamanga
rumor	mphekesera
rumored	mphekesera
rump	rump
rumpus	rumpus
run	kuthamanga
runaround	kuyenda
runaway	Thawani
rundown	thana
runes	akuthamanga
rung	zovuta
runner	wothamanga
running	akuthamanga
running shoes	kuthamanga nsapato
runny	runny
runt	NO TRANSLATION
runway	msewu
rupture	kupasuka
rural	kumidzi
ruse	NO TRANSLATION
rush	kuthamanga
rushing	kuthamanga
rust	dzimbiri
rusted	yanyansidwa
rustic	rustic
rustle	phokoso
rustler	rustler
rusty	ziphuphu
rut	rut
ruth	ruth
ruthless	nkhanza
rye	rye
sabbatical	sabata
saber	NO TRANSLATION
sable	sable
sabotage	chiwonongeko
saboteur	sabotolo
sac	sac
sack	thumba
sacrament	sakramenti
sacred	yopatulika
sacrifice	nsembe
sacrifices	nsembe
sacrificial	nsembe
sacrilege	kudzipereka
sacrilegious	zosayera
sad	zomvetsa chisoni
sadday	NO TRANSLATION
saddens	chisoni
saddle	sungani
sadist	sadist
sadistic	chisoni
sadly	chisoni
sadness	chisoni
safari	safari
safe	otetezeka
safeguard	tetezani
safekeeping	kusunga
safety	chitetezo
saffron	safironi
sag	sag
saga	saga
sage	sage
saggy	saggy
sail	yenda
sailboat	chombo
sailing	kuyenda
sailor	woyenda panyanja
saint	woyera
sainted	woyera
saintly	woyera
sake	chifukwa
salad	saladi
salamander	salamander
salami	salami
salary	malipiro
sale	kugulitsa
salesgirl	wogulitsa
salesman	wogulitsa
salient	zovuta
saline	saline
saliva	malaya
sally	sally
salmon	salimoni
salmonella	salmonella
salon	saloni
saloon	saloon
salsa	salsa
salt	mchere
salted	mchere
saltwater	madzi amchere
salty	salty
salutary	salutary
salutation	moni
salute	landirani moni
salvage	salvage
salvation	chipulumutso
salve	salve
samba	samba
sameness	sameness
sample	chitsanzo
samurai	samurai
sanatorium	sanatorium
sanctification	kuyeretsedwa
sanctified	kuyeretsedwa
sanctify	kuyeretsani
sanctimonious	kuyeretsedwa
sanction	chilango
sanctioned	analoledwa
sanctity	chiyero
sanctuary	malo opatulika
sanctum	sanctum
sand	mchenga
sandal	nsapato
sandbox	sandbox
sander	sander
sandman	sandman
sandpaper	sandpaper
sands	mchenga
sandstorm	mvula yamkuntho
sandwich	sandwich
sandy	mchenga
sane	zonyansa
sanguine	magazi
sanitarium	sanitarium
sanitary	ukhondo
sanitation	zonyansa
sanity	sanity
sans	NO TRANSLATION
santa	santa
sap	kupuma
sapiens	sapiens
sapphire	safiro
sappy	sappy
sarcasm	kunyoza
sarcastic	achisoni
sarcoma	sarcoma
sarcophagus	sarcophagus
sardine	sadini
sardonic	sardonic
sarsaparilla	sarsaparilla
sash	sash
sashimi	sashimi
sassafras	sassafras
sassy	sassy
satanic	satana
satchel	satchel
sate	NO TRANSLATION
satellite	satesi
satin	satin
satire	chisokonezo
satirical	satirical
satisfaction	kukhutira
satisfactorily	mokondweretsa
satisfactory	zokhutiritsa
satisfied	wokhutitsidwa
satisfy	kukhutiritsa
satisfying	kukhutiritsa
saturate	kukhutitsani
saturated	adadzazidwa
saturation	kukwanitsa
satyr	satyr
sauce	msuzi
saucepan	saucepan
saucer	msuzi
saucy	saucy
sauerkraut	sauerkraut
sauna	sauna
sausage	soseji
savage	zoopsa
savagery	zosokoneza
savanna	savanna
savannah	savanna
savant	savant
save	sungani
saver	wopulumutsa
saving	kupulumutsa
savings	kusungirako
savior	mpulumutsi
savor	zosangalatsa
savory	savory
savvy	savvy
saw	anaona
sawdust	utuchi
sawmill	sitsulo
sax	sax
saxophone	saxophone
say	nenani
sayonara	NO TRANSLATION
scab	nkhanambo
scabbard	scabbard
scaffold	scaffold
scaffolding	scaffolding
scalding	scalding
scale	kukula
scales	mamba
scallop	sikalopu
scalp	scalp
scalpel	scalpel
scaly	zovuta
scam	chisokonezo
scamp	chithunzi
scampi	scampi
scan	fufuzani
scandal	chonyansa
scandalous	zonyansa
scanner	chojambulira
scanty	zochepa
scape	scape
scapegoat	zopereka
scar	zowawa
scarab	scarab
scarce	zochepa
scarcely	mosakayikira
scarcity	kusowa
scare	mantha
scarecrow	scarecrow
scared	mantha
scares	zoopsa
scarf	nsalu
scarier	zovuta
scariest	zoopsa
scarlet	zofiira
scary	zoopsa
scat	scat
scatter	kubalalika
scattered	anabalalitsidwa
scattering	kufalikira
scavenger	wowotcha
scenario	zochitika
scene	zochitika
scenery	nyengo
scenic	zooneka bwino
scent	zonunkhira
scented	zonunkhira
scepter	ndodo yachifumu
sceptical	osakayikira
scepticism	kukayikira
schadenfreude	schadenfreude
schedule	ndandanda
schematic	ndondomeko
scheme	ndondomeko
schilling	schilling
schism	chinyengo
schizophrenia	schizophrenia
schizophrenic	schizophrenic
schlep	schlep
schmuck	NO TRANSLATION
schnapps	schnapps
schnitzel	schnitzel
scholar	katswiri
scholarly	akatswiri
scholarship	kusukulu
scholastic	maphunziro
school	sukulu
schoolboy	wophunzira wa sukulu
schoolgirl	msukulu
schoolhouse	nyumba ya sukulu
schooling	kusukulu
schoolmaster	mphunzitsi wa sukulu
schoolteacher	NO TRANSLATION
schoolwork	ntchito yakusukulu
schoolyard	sukulu
schooner	wophunzira
sciatica	sciatica
science	sayansi
scientific	sayansi
scientist	wasayansi
scifi	zovuta
scintilla	NO TRANSLATION
scintillating	zokopa
scintillation	scintillation
scintillator	scintillator
scion	scion
scissors	lumo
scoff	kunyoza
scold	sungani
scolding	kuwombera
scone	ziwonetseni
scoop	sangalalani
scoot	scoot
scooter	wopikisara
scope	chiwerengero
scorch	kuwotcha
scorching	kuwotcha
score	Chogoli
scoreboard	mpikisanowu
scorer	wosakaniza
scores	zolemba
scorn	kunyozedwa
scorned	kunyozedwa
scornful	onyoza
scorpion	scorpion
scotch	chithunzi
scoundrel	scoundrel
scour	kudula
scourge	mliri
scout	scout
scowl	scowl
scrabble	kupopera
scram	scram
scramble	kusokoneza
scrambled	kuthamanga
scrambler	scrambler
scrambling	kuthamanga
scrap	zidutswa
scrapbook	scrapbook
scrape	scrape
scrapie	scrapie
scraping	kupopera
scrappy	scrappy
scratch	sanga
scratchy	kukongola
scrawny	scrawny
scream	kufuula
screamer	kufuula
screaming	akufuula
screech	screech
screen	chithunzi
screening	kuwunika
screenplay	zojambulajambula
screenwriter	wolemba masewero
screw	pezani
screwball	screwball
screwdriver	screwdriver
screwed	zofufuzidwa
screwy	zowopsya
screwyou	NO TRANSLATION
scribble	kulemba
scribe	mlembi
scrimmage	scrimmage
scrip	script
script	script
scriptural	mwamalemba
scripture	malembo
scroll	mpukutu
scrotum	zovuta
scrounge	sangalalani
scrounger	wongolera
scrub	sanga
scruffy	scruffy
scrumptious	scrumptious
scrupulous	zovuta
scrutinize	kufufuza
scrutiny	kufufuza
scuba	scuba
scuff	sichita
scuffle	sungani
scullery	scullery
sculptor	zojambulajambula
sculpture	kujambulidwa
sculptured	zojambula
scum	scum
scumbag	scumbag
scurry	pezani
scurvy	scurvy
scuttle	futitsa
sea	nyanja
seaboard	seabodi
seafood	nsomba
seagull	nyanja
seal	chisindikizo
seals	zisindikizo
seam	msoko
seaman	wanyanja
seamless	osasunthika
seamstress	wosokera zovala
seaport	sitima
sear	fufuzani
search	fufuzani
searching	kufufuza
searchlight	kufufuza
seared	kusungunuka
seashore	m'mphepete mwa nyanja
seasick	nyanja
seaside	nyanja
season	nyengo
seasonal	nyengo
seasoned	nyengo
seasoning	nyengo
seat	mpando
seatbelt	lamba wapampando
seating	malo
seawater	madzi a m'nyanja
seaweed	nyanja zamchere
sec	gawo
secession	chisankho
secluded	zochepa
seclusion	kusungidwa
second	chachiwiri
second cousin	msuwani wachiwiri
secondary	yachiwiri
secondhand	zogwiritsidwapo kale ntchito
secrecy	chinsinsi
secret	chinsinsi
secretariat	ubwana
secretary	mlembi
secrete	secrete
secretion	chinsinsi
secretive	zobisika
secretly	mwachinsinsi
sect	kagulu
sectarian	achipembedzo
section	gawo
sectional	gawo
sector	gawo
secular	zadziko
secularism	chisokonezo
secure	otetezeka
securities	zobisika
security	chitetezo
sedan	NO TRANSLATION
sedate	sitima
sedation	sedation
sedative	chiwerewere
sedentary	wokhala pansi
sedge	sedge
sediment	dothi
sedimentary	pansi
sedition	kupanduka
seduce	kunyengerera
seducer	wonyenga
seducing	kunyenga
seduction	kunyenga
seductive	kukopa
see	onani
seed	mbewu
seedling	mmera
seeds	mbewu
seedy	seedy
seek	funani
seeker	wofufuza
seem	zimawoneka
seemingly	zikuoneka
seer	wopenya
seesaw	seesaw
seething	akuyenda
segment	gawo
segregate	sungani
segregated	zogawidwa
segregation	tsankho
seismic	chisokonezo
seize	gwirani
seizure	kulanda
seldom	kawirikawiri
select	sankhani
selection	kusankha
selective	kusankha
selectman	wosankha
selenium	selenium
self	wekha
selfharm	NO TRANSLATION
selfish	odzikonda
selfishness	kudzikonda
selfless	osadzikonda
selflove	NO TRANSLATION
selfworth	NO TRANSLATION
sell	gulitsani
seller	wogulitsa
sellout	kugulitsa
seltzer	seltzer
semantics	semantics
semaphore	semaphore
semblance	mawonekedwe
semen	semen
semester	semester
semi	nusu
semiautomatic	NO TRANSLATION
semicolon	semicolon
seminal	seminal
seminar	semina
seminary	seminare
semiotics	semiotics
senate	senate
senator	senema
send	tumizani
sender	otumiza
senescence	senescence
senile	senile
senior	akulu
seniority	msinkhu
senor	senor
senorita	senorita
sensation	kumverera
sensational	zosangalatsa
sense	luntha
senseless	wopanda nzeru
senses	mphamvu
sensibility	chisamaliro
sensible	wochenjera
sensibly	mosamala
sensitive	kumvetsa
sensitivity	kukhudzidwa
sensor	sensa
sensory	maganizo
sensual	zachibadwa
sensuality	maganizo
sensuous	zozizwitsa
sentence	chigamulo
sentencing	chilango
sentient	kumva
sentiment	maganizo
sentimental	maganizo
sentimentality	maganizo
sentinel	sentinel
sentry	wotumiza
separable	olekana
separate	osiyana
separately	mosiyana
separation	kupatukana
separatist	wopatukana
sepia	sepia
sepsis	sepsis
sept	seveni
septic	septic
septum	septum
sequel	chotsatira
sequence	zofanana
sequent	amatsutsa
sequestered	sequestered
sequestration	kupititsa patsogolo
serenade	serenade
serendipity	chisangalalo
serene	serene
serenity	bata
sergeant	sergeant
serial	nyimbo
serialize	serialize
series	mndandanda
serif	serif
serious	zovuta
seriousness	kuwopsa
sermon	ulaliki
serpent	njoka
serpentine	njoka
serrated	amamatira
serum	seramu
servant	mtumiki
serve	tumikira
server	seva
service	utumiki
serviceable	zotheka
servile	otumikira
servitude	ukapolo
sesame	sesame
sess	NO TRANSLATION
session	gawo
sessions	magawo
set	ikani
setback	kusokoneza
sett	NO TRANSLATION
setter	setter
settle	konzani
settled	adakhazikika
settlement	kukhazikika
settler	wothetsera
settlor	kukonza
setup	khazikitsa
seven	Zisanu ndi ziwiri
seventeen	seventeen
seventh	wachinayi
seventy	makumi asanu ndi awiri
sever	yambani
severable	zosasinthika
severally	mwatsatanetsatane
severance	kuchotsa
severe	zovuta
severely	kwambiri
severity	kuuma
sew	kusoka
sewage	kusamba
sewer	kusungunula
sewerage	kusuta
sewing	kusamba
sex	kugonana
sexist	kugonana
sexual	kugonana
sexuality	kugonana
sexy	sexy
shabby	zovuta
shack	mthunzi
shackle	kumangirira
shade	mthunzi
shades	mithunzi
shading	kumeta
shadow	mthunzi
shadowy	mdima
shady	mthunzi
shaft	shaft
shag	shag
shaggy	shaggy
shake	kugwedeza
shakedown	shakedown
shaken	kugwedezeka
shaker	shaker
shaking	kugwedezeka
shaky	osokonezeka
shall	adzatero
shallow	osaya
shallows	mthunzi
sham	sham
shaman	shaman
shambles	zopanda pake
shame	manyazi
shamed	manyazi
shameful	manyazi
shameless	manyazi
shampoo	shampoo
shanghai	shanghai
shank	shank
shanty	shanty
shape	mawonekedwe
shapely	shapely
shard	shard
share	agawana
shareholder	wothandizira
sharing	kugawa
shark	Shaki
sharp	lakuthwa
sharpen	kulimbitsa
sharpened	lakuthwa
sharpener	sharpener
sharpness	mkali
sharpshooter	wogulitsa nsomba
shatter	shatter
shattered	wasweka
shattering	kusweka
shave	meta
shaver	kumeta
shaving	kumeta ndevu
shawl	shawl
sheaf	mtolo
shear	khungu
shears	mitsuko
sheath	mpweya
sheathing	kumeta
shed	kukhetsa
sheen	sheen
sheep	nkhosa
sheepdog	nkhosa
sheepish	nkhosa
sheer	zedi
sheet	pepala
sheik	mtsogoleri
shelf	alumali
shell	chipolopolo
shellfish	nkhono
shelling	kugwidwa
shelter	malo ogona
sheltered	atetezedwa
shelters	malo ogona
shelved	kusungidwa
shepherd	mbusa
sherbet	sherbet
sheriff	sheriff
sherry	sherry
shield	chitetezo
shift	kusintha
shifting	kusuntha
shifty	shifty
shilling	shilling
shimmer	kusindikiza
shimmering	shimmering
shimmy	shimmy
shin	chiwonongeko
shindig	shindig
shine	kuwala
shiner	zovuta
shingle	shingle
shining	kuwala
shiny	yonyezimira
ship	tumizani
shipment	kutumizidwa
shipping	Manyamulidwe
shipshape	chikhomo
shipwreck	ngalawa inasweka
shipyard	chombo
shire	shire
shirt	malaya
shit	mdima
shitday	NO TRANSLATION
shitfaced	amawombera
shithead	shithead
shitless	osasamala
shitload	shitload
shittest	NO TRANSLATION
shitty	wonyansa
shiver	kunjenjemera
shivering	kunjenjemera
shoals	nsalu
shock	kudabwa
shocked	anadabwa
shocker	shocker
shocking	chodabwitsa
shockingly	modabwitsa
shoddy	shoddy
shoe	nsapato
shoelace	shoelace
shoemaker	shoemaker
shoes	nsapato
shoeshine	shoeshine
shook	kunagwedezeka
shoot	kuwombera
shooter	chowombera
shooting	kuwombera
shootout	kuwombera
shop	malonda
shopkeeper	wogulitsa
shoplifter	wogulitsa m'masitolo
shoplifting	kugulitsa m'masitolo
shopper	shopper
shopping	kugula
shore	gombe
shoreline	nyanja
shorn	wadula
short	zochepa
short story	nkhani yachidule
shortage	kusowa
shortcake	zochepa
shortcoming	kusowa kwake
shortcut	njira yachidule
shorten	kuchepetsani
shortening	kuchepetsa
shorthand	shorthand
shortly	posachedwa
shortness	kuchepa
shorts	zazifupi
shortstop	zosakhalitsa
shortwave	shortwave
shot	kuwombera
shotgun	mfuti
shoulder	phemba
shout	kufuula
shove	dulani
shovel	fosholo
shoveling	fosholo
show	kusonyeza
showbiz	showbiz
showboat	chowonekera
showcase	kusonyeza
showdown	chiwonetsero
shower	sambani
showgirl	showgirl
showing	kusonyeza
showoff	onetsetsera
showroom	chipinda chowonetsera
showy	zosangalatsa
shrapnel	shrapnel
shred	kudetsedwa
shrew	wonyenga
shrewd	wochenjera
shriek	shriek
shrill	zosangalatsa
shrimp	shirimpi
shrine	kachisi
shrink	sungani
shrinking	kuchepa
shrivel	sangalalani
shroud	chovala
shrub	shrub
shrubbery	shrubbery
shrug	shrug
shrunk	inagwedezeka
shrunken	shrunken
shudder	kusokoneza
shuddering	kusokoneza
shuffle	sungani
shuffleboard	kuthamanga
shuffling	kusokoneza
shun	pewani
shunned	anasiya
shunt	shunt
shut	tseka
shutdown	Tsekani
shuteye	NO TRANSLATION
shutit	NO TRANSLATION
shutter	shutter
shuttle	kutseka
shutup	NO TRANSLATION
shy	wamanyazi
shyness	manyazi
shyster	shyiti
sib	NO TRANSLATION
sibling	mchimwene wanga
sic	sic
sick	odwala
sickbay	sickbay
sicken	wodwala
sickening	odwala
sickle	ngodya
sickly	odwala
sickness	matenda
side	mbali
sidearm	chopondera
sidebar	sidebar
sideboard	mbali
sideburns	sideburns
sidecar	sidecar
sidekick	mbali
sideline	sideline
sideshow	mbali
sidestep	sidestep
sidewalk	msewu wamsewu
sideways	mbali
sidewinder	kumbali
siege	kuzungulira
siesta	siesta
sieve	sieve
sift	sungani
sifting	kupuma
sigh	susa
sight	kuona
sighting	kuona
sightseeing	malo owona malo
sigma	sigma
sign	chizindikiro
signal	chizindikiro
signature	signature
significance	tanthauzo
significant	zofunikira
signification	tanthauzo
signify	kusonyeza
signpost	chizindikiro
silence	chete
silencer	silencer
silent	chete
silently	mwakachetechete
silhouette	zachilendo
silicon	silicon
silicone	silicone
silk	silika
silken	kusweka
silky	silky
sill	sill
silliness	chiwonongeko
silly	zopusa
silo	silo
silt	silt
silver	siliva
silverware	siliva
silvery	silvery
similar	zofanana
similarity	kufanana
simile	NO TRANSLATION
simmer	sammer
simmering	kukumva
simple	zosavuta
simples	NO TRANSLATION
simpleton	zosavuta
simplicity	kuphweka
simplify	khalani osavuta
simplistic	kuphweka
simply	mwachidule
simulate	yerekezerani
simulated	zofanana
simulating	kufanana
simulation	kuyimilira
simulator	simulator
simultaneous	nthawi imodzi
simultaneously	panthawi imodzi
sin	NO TRANSLATION
sincere	moona mtima
sincerity	kudzipereka
sinful	wochimwa
sing	kuimba
singer	woimba
singing	kuimba
single	osakwatiwa
singly	singly
singular	umodzi
singularity	osagwirizana
singularly	mwachindunji
sinister	wochimwa
sink	sinkani
sinker	kumira
sinking	akumira
sinner	wochimwa
sinning	kuchimwa
sinus	sinus
sip	sip
siphon	siphon
sipping	kupuma
sir	bwana
sire	sire
siren	siren
sirloin	sirloin
sissy	sissy
sister	mlongo
sisterhood	ubale
sit	khalani
sitcom	sitcom
site	malo
sith	sith
sitter	sitter
sitting	atakhala
situate	tengani
situated	ilipo
situation	zochitika
six	zisanu ndi chimodzi
sixpence	sixpence
sixteen	khumi ndi zisanu ndi chimodzi
sixth	chachisanu ndi chimodzi
sixty	makumi asanu ndi limodzi
sizable	zovuta
size	kukula
sizzle	sizzle
ska	NO TRANSLATION
skate	yenda momyata
skateboard	skateboard
skater	skater
skating	kusambira
skedaddle	skedaddle
skeet	skeet
skein	skein
skeletal	chigoba
skeleton	mafupa
skeptic	akukayikira
skeptical	osakayikira
skepticism	kukayikira
sketch	masewero
sketching	zojambulajambula
sketchy	zojambulajambula
skewed	skewed
skewer	skewer
ski	thambo
skid	skid
skier	skier
skiff	kusambira
skiing	kusambira
skijump	NO TRANSLATION
skill	luso
skilled	akatswiri
skillet	skillet
skillful	luso
skim	sungani
skimpy	skimpy
skin	khungu
skinny	khungu
skip	tsika
skipper	skipper
skirmish	skirmish
skirt	mketi
skirting	kusambira
skirts	masiketi
skit	skit
skittish	skittish
skull	Tsaga
skunk	skunk
sky	mlengalenga
skylight	kuwala kwawunika
skyline	zam'mwamba
skyscraper	kandimatchi
slab	slab
slack	kupuma
slag	slag
slam	slam
slammer	slammer
slander	miseche
slanderous	miseche
slang	slang
slant	slant
slap	kukwapula
slash	kupha
slashes	amawomba
slate	slate
slates	slates
slaughter	kuphedwa
slaughterhouse	nyumba yophera
slaughtering	kupha
slave	kapolo
slavery	ukapolo
slay	iphani
slayer	wakupha
sleaze	shirani
sleazy	sleazy
sled	NO TRANSLATION
sledding	kusunthira
sledge	sledge
sledgehammer	sledgehammer
sleek	zosalala
sleep	kugona
sleeper	ogona
sleeping	kugona
sleepless	osagona
sleeplessness	kugona
sleepover	woponya manja
sleepy	ogona
sleepyhead	kugona tulo
sleet	sleet
sleeve	malaya
sleeveless	wopanda manja
sleigh	woponya
sleight	kupha
slender	zochepa
sleuth	sleuth
slice	kagawo
slick	otayika
slicker	chotsitsa
slide	slide
slider	slide
sliding	kutayika
slight	pang'ono
slight anticipation	kuyembekezera pang'ono
slight disgust	pang'ono kunyansidwa
slight surprise	kudabwa pang'ono
slight trust	kudalira pang'ono
slightly	pang'ono
slightly negative	zoipa pang'ono
slightly positive	zabwino kwenikweni
slim	zochepa
slime	chotsitsa
slimy	slimy
sling	kuponyera
slingshot	slinghot
slink	slink
slinky	slinky
slip	kutaya
slipper	chotsitsa
slippers	zotchinga
slippery	otchinga
slit	kudula
sliver	chotsitsa
slob	slob
slobber	slobber
slogan	chilankhulo
sloop	sloop
slop	NO TRANSLATION
slope	mtunda
sloppy	osalankhula
slot	slot
sloth	kutaya
slouch	slchch
slough	slough
slow	akuchedwa
slowly	pang'onopang'ono
slowness	kuchepetsa
sludge	sludge
slug	slug
slugger	slugger
sluggish	waulesi
sluice	sluice
slum	slum
slumber	kugona
slump	slump
slur	slur
slurp	slurp
slush	slush
slut	slut
slutty	slutty
sly	sly
smack	sungani
small	zochepa
smaller	zochepa
smallest	kakang'ono kwambiri
smallpox	nthomba
smart	wochenjera
smartass	wopusa wochenjera
smarten	smarten
smarty	smarty
smash	smash
smashed	wasweka
smattering	kusweka
smear	smear
smell	fungo
smelling	kununkhiza
smelly	wodetsedwa
smelt	smelt
smidgen	smidgen
smile	kumwetulira
smiled	anamwetulira
smiles	kumwetulira
smiley	smiley
smiling	akumwetulira
smirk	smirk
smite	kanthe
smith	smith
smithereens	smithereens
smitten	adakanthidwa
smock	smock
smog	smog
smoke	kusuta
smoker	kusuta
smokey	smokey
smoking	Kusuta
smoky	kusuta
smoldering	kusuta
smooch	smooch
smooth	zosalala
smoothie	smoothie
smoothly	bwino
smoothness	zosavuta
smother	kusuta
smudge	smudge
smug	wodwala
smuggle	yambani
smuggler	kusuta
smuggling	kusuta
smut	smut
snack	chotukuka
snacks	kudya
snafu	snafu
snag	sungani
snags	ziphuphu
snail	nkhono
snake	njoka
snakes	njoka
snakeskin	njoka yamoto
snap	sungani
snapper	sungani
snappy	osasintha
snapshot	chithunzi
snare	msampha
snarl	sungani
snarling	kusangalatsa
snatch	kuthandizani
snatcher	wosaka
snazzy	snazzy
sneak	sneak
sneaker	sneaker
sneakers	masewera
sneaking	kunjenjemera
sneaky	osayenerera
sneer	kunyoza
sneeze	shenani
sneezing	kudula
snicker	wosuta
snide	chithunzi
sniff	sungani
snip	chingwe
snipe	sungani
sniper	sniper
snippet	snippet
snippy	osasamala
snitch	sungani
snob	snob
snoop	snoop
snoopy	osasamala
snooty	snooty
snooze	snooze
snore	sungani
snorkel	nkhwangwa
snort	sungani
snot	snot
snotty	zopanda pake
snout	kupuma
snow	chisanu
snowball	snowball
snowboard	snowboard
snowboarder	snowboarder
snowday	chisanu
snowfall	chisanu
snowflake	chipale chofewa
snowing	chisanu
snowmageddon	chipale chofewa
snowman	mvula ya snowman
snowplow	chipale chofewa
snowstorm	chipale chofewa
snowy	chisanu
snub	snub
snubbed	kukwapulidwa
snuff	chimfine
snug	chitukuko
snuggle	sungani
snuggled	anawombera
snuggles	imathamanga
snuggling	kukuwombera
soak	soak
soaked	wathyoka
soaking	akukwera
soangry	NO TRANSLATION
soannoyed	NO TRANSLATION
soap	sopo
soapbox	bokosi la sopo
soapy	sopo
soar	tuluka
soaring	akukwera
sob	NO TRANSLATION
sober	osamala
soblessed	NO TRANSLATION
sobriety	kudziletsa
soc	soc
soccer	mpira
sociable	kucheza nawo
social	chikhalidwe
socialanxiety	NO TRANSLATION
socialism	chikhalidwe
socialist	chikhalidwe
socialite	chikhalidwe
socialize	kusonkhana
society	anthu
sociology	chikhalidwe cha anthu
sociopath	chikhalidwe
sock	sock
socket	zitsulo
sod	sod
soda	soda
soda/pop	soda / pop
sodding	sodding
sodium	sodium
sofa	sofa
soft	zofewa
softball	softball
soften	kuchepetsa
softener	softener
softening	kuchepetsa
softly	mopepuka
softness	kufatsa
software	software
soggy	soggy
sohappy	wosangalala
soil	nthaka
soiled	wodetsedwa
soiree	soiree
sojourn	kukhala alendo
solace	chitonthozo
solar	dzuwa
solarium	solarium
solder	solder
soldering	soldering
soldier	msilikali
sole	chidendene
solemn	mwatsatanetsatane
solicit	funsani
solicitation	kupempha
solicitor	woweruza
solid	olimba
solidarity	mgwirizano
solidification	kulimbikitsa
solidified	zolimbitsa
solidify	kulimbitsa
solidity	olimba
solitaire	solitaire
solitary	wandekha
solitude	kusungulumwa
solo	solo
solubility	kusungunuka
soluble	sungunuka
solucky	solucky
solution	yankho
solve	kuthetsa
solvency	solvency
solvent	zosungunulira
somad	NO TRANSLATION
somatic	somatic
somber	somber
some anticipation	chiyembekezero china
some disgust	zina zonyansa
some surprise	zina zodabwa
some trust	ena amakhulupirira
somersault	somersault
somethingigetalot	NO TRANSLATION
somewhat negative	zinavuta
somewhat positive	zowoneka bwino
somuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
son	mwana
sonar	sonar
sonata	sonata
sonervous	NO TRANSLATION
song	nyimbo
songwriter	wolemba nyimbo
sonic	sonic
sonice	NO TRANSLATION
sonnet	sonnet
sonorous	sonorous
soot	mitsizi
soothe	chitonthozo
soothing	zolimbikitsa
sophisticated	zovuta
sophistication	kusinkhasinkha
sophomore	zosangalatsa
sopissed	NO TRANSLATION
soppy	soppy
soprano	soprano
sorcerer	wanyanga
sorcery	matsenga
sordid	zamatsenga
sore	zowawa
soready	soready
sorely	mopweteka kwambiri
soreness	kupweteka
sorghum	manyuchi
sorority	chisala
sorrow	chisoni
sorrowful	chisoni
sorry	pepani
sort	mtundu
sorter	NO TRANSLATION
sortie	NO TRANSLATION
sorting	kusankha
sos	NO TRANSLATION
soscared	zosungidwa
soscary	soscary
soslow	soslow
sostressed	NO TRANSLATION
sosweet	zabwino kwambiri
sothankful	NO TRANSLATION
sou	NO TRANSLATION
soul	moyo
soulful	soulful
soulless	zosautsa
soulmate	soulmate
sound	zomveka
sounding	kumveka
soundness	kumveka
soundproof	soundproof
soundtrack	soundtrack
soup	supu
sour	zowawa
source	gwero
sourpuss	sourpuss
south	kum'mwera
southbound	kum'mwera
southeast	kum'mwera chakum'mawa
southern	kum'mwera
southpaw	kum'mwera
southwest	kum'mwera chakumadzulo
souvenir	chikumbutso
sovereign	wolamulira
sovereignty	ulamuliro
soviet	soviet
sow	fesa
soy	soy
soy sauce	msuzi wa soya
soybean	soya
spa	spa
space	malo
spacecraft	ndege
spaceman	wokhala naye
spaceship	malo okwera
spacing	malo
spacious	lalikulu
spade	zokha
spaghetti	spaghetti
spam	sipamu
spammers	zosokoneza
span	NO TRANSLATION
spandex	spandex
spaniel	spaniel
spank	spank
spanking	kupalasa
spar	spar
spare	spare
spareribs	zopumira
sparingly	mochepa
spark	kutuluka
sparkle	imanyezimira
sparkling	yonyezimira
sparkly	mozizwitsa
sparring	kusuntha
sparrow	mpheta
sparse	zochepa
spasm	spasm
spastic	spastic
spat	spat
spatial	malo
spatter	spatter
spatula	spatula
spawn	spawn
spaz	spaz
speak	lankhulani
speakeasy	speakeasy
speaker	wokamba nkhani
speakerphone	foni yamakono
speaking	Kulankhula
spear	mkondo
spec	spec
special	wapadera
specialist	katswiri
speciality	zapadera
specialize	NO TRANSLATION
specially	makamaka
specialty	zapadera
specie	NO TRANSLATION
species	mitundu
specific	enieni
specification	malingaliro
specify	tchulani
specimen	fanizo
speck	speck
speckled	mawangamawanga
specs	zolemba
spectacle	zochititsa chidwi
spectacles	masewera
spectacular	zochititsa chidwi
spectator	woonerera
specter	specter
spectral	masewera
spectrometer	spectrometer
spectrophotometer	spectrophotometer
spectroscopy	zojambulajambula
spectrum	masewera
speculate	sankhani
speculation	malingaliro
speculative	zongopeka
speculum	speculum
speech	kulankhula
speechless	osalankhula
speed	liwiro
speedboat	speedboat
speedily	mwamsanga
speeding	kuthamanga
speedometer	mpikisano wothamanga
speedway	mwamsanga
speedy	mwamsanga
spell	spell
spellbound	spellbound
spelling	kalembedwe
spencer	spencer
spend	gwiritsani ntchito
spender	spender
spending	kugwiritsa ntchito
spent	watha
sperm	umuna
spew	spew
sphere	malo
spherical	ozungulira
sphincter	sphincter
sphinx	sphinx
spic	zonunkhira
spice	zonunkhira
spicy	zokometsera
spider	kangaude
spiders	akangaude
spiffy	spiffy
spigot	spigot
spike	nthenda
spiked	spiked
spiky	spiky
spill	spill
spillin	NO TRANSLATION
spin	spin
spinach	sipinachi
spinal	msana
spindle	kutsitsa
spine	msana
spineless	zopanda pake
spinner	spinner
spinning	kupota
spinster	spinster
spiny	zamatsenga
spiral	kutuluka
spire	spire
spirit	mzimu
spirited	zowawa
spirits	mizimu
spiritual	zauzimu
spirituality	moyo wauzimu
spit	kulavulira
spite	kupweteka
spiteful	zokwiya
spitfire	spitfire
spittoon	kupopera
splash	splash
splat	splat
splatter	splatter
spleen	nthata
splendid	zokongola
splendor	kukongola
splice	splice
spline	spline
splint	kupasuka
splinter	kupunduka
split	Gawa
splitting	kupatukana
splurge	splurge
spoil	kuwonongeka
spoiler	woponda
spoiling	kuwononga
spoils	zofunkha
spoke	analankhula
spoken	adayankhulidwa
spokesman	wolankhulira
spokesperson	wolankhula
sponge	siponji
spongy	spongy
sponsor	wothandizira
sponsorship	thandizo
spontaneity	kudzipatula
spontaneous	mwadzidzidzi
spoof	sungani
spook	kuwononga
spooky	zosapanganika
spool	spool
spoon	supuni
spoonful	supuni
sporadic	sporadic
spore	spore
sport	masewera
sporting	masewera
sports	masewera
sports car	galimoto yamasewera
sportsman	masewera
sportsmanship	sportmanship
sportswriter	wolemba masewera
sporty	masewera
spot	malo
spotless	opanda banga
spotlight	kuwala
spotted	amawona
spotter	spotter
spotty	malowa
spousal	okwatirana
spouse	mkazi
spout	spout
sprain	phokoso
sprawl	kupopera
spray	spray
spread	kufalikira
spreader	kufalitsa
spree	osankhidwa
spring	nyengo
springtime	nyengo yamasika
sprinkle	kuwaza
sprinkler	owaza
sprinkling	kukonkha
sprint	sprint
sprite	sprite
sprout	mphukira
spruce	spruce
spud	spud
spunk	spunk
spunky	spunky
spur	sangalalani
spurious	zonyansa
spurred	anakulira
spurt	spurt
spy	azondi
squabble	squabble
squad	gulu
squadron	squadron
squall	sungani
squamous	squamous
squander	sungani
square	zala
squash	sikwashi
squat	squat
squatter	ochepa
squaw	squaw
squawk	squawk
squeak	squeak
squeaky	kusokoneza
squeal	squeal
squealer	squealer
squeamish	squeamish
squeeze	Finyani
squeezing	kufinya
squelch	sungani
squid	sikwidi
squint	onetsetsani
squire	sungani
squirm	sangalalani
squirrel	gologololo
squirt	squirt
squish	squish
squishy	squishy
stab	mbola
stabbed	adabedwa
stability	kukhazikika
stabilize	kukhazikika
stabilizer	stabilizer
stable	khola
staccato	staccato
stack	kupaka
stadium	stadium
staff	antchito
stag	nswala
stage	siteji
stagecoach	nsanja
stagehand	stagehand
stagger	kunjenjemera
staggering	kudodometsa
stagnant	wochuluka
stagnation	kupuma
staid	tsono
stain	banga
stained	kudetsedwa
stainless	zosapanga
stair	stair
staircase	stasi
stairs	masitepe
stairway	masitepe
stairwell	masitepe
stake	mtengo
stakeout	pachimake
stale	stale
stalemate	kusokoneza
stalk	phesi
stalker	kupalasa
stall	khola
stallion	stallion
stalls	masitolo
stalwart	chiwonongeko
stamina	mphamvu
stamp	sitampu
stampede	kuponderezedwa
stance	mkhalidwe
stand	imani
standard	miyezo
standardize	onetsetsani
standardized	zovomerezeka
standby	yembekezera
standing	atayima
standoff	choyimira
standpoint	maganizo
standstill	kuyima
standup	imilirani
stanza	stanza
staph	staph
staple	zochepa
stapler	kusinthanitsa
star	nyenyezi
star fruit	chipatso cha nyenyezi
starboard	nyamayi
starch	starch
stardom	mwambo
stardust	kupirira
stare	yang'anani
starfish	starfish
stargazing	kugawidwa
staring	kuyang'ana
stark	zimakhala bwino
starlet	nyenyezi
starlight	nyenyezi
starling	njala
starry	nyenyezi
stars	nyenyezi
starship	starhip
start	kuyamba
starter	kuyamba
startle	chisokonezo
startled	kudabwa
startling	kudabwa
starvation	njala
starve	njala
starved	njala
starving	njala
stash	stash
stat	stat
state	boma
stately	wokongola kwambiri
statement	mawu
stateroom	stateroom
stateside	stateside
statesman	mtsogoleri
static	static
staticky	NO TRANSLATION
statics	statics
station	sitima
stationary	chokhazikika
stationery	zolemba
statistic	chiwerengero
statistical	ziwerengero
statistician	owerenga masewera
stator	stator
statuary	zosinthika
statue	fano
statuette	statuette
stature	thunthu
status	udindo
statute	lamulo
statutory	malamulo
staunch	kuthamanga
stave	sungani
stay	khalani
stayaway	NO TRANSLATION
stayed	anakhala
stays	amakhala
stead	m'malo mwake
steadfast	osasunthika
steady	khazikika
steak	steak
steakhouse	khola
steal	kuba
stealing	kuba
stealth	kubisa
stealthily	mwachinyengo
stealthy	stealthy
steam	nthunzi
steamboat	steamboat
steamer	nthunzi
steaming	kuyendetsa
steamroller	steamroller
steamship	sitima
steamy	steamy
steel	zitsulo
steep	mwamphamvu
steeple	nsanja
steer	mpweya
steering	oyendetsa
stellar	stellar
stem	tsinde
stench	kununkhira
stencil	stencil
stenographer	wojambula zithunzi
step	sitepe
stepdaughter	mwana wamasiye
stepfather	bambo abambo
stepmother	amayi opeza
steppe	steppe
steps	masitepe
stepson	stepon
stereo	stereo
stereoscopic	zosawerengeka
stereotype	zojambula
stereotyped	kusinthika
sterile	wosabala
sterility	wosabereka
sterilize	samatenthetsa
sterling	sterling
stern	mwamphamvu
sternum	sternum
steroid	steroid
stethoscope	stethoscope
stew	mphodza
steward	woyang'anira
stewardess	wopondereza
stewardship	utsogoleri
stfu	stfu
stick	sungani
sticker	choyimitsa
sticking	kumamatira
stickler	sungani
stickup	kusinkhasinkha
sticky	zovuta
stiff	ouma
stiffen	kuuma
stiffness	kuuma
stifle	kanizani
stifled	adanyozedwa
stifling	kusokoneza
stigma	manyazi
stile	NO TRANSLATION
stiletto	stiletto
stillbirth	kubereka
stillborn	anabadwa
stillness	bata
stillwaiting	NO TRANSLATION
stilts	ziphuphu
stimulant	zosangalatsa
stimulate	kulimbikitsa
stimulating	zolimbikitsa
stimulation	zokopa
stimulus	zolimbikitsa
sting	kuluma
stinger	mbola
stinging	kupweteka
stingy	zovuta
stink	kununkha
stinker	kununkhira
stinking	kununkhira
stinky	kununkhira
stint	mphuno
stipend	chigonjetso
stipulate	fotokozani
stipulation	kukakamiza
stir	kusokoneza
stirring	oyambitsa
stitch	kusinthana
stitching	kudula
stock	katundu
stockade	kusungidwa
stockbroker	wosungira ndalama
stockholder	wosunga katundu
stocking	kusungira
stockings	zokopa
stockpile	kusunga
stockroom	yosungira katundu
stocks	malonda
stoic	stoic
stole	anaba
stolen	kuba
stomach	mimba
stomachache	kuwawa kwam'mimba
stomp	stomp
stomped	adadulidwa
stone	mwala
stoned	ataponyedwa miyala
stonewall	miyala ya miyala
stoneware	miyala
stony	miyala
stooge	siya
stool	chitseko
stools	mipando
stoop	chita
stoopid	choyimira
stop	Imani
stopover	khalani chete
stoppage	kuchepetsa
stopper	choyimitsa
stopping	kuima
stopwatch	stopwatch
storage	yosungirako
store	sitolo
storefront	m'mbuyo
storehouse	nyumba yosungiramo katundu
storeroom	yosungirako
storing	kusungirako
storm	mphepo
storming	zovuta
stormy	chimphepo
story	nkhani
storybook	buku la nkhani
storyteller	wokonda nkhani
storytelling	kulankhulana
stound	sungani
stout	olimba
stove	chitofu
stow	mbola
stowaway	kugwa
straddle	kusokoneza
straight	Molunjika
straighten	yongolani
straightforward	molunjika
straightway	mwamsanga
strain	mavuto
strained	kufooka
strait	vuto
straitjacket	straitjacket
straits	mavuto
strand	chingwe
stranded	zopanda pake
strange	zachilendo
stranger	mlendo
strangle	sungani
strangulation	kusokoneza
strap	nsalu
strapless	osasunthika
strapping	kudula
strata	chingwe
strategic	zolinga
strategist	katswiri
strategy	njira
stratification	stratification
stratosphere	stratosphere
stratum	chingwe
stratus	stratus
straw	udzu
strawberry	sitiroberi
stray	amasochera
streak	streak
streaked	zofalikira
stream	mtsinje
streamer	streamer
streaming	kusindikizidwa
streamline	sungani
street	msewu
streetcar	sitima ya pamtunda
streetlight	msewu wamsewu
strength	mphamvu
strengthen	kulimbitsa
strengthening	kulimbikitsa
strenuous	zovuta
strep	mzere
stress	nkhawa
stressed	anatsindika
stresses	kupsinjika
stressfree	NO TRANSLATION
stressful	zovuta
stressin	NO TRANSLATION
stressing	kudandaula
stressrelief	NO TRANSLATION
stretch	kutambasula
stretcher	machira
stricken	anagwedezeka
strict	zovuta
stride	ndondomeko
strife	mikangano
strike	yesani
strikeout	kuwomba
striker	wosaka
striking	kumenyana
strikingly	mochititsa chidwi
string	chingwe
strings	zingwe
stringy	zovuta
strip	dulani
stripe	Mzere
striped	zofiira
stripped	atachotsedwa
stripper	woponya
striptease	chotsitsa
strive	yesetsani
strobe	strobe
stroke	kupwetekedwa
stroll	kuyenda
stroller	wopondaponda
strolling	kuyenda
strong	olimba
stronghold	malo otetezeka
strongly	mwamphamvu
structural	zomangamanga
structure	mawonekedwe
strudel	strudel
struggle	kulimbana
strut	sungani
stub	phula
stubbed	adagwedezeka
stubble	mapesi
stubborn	osamvera
stubbornness	kusamvera
stubby	kukonda
stucco	stuko
stuck	anatsamira
stuckup	NO TRANSLATION
stud	mphunzitsi
studded	odulidwa
student	wophunzira
studied	anaphunzira
studio	studio
study	kuphunzira
stuff	zinthu
stuffed animal	nyama yokongoletsedwa
stuffing	kuyika
stuffy	zonyansa
stumble	kukhumudwa
stump	chitsa
stumped	adagwa
stun	kudulira
stunned	kudabwa
stunner	stunner
stunning	zodabwitsa
stunt	kusinthasintha
stunted	kudumphadumpha
stuntman	wopondereza
stupefaction	zovuta
stupefy	stupefy
stupendous	zosangalatsa
stupid	wopusa
stupidity	kupusa
stupidpeople	NO TRANSLATION
stupidrain	NO TRANSLATION
stupor	kunyalanyaza
sturdy	olimba
sturgeon	sturgeon
stutter	stutter
sty	makina
style	kalembedwe
styling	zojambulajambula
stylish	wokongola
stylist	stylist
suave	suave
sub	gawo
subatomic	subatomic
subcommittee	subcommittee
subconscious	chikumbumtima
subcutaneous	subcutaneous
subdivide	gambani
subdivision	kugundana
subduction	kugawidwa
subdue	kugonjetsa
subdued	anagonjetsedwa
subdural	subdural
subito	NO TRANSLATION
subject	nkhani
subjected	anagonjetsedwa
subjection	kugonjera
subjective	kudzipereka
subjugation	kugonjetsedwa
sublet	sublet
sublevel	kusokoneza
sublimation	sublimation
sublime	zosangalatsa
subliminal	zosamalitsa
submarine	sitima zam'madzi
submerge	onjezani
submerged	inamira m'madzi
submersible	submersible
submission	kusonyeza
submissive	kugonjera
submit	tumizani
submitting	kugonjera
subordinate	pansi
subordination	kugwirizana
subplot	subplot
subpoena	subpoena
subscribe	pezani
subscriber	wolemba
subscription	zolembetsa
subsequence	potsatira
subsequent	kenako
subsequently	kenako
subservient	zimagonjetsa
subset	gawo
subside	gonjetsani
subsidence	subsidence
subsidiary	zochepa
subsidize	kuwathandiza
subsidy	thandizo
subsist	sungani
subsistence	ndalama
subsoil	chiwonongeko
subspace	chotsatira
substance	katundu
substandard	zochepa
substantial	zazikulu
substantially	kwambiri
substantiate	zitsitsimutso
substantive	chotsatira
substation	gawo
substitute	cholowa mmalo
substituted	m'malo mwake
substitution	kusintha
substructure	kumalo
subterranean	subterranean
subtext	zolemba
subtitle	subtitle
subtle	wochenjera
subtlety	zamatsenga
subtract	chotsani
subtraction	kuchotsa
subtype	subtype
suburb	midzi
suburban	kumidzi
suburbia	suburbia
suburbs	madera
subversion	kusokoneza
subversive	kusokoneza
subvert	kusokoneza
subway	njanji zapansi panthaka
succeed	kupambana
succeeding	kupambana
success	kupambana
successful	kupambana
succession	kutsagana
successive	motsatizana
successor	wotsatira
succinct	zosangalatsa
succubus	sucubus
succulent	zokoma
succumb	kuthandizidwa
suck	kuyamwa
sucker	sucker
sucking	kuyamwa
suckling	kuyamwa
sucks	imayamwa
suction	kuyamwa
sudden	mwadzidzidzi
suddenly	mwadzidzidzi
suds	sud
sue	sue
suede	suede
suffer	akuvutika
sufferer	wodwalayo
suffering	kuvutika
suffice	ndikwanira
sufficiency	okwanira
sufficient	okwanira
sufficiently	mokwanira
suffix	chokwanira
suffocate	zikhazikike
suffocating	kutsekemera
suffocation	Kutupa
sugar	shuga
suggest	zisonyeza
suggestion	malingaliro
suggestive	zosangalatsa
suicidal	kudzipha
suicide	kudzipha
suicidebombing	NO TRANSLATION
suit	suti
suitable	abwino
suitcase	sutikesi
suite	pitirizani
suitor	wotsutsa
sulfate	sulfate
sulfur	sulufule
sulk	sulk
sullen	kukhumudwa
sully	sully
sulphur	sulufule
sultan	sultan
sultry	zosangalatsa
sum	chiwerengero
summarily	mwachidule
summarize	mwachidule
summary	chidule
summation	chidule
summer	chilimwe
summerhouse	summerhouse
summertime	nyengo yachilimwe
summit	msonkhano
summon	dandaula
summons	akuitana
sumo	sumo
sump	sump
sumptuous	zopanda pake
sun	dzuwa
sunbeam	sunbeam
sunburn	kutentha kwa dzuwa
sundae	sundae
sunday	dzuwa
sundial	sundial
sundown	dzuwa litalowa
sundry	sundry
sunflower	mpendadzuwa
sunglass	magalasi
sunglasses	magalasi
sunk	kutentha
sunken	sunken
sunless	yopanda dzuwa
sunlight	dzuwa
sunny	dzuwa
sunrise	kutuluka kwa dzuwa
sunroof	dzuwa
sunscreen	zowonjezera
sunset	dzuwa litalowa
sunshine	dzuwa
suntan	dzuwa
sunup	sunup
sup	sup
super	wapamwamba
superannuation	superannuation
superb	wapamwamba kwambiri
superficial	mopanda phindu
superfluous	zopanda pake
superhero	zokongola
superhuman	woposa anthu
superimposed	wapamwamba
superintendent	superintendent
superior	wapamwamba
superiority	kupambana
superlative	zosangalatsa kwambiri
superman	superman
supermarket	supamaketi
supermodel	supermodel
supernatant	kupambana
supernatural	zauzimu
supernova	supernova
superposition	kupangidwira
superpower	wopambana
supersede	supersede
superstar	nyenyezi yamakedzana
superstition	zikhulupiriro zamatsenga
superstitious	kukhulupirira zamatsenga
superstore	zamatsenga
supervise	kuyang'anira
supervision	kuyang'anira
supervisor	woyang'anira
supper	chakudya chamadzulo
suppertime	chakudya chamadzulo
supplant	kudwalitsani
supple	zindikirani
supplement	kuwonjezera
supplemental	supplemental
supplementary	chowonjezera
supplication	pembedzero
supplier	perekani
supplies	amapereka
supply	kupereka
support	thandizo
supported	adathandizidwa
supporter	wothandizira
supporters	othandizira
supporting	kuthandizira
supportive	kuthandizira
suppose	tiyerekeze
supposed	amati
supposing	ndikuganiza
supposition	kumvetsa
suppress	thandizani
suppression	kuchotsa
supremacy	ukulu
supreme	wapamwamba
supremely	kwambiri
surcharge	zolemetsa
sure	zedi
surety	chiwonongeko
surf	kusambira
surface	pamwamba
surfboard	mawotchi
surfer	perekani
surge	kutuluka
surgeon	opaleshoni
surgery	opaleshoni
surgical	opaleshoni
surly	zokondweretsa
surmise	kupitiliza
surname	dzina lake
surpassing	zopambana
surplus	zopitirira
surprise	kudabwa
surprised	kudabwa
surprises	zodabwitsa
surprising	zodabwitsa
surprisingly	zodabwitsa
surreal	surreal
surrender	kudzipereka
surrendering	kudzipereka
surrogate	kukhudzidwa
surround	kuzungulira
surrounding	pafupi
surroundings	zozungulira
surveillance	kuyang'anira
survey	kufufuza
surveying	kufufuza
surveyor	wofufuza
survival	kupulumuka
survive	kupulumuka
surviving	kupulumuka
survivor	wopulumuka
susceptibility	kukhudzidwa
susceptible	atengeke
sushi	sushi
suspect	akukayikira
suspected	akukayikira
suspend	kuimitsa
suspended	kuimitsidwa
suspenders	kusokoneza
suspense	kusinkhasinkha
suspension	kuimitsa
suspicion	kukayikira
suspicions	zokayikitsa
suspicious	akukayikira
sustain	pitirizani
sustained	adalimbikitsidwa
sustenance	chakudya
suture	suture
suv	suv
sux	NO TRANSLATION
swab	swab
swag	kudzikoka
swagger	wosungira
swallow	kumeza
swami	swami
swamp	dzombe
swamped	adayenda
swampy	mvula
swan	swan
swank	swank
swap	sintha
swarm	dzombe
swarming	kuthamanga
swastika	swastika
swat	swat
sway	sway
swear	lumbira
swearing	kulumbirira
sweat	thukuta
sweater	thukuta
sweating	thukuta
sweatshirt	sweatshirt
sweatshop	sweatshop
sweaty	thukuta
sweep	sintha
sweeper	sintha
sweeping	akukuta
sweet	zokoma
sweeten	sweeten
sweetened	zokoma
sweetener	sweetener
sweetest	zokoma kwambiri
sweetheart	wokondedwa
sweetie	sweetie
sweetness	kukoma
sweets	maswiti
swell	phokoso
swelling	kutupa
sweltering	kupuma
swerve	swerve
swift	wothamanga
swiftly	mofulumira
swig	swig
swill	swill
swim	kusambira
swimmer	kusambira
swimming	kusambira
swimsuit	kusambira
swindle	kusuta
swindler	wosuta
swine	nkhumba
swing	swing
swinger	swinger
swinging	kusuntha
swipe	swede
swirl	swirl
swish	swish
switch	sintha
switchblade	sintha
switchboard	kusintha
swivel	swivel
swollen	kutupa
swoon	swoon
swoop	swoop
sword	lupanga
swordfish	nsomba zamipeni
swordplay	khalid
swordsman	wosula malupanga
sycamore	sycamore
syllable	syllable
syllabus	silabasi
symbiotic	chitsimikizo
symbol	chizindikiro
symbolic	chophiphiritsa
symbolically	mophiphiritsira
symbolism	chizindikiro
symbolize	amaimira
symmetric	zofanana
symmetrical	zogwirizana
symmetry	kusakanikirana
sympathetic	wachifundo
sympathize	kumvetsa chisoni
sympathy	chifundo
symphonic	nyimbo
symphony	symphony
symposium	nkhani yosiyirana
symptom	chizindikiro
symptomatic	zizindikiro
synagogue	sunagoge
synapse	kusinthasintha
synaptic	synaptic
sync	sync
synchronize	synchronize
synchronous	ma synchronous
syncope	syncope
syndicate	syndicate
syndrome	matenda
synergistic	synergistic
synergy	synergy
synod	synod
synonym	mawu ofanana
synonymous	chimodzimodzi
synopsis	mawu otsindika
synoptic	mawu amodzi
syntax	mawu ofanana
synthesis	kaphatikizidwe
synthesizer	synthesizer
synthetic	kupanga
syphilis	syphilis
syringe	sirinji
syrup	syrup
system	dongosolo
systematic	mwachizolowezi
systematically	mwadongosolo
t-shirt	t-shirt
tab	tabu
tabasco	tabasco
tabby	mabukhu
tabernacle	kachisi
table	tebulo
tableau	NO TRANSLATION
tablecloth	nsalu ya tebulo
tablespoon	supuni
tablet	piritsi
tableware	tableware
tabloid	tabloid
taboo	taboo
tabular	malemba
tabulate	lembani
tabulation	malemba
tachometer	tachometer
tacit	tacit
tack	tack
tackle	kuthandizani
tackled	atakonzedwa
tackling	kuthamanga
tacky	tacky
taco	taco
tact	kulingalira
tactful	kusamala
tactic	njira
tactical	zamatsenga
tactics	machenjerero
tactile	tactile
tad	NO TRANSLATION
tadpole	tadpole
taffeta	taffeta
taffy	taffy
tag	tag
tail	mchira
tailed	tailed
tailgate	mzere
tailings	miyendo
taillight	mdima
tailor	yambani
tailoring	kukonza
tailpipe	mchira
taint	chitonzo
take	tengani
takeoff	Nyamuka
takeout	Chotsani
takeover	pitiliza
taker	taker
talcum	talcum
tale	nkhani
talent	talente
talented	luso
talisman	chithumwa
talk	lankhulani
talkative	kulankhula
talker	wolankhula
tall	wamtali
tallies	tallies
tallow	tallow
tally	tally
talon	talon
talons	NO TRANSLATION
tambourine	maseche
tame	NO TRANSLATION
tamer	tamer
taming	kukweza
tamper	kusokoneza
tampon	tampon
tan	tani
tandem	tandem
tang	tang
tangent	tangent
tangerine	gelegedeya
tangible	zooneka
tangle	tangle
tangled	atasokonezeka
tango	tango
tank	tank
tank top	tank top
tanker	tchire
tanned	tanned
tantalizing	zosangalatsa
tantamount	zofanana
tantrum	kukwiya
taoism	taoism
tap	tapani
tape	tepi
tape measure	tepiyeso
taper	taper
tapering	tapering
tapestry	tapestry
tapeworm	tapeworm
tapioca	tapioca
taps	matepi
tar	tar
tarantula	tarantula
tardiness	kusachedwa
tardy	tardy
target	cholinga
targeted	zolinga
targeting	zolinga
tariff	ndalama
tarmac	mphukira
tarnish	kuwononga
tarot	tarot
tarp	NO TRANSLATION
tarry	khalani
tart	tart
tartan	tartan
tartar	tartar
task	ntchito
tassel	ngayaye
taste	kulawa
tasteful	zokoma
tasteless	zopanda pake
tasting	kulawa
tasty	chokoma
tat	tat
tattler	tattler
tattletale	katemera
tattoo	zojambulajambula
taught	anaphunzitsidwa
taunt	kunyoza
taupe	taupe
taut	taut
tavern	tavern
tawdry	tawdry
tawny	tawny
tax	msonkho
taxed	msonkho
taxi	taxi
taxicab	thirakiti
taxonomy	taxonomy
taxpayer	wokhomera msonkho
tea	tiyi
teach	dziwani
teacher	mphunzitsi
teaching	kuphunzitsa
teacup	teacup
teahouse	chimbudzi
teal	teal
team	gulu
teamjesus	NO TRANSLATION
teammate	wothandizana naye
teamwork	kugwira ntchito limodzi
teapot	teapot
tear	kudula
tearful	kulira
tearsofjoy	NO TRANSLATION
teary	atha
tease	kudula
teaser	teaser
teasing	kunyoza
teaspoon	supuni
teat	teat
teatime	zovuta
tech	tech
technical	zamakono
technicality	luso
technician	katswiri
technique	njira
techno	techno
technological	sayansi
technology	teknoloji
ted	ted
teddy bear	chidole
tedious	zovuta
tedium	tedium
tee	tee
teeming	zolemba
teen	wachinyamata
teenage	wachinyamata
teenager	wachinyamata
teens	achinyamata
teensy	achinyamata
teeny	teeny
teeth	mano
teething	zovuta
teflon	teflon
telegram	telegram
telegraph	telegraph
telekinesis	telekinesis
telemetry	telemetry
telepathic	telepathic
telepathy	telepathy
telephone	telefoni
telescope	telescope
telescopic	telescopic
telethon	telethon
teletype	teletype
televised	televised
television	televizioni
tell	tauzani
teller	wouza
telling	kuwuza
telltale	telltale
temp	nyengo
temper	mkwiyo
tempera	tempera
temperament	chikhalidwe
temperamental	kudziletsa
temperance	kudziletsa
temperate	kudziletsa
temperature	kutentha
tempered	wokwiya
tempest	mphepo yamkuntho
template	template
temple	kachisi
tempo	NO TRANSLATION
temporal	nyengo
temporarily	kwa kanthawi
temporary	zosakhalitsa
tempt	kuyesa
temptation	mayesero
tempting	kuyesa
temptress	temptress
ten	khumi
tenable	chokhazikika
tenacious	olimba mtima
tenacity	kulimba mtima
tenancy	malo
tenant	wothandizira
tend	tengerani
tendency	chizoloŵezi
tender	zachifundo
tenderfoot	wachikondi
tenderness	chifundo
tending	kukonda
tendon	tendon
tenement	tenement
tenet	tenet
tenets	miyambo
tenfold	khumi
tennis	tennis
tenor	tchalitchi
tense	nthawi
tensile	kuthamanga
tension	kukangana
tent	hema
tentacle	chihema
tentative	kuyesa
tenth	chakhumi
tenths	khumi
tenuous	tenuous
tenure	udindo
tepee	tepee
tepid	zovuta
tequila	tequila
teriyaki	teriyaki
term	nthawi
terminal	Pokwerera
terminate	lekani
termination	kutha
terminator	terminator
terminology	mawu omveka
terminus	terminus
termite	chiwonongeko
terms	mawu
tern	tern
ternary	ternary
terrace	mtunda
terrain	malo
terrestrial	padziko lapansi
terrible	zoopsa
terribly	zovuta
terrier	zovuta
terrific	mantha
terrified	mantha
terrifies	mantha
terrify	mantha
terrifying	zoopsa
territorial	gawo
territory	gawo
terror	mantha
terrorism	uchigawenga
terrorist	zigawenga
terrorists	zigawenga
terrorize	kuopseza
terse	kutsika
tertiary	maphunziro apamwamba
test	mayesero
testament	pangano
testicle	zolemba
testicular	testicular
testify	umboni
testimonial	umboni
testimony	umboni
testosterone	testosterone
testy	NO TRANSLATION
tetanus	tetanasi
tether	tether
tethered	kumangirira
tetrahedral	tetrahedral
text	malemba
textbook	zolemba
textile	nsalu
textural	zolembedwera
texture	mawonekedwe
tgif	tgif
thank	zikomo
thankful	othokoza
thankgod	Tiyamike ambuye
thanking	zikomo
thankless	osayamika
thanks	zikomo
thanksalot	NO TRANSLATION
thanksgiving	zikomo
thankyougod	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoujesus	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoulord	NO TRANSLATION
thatch	nsomba
thatmoment	NO TRANSLATION
thaumaturgy	thaumaturgy
thaw	thaw
theater	masewera
theatrical	masewero
theatrics	theatrics
thebest	bwino kwambiri
theft	kuba
theism	theism
theistic	theistic
thelife	thelife
thelittlethings	NO TRANSLATION
theme	mutu
theocracy	boma
theocratic	zachipembedzo
theologian	wazamulungu
theological	zamulungu
theology	zamulungu
theorem	theorem
theoretical	zopeka
theory	chiphunzitso
therapeutic	mankhwala
therapeutics	mankhwala
therapist	katswiri
therapy	mankhwala
thereabouts	pamenepo
thereof	zake
therewith	pamenepo
thermal	kutentha
thermocouple	thermocouple
thermodynamics	thermodynamics
thermometer	thermometer
thermos	thermos
thermostat	mpweya
thesaurus	thesaurus
thesis	chiphunzitso
thick	wandiweyani
thicken	thicken
thickening	kuphulika
thicket	chingwe
thickness	makulidwe
thief	wakuba
thigh	ntchafu
thimble	thimble
thin	woonda
thing	chinthu
things	zinthu
thingy	chinthu
think	ganizirani
thinker	woganiza
thinking	kuganiza
third	chachitatu
thirds	magawo atatu
thirst	ludzu
thirsty	waludzu
thirteen	khumi ndi zitatu
thirteenth	khumi ndi zitatu
thirty	makumi atatu
thistle	nthula
thither	kumeneko
thong	thong
thorn	munga
thorny	minga
thorough	bwinobwino
thoroughbred	bwino
thoroughfare	thoroughfare
thought	kuganiza
thoughtful	woganizira
thoughtfulness	kulingalira
thoughtless	osaganiza
thoughts	maganizo
thousand	zikwi
thrash	thrash
thread	ulusi
threat	mantha
threaten	kuopseza
threatened	anaopsezedwa
threatening	kuopseza
three	atatu
threefold	katatu
threesome	katatu
thresh	phulani
threshold	kumalo
thrice	katatu
thrift	nthawi zambiri
thrifty	chisokonezo
thrill	zosangalatsa
thrilled	osangalala
thriller	zokondweretsa
thrilling	zosangalatsa
thrive	zimakula bwino
thriving	kukulirakulira
throat	mmero
throb	kupweteka
throbbing	kugwedezeka
throes	akupweteka
throne	mpando wachifumu
throng	khamu
throttle	kupweteka
throw	kuponyera
throwback	kuponyedwa
thrower	woponya
thrown	kuponyedwa
thrush	thrush
thrust	kuponyedwa
thruster	thruster
thud	thud
thug	thug
thumb	thumb
thumbprint	thumbprint
thump	thump
thumper	thumper
thumping	kuthamanga
thunder	bingu
thunderbolt	bingu
thunderclap	bingu
thundering	mabingu
thunderstorm	mabingu
thunderstruck	thunderstruck
thwart	kusokoneza
thx	THX
thyme	thyme
thyroid	chithokomiro
tiara	tiara
tibia	tibia
tic	tic
tick	chongani
ticked	amachotsedwa
ticker	ticker
ticket	tikiti
tickle	kondwerani
tickled	kudabwa
ticklish	ticklish
tidal	tidal
tidal wave	mawonekedwe ozungulira
tidbit	tidbit
tide	mafunde
tidings	nkhani
tidy	zokoma
tie	tayi
tier	gawo limodzi
tiff	tiff
tiger	tiger
tighten	imitsani
tightness	zolimba
tightrope	tightrope
tights	zojambulajambula
tilde	tilde
tile	tile
tiling	kusindikiza
till	NO TRANSLATION
tillage	kusuntha
tiller	tiller
tilt	kutsitsa
tilting	kusokoneza
timber	matabwa
timberland	timberland
timbre	mgwirizano
time	nthawi
timeless	zosakhalitsa
timeliness	timeliness
timely	nthawi yake
timeout	lekeza panjira
timepiece	chidutswa cha nthawi
timer	timer
times	nthawi
timetable	ndondomeko
timewasters	NO TRANSLATION
timid	wamantha
timidity	manyazi
timing	nthawi
tin	NO TRANSLATION
tincture	tincture
tine	NO TRANSLATION
tinfoil	tinfoil
tinge	tinge
tingle	tingle
tingling	kumangirira
tinker	tinker
tinkering	kusinkhasinkha
tinkle	NO TRANSLATION
tinkling	kusinkhasinkha
tinnitus	tinnitus
tinsel	tinsel
tint	tint
tiny	kakang'ono
tip	nsonga
tipper	tipper
tipster	tipster
tipsy	tipsy
tiptoe	tiptoe
tirade	tirade
tire	tayala
tired	wotopa
tiredness	kutopa
tiredofit	NO TRANSLATION
tireless	osatopa
tiresome	zovuta
tiring	zovuta
tissue	minofu
tistheseason	NO TRANSLATION
tit	tit
titan	titani
titanic	titanic
titanium	titaniyamu
tithe	chakhumi
title	mutu
titled	wotchulidwa
titty	titty
titular	NO TRANSLATION
toad	chophimba
toast	toast
toaster	choponderetsa
toasty	zosautsa
tobacco	fodya
toby	toby
tod	tod
today	lero
toddler	wang'ono
toe	zala
toenail	zitha
toffee	toffee
tofu	tofu
toga	NO TRANSLATION
together	pamodzi
togetherness	mgwirizano
toil	kuvutikira
toilet	chimbudzi
toils	zovuta
token	chizindikiro
tolerable	zolekerera
tolerance	kulekerera
tolerant	kulekerera
tolerate	kulekerera
toleration	kulekerera
toll	Dipo
tomahawk	tomahawk
tomato	tomato
tomatoes	tomato
tomb	manda
tombstone	manda
tomcat	tomcat
tome	tome
tomorrow	mawa
ton	NO TRANSLATION
tone	foni
toner	toner
tong	NO TRANSLATION
tongs	mbendera
tongue	lilime
tonic	zosangalatsa
tonnage	tonnage
tonsils	toni
toocold	NO TRANSLATION
tool	chida
toolbox	bokosi
tooling	kugwiritsa ntchito zida
toomuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
toot	toot
tooth	dzino
toothache	Dzino la Dzino
toothbrush	mabotolo
toothed	toothed
toothless	opanda pake
toothpaste	mankhwala opumira
toothpick	chotokosera mano
toots	zitsulo
top	pamwamba
topaz	topazi
topic	mutu
topical	zamatsenga
topless	zopanda pake
topographic	zojambulajambula
topographical	zojambula
topography	zojambulajambula
topple	kugwedeza
topside	pamwamba
tor	tor
torch	nyali
torment	kuzunzika
tormented	kuzunzidwa
torn	atang'ambika
tornado	chimphepo
torpedo	torpedo
torque	nthawi
torrent	mtsinje
torrid	thunzi
torsion	kutentha
torso	torso
tort	cholakwika
tortious	zowawa
tortoise	fulu
tortuous	zowawa
torture	kuzunza
tortured	kuzunzidwa
toss	kuponyera
tot	NO TRANSLATION
total	chiwerengero
totality	zonse
totally	kwathunthu
tote	tote
totem	totem
touch	kukhudza
touchdown	kukhudzidwa
touched	anakhudzidwa
touching	yogwira mtima
touchy	zovuta
tough	zovuta
toughen	toughen
toughness	kuvutika
toupee	toupee
tour	ulendo
tourism	zokopa alendo
tourist	alendo
tourmaline	tourmaline
tournament	masewera
tourniquet	zojambula
tout	NO TRANSLATION
tow	tow
towel	thaulo
tower	nsanja
towering	towering
town	tawuni
townhouse	townhouse
township	township
townspeople	anthu a m'mudzi
toxic	poizoni
toxicity	poizoni
toxicology	toxicology
toxin	poizoni
toy	chidole
toymaker	toymaker
trace	tsatanetsatane
traceable	zosavuta
tracer	wotsutsa
traces	zochitika
trachea	trachea
tracing	kufufuza
track	nyimbo
tracker	tracker
tract	thirakiti
tractable	zosakanikizika
traction	kusokoneza
tractor	thirakitala
trade	malonda
trademark	chizindikiro
trader	wogulitsa
tradesman	wogulitsa
trading	malonda
tradition	miyambo
traditional	zachikhalidwe
traffic	traffic
traffic light	kuwala kwa magalimoto
trafficking	malonda
tragedies	masoka
tragedy	tsoka
tragic	zovuta
trail	njira
trailer	kanema
train	kuphunzitsa
train set	sitima yaikidwa
trained	ophunzitsidwa
trainee	wophunzira
trainer	wophunzitsa
training	maphunziro
trait	khalidwe
traitor	wotsutsa
traitorous	wosakhulupirika
trajectory	kutsutsana
tram	tram
tramp	kupondaponda
trample	kupondaponda
trampoline	trampoline
tramway	tramway
trance	masewero
tranquil	mtendere
tranquility	bata
tranquilizer	chitetezo
transact	transact
transaction	malonda
transatlantic	transatlantic
transceiver	transceiver
transcend	kupitirira
transcendence	kupititsa patsogolo
transcendent	kupitirira
transcendental	transcendental
transcribe	lembani
transcriber	transcriber
transcript	zolemba
transcription	kusindikizidwa
transfer	tumizani
transference	kutumizidwa
transferred	adasamutsidwa
transfixed	transfixed
transform	kusintha
transformation	kusintha
transformer	transformer
transfusion	kuikidwa magazi
transgression	zolakwa
transient	zosakhalitsa
transistor	transistor
transit	kutuluka
transition	kusintha
transitional	zosintha
transitive	kusintha
transitory	zosakhalitsa
translate	tanthauzirani
translation	kumasulira
translator	womasulira
translocation	translocation
translucent	translucent
transmission	kutumiza
transmit	tumizani
transmitter	zotumiza
transmutation	kusinthidwa
transom	transom
transparency	kuwonetsera
transparent	poyera
transplant	kuika
transplantation	kuziika
transponder	transponder
transport	zoyendetsa
transportation	zoyendetsa
transporter	transporter
transpose	transpose
transposition	kusintha
transsexual	kugonana
transverse	zosuntha
transvestite	transvestite
trap	msampha
trapdoor	trapdoor
trapeze	katemera
trapped	atagwidwa
trapper	msampha
trapping	kumangirira
trappings	zovuta
traps	misampha
trash	zinyalala
trashy	chiwonongeko
trauma	kusokonezeka
traumatic	zowawa
travail	NO TRANSLATION
travel	kuyenda
traveler	woyenda
traveling	kuyenda
traverse	tulukani
travesty	travesty
trawl	trawl
trawler	trawler
tray	tray
treacherous	achinyengo
treachery	chinyengo
tread	kuponda
treadmill	choponderera
treason	chiwembu
treasure	chuma
treasured	amachoka
treasurer	msungichuma
treasures	chuma
treasury	chuma
treat	chithandizo
treatable	zochiritsidwa
treatise	chithandizo
treatment	mankhwala
treaty	mgwirizano
treble	Zimagwedezeka
tree	mtengo
trees	mitengo
trek	ulendo
trellis	trellis
tremble	kunjenjemera
trembling	kunjenjemera
tremendous	kwambiri
tremendously	mwamphamvu
tremor	kunjenjemera
trench	ngalande
trend	mchitidwe
trending	zovuta
trendy	zovuta
trepidation	mantha
trespass	kulakwa
triad	triad
triage	kuyendera
trial	mayesero
triangle	katatu
triangular	katatu
triangulate	triangulate
triathlon	triathlon
tribal	mafuko
tribe	fuko
tribulation	chisautso
tribunal	khoti lamilandu
tribune	mtsogoleri
tributary	chiwongoladzanja
tribute	msonkho
trick	chinyengo
trickery	chinyengo
trickle	tambani
trickster	trickster
tricky	zovuta
tricycle	maselo ozungulira
trident	trident
trifle	sungani
trifling	kusokoneza
trig	trig
trigger	kuyambitsa
trigonometry	trigonometry
trillion	trilioni
trilogy	trilogy
trim	trim
trimester	trimester
trimmer	kuchepetsa
trimming	kudula
trine	chitani
trinity	utatu
trinket	katemera
trio	trio
trip	ulendo
tripartite	katatu
tripe	zam'mimba
triple	katatu
triplet	triplet
triplicate	katatu
tripod	katatu
tripping	kusuntha
trite	chitani
tritium	tritium
triumph	kupambana
triumphant	kupambana
trivia	trivia
trivial	zochepa
troll	katemera
trolley	trolley
trombone	trombone
troop	gulu
trooper	wopanikiza
troops	asilikali
trophy	mpikisano
tropic	otentha
tropical	otentha
tropics	otentha
trot	kuthamanga
trouble	vuto
troubled	kuda nkhawa
troublemaker	zovuta
troubles	mavuto
troublesome	zovuta
trough	nkhokwe
troupe	gulu
trousers	thalauza
trout	nsomba ya trauti
trowel	nsalu
truce	chisokonezo
truck	galimoto
trucker	trucker
truckload	galimoto
truculent	zovuta
true	Zoona
truelove	chikondi chowona
truffle	truffle
truism	truism
trump	lipenga
trumpet	lipenga
trumpeter	lipenga
truncate	truncate
truncated	truncated
trundle	sungani
trunk	thunthu
truss	phokoso
trust	kudalira
trustee	trustee
trusting	kudalira
trustworthy	odalirika
trusty	trusty
truth	choonadi
truthful	zoona
truthfulness	zoona
try	yesani
tryout	Yesani
tryouts	tryouts
tsunami	tsunami
tub	tub
tuba	tuba
tubby	tubby
tube	chubu
tuberculosis	chifuwa chachikulu
tubing	tubing
tubular	tubular
tubule	tubule
tuck	tuck
tucker	tucker
tuesday	Lachiwiri
tufted	tufted
tug	kugwedeza
tugboat	kugunda
tuition	maphunziro
tulip	tulip
tumble	kupindika
tumbler	NO TRANSLATION
tumbleweed	ziphuphu
tummy	mimba
tumor	chotupa
tumour	chotupa
tumult	chisokonezo
tumultuous	chisokonezo
tun	NO TRANSLATION
tuna	tuna
tunable	kukonza
tune	kuimba
tunic	mkanjo
tuning	kukonza
tunnel	msewu
turban	nduwira
turbidity	kutentha
turbine	mphutsi
turbo	turbo
turbulence	chisokonezo
turbulent	zovuta
turd	turd
turf	turf
turkey	nkhukundembo
turmeric	turmeric
turmoil	chisokonezo
turn	tembenuzirani
turnaround	tembenuka
turned	anatembenuka
turning	kutembenukira
turnip	turnip
turnkey	tembenukani
turnoff	NO TRANSLATION
turnout	tsatira
turnover	chiwonetsero
turnpike	turnpike
turntable	turntable
turpentine	turpentine
turquoise	turquoise
turret	turret
turtle	kamba
turtleneck	mphuno
tussle	tambani
tutelage	kuphunzitsa
tutor	mphunzitsi
tutoring	kuphunzitsa
tutu	tutu
tux	tux
tuxedo	tuxedo
tv	TV
twain	awiri
twat	nsalu
twats	mphutsi
tweak	tweak
tweed	tweed
tweet	tweet
tweezers	zimasintha
twelfth	khumi ndi ziwiri
twelve	khumi ndi awiri
twentieth	makumi awiri
twenty	makumi awiri
twerp	twerp
twig	nthambi
twilight	madzulo
twill	kukwera
twin	mapasa
twine	twine
twinge	twinge
twinkle	kupenya
twins	mapasa
twirl	twirl
twist	kupotoza
twisted	zopotoka
twister	twister
twit	twit
twitch	zokopa
twitching	kudula
twitchy	twitchy
two	awiri
two step	magawo awiri
twofaced	NO TRANSLATION
twofold	ziwiri
twosome	awiri
tycoon	tycoon
tyke	tyke
type	mtundu
typewriter	zojambulajambula
typhoid	typhoid
typhoon	chimphepo
typical	zofanana
typically	kawirikawiri
typist	wojambula
typo	typo
typography	zojambulajambula
tyrannical	achiwawa
tyranny	nkhanza
tyrant	wozunza
tyre	tayala
ubiquitous	omveka
ubiquity	chiwerengero
ugliness	chinyengo
ugly	zoipa
uhoh	NO TRANSLATION
ukulele	ukulele
ulcer	chilonda
ulterior	ulterior
ultimate	chomaliza
ultimately	pamapeto pake
ultimatum	ultimatum
ultimo	NO TRANSLATION
ultrasound	ultrasound
ultraviolet	ultraviolet
umbilical	umbilical
umbra	umbra
umbrella	ambulera
umpire	wompire
umpteen	umpteen
unabashed	unabashed
unabated	osagwidwa
unable	sangathe
unacceptable	zosavomerezeka
unaccompanied	osagwirizana
unaccountable	osadziwika
unaccounted	osadziwika
unacknowledged	osadziwika
unadulterated	osasokonezedwa
unaffected	osakhudzidwa
unafraid	osawopa
unaided	osagwirizana
unaltered	osasinthika
unambiguous	osadziwika
unanimity	kusagwirizana
unanimous	amodzi
unanimously	mogwirizana
unannounced	osadziwika
unanswered	osayankhidwa
unanticipated	zosayembekezeredwa
unappreciated	osayamikiridwa
unapproved	sivomerezedwa
unarmed	osamangidwa
unassisted	osagwirizana
unassuming	wodzichepetsa
unattached	osagwirizana
unattainable	zosatheka
unattended	osatetezedwa
unattractive	zosangalatsa
unauthorized	osaloledwa
unavailable	palibe
unavoidable	chosapeŵeka
unaware	osadziwa
unbalanced	osasamala
unbearable	chosakhululukidwa
unbeatable	chosasimbika
unbeaten	osadziwika
unbecoming	osakondera
unbelief	kusakhulupirira
unbelievable	zosatheka
unbiased	osasamala
unborn	osanabadwe
unbound	osagwedezeka
unbounded	osayenerera
unbreakable	chosasweka
unbridled	wosayendetsedwa
unbroken	osasweka
unbutton	kutsegula
uncalled	osadulidwa
uncanny	zosayenera
uncaring	osasamala
uncensured	NO TRANSLATION
uncertain	osatsimikizika
uncertainty	kusatsimikizika
unchallenged	osayamika
unchangeable	osasintha
unchanged	osasintha
uncharted	wosadziwika
uncherished	NO TRANSLATION
uncivilized	osakhazikika
unclaimed	osatulutsidwa
uncle	amalume
unclean	wodetsedwa
unclear	osadziwika bwino
uncomfortable	osasangalatsa
uncommon	zachilendo
uncommonly	zosazolowereka
uncomplicated	zosavuta
uncompromising	osasinthasintha
unconcerned	osakhudzidwa
unconditional	zopanda malire
unconfirmed	osatsimikiziridwa
unconnected	osagwirizana
unconscionable	chosadziwika
unconscious	osadziŵa
unconsciousness	kusadziwa
unconstitutional	kusagwirizana ndi malamulo
unconstrained	osagwirizana
uncontested	osatsutsika
uncontrollable	osasintha
uncontrolled	osadziteteza
unconventional	osagwirizana
unconvinced	osakhudzidwa
unconvincing	osasangalatsa
uncooked	osaphika
uncooperative	osagwirizana
uncorrelated	osakanikirana
uncouth	osadziwika
uncover	kuvumbulira
uncritical	zosatheka
uncut	osadulidwa
undead	sintha
undecided	osatsutsika
undefeated	osasinthidwa
undefined	osadziwika
undeniable	osatsutsika
underage	zochepa
underbelly	mwadzidzidzi
undercover	chitsimikizo
undercurrent	zosavuta
underdog	underdog
underestimate	musanyalanyaze
undergo	pita
undergraduate	undergraduate
underground	mobisa
underhanded	mwachinsinsi
underlay	akugwedeza
underlie	pansi
underline	onetsetsani
underlying	maziko
undermine	sokonezani
undermined	osokonezedwa
underneath	pansi
underpaid	ndalama zochepa
underpants	nsapato
underprivileged	osauka
underrated	pansi
underscore	onetsetsani
undersea	pansi pa nyanja
undersecretary	undersecretary
undersized	pansi
understaffed	pansi
understand	kumvetsa
understandable	zomveka
understanding	kumvetsa
understatement	kugonjera
understood	anamvetsa
understudy	kupweteka
undertake	chitani
undertaker	wopanga
undertaking	kuchita
undertow	kuchita
underwear	zovala zamkati
underwood	underwood
underworld	pansi
underwrite	kulemba
underwriter	womvera
undeserved	osayenera
undesirable	zosayenera
undesired	zosayenera
undetectable	zosaoneka
undetected	osadziwika
undetermined	osatsimikiziridwa
undeveloped	osasintha
undignified	osadziwika
undirected	osamangidwa
undisclosed	osadziwika
undiscovered	osadziwika
undisputed	osatsutsika
undisturbed	osakhazikika
undivided	osagawanika
undo	konthani
undoing	kuchotsa
undoubted	osakayikira
undress	sungani
undressed	osadulidwa
undue	zosayenera
undying	kusokoneza
unearned	osadziŵa
unearth	unarth
uneasiness	kusowa mtendere
uneasy	osasangalala
uneducated	osaphunzira
unemployed	osagwira ntchito
unemployment	kusowa ntchito
unencumbered	osadziwika
unending	osatha
unequal	osalinganizana
unequalled	osagwirizana
unequivocal	mosaganizira
unequivocally	mosaganizira
unethical	zosayenera
uneven	osagwirizana
uneventful	osadziwika
unexpected	mosayembekezera
unexpectedly	mosayembekezereka
unexplainable	chosadziwika
unexplained	osadziwika
unexplored	osadziwika
unfailing	osatha
unfair	chosalungama
unfairness	kupanda chilungamo
unfaithful	osakhulupirika
unfamiliar	osadziwika
unfavorable	osakondweretsa
unfeeling	kusaganizira
unfettered	osasunthika
unfinished	osatha
unfit	osayenera
unflinching	osasunthika
unfold	tuluke
unfollow	siyani kutsatira
unforeseen	zosayembekezereka
unforgettable	chosakumbukika
unforgivable	osakhululukidwa
unforgiving	osakhululukira
unfortunate	zosautsa
unfortunately	mwatsoka
unfounded	opanda maziko
unfreeze	sungani
unfriendly	osakonda
unfulfilled	chosakwaniritsidwa
unfurnished	osasinthika
unglued	osamvetsetsa
ungodly	osapembedza
ungrateful	osayamika
unguarded	osatetezedwa
unhand	NO TRANSLATION
unhappiness	chisangalalo
unhappy	osasangalala
unharmed	osapweteka
unhealthy	zosayenera
unheard	simukumva
unhelpful	wosaganizira
unhindered	osasokonezedwa
unholy	osayera
unhook	unhook
unicorn	unicorn
unidentified	osadziwika
unification	mgwirizano
unified	ogwirizana
uniform	yunifolomu
uniformed	yunifolomu
uniformity	kufanana
uniformly	mofanana
unimaginable	osaganiziridwa
unimpeachable	chosasinthika
unimpeached	osagwirizana
unimportant	osafunika
unimpressed	osakhudzidwa
unimproved	osavomerezedwa
uninfected	osatetezedwa
uninformed	osadziŵa
uninhabited	osakhalamo
uninitiated	osatchulidwa
uninspired	osatonthozedwa
unintelligible	osamvetsetseka
unintended	osafuna
unintentional	mosadzipereka
unintentionally	mosadzidzimutsa
uninterested	osakhudzidwa
uninteresting	zosangalatsa
uninterrupted	osasokonezeka
uninvited	osayitanidwa
union	mgwirizano
unique	wapadera
unisex	unisex
unison	kuphatikiza
unit	unit
unitary	umodzi
unite	gwirizanitsani
united	ogwirizana
unity	umodzi
universal	chilengedwe chonse
universality	chilengedwe chonse
universe	chilengedwe
university	yunivesite
unjust	chosalungama
unjustifiable	osadziwika
unjustified	osayenerera
unkind	zosakoma mtima
unknowable	chosadziwika
unknown	osadziwika
unlawful	zoletsedwa
unleash	unleash
unlicensed	osadziwika
unlike	mosiyana
unlikely	zokayikitsa
unlimited	zopanda malire
unlisted	osasankhidwa
unload	tulukani
unloaded	kutulutsidwa
unlock	kutsegula
unlucky	unlucky
unmanageable	chosamvetseka
unmanned	osagwirizana
unmarked	osayimiliridwa
unmarried	osakwatiwa
unmask	samasula
unmatched	zosayerekezeka
unmistakable	chosamvetseka
unmitigated	osayamika
unmoved	osasunthika
unnamed	osatchulidwe mayina
unnatural	zachilendo
unnecessary	zosafunika
unneeded	osadulidwa
unnoticed	osadziwika
unnumbered	osawerengeka
unobserved	chosasinthika
unobstructed	osagwedezeka
unobtrusive	osagwira ntchito
unoccupied	osagwira ntchito
unofficial	zosavomerezeka
unopened	osatsegulidwa
unopposed	osatsutsidwa
unordered	osadziwika
unorganised	osasinthidwa
unorganized	osasinthidwa
unorthodox	osayenerera
unpack	tulukani
unpaid	osalipidwa
unparalleled	zosiyana
unpleasant	zosangalatsa
unpleasantness	zosangalatsa
unplug	sungani
unplugged	unplugged
unpopular	osakondedwa
unprecedented	kale
unpredictable	osadziŵika
unprepared	osakonzekera
unpretentious	wodzichepetsa
unproductive	osabereka
unprofessional	zopanda pake
unprofitable	zopanda phindu
unprotected	osatetezedwa
unproven	unproven
unprovoked	osatetezedwa
unpublished	yosindikizidwa
unpunished	osalangidwa
unqualified	osayenera
unquestionable	osakayikira
unquestionably	mosakayikira
unquestioned	osakayikira
unquote	sungani
unravel	sungani
unreachable	osadziwika
unread	osaphunzira
unreal	zopanda pake
unrealistic	zosatheka
unreasonable	zopanda nzeru
unrecorded	osadziwika
unregistered	osatumizidwa
unregulated	osayendetsedwa
unrelated	osagwirizana
unrelenting	osalekerera
unreliable	osakhulupirika
unremarkable	osakayikira
unrepentant	osatembenuka
unrequited	osadziwika
unresolved	osasinthidwa
unresponsive	osamvetsera
unrest	chisokonezo
unrestrained	osadziletsa
unrestricted	zoletsedwa
unromantic	osagwirizana
unruly	osayenera
unsafe	osatetezeka
unsanitary	osasamala
unsatisfactory	osakhutiritsa
unsatisfied	osakhutira
unsavory	zosayenera
unscathed	osasamala
unscheduled	osadulidwa
unscientific	osayansi
unscrew	siyani
unscrupulous	wosadziletsa
unseat	osasamala
unseen	zosawoneka
unselfish	osadzikonda
unsettled	osasokonezeka
unsightly	osayang'ana
unsolicited	osapemphedwa
unsolved	osasinthika
unsophisticated	osaphunzitsidwa
unsound	osadziwika
unspeakable	zosatheka
unspecified	osadziwika
unspoken	osayankhula
unstable	osakhazikika
unsteady	osakhazikika
unstoppable	chosasinthika
unsuccessful	sanapambane
unsuitable	zosayenera
unsung	osakwanira
unsupervised	osayang'aniridwa
unsupported	sichichirikizidwa
unsure	osatsimikizika
unsurpassed	osadalirika
unsuspecting	osayang'ana
unsustainable	zosatheka
unsweetened	osatulutsa
unsympathetic	osamvera
untamed	osasintha
untenable	osasamala
untested	osatulutsidwa
unthinkable	zosatheka
untidy	osasamala
untie	kumasula
untimely	mosayembekezereka
untitled	osatchulidwa
untold	osadziwika
untouchable	osasunthika
untouched	osasankhidwa
untoward	osagwira ntchito
untraceable	chosakondweretsa
untrained	osaphunzitsidwa
untranslated	osatulutsidwa
untroubled	osagwedezeka
untrue	zabodza
untrustworthy	osakhulupirika
unturned	osasinthidwa
unused	osagwiritsidwa ntchito
unusual	zachilendo
unusually	mwachilendo
unutterable	chosasinthika
unveil	kuwulula
unveiling	kuwulula
unverified	osatsimikiziridwa
unwanted	zosayenera
unwarranted	osayenera
unwary	osasamala
unwashed	osambidwa
unwavering	kusagwedezeka
unwed	osakwatiwa
unwelcome	osavomerezeka
unwell	osalankhula bwino
unwilling	osafuna
unwillingly	mosasamala
unwillingness	kusakhumba
unwind	sungani
unwise	zopanda nzeru
unwitting	osadziŵa
unwittingly	mosadziŵa
unworthy	osayenera
unwrap	kutsegula
unwritten	sinalembedwe
unyielding	osadziletsa
unzip	tulukani
upbeat	kukwiya
upbringing	kulera
upcoming	zomwe zikubwera
update	zosintha
upgrade	Sungani
upheaval	kusokonezeka
uphill	kukwera
uphold	sungani
upholstery	upholstery
upkeep	kusamalira
upland	upland
uplands	mapiri
uplift	kukweza
uplifting	kukweza
uplink	uplink
upload	kupatula
upper	chapamwamba
uppercut	mphuno
uppity	uppity
upright	wowongoka
uprising	kuuka
uproar	chisokonezo
upscale	upscale
upset	khumudwa
upshot	upshot
upstairs	pamwamba
upstanding	wapamwamba
upstart	upstart
uptight	kukweza
upward	pamwamba
upwards	pamwamba
uranium	uranium
urban	midzi
urchin	urchin
urge	funsani
urgency	mwamsanga
urgent	mwamsanga
urinal	urinal
urinalysis	urinalysis
urinate	konzani
urination	kukodza
urine	mkodzo
urn	urn
usable	yogwiritsidwa ntchito
usage	ntchito
use	ntchito
used	ntchito
useful	zothandiza
usefully	mogwiritsa ntchito
usefulness	zothandiza
useless	zopanda phindu
user	wosuta
usher	gwiritsani ntchito
usual	mwachizolowezi
usurp	kubwezera
usurped	inagwiritsidwa ntchito
usury	msonkho
utensil	chiwiya
uterus	chiberekero
utilitarian	zothandiza
utility	ntchito
utilization	ntchito
utilize	gwiritsani ntchito
utmost	zabwino
utopian	utopian
utter	lankhulani
utterance	kunena
utterly	kwathunthu
vacancy	mwayi
vacant	wopanda
vacate	pitani
vacation	tchuthi
vaccination	katemera
vaccine	Katemera
vacuolar	osapuma
vacuole	vacuole
vacuous	osakhudzidwa
vacuum	chotsani
vagabond	zitha
vagina	chikazi
vaginal	chikazi
vagrancy	vagrancy
vagrant	osagwirizana
vague	zosavuta
vagueness	zosayenera
vainly	zopanda pake
valance	kuvomereza
vale	vale
valedictorian	valedictorian
valentine	valentine
valet	valet
valiant	olimba mtima
valid	zowona
validate	tsimikizani
validation	kutsimikiziridwa
validity	kutsimikizika
valium	valiamu
valley	chigwa
valor	NO TRANSLATION
valuable	ofunika
valuables	zinthu zamtengo wapatali
valuation	chiwerengero
value	mtengo
valve	valve
vamoose	NO TRANSLATION
vamp	vamp
vampire	vampire
van	NO TRANSLATION
vandal	zonyansa
vandalism	kuwonongeka
vane	vane
vanguard	ndondomeko
vanilla	vanila
vanish	zitha
vanished	zinatayika
vanishing	kutha
vanity	zopanda pake
vanquish	kugonjetsa
vanquished	anagonjetsedwa
vanquishing	kugonjetsa
vantage	mpweya
vapor	mpweya
vara	NO TRANSLATION
variable	kusintha
variance	kusiyana
variation	kusiyana
variations	zosiyana
varicella	varicella
varicose	varicose
varied	zosiyanasiyana
variegated	variegated
variety	zosiyanasiyana
various	zosiyanasiyana
varmint	varmint
varnish	varnish
varsity	varsity
vary	zosiyana
varying	zosiyana
vascular	mitsempha
vase	vase
vasectomy	vasectomy
vassal	vassal
vast	chachikulu
vat	vat
vaudeville	vaudeville
vault	chipinda
vaulted	nyanja
vaulting	vaulting
veal	nyama yamwana wang'ombe
vector	vector
veer	yang'anani
vega	vega
vegan	zitsamba
vegetable	masamba
vegetarian	zamasamba
vegetarianism	vegetarianism
vegetation	zomera
vegetative	vegetative
veggie	veggie
vehement	zovuta
vehicle	galimoto
veil	chophimba
veiled	kuphimbidwa
vein	mitsempha
veined	wodwalayo
vellum	vellum
velocity	kuthamanga
velour	velor
velvet	velvet
velvety	velvety
vena	vena
vendetta	vendetta
vending	kusunga ndalama
vendor	wogulitsa
veneer	chovala
venerable	olemekezeka
veneration	kulemekeza
venereal	venereal
venetian	vesi
vengeance	kubwezera
vengeful	kubwezera
venison	venison
venom	utsi
venomous	zowopsa
venous	venous
vent	tuluka
ventilation	mpweya wabwino
ventilator	mpweya wabwino
venting	kutuluka
ventricle	zinyama
ventricular	ventricular
ventriloquist	wolankhula zamwano
venture	zintchito
venue	malo
veracity	chilungamo
veranda	veranda
verb	mawu
verbal	mawu
verbatim	mawu
verbiage	verbiage
verbose	verbose
verbosity	zovuta
verdant	zowonjezera
verdict	chigamulo
verge	verge
verification	kutsimikiziridwa
verified	kutsimikiziridwa
verify	onetsetsani
verily	ndithudi
veritable	zowona
vermin	vermin
vermouth	vermouth
vernacular	anthu amwenye
vernal	zamkati
veronica	veronica
versatile	zogwirizana
versatility	kusinthasintha
verse	ndime
version	Baibulo
versus	molimbana ndi
vert	vert
vertebra	vertebra
vertebral	vertebral
vertex	vertex
vertical	zowonekera
vertically	vertically
vertigo	vutolo
verve	mawu
very negative	zoipa kwambiri
very positive	zabwino kwambiri
veryangry	NO TRANSLATION
vesicle	vesicle
vesicular	vesicular
vessel	chotengera
vest	chovala
vested	atapatsidwa
vestibule	malo
vestige	chovala
vet	vet
veteran	wachikulire
veterinarian	veterinarian
veterinary	Chowona Zanyama
veto	veto
vexed	akuvutika
viability	kukhala ndi moyo
viable	n'zotheka
viaduct	viaduct
vial	vial
vibe	vibe
vibes	imamveka
vibrant	zovuta
vibrate	kudumpha
vibration	kudumpha
vibrator	vibrator
vibratory	zowonongeka
vicar	vicar
vicarious	zopambana
vice	chiwonongeko
viceroy	wachikondi
vicinity	pafupi
vicious	zoipa
victim	wozunzidwa
victimized	ozunzidwa
victor	victor
victoria	victoria
victorious	kupambana
victory	chigonjetso
video	kanema
video game	masewera a kanema
videotape	videotape
vie	NO TRANSLATION
view	mawonedwe
viewer	wowonera
viewing	kuyang'ana
viewpoint	maganizo
vigil	tcherani
vigilance	khalani maso
vigilant	khalani maso
vigilante	vigilante
vignette	vignette
vigor	mphamvu
vigorous	mwamphamvu
viking	viking
vile	zoipa
villa	nyumba
village	mudzi
villager	mudzi
villain	nyumba
villainous	woipa
vinaigrette	vinaigrette
vindicate	kutsimikizirani
vindicated	atsimikiziridwa
vindication	kutsimikiziridwa
vindictive	kutsutsa
vine	mpesa
vinegar	viniga
vineyard	munda wamphesa
vintage	mphesa
vinyl	vinyl
viola	viola
violate	akuphwanya
violation	kuphwanya
violence	chiwawa
violent	wachiwawa
violently	mwachiwawa
violet	violet
violin	violin
violinist	violinist
viper	njoka
viral	tizilombo toyambitsa matenda
virgin	namwali
virginal	zochepa
virginity	namwali
virility	zachiwawa
virology	virology
virtual	pafupifupi
virtually	pafupifupi
virtue	ukoma
virtuoso	virtuoso
virtuous	zabwino
virulence	chiwawa
virus	HIV
visa	visa
visage	NO TRANSLATION
viscosity	viscosity
viscous	okonzeka
vise	NO TRANSLATION
visibility	kuwoneka
visible	zooneka
visibly	zooneka bwino
vision	masomphenya
visionary	wamasomphenya
visit	pitani
visitation	kuyendera
visiting	kuyendera
visitor	mlendo
visor	vutolo
vista	vista
visual	zithunzi
visualize	malingaliro
vital	zofunika
vitality	mphamvu
vitals	mavitamini
vitamin	vitamini
vitreous	vitreous
viva	viva
vivacious	zovuta
vivid	momveka bwino
vixen	vixen
vocabulary	mawu
vocal	mawu
vocalist	woimba
vocation	ntchito
vodka	vodika
vogue	dziwani
voice	mau
voiceless	osadziwika
voicemail	voicemail
void	palibe
volatile	zosasangalatsa
volatility	kusasinthasintha
volcanic	chiphalaphala
volcano	phiri
volition	kufuna
volley	volley
volleyball	volleyball
voltage	Voteji
voltmeter	voltmeter
volume	voliyumu
volumes	mabuku
voluminous	zowawa
voluntarily	mwadzidzidzi
voluntary	kudzipereka
volunteer	kudzipereka
volunteering	kudzipereka
volunteers	odzipereka
voluptuous	voluptuous
vomit	kusanza
vomiting	kusanza
voodoo	voodoo
voracious	zovuta
vortex	vortex
vote	kuvota
voter	vota
voting	kuvota
votive	zovuta
vouch	vouch
voucher	voucher
vow	lumbiro
vowel	vowel
voyage	ulendo
voyager	kuyenda
voyeur	voyeur
vulgar	zonyansa
vulgarity	kunyansa
vulnerability	chiopsezo
vulnerable	osatetezeka
vulture	vulture
wacko	wacko
wacky	wacky
wad	wad
waddle	zitha
wade	wade
wafer	zosavuta
waffle	funa
wag	wag
wage	malipiro
wager	wager
wages	malipiro
wagon	ngolo
wail	kulira
waist	chiuno
waistcoat	nsalu
waistline	waistline
wait	dikirani
waiter	Othandizira
waiting	kuyembekezera
waitinggame	NO TRANSLATION
waitress	wosamalira
waive	sungani
waiver	kuchotsa
wake	dzuka
walk	kuyenda
walker	walker
walking	kuyenda
walkout	tuluka
wall	khoma
wallaby	wallaby
wallet	chikwama
wallflower	wallflower
wallop	wallop
wallow	dulani
wallpaper	wallpaper
walnut	mtedza
walrus	walrus
waltz	waltz
wan	NO TRANSLATION
wand	wand
wander	tuluka
wanderer	woyendayenda
wandering	akuyendayenda
wane	wane
waning	kupitiriza
wanker	wanker
wannabe	wannabe
wannasleep	NO TRANSLATION
want	ndikufuna
wanting	akufuna
wanton	zosowa
war	nkhondo
warbler	warbler
warcrimes	NO TRANSLATION
ward	ward
warden	woyang'anira
wardrobe	zovala
ware	ware
warehouse	nyumba yosungiramo katundu
warfare	nkhondo
warhead	nkhondo
warlike	nkhondo
warlock	warlock
warlord	nkhondo
warm	kutentha
warming	kutentha
warms	zimasokoneza
warmth	kutentha
warn	tchenjezani
warned	anachenjezedwa
warning	chenjezo
warp	kumenyana
warpath	warpath
warped	inagwedezeka
warrant	chovomerezeka
warranted	ziyenera
warrants	zofunikira
warranty	chitsimikizo
warren	warren
warrior	msilikali
warship	chida cha nkhondo
wart	wart
wartime	nthawi ya nkhondo
wary	samala
wash	Sambani
washed	osambitsidwa
washer	Washer
washing	kusamba
washout	chisokonezo
washroom	wosamba
wasp	wasp
waste	zonyansa
wastebasket	fodya
wasted	adawonongeka
wasteful	zonyansa
wasteland	chiwonongeko
wasting	kuwononga
watch	yang'anani
watchdog	watchdog
watcher	woyang'anira
watchful	maso
watchman	NO TRANSLATION
watchout	Onetsetsani
watchtower	nsanja
water	madzi
water polo	polo polo
waterbed	bedi lamadzi
watercourse	madzi
watered	madzi
waterfall	mathithi
waterfront	kutsogolo kwa madzi
watering can	kuthirira kungathe
watermelon	chivwende
waterproof	chosalowa madzi
waterworks	ntchito zamadzi
watery	madzi
wave	kuwomba
wavelength	mawonekedwe a mawonekedwe
waver	kuthamanga
wavering	kusokonezeka
waves	mafunde
wavy	wavy
wax	sera
waxed	adasokonezeka
waxy	kukanika
way	njira
ways	njira
wayward	wopanduka
weak	ofooka
weaken	kufooketsa
weakened	kufooka
weakling	kufooka
weakly	zofooka
weakness	kufooka
wealth	chuma
wealthy	olemera
weapon	chida
weaponry	zida
wear	valani
wearer	wobvala
wearily	wolekerera
weariness	kufooka
wearing	kuvala
weary	otopa
weasel	weasel
weather	nyengo
weathered	wodwala
weatherman	mvula yam'mlengalenga
weatherproof	nyengo ya nyengo
weave	zokhotakhota
web	webusaiti
website	webusaitiyi
wed	ukwati
wedded	wedded
wedding	ukwati
wedge	mphete
wedlock	ukwati
wee	wee
weed	udzu
weeding	Kupalira
weeds	namsongole
weedy	wolemera
weeeee	NO TRANSLATION
week	sabata
weekday	masabata
weekend	Lamlungu
weekly	mlungu uliwonse
weenie	weenie
weep	kulira
weeping	kulira
weeping willow	msondodzi wolira
weepy	kulira
weigh	yezani
weighing	kulemera
weight	kulemera
weightless	zopanda malire
weightloss	NO TRANSLATION
weights	zolemera
weighty	wolemera
weir	wolowa nyumba
weird	zovuta
weirdness	weirdness
weirdo	weirdo
welcome	kulandila
welcomed	analandiridwa
welcoming	kulandira
weld	weld
welder	Welder
welding	kuwotcherera
welfare	chithandizo
wellhead	mutu wamutu
wellness	ubwino
welsh	welsh
welt	NO TRANSLATION
wen	NO TRANSLATION
wench	wonch
werewolf	kudodometsa
west	kumadzulo
westbound	westbound
western	kumadzulo
wet	yonyowa
wetback	wetback
whack	sungani
whale	whale
whaling	whaling
wham	wham
whammy	whammy
wharf	wharf
whatdoido	NO TRANSLATION
whatif	zingatani Zitati
whatmakesmesmile	NO TRANSLATION
whatnot	whatnot
whatsoever	zilizonse
whatsthepoint	NO TRANSLATION
wheat	tirigu
wheel	gudumu
wheel barrow	NO TRANSLATION
wheelbarrow	galasi
wheelchair	olumala
wheels	magudumu
wheeze	wheeze
whelp	whelp
whereabouts	kumene kuli
wherefore	chifukwa chake
wherewith	zomwe
wherewithal	wherewithal
whet	whet
whiff	chikwapu
whilst	nthawi
whim	ndikuwombera
whimper	kumenyana
whimsical	whimsical
whimsy	whimsy
whine	kumveka
whiny	whiny
whip	chikwapu
whiplash	chikwapu
whipped	kukwapulidwa
whirl	akuwomba
whirlpool	mphepo yamkuntho
whirlwind	mphepo yamkuntho
whisk	whisk
whisker	whisker
whiskers	ndevu
whiskey	kachasu
whisky	kachasu
whisper	kunong'oneza
whispered	kunong'oneza
whistle	mluzu
whit	whit
white	zoyera
whitefish	whitefish
whiteness	zoyera
whitewash	kumeta
whitish	zoyera
whittle	sungani bwino
whiz	nthawi
whole	zonse
wholesale	malonda
wholesome	zabwino
wholly	kwathunthu
whoo	Whoo
whoop	wotsutsa
whopper	wopukuta
whopping	kupuma
whore	wachiwerewere
whorehouse	amasiye
wick	wick
wicked	oipa
wickedness	zoipa
wicker	wicker
wicket	wicket
wide	lonse
widely	ambiri
widen	yonjezerani
widespread	kufalikira
widow	wamasiye
widowed	wamasiye
widower	mkazi wamasiye
width	m'lifupi
wield	ntchito
wiener	wothandizira
wienie	NO TRANSLATION
wife	mkazi
wig	wig
wiggle	wiggle
wight	wight
wiki	wiki
wild	zakutchire
wildcat	wildcat
wildebeest	wildebeest
wilderness	m'chipululu
wildfire	kupsa moto
wildlife	nyama zakutchire
will	adzatero
willful	mwadala
willies	mipira
willing	wololera
willingly	mofunitsitsa
willingness	kudzipereka
willow	msondodzi
willpower	mphamvu
wilt	mukufuna
wilted	wilted
wily	wily
wimp	wimp
wimpy	wimpy
win	kupambana
wince	wince
winch	winch
wind	mphepo
windbag	windbag
windfall	mphepo
winding	kuwomba
windmill	mphepo
window	zenera
windowsill	NO TRANSLATION
windpipe	mphepo yamkuntho
windshield	windshield
windy	mphepo
wine	vinyo
wine cooler	vinyo ozizira
wing	phiko
winged	mapiko
winger	winger
wingman	wingman
wink	wink
winner	wopambana
winning	kupambana
winnings	winnings
wino	NO TRANSLATION
winter	nyengo yozizira
winterbreak	NO TRANSLATION
wintertime	nyengo yachisanu
wintery	kupambana
wintry	zosangalatsa
wipe	Pukuta
wiper	wopukuta
wire	waya
wired	wired
wireless	opanda waya
wiretap	wiretap
wiring	wiring
wis	nzeru
wisdom	nzeru
wise	wanzeru
wish	mukufuna
wishbone	wishbone
wishful	zolakalaka
wishing	akulakalaka
wishmeluck	wishmeluck
wisp	nzeru
wistful	wistful
wit	wit
witch	mfiti
witchcraft	ufiti
withal	mwamphamvu
withdraw	kuchoka
withdrawal	kuchotsa
withdrawals	kuchoka
withdrawn	kuchotsedwa
wither	kufota
withered	wouma
withering	akufota
withhold	sungani
withholding	kukana
withstand	kupirira
witless	wopanda nzeru
witness	mboni
wits	kupota
witty	wochenjera
wiz	wiz
wizard	wizara
wobble	kugwedezeka
wobbly	kugwedezeka
woe	tsoka
woeful	tsoka
woefully	tsoka
wok	wok
wokemeup	NO TRANSLATION
wolf	wolf
wolverine	wolverine
woman	mkazi
womanhood	uzimayi
womanizer	womanizer
womanly	mkazi
womb	mimba
wonder	zodabwa
wonderful	zodabwitsa
wonderfully	zodabwitsa
wonderment	zodabwitsa
wondrous	zodabwitsa
wont	NO TRANSLATION
woo	woo
wood	nkhuni
woodcut	mitengo yachitsulo
wooden	matabwa
woodland	nkhalango
woodlands	nkhalango
woodpecker	wopanga matabwa
woods	mitengo
woodshed	nkhuni
woodsman	woodsman
woodwork	mitengo
woody	zovuta
woof	zovala
woohoo	woohoo
wooing	akuyang'ana
wool	ubweya
woolen	ubweya wa nkhosa
woolly	woolly
woot	yambani
woozy	woozy
wop	op
word	mawu
wording	mawu
words	mawu
wordy	wordy
work	ntchito
workaholic	workaholic
workbook	buku la ntchito
worker	wogwira ntchito
working	kugwira ntchito
workings	ntchito
workload	ntchito
workman	wogwira ntchito
workmanship	ntchito
workout	kulimbitsa thupi
workplace	malo ogwira ntchito
works	amagwira ntchito
workshop	msonkhano
workup	kupitiliza
world	dziko
worldly	dziko lapansi
worldwide	padziko lonse lapansi
worm	nyongolotsi
wormhole	wormhole
wormwood	chitsamba chowawa
worn	ovala
worried	nkhawa
worries	nkhawa
worry	nkhawa
worrying	kudandaula
worse	zoipa
worsening	kuwonjezereka
worship	kupembedza
worshipful	kupembedza
worstfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
worth	ofunika
worthless	wopanda pake
worthwhile	zofunikira
worthy	woyenera
wot	wot
would	angatero
wound	bala
wounded	anavulazidwa
wounding	kuvulaza
wounds	mabala
wracking	wracking
wrangler	wrangler
wrangling	kukangana
wrap	Manga
wrapper	wrapper
wrapping	kukulunga
wrath	mkwiyo
wrathful	wokwiya
wreak	wreak
wreath	mpanda
wreck	kuwonongeka
wreckage	kusungunuka
wrecked	inasweka
wrecker	wrecker
wrench	wrench
wrenching	kudula
wrest	wrest
wrestle	kumenyana
wrestler	wrestler
wrestling	kumenyana
wretch	nthiti
wretched	zovuta
wriggle	pembedzani
wright	wright
wring	wring
wringer	wringer
wrinkle	makwinya
wrinkled	makwinya
wrist	wrist
wristband	wristband
wristwatch	wristwatch
writ	zolembedwa
write	lemba
writer	wolemba
writing	kulemba
written	zolembedwa
wrong	zolakwika
wrongdoing	cholakwika
wrongful	zolakwika
wrongly	molakwika
wrought	ntchito
wry	wry
xanax	xanax
xenophobia	kupha anthu
xerox	xerox
xmas	xmas
xoxo	xoxo
yaaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaay	NO TRANSLATION
yacht	yacht
yachting	yachting
yahoo	yahoo
yak	yak
yam	Chilazi
yank	yank
yap	NO TRANSLATION
yard	bwalo
yarn	ulusi
yaw	yaw
yawn	yawn
yawning	yawning
yay	Pamenepo
yayy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyyy	NO TRANSLATION
yea	eya
yeahhh	yeahhh
yeahhhh	NO TRANSLATION
year	chaka
yearbook	Buku lakale
yearling	yearling
yearly	chaka chilichonse
yearn	ndikulakalaka
yearning	ndikulakalaka
years	zaka
yeast	yisiti
yehey	NO TRANSLATION
yell	dandaula
yeller	yambani
yelling	akufuula
yellow	chikasu
yellows	zachikasu
yelp	yelp
yen	yen
yeoman	yeoman
yesss	miyezi
yessss	yessss
yesterday	dzulo
yesteryear	zakale
yew	yew
yey	NO TRANSLATION
yield	Zotuluka
yielding	kulolera
yo-yo	NO TRANSLATION
yodel	Yodel
yoga	yoga
yogi	yogi
yogurt	yogurt
yoke	goli
yolk	yolk
yon	NO TRANSLATION
yonder	kutsidya
young	wamng'ono
younger	wamng'ono
youngster	wamng'ono
yousuck	ukuchititsa manyazi
youth	achinyamata
youthful	achinyamata
yucky	yucky
yuletide	yuletide
yummy	yummy
yuppie	yuppie
zany	zany
zap	zap
zeal	changu
zealot	zealot
zealous	achangu
zebra	zebra
zen	zen
zenith	zenith
zephyr	zephyr
zeppelin	zeppelin
zest	zest
zesty	zesty
zeta	zeta
zigzag	zigzag
zilch	zilch
zillion	zillion
zinc	zinki
zing	NO TRANSLATION
zip	zip
zipper	zipper
zippy	zippy
zit	NO TRANSLATION
zodiac	zodiac
zombie	zombie
zone	malo
zoning	zoning
zoo	zoo
zoological	zamoyo
zoology	zoology
zoom	zoomani
zucchini	zukini
