Word	sl
aaaaaaah	aaaaaaah
aaaah	NO TRANSLATION
aardvark	aardvark
aback	Nadaljuj
abacus	abakus
abalone	abalone
abandon	opusti
abandoned	opuščeni
abandonment	opustitev
abashed	strmoglavilo
abate	zmanjšati
abatement	zmanjšanje
abba	abba
abbey	opatij
abbot	NO TRANSLATION
abbreviate	okrajšava
abbreviation	okrajšava
abdomen	trebuh
abdominal	trebuh
abduct	ugrabiti
abduction	ugrabitev
aberrant	aberrant
aberration	aberacija
abeyance	opustitev
abhor	Odguba
abhorrence	aborstanca
abhorrent	Odvratno
abide	Ostani
abiding	Spoštovanje
ability	sposobnost
abject	abject
ablation	ablacija
ablaze	plamen
able	sposoben
abnormal	nenormalno
abnormality	nenormalnost
aboard	na krovu
abode	bivanje
abolish	ukiniti
abolition	ukinitev
abominable	gnusno
abominate	oporekati
abomination	gnusoba
aboriginal	Aboriginalna
abort	prekiniti
abortion	splav
abortive	neuspešna
abound	obilo
abovementioned	zgoraj omenjeno
abracadabra	abracadabra
abrasion	abrazija
abrasive	abraziv
abreast	v korak
abroad	v tujini
abrogate	razveljaviti
abrupt	nenaden
abruptly	nenadoma
abscess	absces
absence	odsotnost
absent	odsoten
absentee	odsoten
absenteeism	odsotnost
absinthe	absinthe
absolute	absolutno
absolution	odsotnost
absolve	oprostite
absorb	absorbira
absorbed	absorbira
absorbent	absorbent
absorbing	absorbira
absorption	absorpcija
abstain	vzdržati
abstention	vzdržani
abstinence	abstinenca
abstract	abstraktno
abstraction	abstrakcija
absurd	absurdno
absurdity	absurdnost
abundance	obilje
abundant	bogat
abuse	zlorabe
abused	zlorabljena
abusive	zloraba
abutment	abutment
aby	NO TRANSLATION
abysmal	ogorčen
abyss	brezno
academic	akademski
academy	akademija
accede	pristopi
accelerant	pospeševalec
accelerate	pospešiti
accelerated	pospešeno
acceleration	pospešek
accelerator	pospeševalec
accent	naglas
accentuate	poudariti
accept	sprejema
acceptable	sprejemljivo
acceptance	sprejem
acceptances	sprejema
access	dostop
accessible	dostopen
accession	pristop
accessory	dodatna oprema
accident	nesreča
accidental	slučajno
accidentally	slučajno
acclaim	priznanje
accolade	priznanje
accommodate	sprejemati
accommodation	nastanitev
accompaniment	spremstvo
accompany	spremljajte
accompanying	spremljajo
accomplice	sostorilec
accomplish	izpolniti
accomplished	doseženo
accomplishment	dosežek
accord	sporazum
accordance	skladnost
accordion	harmonika
account	račun
accountability	odgovornost
accountable	odgovoren
accountant	računovodja
accounting	računovodstvo
accounts	računov
accredited	akreditiran
accretion	povečanje
accrue	pridobiti
accueil	NO TRANSLATION
accumulate	kopičijo
accumulation	kopičenje
accuracy	natančnost
accurate	natančno
accursed	preklet
accusation	obtožba
accusative	akuzativ
accuse	obtožiti
accused	obtožen
accuser	obtožilec
accusing	obtožujejo
accustomed	navajeni
ace	As
acetic	ocetek
acetylene	acetilen
ache	bolečina
achieve	doseči
achieved	doseženi
achievement	dosežek
aching	bolečine
achy	achy
acid	kisline
acidity	kislost
acknowledge	potrdite
acknowledged	priznano
acknowledgement	potrditev
acknowledgment	potrditev
acme	acme
acne	akne
acorn	želod
acoustic	akustično
acoustics	akustika
acquaint	seznaniti se
acquaintance	znanca
acquainted	spoznali
acquiescence	privolitev
acquire	pridobiti
acquiring	pridobivanje
acquisition	pridobitev
acquisitions	pridobitve
acquit	oprostiti
acquittal	oprostitev
acre	acre
acreage	površina
acres	hektarjev
acrobat	akrobat
acrylic	akril
act	ukrepati
acting	igrati
action	ukrepanje
action figure	Akcijska figura
actionable	dejanski
activate	aktivirajte
activation	aktiviranje
active	aktiven
activist	aktivist
activity	dejavnost
actor	igralec
actress	igralka
actual	dejansko
actuality	aktualnost
actuary	aktuar
acuity	ostrina
acumen	acumen
acupuncture	akupunktura
acute	akutni
acutely	akutno
ad	oglas
adage	adage
adamant	trdno
adapt	prilagoditi
adaptable	prilagodljiv
adaptation	prilagoditev
add	dodaj
added	dodano
addendum	dodatek
adder	seštevalnik
addict	odvisnik
addicted	odvisen
addiction	zasvojenost
addictive	zasvojenost
addition	Poleg tega
additional	dodatno
additive	aditiv
address	naslov
addressee	naslovnik
addresses	naslovi
adept	adept
adequacy	ustreznost
adequate	primerno
adhere	drži
adherence	spoštovanje
adherent	adherent
adhering	držati se
adhesion	adhezija
adhesive	lepilo
adieu	adieu
adipose	maščobo
adjacency	sosedstvo
adjacent	bližnji
adjective	pridevnik
adjoining	sosednje
adjourn	prekinitev
adjournment	odlog
adjudicate	odločanje
adjudication	presojanje
adjunct	dodatek
adjust	prilagodite
adjuster	nastavljiv
adjustment	prilagoditev
adjuvant	adjuvans
admin	admin
administer	dajanje
administration	uprava
administrative	upravni
administrator	administrator
admirable	občudujoče
admiral	Admiral
admiralty	Admiraliteta
admiration	občudovanje
admire	občuduj
admired	občudoval
admirer	občudovalec
admiring	občudujem
admissibility	dopustnost
admissible	dopusten
admission	sprejem
admit	priznati
admittance	sprejem
admitted	priznal
admitting	priznava
admixture	dodatek
admonition	opomin
ado	Ado
adobe	adobe
adolescence	adolescence
adolescent	mladostnik
adopt	sprejme
adoption	posvojitev
adoptive	posvojitelj
adorable	čudovito
adoration	oboževanje
adore	obožujem
adoring	oboževati
adorn	krasijo
adornment	okras
adrenalin	adrenalin
adrenaline	adrenalin
adrift	vzpenjati
adult	odrasla oseba
adulterated	preobremenjen
adulterer	prešuštnik
adultery	prešuštvo
adulthood	odrasla doba
advance	napreduje
advanced	napredno
advancement	napredovanje
advancing	napreduje
advantage	prednost
advantageous	ugodno
advent	prihod
adventure	avantura
adventurer	pustolovec
adventures	avanture
adventurous	pustolovski
adversary	nasprotnik
adverse	neugodno
adversity	nesreča
advertise	oglašujte
advertisement	oglas
advertising	oglaševanje
adverts	oglasov
advice	nasvet
advisable	priporočljivo
advise	svetuje
advised	svetuje
advisement	svetovanje
adviser	svetovalec
advisor	svetovalec
advisory	svetovanje
advocacy	zagovorništvo
advocate	zagovarjati
aegis	aegis
aeration	prezračevanje
aerial	antena
aerobics	aerobika
aerodrome	letališče
aerodynamic	aerodinamični
aerodynamics	aerodinamika
aeronautics	aeronavtika
aeroplane	letalo
aerospace	aerospace
aesthetic	estetsko
aesthetics	estetika
aetiology	etiologija
afar	daleč
affable	prijazno
affair	afera
affect	vplivati
affecting	vplivajo
affection	naklonjenost
affectionate	ljubezniv
affections	naklonjenosti
affiche	NO TRANSLATION
affidavit	pisna izjava
affiliated	povezano
affiliation	pripadnost
affinity	afiniteto
affirm	potrdi
affirmation	potrditev
affirmative	pritrdilno
affirmatively	pritrdilno
affix	pritrdite
afflict	grozijo
afflicted	prizadeta
affliction	trpljenje
affluence	bogastvo
affluent	bogat
afford	privoščiti
affordable	cenovno dostopne
affront	napasti
affronted	oškodovani
afield	polno
afire	Požar
afloat	na zemljevidu
afore	prej
aforementioned	zgoraj omenjeno
aforesaid	omenjeno
afraid	strah
afresh	ponovno
african	afriški
aft	zadaj
afterlife	posmrtno življenje
aftermath	posledice
afternoon	popoldne
aftershave	aftershave
aftertaste	pookus
afterthought	pozneje
aga	NO TRANSLATION
agape	agape
agate	agate
age	starost
aged	starost
agency	agencija
agenda	dnevni red
agent	agent
agglomeration	aglomeracija
aggravate	poslabša
aggravated	poslabšanje
aggravates	poslabša
aggravating	otežuje
aggravation	poslabšanje
aggregate	agregat
aggregation	združevanje
aggresive	NO TRANSLATION
aggression	agresija
aggressive	agresivno
aggressively	agresivno
aggressiveness	agresivnost
aggressor	agresor
agh	agh
aghast	aghast
aghhh	NO TRANSLATION
agile	agilno
agility	okretnost
aging	staranje
agitate	agitirati
agitated	vznemirjen
agitation	vznemirjenost
aglow	aglow
agnostic	agnostik
ago	nazaj
agonizing	agonizira
agony	agonija
agoraphobia	agorafobija
agree	se strinjam
agreeable	prijetno
agreed	dogovorili
agreeing	strinjam se
agreement	sporazum
agressive	NO TRANSLATION
agricultural	kmetijski
agriculture	kmetijstvo
aground	zmeraj
agua	NO TRANSLATION
ahead	naprej
ahhh	ahhh
ahhhhhhhh	NO TRANSLATION
ahoy	ahoy
aid	pomoč
aide	pomočnik
aiding	pomoč
aids	pomoč
ail	ail
ailing	bolan
ailment	bolezen
aim	meriti
aimless	brez cilja
air	zrak
airbag	zračna blazina
airborne	v zraku
aircraft	letala
aircraft carrier	letalonosilka
airfield	letališče
airhead	zračna glava
airlift	zračni promet
airline	letalska družba
airliner	letalski prevoznik
airlock	airlock
airman	letalec
airplane	letalo
airport	letališče
airs	zrak
airship	zrakoplov
airspace	zračni prostor
airspeed	hitrosti
airstrip	pištola
airtight	nepredušno
airway	dihalna pot
aisle	prehod
ait	NO TRANSLATION
ajar	NO TRANSLATION
aka	aka
akin	akin
alabaster	alabaster
alarm	alarm
alarm clock	budilka
alarmed	vznemirjen
alarming	zaskrbljujoče
alas	Žal mi je
alb	NO TRANSLATION
albatross	albatros
albino	albino
album	album
alchemy	alkemija
alcohol	alkohol
alcoholic	alkoholno
alcoholism	alkoholizem
alcove	Alcove
alderman	alderman
ale	NO TRANSLATION
alert	opozorilo
alertness	budnost
alerts	opozorila
alfalfa	lucerka
algebra	algebra
algebraic	algebrski
algorithm	algoritem
alias	alias
alibi	alibi
alien	tujec
alienate	odtuji
alienated	odtujen
alienation	odtujenost
alight	zmeraj
align	poravnaj
aligned	poravnano
alignment	poravnava
alike	podobno
alimentation	NO TRANSLATION
alimony	alimentacija
aliquot	alikvot
alive	živ
alkali	alkalije
alkaloids	alkaloidi
allay	zmanjšati
allegation	trditev
allege	allege
alleged	domnevno
allegiance	lojalnost
allegorical	alegorično
allegory	alegorija
allegro	allegro
allergic	alergičen
allergy	alergija
alleviate	ublažiti
alleviation	olajšanje
alley	alley
alleyway	ulica
alliance	zavezništvo
allied	zavezništva
alligator	aligator
allocate	dodelite
allocation	dodelitev
allot	dodelitev
allotment	dodelitev
allow	dovolite
allowable	dovoljeno
allowance	dodatek
allowed	dovoljeno
alloy	zlitine
allsmiles	NO TRANSLATION
allure	privlačnost
alluring	privlačen
allusion	aluzija
alluvial	aluvialno
ally	zaveznik
almanac	almanah
almighty	vsemogočni
almond	mandelj
aloft	aloft
aloha	aloha
alone	sam
alongside	skupaj
aloof	aloof
aloud	naglas
alpha	alfa
alphabet	abeceda
alphabetical	abecedno
alpine	alpski
alreadyyyyy	že že
altar	oltar
altar boy	oltarček
alter	spreminjati
alteration	sprememba
altercation	razburjenje
altered	spremenjen
alternate	nadomestni
alternating	izmenično
alternative	alternativa
altimeter	višinomer
altitude	nadmorske višine
alto	alto
altogether	skupaj
aluminum	aluminij
alumnus	vzgojitelj
alveolar	alveolar
alzheimers	NO TRANSLATION
amalgam	amalgam
amalgamation	združevanje
amaretto	amaretto
amass	amass
amateur	ljubitelj
amaze	presenetiti
amazed	presenečen
amazedness	NO TRANSLATION
amazement	presenečenje
amazing	neverjetno
amazingly	neverjetno
ambassador	veleposlanik
amber	oranžna
ambience	ambient
ambient	ambient
ambiguity	dvoumnost
ambiguous	dvoumno
ambit	ambit
ambition	ambicije
ambitious	ambiciozen
ambivalent	ambivalentno
ambrosia	ambrozija
ambulance	rešilca
ambush	zaseda
ameliorate	izboljšati
amen	amen
amenable	podlage
amend	spremeniti
amendment	sprememba
amends	spremeni
amenity	udobje
amethyst	ametist
amiable	prijazno
amicable	prijateljski
amid	sredi
amidst	sredi
amino	amino
ammo	strelivo
ammonia	amoniak
ammonium	amonij
ammunition	strelivo
amnesia	amnezija
amnesty	amnestija
amorous	ljubezen
amorphous	amorfen
amortization	amortizacija
amount	znesek
amour	NO TRANSLATION
amp	amp
ampersand	ampersand
amphetamines	amfetamini
amphibian	dvoživka
amphibious	amfibijsko
amphitheater	amfiteater
ample	dovolj
amplification	ojačanje
amplify	razširiti
amplitude	amplituda
amply	dobro
amputate	amputirati
amputation	amputacija
amuck	Amuck
amulet	amulet
amuse	zabavaj
amused	zabavno
amusement	zabava
amusing	zabavno
ana	NO TRANSLATION
anaconda	anakonda
anaesthesia	anestezija
anaesthetic	anestezija
anagram	anagram
anal	anal
analgesic	analgetik
analogous	analogno
analogue	analogni
analogy	analogija
analysis	analiza
analyst	analitik
analytic	analitično
analytical	analitično
analyze	analizirati
analyzer	analizator
anaphylactic	anafilaktična
anarchism	anarhizem
anarchist	anarhist
anarchy	anarhija
anastomosis	anastomoza
anathema	anatema
anatomic	anatomsko
anatomy	anatomija
ancestor	prednik
ancestral	predniki
ancestry	prednikov
anchor	sidro
anchorage	sidrišče
ancient	starodavne
ancillary	Pomožni
androgen	androgen
android	android
anecdote	anekdota
anemia	anemija
anemic	anemično
anemone	anemone
anesthesia	anestezija
anesthesiologist	anesteziolog
anesthetic	anestezija
aneurysm	anevrizma
anew	novo
angel	angel
angelic	angelski
anger	jeza
angered	jezen
angermanagement	NO TRANSLATION
angina	angina
angiogram	angiogram
angiography	angiografija
angle	kota
angling	ribarjenje
angora	angora
angriest	najbolj jezen
angry	jezen
angrytweet	NO TRANSLATION
angst	angst
anguish	bojazen
anguished	jezen
angular	kotni
anhydrous	brezvodni
animal	živali
animate	animiraj
animated	animirano
animation	animacija
animosity	sovražnost
animus	animus
ankle	gleženj
anklet	anklet
annals	anali
annex	Priloga
annexation	aneksacija
annexe	NO TRANSLATION
annihilate	izničiti
annihilated	uničen
annihilation	anihilacija
anniversary	obletnico
annotate	annotate
annotation	opomba
announce	napovedati
announcement	napoved
announcer	napovedovalec
annoy	moti
annoyance	motnja
annoyed	moti
annoyin	NO TRANSLATION
annoying	nadležen
annoys	moti
annual	letno
annuity	renta
annul	razveljaviti
annular	obročasto
annulment	razveljavitev
annulus	annulus
anointed	pomazan
anointing	pomazanje
anomalous	anomalous
anomaly	anomalija
anon	anon
anonymity	anonimnost
anonymous	anonimno
anorexic	anoreksičen
answer	odgovor
answerable	odgovoren
answering	odgovori
ant	Mravlja
antagonism	antagonizem
antagonist	antagonist
antagonistic	antagonistično
antagonize	antagonizirati
ante	NO TRANSLATION
antecedent	predhodnik
antelope	antilopa
antenna	antena
anterior	anterior
anthem	himna
anthill	mravlje
anthology	antologija
anthrax	antraks
anthropological	antropološko
anthropologist	antropolog
anthropology	antropologija
anti	anti
antiaircraft	antiaircraft
antibiotic	antibiotik
antibiotics	antibiotiki
antichrist	antikrist
anticipate	pričakujte
anticipation	pričakovanje
anticipatory	predvidevajo
antics	antike
antidote	protistrup
antifungal	protiglivično
antigravity	antigravity
antimony	antimon
antipathy	antipatija
antiquarian	antikvarij
antiquated	zastarel
antique	starinsko
antiques	starine
antiquity	antike
antiseptic	antiseptik
antisocial	antisocialno
antithesis	antiteza
antithetical	antimetrično
antiviral	protivirusno
antler	antler
antsy	antsy
anus	anus
anvil	nakovalo
anxiety	anksioznost
anxietyattack	NO TRANSLATION
anxious	tesnoba
anxiousness	anksioznost
anytime	kadarkoli
aorta	aorta
aortic	aortna
apace	apace
apache	Apache
apartment	stanovanje
apartments	apartmaji
apathetic	apatično
apathy	apatija
ape	majmun
aperture	odprtina
apex	vrh
aphid	ušesa
aphrodisiac	afrodiziak
apiece	košček
aplomb	aplomb
apocalypse	apokalipse
apocalyptic	apokaliptično
apologetic	apologetično
apologist	apologist
apologize	se opravičujem
apology	opravičilo
apostasy	apostasy
apostate	apostat
apostle	apostol
apostolic	apostolski
apostrophe	apostrof
apothecary	apotekar
appalled	užaljen
appalling	grozljivo
apparatus	naprave
apparel	oblačila
apparent	očitno
apparently	očitno
apparition	prikazovanje
appeal	pritožba
appear	Pojavi se
appearance	videz
appease	umirite
appellant	pritožnik
append	dodajte
appendage	dodatek
appendectomy	appendectomy
appendicitis	apendicitis
appendix	Dodatek
appetite	apetit
appetizer	predjed
appetizing	appetizing
applaud	aplaudi
applause	aplavz
apple	jabolka
apple juice	jabolčni sok
applejack	applejack
applesauce	applesauce
appliance	aparat
appliances	naprave
applicability	uporabnost
applicable	primerno
applicant	prosilec
application	aplikacija
apply	veljajo
appoint	imenovati
appointment	imenovanje
appointments	imenovanja
apportion	razdelitev
apportionment	porazdelitev
appraisal	ocenjevanje
appraise	oceniti
appreciable	opazen
appreciate	cenite
appreciated	cenjen
appreciates	ceni
appreciation	spoštovanje
appreciative	hvaležni
apprehend	spoznati
apprehension	prijetje
apprehensive	vznemirjen
apprentice	vajenec
apprenticeship	vajeništvo
approach	pristop
approaching	približuje
approbate	NO TRANSLATION
approbation	odobritev
appropriate	primerno
appropriation	odobritve
approval	odobritev
approve	odobri
approved	odobren
approvement	odobritev
approving	odobritev
approximate	približno
approximately	približno
approximating	približevanje
approximation	približevanje
appurtenances	priloge
apricot	marelice
apron	predpasnik
apt	apt
aptitude	sposobnost
aqua	aqua
aquamarine	akvamarin
aquarium	akvarij
aquatic	vodni
aqueduct	vodovod
aqueous	vodni
arable	poljedelstvo
arbiter	Arbiter
arbitrary	arbitrarna
arbitrate	arbitražo
arbitration	arbitraža
arbitrator	arbitra
arbor	arbor
arc	lok
arcade	arkada
arcane	arkane
arch	lok
archaeological	arheološko
archaeologist	arheolog
archaeology	arheologija
archaic	arhaična
archangel	arhangel
archbishop	nadškof
archdiocese	nadškofija
archduke	nadvojvoda
arched	arched
archer	streličar
archery	lokostrelstvo
archetype	arhetip
archipelago	arhipelag
architect	arhitekt
architectural	arhitekturno
architecture	arhitektura
archive	arhiv
arctic	Arktika
ardent	goreč
ardor	Ardor
arduous	naporno
area	območje
arena	arena
areola	areola
areyoukidding	NO TRANSLATION
areyoukiddingme	NO TRANSLATION
argent	NO TRANSLATION
argh	argh
arghh	NO TRANSLATION
arghhhh	NO TRANSLATION
argue	trdijo
argument	prepir
argumentation	argumentacija
argumentative	argumentativno
arguments	argumente
arid	arid
arise	Pojavi se
aristocracy	aristokracija
aristocrat	aristokrat
aristocratic	aristokratsko
arithmetic	aritmetično
ark	ark
arm	roka
armada	armada
armament	oborožitev
armaments	oborožitev
armature	armatura
armchair	fotelj
armed	oborožen
armor	oklep
armored	oklepno
armory	orožje
armpit	pazduha
arms	roke
army	vojska
aroma	aroma
aromatherapy	aromaterapija
arousal	vzburjenost
arouse	vzburi
aroused	vzburjen
arraignment	poravnava
arrange	uredi
arranged	urejeno
arrangement	ureditev
array	array
arrears	zaostala plačila
arrest	aretirati
arrhythmia	aritmija
arrival	prihod
arrive	prispejo
arrogance	aroganco
arrogant	aroganten
arrow	puščica
arsehole	arsehole
arseholes	arseholes
arsenal	arsenal
arsenic	arzen
arson	požig
arsonist	požigalka
art	umetnost
arterial	arterijski
artery	arterija
artful	umetni
arthritis	artritis
arthropod	členonožcev
artichoke	artičoka
article	članek
articles	izdelki
articulate	artikulirati
articulation	artikulacija
artifact	artefakt
artifice	umetnost
artificial	umetno
artillery	artilerijo
artisan	obrtnik
artist	umetnik
artiste	NO TRANSLATION
artistic	umetniško
artistry	umetnost
artists	umetniki
artwork	umetniško delo
arty	arty
asap	takoj, ko bo mogoče
asbestos	azbest
ascend	vzpon
ascendancy	nadvlada
ascendant	Ascendant
ascending	naraščajoče
ascension	vzpon
ascent	vzpon
ascertain	preveri
ascertained	ugotovljeno
ascetic	asket
ash	pepel
ashamed	sram
ashes	pepel
ashtray	pepelnik
asinine	asinin
ask	vprašajte
asleeep	NO TRANSLATION
asleep	spati
asp	asp
asparagus	špargljev
aspartame	aspartam
aspect	vidik
aspects	vidike
aspen	Aspen
asphalt	asfalt
asphyxia	asfiksija
asphyxiation	zadušitev
aspiration	aspiracija
aspire	si prizadevajo
aspirin	aspirin
aspiring	ambiciozni
ass	rit
assail	assail
assailant	napadalec
assassin	morilec
assassinate	ubiti
assassination	atentat
assault	napad
assay	esej
assemblage	montaža
assemble	zbrati
assembled	sestavljen
assembly	montaža
assemblyman	montažer
assent	privolitev
assert	trditi
asserting	trditev
assertion	trditev
assertive	trdno
assess	oceniti
assessment	ocenjevanje
assessor	ocenjevalec
asset	sredstva
assets	sredstva
asshole	kreten
assign	dodelite
assignee	pooblaščenec
assignment	dodelitev
assimilate	asimilirati
assimilation	asimilacija
assist	pomoč
assistance	pomoč
assistant	pomočnik
associate	sodelavec
association	združenje
assorted	izbrano
assortment	izbor
assuage	assuage
assume	domnevati
assumed	domnevajo
assuming	ob predpostavki
assumption	predpostavka
assurance	zagotovilo
assure	Zagotavljam
assured	Zagotovo
assuredly	zagotovo
asterisk	zvezdico
asteroid	asteroid
asteroids	asteroidi
asthma	astma
asthmatic	astmatično
astigmatism	astigmatizem
astonish	Presenetiti
astonished	začuden
astonishing	presenetljivo
astonishingly	NO TRANSLATION
astonishment	presenečenje
astound	presenečen
astral	astralno
astray	zabrisati
astringent	adstringent
astrologer	astrolog
astrology	astrologija
astronaut	astronavt
astronomer	astronom
astronomical	astronomsko
astronomy	astronomija
astute	preudarno
asunder	Spodaj
asylum	azil
asymmetric	asimetrična
asymmetry	asimetrija
asymptotic	asimptotični
atelier	atelje
atheism	ateizem
atheist	ateista
atheistic	ateistično
atherosclerosis	ateroskleroza
athlete	atlet
athletic	atletska
athleticism	atletika
athletics	atletika
atlas	atlas
atmosphere	atmosfero
atmospheric	atmosferski
atoll	atol
atom	atom
atomic	atomski
atone	atone
atonement	sprave
atpeace	atpeace
atrium	atrij
atrocious	grozno
atrocity	grozote
atrophy	atrofija
attach	priložite
attached	priložen
attachment	Priponka
attack	napad
attacker	napadalec
attacking	napadajo
attain	doseči
attainable	dosegljiv
attainment	doseganje
attempt	poskus
attempted	poskušal
attend	udeležiti se
attendance	prisotnost
attendant	spremljevalec
attention	pozornost
attentionseeker	NO TRANSLATION
attentionseekers	NO TRANSLATION
attentive	pozoren
attenuate	oslabiti
attenuated	oslabljeno
attenuation	slabljenje
attest	potrditi
attestation	potrdilo
attic	mansarda
attire	Obleka
attitude	odnos
attorney	odvetnik
attract	privabiti
attraction	atrakcija
attractive	privlačen
attractiveness	privlačnost
attributable	pripisati
attribute	atribut
attribution	dodelitev
attrition	izguba
auburn	auburn
auction	dražbi
auctioneer	dražitelj
audacious	drzno
audacity	drznost
audible	slišno
audience	občinstvo
audio	avdio
audit	revizijo
audition	avdicija
auditions	avdicije
auditor	revizor
auditorium	avditorij
auditory	slušni
aught	Aught
augment	Povečanje
augmentation	povečanje
august	avgust
aunt	teta
auntie	Teta
aura	aura
aurora	Aurora
auspices	pokroviteljstvo
auspicious	Ugodno
austere	strogo
austerity	varčnosti
authentic	verodostojna
authenticate	avtentikacija
authentication	preverjanje pristnosti
authenticity	avtentičnost
author	avtor
authoritative	avtoritativni
authority	organ
authorization	dovoljenje
authorize	dovolite
authorized	dovoljeno
authorship	avtorstvo
autism	avtizem
autistic	avtistično
auto	avto
autobiographical	avtobiografski
autobiography	avtobiografija
autocorrect	samodejno popravljanje
autocratic	avtokratsko
autograph	avtogram
autographed	avtographed
automated	avtomatsko
automatic	avtomatsko
automobile	avtomobil
automotive	avtomobilska industrija
autonomy	avtonomija
autopilot	avtopilot
autopsy	obdukcija
autumn	jeseni
auxiliary	pomožni
avail	izkoristiti
availability	razpoložljivost
available	na voljo
avalanche	plaz
avarice	avarice
avatar	avatar
avenge	maščevanje
avenger	avenger
avenging	maščevanje
avenue	aveniji
aver	NO TRANSLATION
average	povprečje
aversation	NO TRANSLATION
averse	averse
averseness	Odsotnost
aversion	averzijo
avert	Preprečite
aviary	Aviarno
aviation	letalstvo
aviator	letalec
avid	navdušen
avocado	avokado
avoid	izogibajte se
avoidance	izogibanje
avoiding	izogibanje
await	čakaj
awake	buden
awaken	Prebudite se
awakening	prebujanje
award	nagrada
awards	nagrade
aware	se zaveda
awareness	ozaveščenost
awe	NO TRANSLATION
awed	awed
awesome	super
awesomeness	izjemno
awestruck	awestruck
awful	grozno
awkward	nerodno
awkwardness	nerodnost
awning	Tenda
awry	prekleto
axe	sekira
axial	aksialno
axiom	Aksiom
axiomatic	aksiomatsko
axis	osi
axle	os
ay	ay
aye	aye
azimuth	azimut
azure	modra
babble	Bubble
babbling	bruhanje
babe	babe
baboon	baboon
baby	otroka
babysit	babysit
babysitter	varuška
baccalaureate	baccalaureate
baccarat	baccarat
bachelor	samec
bachelorette	bachelorette
back	nazaj
backboard	tabla
backbone	hrbtenica
backdoor	Zadnja vrata
backdrop	ozadje
backer	podpornik
backfire	povratni vžig
backgammon	Backgammon
background	ozadje
backhand	backhand
backhoe	bager
backoff	umakni se
backpack	nahrbtnik
backpacker	backpacker
backroom	zaprta soba
backseat	zadaj
backside	Zadnja stran
backtrack	vrnitev
backup	rezerva
backward	nazaj
backwardness	zaostalost
backwards	nazaj
backwater	povratna voda
backwoods	backwoods
backyard	dvorišče
bacon	slanina
bacteria	bakterije
bacterial	bakterij
bacterium	bakterija
bad	slab
badass	badass
badday	NO TRANSLATION
badfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
badge	značka
badger	badger
badhabit	NO TRANSLATION
badly	slabo
badness	slabost
baffle	baffle
baffled	zmeden
bag	vreča
bagel	bagel
baggage	prtljaga
baggie	baggie
baggy	vreča
bagman	bagman
bagpipes	vreče
bail	varščino
bailiff	sodni izvršitelj
bait	vaba
bake	pecivo
bakery	pekarna
baking	pečenje
bal	NO TRANSLATION
balance	ravnovesje
balanced	uravnotežen
balcony	balkon
bald	plešast
balding	balding
baldy	baldy
bale	bale
balk	balk
ball	žoga
ballad	balada
ballast	balast
ballerina	balerina
ballet	balet
ballgame	ballgame
ballistic	balistično
ballistics	balistika
balloon	balon
ballot	glasovanje
ballpark	balon
ballplayer	ballplayer
ballpoint	kroglica
ballroom	dvorana
ballsy	žoga
balm	balzam
balmy	balzam
balsam	balzam
balsamic	balzamični
bam	bam
bamboo	bambus
ban	NO TRANSLATION
banana	banana
band	band
bandage	povoj
bandanna	NO TRANSLATION
bandit	bandit
bandstand	bandstand
bandwagon	bandwagon
bandwidth	pasovno širino
bane	Bane
bang	bang
banger	banger
banish	izgnan
banished	izgnan
banishment	izgon
banister	Ploščica
banjo	banjo
bank	banka
banker	bankir
banking	bančništvo
bankroll	bankroll
bankrupt	stečaj
bankruptcy	stečaj
banner	banner
banquet	banket
banshee	Banshee
banter	banter
banzai	NO TRANSLATION
baptism	krst
baptismal	krst
baptize	krstiti
bar	bar
barb	Barb
barbarian	barbar
barbaric	barbarski
barbarism	barbarstvo
barbecue	žar
barbed	bodeča
barber	brivec
barbershop	brivnica
barbie doll	Barbie lutka
bard	Bard
bare	golo
bareback	bareback
barefoot	bosi
barely	komaj
barf	barf
bargain	Bargain
bargaining	pogajanja
barge	Barža
baritone	bariton
barium	barij
bark	lubje
barkeep	barkeep
barks	laja
barley	ječmen
barmaid	barman
barman	Barman
barn	skedenj
barnacle	barnacle
barney	Barney
barnyard	Barnyard
barometer	barometer
baron	baron
baroness	baronica
baroque	barok
barrack	barak
barracuda	barracuda
barrage	jeza
barred	prepovedano
barrel	sod
barren	neploden
barricade	barikada
barrier	pregrado
barring	zapora
barrister	barrister
barroom	barbar
barrow	barrow
bartender	natakar
barter	barter
base	bazo
baseball	baseball
baseball bat	baseball bat
baseboard	podnožje
baseless	neutemeljeno
baseline	izhodišče
baseman	baseman
basement	klet
bases	baze
bash	bash
bashful	skrivnost
basic	osnovno
basics	osnove
basil	bazilika
basilica	bazilika
basin	bazena
basis	osnove
bask	bask
basket	košara
basketball	košarka
bass	bas
bass guitar	bas kitara
basso	NO TRANSLATION
bassoon	fagot
bastard	prasec
bastarding	pankrt
bastards	prasci
bastion	bastion
bat	netopir
batch	serija
batching	seriranje
bate	NO TRANSLATION
bath	kopel
bathe	kopanje
bathhouse	kopališče
bathing	kopanje
bathrobe	kopalni plašč
bathroom	kopalnica
bathtub	kad
bathymetry	batimetrija
baton	palico
battalion	bataljon
batter	Testo
battered	uničen
battering	battering
battery	baterijo
battle	Bitka
battled	boril se je
battlefield	bojno polje
battleground	bojišče
battlements	zobje
battleship	bojni boj
batty	Batty
bauble	bauble
bawdy	Podobno
bawl	bawl
bay	zaliv
bayonet	bajonet
bayou	bayou
bazaar	bazar
bazooka	bazooka
bday	bday
be	biti
beach	plaža
beaches	plaže
beacon	svetilnik
bead	kroglica
beading	beading
beads	kroglice
beady	beady
beagle	beagle
beak	kljun
beaker	čaša
beam	žarek
beaming	žarek
bean	fižol
beanbag	beanbag
beanie	kapa
bear	medveda
bearable	sprejemljiv
beard	brada
bearded	bradati
bearer	nosilec
bearing	nosi
bearings	ležaji
bearish	medvedek
bearskin	medvedka
beast	Zver
beastly	živahno
beat	premagati
beaten	pretepen
beater	Beater
beating	premagal
beatnik	beatnik
beau	Beau
beautification	ulepšanje
beautiful	lepo
beautify	Uljepšati
beauty	lepota
beaver	bober
bebop	bebop
beck	beck
beckon	Vzemi
become	postane
bed	postelja
bedding	posteljnina
bedpan	bedpan
bedrock	bedrock
bedroom	spalnica
bedside	postelja
bedspread	posteljna pregrinjala
bedtime	pred spanjem
bee	čebela
beef	goveje meso
beefsteak	goveji zrezek
beehive	čebelnjak
beep	pisk
beeper	Beeper
beer	pivo
bees	čebele
beeswax	čebelji vosek
beetle	hrošč
befall	se zgodi
befitting	prijetno
befriend	spoprijatelj
befuddled	zmeden
beg	Prosim
beggar	berač
begging	prosjačenje
begin	začeti
beginner	začetnik
beginning	začetek
beginnings	začetki
begrudge	beg
begun	Začelo se je
behappy	NO TRANSLATION
behave	Obnašajte se
behavior	vedenje
behavioral	vedenjski
behemoth	Behemoth
behest	prosim
behold	glej
beholden	glej
beholder	opazovalec
beige	bež
belated	zakasnjeno
belay	belay
belch	belch
belief	prepričanje
believable	prepričljiv
believe	verjeti
believed	verjel
believer	vernik
believing	verjeti
belittle	slabost
belittled	zanemarjena
bell	zvonec
bellboy	zvonec
bellhop	bellhop
belligerent	zaljubljen
bellman	bellman
bellow	spodaj
bellows	meh
belly	trebuh
bellybutton	popek
bellyful	trebuh
belong	pripadajo
belongings	stvari
beloved	ljubljeni
belt	pas
beluga	beluga
bemused	zmeden
bench	klop
bend	bend
bender	Bender
bending	upogibanje
beneath	spodaj
benedictory	benedictory
benefactor	dobrotnik
beneficial	koristno
beneficiary	upravičenec
benefit	koristi
benevolence	dobronamernost
benevolent	prijazno
benign	benigna
bent	upognjen
benzene	benzen
bequeath	dedek
bequest	zasvojenost
bereaved	ožgano
bereavement	žalost
bereft	brez bivanja
beret	beret
bergamot	bergamot
berlin	berlin
berserk	Berserk
berth	privez
beryllium	berilij
beseech	Prosim
beset	bije
bestdayever	Najboljši dan
bestfeeling	Najboljše počutje
bestfriends	najboljši prijatelji
bestial	bestial
besties	najboljše
bestow	daruj
bestseller	najboljši prodajalec
bet	Stavite
beta	beta
betray	izdati
betrayal	izdaja
betrayed	izdano
betrothed	zavezani
betterment	izboljšanje
betting	stave
betty	Betty
bevel	stožčasti
beverage	pijača
bevy	bevy
beware	Pazite
bewilder	Zlahka
bewildered	zmeden
bewilderment	zmedo
bias	pristranskost
biased	pristranski
bib	bib
bible	Biblija
biblical	biblično
bibliography	bibliografija
bicarbonate	bikarbonat
bicentennial	dvestoletnico
biceps	biceps
bicker	biker
bickering	batorering
bicolor	bikolor
bicycle	kolo
bid	ponudbo
bidder	ponudnik
bidding	ponudbe
bide	NO TRANSLATION
biennial	bienale
bier	NO TRANSLATION
bifurcation	bifurkacija
big	velik
bigamy	bigamy
bigday	velik dan
biggestfear	NO TRANSLATION
biggie	biggie
bighorn	bighorn
bigmouth	velika usta
bigot	bigot
bigoted	pobožen
bigotry	neumnost
bike	kolo
biker	Biker
bikini	bikini
bilateral	dvostransko
bilayer	Dvoslojni
bile	žolč
bilge	Bilge
bilingual	dvojezični
bill	račun
billboard	oglasni pas
billet	gredica
billiard	biljard
billiards	biljard
billing	zaračunavanje
billion	milijardo
billionaire	milijarderja
billy	Billy
bimbo	bimbo
bimonthly	dvomesečno
bin	bin
binary	binarni
bind	zavezujoče
binder	vezivo
bindery	bindery
binding	zavezujoče
bing	bing
binge	binge
bingo	bingo
binocular	binokularni
binoculars	daljnogledi
binomial	binomski
bio	bio
biochemical	biokemijski
biochemist	biokemist
biochemistry	biokemija
biogenesis	biogeneza
biographer	biograf
biography	biografija
biological	biološko
biologist	biolog
biology	biologija
bionic	bionic
biopsy	biopsija
biosphere	biosfera
bipartite	bipartite
bipolar	bipolarni
birch	breza
bird	ptica
birdcage	ptička
birdie	ptičica
birdman	ptičica
birth	rojstvo
birthday	rojstni dan
birthing	rojstvo
birthmark	birthmark
birthplace	rojstni kraj
birthright	rojstna pravica
bis	NO TRANSLATION
biscuit	piškot
bisexual	biseksualec
bishop	škof
bison	bizon
bisque	bisque
bistro	bistro
bit	bit
bitch	prasica
bitchy	bitchy
bite	ugriz
biter	NO TRANSLATION
bitsy	bitsy
bitter	grenko
bitterly	grenko
bitterness	grenkobe
bittersweet	Grenkavica
bitty	bitka
bitumen	bitumen
biweekly	dvakrat
biz	biz
bizarre	bizarno
blab	blab
blabbermouth	blabbermouth
black	Črna
black snake	črna kača
blackberry	Blackberry
blackbird	kos
blackboard	tabla
blacken	Črni
blackface	črna
blackjack	blackjack
blacklist	črni seznam
blackmail	izsiljevanje
blackmailer	izsiljevalec
blackness	črna
blackout	zatemnitev
blacksmith	kovač
bladder	mehur
blade	rezilo
blame	krivda
blameless	brez krivde
bland	Bland
blank	prazno
blanket	odeja
blare	blare
blase	NO TRANSLATION
blasphemous	bogokleten
blasphemy	bogokletje
blast	pišu
blaster	Blaster
blastoff	izstreliti
blatant	očitno
blather	blather
blaze	Blaze
blazer	blazer
blazing	plamen
bleach	belilo
bleak	Mrtav
bleed	krvavitev
bleeder	bleeder
bleeding	krvavitev
bleep	bleep
blemish	pomanjkljivost
blemished	blemished
blend	mešanica
blender	mešalnik
blending	mešanje
bless	blagoslovi
blessed	blagoslovljen
blessing	blagoslov
blessings	blagoslovi
bleu	bleu
blight	blato
blighted	uničil
blimp	blimp
blind	slepi
blinded	zaslepljen
blindfold	vezenje na oči
blindfolded	z očmi
blinding	zaslepitev
blindly	slepo
blindness	slepoto
blink	utripa
blip	blip
bliss	blaženost
blissful	blažen
blister	pretisni omot
blistering	mehurji
blitz	blitz
blizzard	Blizzard
bloat	bloat
bloated	napihnjen
blob	blob
block	blok
blockade	blokada
blockage	blokada
blockbuster	blockbuster
blockhead	Bedak
blog	blog
bloke	bloke
blond	blond
blonde	blondinka
blood	kri
bloodbath	krvavitev
bloodhound	Krvavec
bloodless	brez krvi
bloodline	krvna linija
bloodshed	krvoproba
bloodshot	krvavitev
bloodstream	krvni obtok
bloodthirsty	krvoločno
bloody	krvavo
bloom	cvet
bloomers	bloomers
blooming	cvetenje
blossom	cvet
blot	blot
blotched	blotted
blotter	bloter
blouse	bluza
blow	udarec
blower	puhalo
blowfish	blowfish
blowing	piha
blowjob	blowjob
blown	piha
blowout	upihnil
blowtorch	blowtorch
blubber	blubber
bluddy	blatni
blue	modra
blue spruce	modra smreka
blueberry	borovnica
bluebird	bluebird
bluegrass	bluegrass
bluejay	Bluejay
blueprint	načrt
blues	blues
bluff	blef
bluish	modrikasta
blunder	napačna
blunt	Top
blur	zameglitev
blurred	zamegljen
blurry	zamegljen
blurt	bruhanje
blush	rdečilo
blushing	rdečica
boa	NO TRANSLATION
boa constrictor	NO TRANSLATION
boar	merjasca
board	tabla
board game	namizna igra
boarder	NO TRANSLATION
boarding	vkrcanje
boardroom	dvorana
boards	plošče
boardwalk	Riva
boast	pohvali
boastful	hvalevredno
boasting	pohvali
boat	čoln
boathouse	čolnarica
boating	čolnarjenje
boatload	ladijski tovor
boatman	čolnar
bobbin	bobbin
bobcat	RIS
bobsled	bobsled
bode	bode
bodega	bodega
bodice	bodice
bodily	telesno
body	telo
bodyguard	telohranitelj
bog	bog
bogey	Bogey
bogeyman	Bogeyman
bogus	lažno
bohemian	boemski
boil	zavrite
boiler	kotel
boilerplate	kotlovska plošča
boiling	Vreti
boisterous	veselo
bold	krepko
boldness	drznost
bollocks	sidri
bolster	okrepiti
bolt	vijak
bolus	Bolus
bomb	bomba
bombard	bombardiranje
bombardier	bombardir
bombardment	bombardiranje
bombed	bombardiran
bomber	bomber
bombers	bombarderji
bombing	bombardiranje
bombshell	bomba
bonanza	bonanza
bonbon	NO TRANSLATION
bond	vez
bondage	ropstvo
bonding	vezava
bonds	obveznice
bondsman	obveznik
bone	kosti
bonehead	bonehead
boner	boner
bones	kosti
bonfire	kresanje
bong	bong
bonkers	bonkers
bonne	NO TRANSLATION
bonnet	pokrov motorja
bonny	bonny
bonsai	bonsai
bonus	bonus
bony	koščeno
boo	Boo
boob	boob
booby	mamica
booger	Booger
boogeyman	Boogeyman
boogie	Boogie
book	knjigo
bookcase	knjižna polica
bookie	bookie
booking	rezervacija
bookish	bookish
bookkeeper	knjigovodja
bookkeeping	knjigovodstvo
booklet	knjižica
bookmaker	stavnica
bookmark	zaznamek
books	knjige
bookseller	knjigarnar
bookshop	knjigarna
bookstore	knjigarna
bookworm	bookworm
boom	boom
boomer	Boomer
boomerang	boomerang
booming	v razcvetu
boon	Bona
boooo	NO TRANSLATION
boost	pospešek
booster	ojačevalnik
boot	prtljažnik
booth	kabina
bootleg	bootleg
bootlegger	bootlegger
boots	čevlji
booty	plen
booze	pijača
bop	bop
bopper	bopper
border	meja
bordering	meja
borderline	mejno
bore	rojen
boreal	boreal
bored	dolgčas
boredom	dolgčas
borer	sornik
boring	dolgočasno
born	Rojen
boron	bor
borough	okrožje
borrow	sposoditi
borrower	posojilojemalec
bosom	bosom
boss	šef
bossy	šef
boston	Boston
botanical	botanični
botanist	botanist
botany	botanika
bother	skrbi
bothering	moti
bottle	steklenica
bottleneck	ozko grlo
bottling	polnjenje
bottom	spodaj
bottomless	brez dna
botulism	botulizem
boulder	boulder
bounce	Odskakati
bouncer	Odskakovalec
bouncy	živahno
bound	vezani
boundary	meja
boundless	brezmejna
bounds	meje
bountiful	bogat
bounty	nagrada
bouquet	šopek
bourbon	bourbon
bourgeois	buržujsko
bourgeoisie	buržoazija
bourse	borza
bout	bout
boutique	Butik
bouttime	bouttime
bovine	govedo
bow	lok
bowed	poklonil
bowel	črevesja
bowels	črevesja
bowl	skledo
bowler	bowler
bowling	keglanje
bowls	sklede
box	škatla
boxcar	boxcar
boxer	boksar
boxers	boksarice
boxing	boks
boy	fant
boycott	bojkot
boyfriend	fant
boyhood	otroštvo
boyish	dečko
boysenberry	boysenberry
bozo	Božo
bra	modrček
brace	brace
bracelet	zapestnica
braces	naramnice
brachial	brahial
bracket	nosilec
brackets	oklepajih
brackish	brak
brad	brad
brag	Brag
braid	pletenice
brain	možganov
brainless	brez možganov
brains	možgani
brainstorm	brainstorm
brainwash	pranje možganov
brainy	braina
brake	zavore
bran	otrobi
branch	podružnica
branching	razvejanje
brand	znamka
brandy	žganje
brash	brash
brass	medenina
brass knuckle	medeninasti knuckle
brassiere	brassiere
brat	brat
bratwurst	bratwurst
bravado	bravado
brave	pogumen
bravery	hrabrost
brawl	preganjati
brawn	Brawn
brazen	drzni
breach	kršitev
bread	kruh
breadth	širina
break	odmor
breakable	razbiti
breakaway	Odcep
breakdown	zlomiti se
breaker	breaker
breakers	odklopniki
breakfast	zajtrk
breaking and entering	zlom in vstop
breakingnews	breakingnews
breakneck	Prekleto
breakthrough	preboj
breakup	raziti se
breast	prsi
breath	sapo
breathe	dihajte
breather	dihanje
breathless	brez sape
breathtaking	dih jemajoče
breech	gnezdo
breeches	prsi
breed	pasma
breeder	žlahtnitelj
breeding	vzreja
breeze	vetrič
breezy	lahkoten
brethren	bratje
breve	NO TRANSLATION
brevity	kratkost
brew	piva
brewery	pivovarna
brewing	pivovarstvo
briar	briar
bribe	podkupnine
bribery	podkupovanje
brick	opeka
bridal	poročne
bride	nevesta
bridegroom	mladenič
bridesmaid	bridesmaid
bridge	most
bridle	uzdah
brief	kratko
briefcase	aktovko
briefing	informiranje
briefly	na kratko
brig	brig
brigade	brigada
bright	svetlo
brighten	razjasni
brightens	razjasni
brighter	svetlejša
brightness	svetlost
brilliance	sijaj
brilliant	sijajno
brim	roba
brimming	polnjenje
brimstone	žveplo
brine	slanico
bring	prinesi
brink	rob
brisk	hitro
brisket	brisket
bristle	ščetinec
brittle	krhko
bro	bro
broach	pršut
broad	širok
broadcast	oddaja
broadcasting	oddajanje
broaden	razširiti
broadside	širše
broadsword	širok meč
brocade	brokada
broccoli	brokoli
brochure	brošura
broil	pepel
broke	zlomil
broken	zdrobljen
brokenheart	NO TRANSLATION
brokenhearted	zlomljenega srca
broker	posrednik
brokerage	posredovanje
bromide	bromid
bronco	bronco
bronze	bronasta
brooch	broška
brood	plemenjak
brooding	razmnoževanje
brook	potok
broom	metla
broomstick	metlo
broth	juha
brothel	bordel
brother	brat
brotherhood	bratstvo
brotherly	bratsko
brow	čelo
brown	rjav
brownstone	Brownstone
browse	brskaj
brrr	brrr
bruise	modrica
bruising	modrice
brunch	brunch
brunette	Brineta
brunt	breme
brush	krtačo
brutal	brutalno
brutality	brutalnost
brute	Brute
brutish	brutalno
bubble	mehurček
bubbling	bubbling
bubbly	mehurček
bubonic	bubonski
buck	buck
buckaroo	buckaroo
bucket	vedro
buckle	sponka
buckled	prekleti
bucko	bucko
buckshot	buckshot
buckwheat	ajde
bud	bud
buddha	buddha
buddhism	buddhizem
buddhist	budistka
budding	mladiči
buddy	prijatelj
budge	Pusti
budget	proračun
buff	buff
buffalo	bivol
buffer	pufer
buffering	pufriranje
buffet	bife
buffoon	božič
bug	bug
bugaboo	bugaboo
bugged	bugged
bugger	bugger
buggy	buggy
bugle	bugle
bugler	bugler
build	zgraditi
builder	graditelj
building	stavbe
buildings	zgradbe
buildup	zgraditi
bulb	žarnica
bulbous	bulbous
bulge	izboklina
bulimic	bulimic
bulk	v razsutem stanju
bulkhead	pregrada
bulky	obsežen
bull	bull
bulldog	buldog
bulldozer	buldožer
bullet	bullet
bulletin	bilten
bulletproof	neprebojno
bullfighter	bikoborca
bullfrog	bullfrog
bullheaded	bullheaded
bullhorn	Muhar
bullion	plemenitih kovin
bullock	junak
bullpen	bullpen
bullshit	sranje
bully	bulja
bulwark	bulwark
bum	bum
bumblebee	čmrlj
bummed	bummed
bummer	bummer
bump	bump
bumper	odbijač
bumpy	neroden
bun	NO TRANSLATION
bunch	kup
bundle	snop
bungalow	bungalov
bungee	bungee
bunghole	bunghole
bunion	bunion
bunk	pograd
bunker	bunker
bunkhouse	bunkhouse
bunny	zajček
bunt	bunt
buoy	boja
buoyancy	vzgon
buoyant	plavajoče
bur	bur
burden	breme
burdened	obremenjeno
burdensome	obremenjujoč
bureau	biro
bureaucracy	birokracija
bureaucrat	birokrat
bureaucratic	birokratski
burger	burger
burglar	vlomilec
burglary	vlom
burial	pokop
buried	pokopan
burke	burke
burlap	burlap
burlesque	burlesque
burly	burly
burn	opeklina
burned	spali
burner	gorilnik
burning	žganje
burnished	izrezan
burnout	izgorel
burnt	zgorela
burp	burp
burr	burr
burrito	burrito
burro	NO TRANSLATION
burrow	brezno
bursary	štipendija
burst	Počil sem
bury	pokopati
bus	avtobus
busboy	busboy
bush	grm
bushel	bushel
bushy	grmičast
business	poslovanje
business man	NO TRANSLATION
businessman	poslovnež
businesswoman	poslovna ženska
busload	busload
buss	avtobus
bust	prsi
busted	ujet
buster	Baster
bustle	vrveža
bustling	živahno
busy	zaseden
busybody	busybody
butane	butan
butcher	mesar
butler	Butler
butt	rit
butter	maslo
buttercup	buttercup
butterfly	metulj
buttermilk	pinjenec
butterscotch	Butterscotch
buttery	maslo
buttock	zadnjica
buttocks	zadnjice
button	gumb
buttress	podloga
buxom	buxom
buy	kupiti
buyer	kupec
buying	nakup
buzz	buzz
buzzard	Uganka
buzzed	buzzed
buzzer	brenčalo
buzzing	brenčanje
bye	zdravo
bygone	preteklost
bylaw	podzakonski akt
byline	byline
bypass	bypass
bystander	opazovalec
byte	bajt
byzantine	bizantin
cab	kabina
cabal	kabal
cabana	cabana
cabaret	kabaret
cabbage	zelje
cabbie	cabbie
cabernet	kabernet
cabin	kabina
cabinet	kabinet
cable	kabel
caboodle	kaverolj
caboose	caboose
cabriolet	kabriolet
cache	predpomnilnik
cacophony	kakofonija
cactus	kaktusa
cad	cad
cadaver	kadaver
caddie	NO TRANSLATION
caddy	Caddy
cadence	kadenca
cadet	kadet
cafe	kavarna
cafeteria	kavarno
caffeine	kofein
cage	kletka
cagey	cagey
cahoots	cahoots
cairn	cairn
cake	torta
cakewalk	Cakewalk
calamari	kalamari
calamitous	katastrofalen
calamity	nesreča
calcareous	apnenčast
calcium	kalcij
calculate	izračunati
calculated	izračunano
calculating	računanje
calculation	izračun
calculator	kalkulator
calculus	račun
calendar	koledar
calender	NO TRANSLATION
calf	teleta
caliber	kalibra
calibrate	kalibriraj
calico	kaliko
calipers	čeljusti
calisthenics	calisthenics
call	klic
callback	poklicati nazaj
caller	klicalca
calligraphy	kaligrafija
calling	klicanje
callous	neumnost
calls	klice
calm	mirno
calming	pomirja
calmness	mirnost
caloric	kalorično
calorie	kalorij
calorimeter	kalorimeter
cam	cam
camaraderie	družabnik
camber	odmrznitev
camcorder	videokamero
camel	kamel
cameo	Halo
camera	kamera
cameraman	snemalec
camisole	kamisol
camouflage	kamuflaža
camouflaged	NO TRANSLATION
camp	kamp
campaign	kampanja
campaigner	oglaševalec
campaigning	kampanje
camper	avtodom
campfire	campfire
camping	kampiranje
campsite	kamp
campus	kampus
can	lahko
can opener	odpirač konzerv
canal	kanal
canary	kanarski
cancel	prekliči
canceling	preklic
cancellation	preklic
cancer	rak
candid	iskren
candidacy	kandidaturo
candidate	kandidat
candied	candied
candle	sveča
candlelight	svečo
candles	sveče
candlestick	svečnik
candor	iskreno
candy	sladkarije
cane	trs
canine	Psi
canister	kanister
canker	canker
cannabis	konoplja
canned	konzervirano
cannibal	kanibal
cannibalism	kanibalizem
canning	konzerviranje
cannon	topovi
cannonball	topovščina
canoe	kanu
canon	kanon
canonical	kanonično
canons	kanoni
canopy	krošnjami
cantaloupe	cantaloupe
cantbreathe	NO TRANSLATION
canteen	kantina
canterbury	Canterbury
canthandleit	NO TRANSLATION
cantilever	konzola
cantina	cantina
canto	NO TRANSLATION
canton	kanton
cantstandit	NO TRANSLATION
cantwin	cantwin
canvas	platno
canvass	NO TRANSLATION
canyon	kanjon
cap	pokrovček
capability	zmogljivosti
capable	sposoben
capacity	zmogljivost
cape	rta
caper	caper
capillary	kapilare
capital	kapital
capitalism	kapitalizem
capitalist	kapitalist
capitalize	izkoristiti
capitals	prestolnice
capitation	kapitacija
capitol	kapitol
capitulation	kapitulacija
cappuccino	kapucino
caprice	Caprice
capricious	kapricijo
caps	kape
capslock	kapslo
capsule	kapsula
captain	kapitan
caption	napis
captivate	očarljiv
captivating	privlačno
captive	ujetnik
captivity	ujetništvo
captor	kapetan
capture	zajemanje
car	avto
caramel	karamel
carat	karat
caravan	prikolica
carbon	ogljik
carburetor	karburator
carcass	trup
carcinoma	karcinoma
card	kartica
cardboard	karton
cardiac	srčni
cardigan	kardigan
cardinal	kardinal
cardiologist	kardiolog
cardiology	kardiologija
cardiomyopathy	kardiomiopatija
cards	kartice
care	nego
career	kariero
carefree	brezskrbno
careful	skrbno
carefully	skrbno
careless	nepreviden
carelessness	neprevidnost
caress	božanstvo
caret	caret
caretaker	skrbnik
cargo	tovor
caribou	caribou
caricature	karikatura
caries	kariesa
caring	skrbna
carjack	Carjack
carnage	pokolja
carnal	telesno
carnation	nageljnov
carnival	karneval
carnivorous	mesojede
carol	Vabljeni
carols	Karlovi
carousel	vrtiljaka
carp	krap
carpal	karpal
carpenter	tesar
carpentry	tesarstvo
carpet	preproga
carpeting	preproge
carpool	carpool
carriage	prevoz
carried	prevažajo
carrier	prevoznik
carrot	korenje
carry	nositi
carrying	prenašanje
carsick	avtomobil
cart	voziček
carte	NO TRANSLATION
cartel	kartel
carter	karterja
cartilage	hrustanca
cartographic	kartografski
cartography	kartografija
carton	škatla
cartoon	risanka
cartouche	NO TRANSLATION
cartridge	vložek
carve	izrezati
carver	carver
carving	rezbarjenje
cascade	kaskada
case	primera
casein	kazein
cash	denar
cashier	blagajnik
cashmere	kašmir
casing	ohišje
casino	casino
cask	posoda
casket	kovaška
casserole	pečenka
cassette	kaseta
cast	oddanih
castaway	odženejo
caste	kasto
caster	caster
castle	grad
castor	ricinus
castrate	kastrat
castration	kastracija
casual	casual
casually	priložnostno
casualty	žrtev
cat	mačka
catabolism	katabolizem
catalog	katalog
catalogue	katalog
catalysis	kataliza
catalyst	katalizator
catalytic	katalitični
catamaran	katamaran
catapult	katapult
cataract	katarakta
catastrophe	katastrofa
catastrophic	katastrofalno
catatonic	katatonik
catch	ulov
catcher	lovilec
catching	ulov
catchphrase	catchphrase
catchy	privlačen
catechism	katekizem
categorical	kategorično
category	kategorijo
cater	poskrbi
caterer	gostinstvo
caterpillar	gosenica
cates	cate
catfish	soma
cathartic	katarzično
cathedral	katedrala
catheter	kateter
catholic	katolik
cathouse	cathouse
catnip	košnica
cattle	govedo
catwalk	pista
caucus	kluba
caudal	caudal
cauldron	kotel
cauliflower	cvetača
caulk	greznica
causal	vzročna
causality	vzročnost
causation	vzročna zveza
cause	vzrok
caused	povzročil
causeway	soteska
caution	previdnost
cautionary	opozorilo
cautious	previden
cautiously	previdno
cavalier	cavalier
cavalry	konjenica
cave	jama
caveat	Opozorilo
caveman	caveman
cavern	kaverna
cavernous	kavernozni
caviar	kaviar
caving	jamarstvo
cavity	votlina
cayenne	Cayenne
cease	preneha
ceasefire	prekinitev ognja
ceaseless	neprestano
cedar	cedra
cede	Cede
ceiling	strop
celebrant	slavljenec
celebrate	proslavi
celebrated	slaven
celebrating	praznovanje
celebration	praznovanje
celebrations	praznovanja
celebratory	slaven
celebrity	slaven
celery	zelena
celestial	nebesni
celibacy	celibat
celibate	celibat
cell	celica
cellar	klet
cellblock	celica
cellist	celist
cellmate	družabnik
cello	violončelo
cellophane	celofan
cellular	celično
cellulite	celulit
celluloid	celuloid
cement	cement
cemented	cementiran
cemetery	Pokopališče
censor	cenzor
censorship	cenzura
censure	cenzura
census	popis
cent	cent
centenary	stoletja
centennial	stoletja
center	center
centerfold	sredinsko
centerpiece	osrednji del
centimeter	centimeter
centipede	stolpič
central	centralno
centrality	osredotočenost
centralization	centralizacija
centralize	centralizirati
centrally	centralno
centrifugal	centrifugalno
centrifuge	centrifuga
centurion	centurion
century	stoletje
ceramic	keramika
ceramics	keramika
cereal	žita
cereals	žita
cerebral	cerebralno
ceremonial	slovesnost
ceremony	slovesnost
certain	nekateri
certainty	gotovost
certifiable	certificirano
certificate	certifikat
certified	certificirano
certify	potrjujem
cervical	cervikalno
cervix	cervik
cess	cess
cessation	prenehanje
cesspool	greznica
cha cha	NO TRANSLATION
chaff	plavuti
chafing	kurjenje
chagrin	Očaraj
chagrined	razdraženi
chai	chai
chain	verige
chainsaw	motorna žaga
chair	stol
chairman	predsednik
chairperson	predsednika
chairwoman	predsednica
chaise	kolo
chalet	koča
chalice	kocka
chalk	kreda
challenge	izziv
challenger	izziv
chamber	komora
chambermaid	sobarica
chambers	komore
chameleon	kameleon
champ	prvak
champagne	šampanjec
champion	prvak
championship	prvenstvo
chance	priložnost
chancellor	kanclerka
chandelier	lestenec
chandler	chandler
change	sprememba
changeable	spremenljiv
changed	spremenjeno
changer	izmenjevalec
changing	zamenjati
channel	kanal
chant	Pesem
chaos	kaos
chaotic	kaotično
chap	pogl
chapel	kapela
chaperon	Chaperon
chaplain	kaplan
chapman	Čapman
chaps	chaps
chapter	poglavje
char	char
character	znak
characteristic	značilnost
characterize	značilnost
charade	šarada
charcoal	oglje
chardonnay	chardonnay
charge	obtožiti
chargeable	zaračunati
charger	polnilec
chariot	kočija
charisma	karizma
charismatic	karizmatično
charitable	dobrodelni
charity	dobrodelnost
charlatan	šarlatan
charm	čar
charmed	očarani
charmer	Čarmer
charming	očarljivo
charred	ogorčeni
chart	grafikon
charter	zakup
chartered	zakup
chase	lov
chased	preganjali
chaser	Časnik
chasm	brezna
chassis	šasija
chaste	čestit
chastened	kaznovani
chastisement	kaznovanje
chastity	čistost
chat	klepet
chateau	dvorec
chatter	bobnar
chatterbox	bobnar
chattering	piskanje
chatty	kreten
chauffeur	voznik
chauvinist	šovinist
cheap	poceni
cheapened	poceni
cheapskate	cheapskate
cheat	goljufija
cheater	prekleti
check	preveri
checkbook	čekovna knjiga
checker	checker
checkered	klobučki
checkers	dama
checklist	kontrolni seznam
checkmate	mat
checkout	preveri
checkpoint	kontrolna točka
checkup	preveri
cheek	lice
cheeks	lica
cheeky	sramežljiv
cheep	cheep
cheer	navijati
cheered	navdušeni
cheerful	vesel
cheerfulness	veselo
cheering	navijanje
cheerleader	navijačica
cheerleading	navijačica
cheerless	brezsrčen
cheers	na zdravje
cheery	veselo
cheese	sir
cheeseburger	cheeseburger
cheesecake	sira
cheesy	sirast
cheetah	gepard
chef	kuhar
chemical	kemično
chemise	NO TRANSLATION
chemist	kemik
chemistry	kemija
chemo	kemoterapija
chemotherapy	kemoterapija
cheque	preveri
cherish	ceniti
cherishing	negovanje
cherry	češnja
cherub	cherub
chess	šah
chest	prsni koš
chestnut	kostanj
chevron	Ševron
chew	žvečiti
chewy	žvečilni
chic	elegantno
chicane	chicane
chick	piščanca
chicken	piščanec
chicken pox	norice
chickenpox	norice
chief	šef
chiefly	predvsem
chieftain	vodja
chiffon	šifon
child	otrok
childbirth	poroda
childhood	otroštvo
childish	otročji
childless	brez otrok
childlike	otrok
childloss	NO TRANSLATION
children	otroci
chili	čili
chill	hladno
chilled	ohlajeno
chilling	hlajenje
chilly	hladno
chime	zvonec
chimera	kimera
chimes	zvončki
chimney	dimnik
chimp	šimpanz
chimpanzee	šimpanzi
chin	brada
china	Kitajska
chinchilla	chinchilla
chine	NO TRANSLATION
chinook	chinook
chip	čip
chipmunk	veverica
chipper	sekalnik
chipping	chipping
chiropractor	kiropraktik
chirp	čir
chirping	chirping
chisel	dleto
chiseler	čisel
chit	chit
chitchat	Čajati
chivalry	viteštvo
chloride	klorid
chlorine	klor
chloroform	kloroform
chocolate	čokolada
choice	izbira
choir	zbor
choke	dušenje
cholera	kolera
cholesterol	holesterol
choose	izberite
choosing	izbira
choosy	izbirljiv
chop	odrezek
chopper	helikopter
choppers	sekire
chopping	sekanje
chops	zrezki
choral	zborovski
chord	akord
chords	akorde
chore	Delo
choreographer	koreograf
choreography	koreografija
chorus	refren
chosen	izbran
chow	chow
chowder	čajnik
christ	Kristus
christen	NO TRANSLATION
christening	krst
christian	Kristjan
christmas	Božič
christmasbreak	NO TRANSLATION
christmaseve	NO TRANSLATION
christmasspirit	NO TRANSLATION
christmassy	Božiček
christmastime	božični čas
chromatic	kromatičen
chromatography	kromatografija
chrome	krom
chromium	krom
chromosome	kromosom
chronic	kronično
chronicle	kronika
chronograph	kronograf
chronological	kronološki
chubby	debel
chuck	Chuck
chuckle	se smeh
chug	Čug
chum	Chum
chummy	cummy
chump	Chump
chunk	kos
chunky	brušeni
church	cerkev
churchyard	cerkev
churn	zavrtite
chute	žleb
chutney	chutney
ciao	ciao
cider	jabolčnik
cigar	cigara
cigarette	cigareta
cilantro	cilantro
cinch	cinch
cinder	pečenec
cinema	kino
cinematic	filmsko
cinematographer	kinematograf
cinematography	kinematografija
cinnamon	cimet
cipher	šifra
circle	krog
circling	kroženje
circuit	vezje
circuitry	vezje
circular	krožno
circulate	krožijo
circulation	kroženje
circulatory	krvotok
circumcision	obrezovanje
circumference	obod
circumferential	obodni
circumscribed	omejeni
circumstance	okoliščina
circumstances	okoliščin
circumstantial	posredni
circumvent	zaobiti
circumvention	izogibanje
circus	cirkus
cirque	cirk
cirrhosis	ciroza
cirrus	cirrus
cistern	cisterna
citadel	citadel
citation	citat
cite	citirati
citizen	državljan
citizenship	državljanstvo
citrine	citrin
citrus	citrusov
city	mesto
citywide	mestno
civic	državljanski
civics	državljanstvo
civil	civilno
civilian	civilno
civilians	civilisti
civility	Javnost
civilization	civilizacija
civilized	civilizirano
clad	oblečen
claim	zahtevek
claimant	tožnik
clairvoyant	jasnovidec
clam	clam
clambake	clambake
clammy	kremasto
clamor	klobuk
clamp	objemka
clan	klan
clandestine	skrivnost
clang	klang
clap	clap
clapper	klapper
clapping	ploskanje
clarification	pojasnitev
clarify	pojasni
clarinet	klarinet
clarion	clarion
clarity	jasnost
clash	spopad
clashing	spopadanje
clasp	zaponka
class	razred
classic	klasika
classic rock	klasična skala
classical	klasično
classics	klasike
classification	razvrstitev
classified	razvrščeni
classify	razvrstite
classmate	sosolec
classroom	učilnica
classy	classy
clatter	trkanje
clause	klavzula
clauses	klavzule
claustrophobia	klaustrofobija
claustrophobic	claustrophobic
clavicle	klavikula
claw	kremplja
claws	kremplji
clay	glina
clean	čisto
cleaner	čistejše
cleaning	čiščenje
cleanliness	čistost
cleanly	čisto
cleanse	očistite
cleanser	čistilec
cleansing	čiščenje
cleanup	pospravi
clear	jasno
clearance	potrditev
clearing	čiščenje
clearness	jasnost
cleat	čiščenje
cleavage	cepitev
cleave	cepiti
cleaver	NO TRANSLATION
clef	clef
cleft	razcep
clemency	milost
clench	clench
clergy	duhovnik
clergyman	duhovnik
cleric	duhovnik
clerical	pisarniško
clerk	uradnik
clerkship	clerkship
clever	pameten
cleverness	pamet
click	kliknite
clicker	kliker
client	odjemalec
clientele	stranke
cliff	pečine
climate	podnebje
climatology	klimatologija
climax	vrhunec
climb	plezati
climber	plezalec
clinch	klinč
cling	oprijem
clingy	skrito
clinic	klinike
clinical	klinično
clink	klinkanje
clip	posnetek
clipboard	odložišče
clipper	kliper
clipping	izrezovanje
clique	NO TRANSLATION
clitoris	klitoris
cloak	plašč
cloaking	skrivanje
cloakroom	garderoba
clobber	Clobber
clock	ura
clockwork	ura
clod	klod
clog	zamašitev
cloister	samostan
clone	klon
cloning	kloniranje
close	blizu
closed	zaprto
closeness	bližina
closet	omara
closure	zaključek
clot	strdek
cloth	krpo
clothe	obleko
clothes	oblačila
clothesline	obleko
clothing	oblačila
cloud	oblak
clouded	oblak
cloudiness	oblačnost
clouds	oblaki
cloudy	oblačno
clout	moč
clove	nageljnove žbice
clover	detelja
cloves	klinčki
clown	klovn
clowns	klovnov
club	klub
clubhouse	klubska dvorana
clubs	klubi
cluck	potegni
clue	namig
clueless	neumni
clump	gredo
clumsy	nespreten
clunk	clunk
cluster	grozda
clutch	sklopka
clutches	sklopke
clutter	navlaka
coach	trener
coachman	coachman
coagulation	koagulacija
coal	premog
coalesce	koalesce
coalition	koalicija
coarse	groba
coast	Obala
coastal	obalna
coaster	podstavek
coastline	obala
coat	plašč
coating	prevleka
coax	coax
cobalt	kobalt
cobble	kljuka
cobbler	cobbler
cobra	kobra
cocaine	kokain
cock	petelin
cockamamie	cockamamie
cockeyed	kokoši
cockpit	kokpit
cockroach	ščurka
cocksucker	cocksucker
cocktail	koktajl
cocky	kreten
cocoa	kakav
coconut	kokosovo olje
cocoon	cocoon
cod	trska
code	Koda
codeine	kodein
codex	codex
codfish	ribe
codification	kodifikacijo
codify	kodificirati
coding	kodiranje
coed	coed
coefficient	koeficient
coerce	prisilno
coercion	prisila
coercive	prisilna
coexist	sobivajo
coexistence	soobstoj
coexisting	koeksistirajo
coffee	kava
coffee table	kavna mizica
coffeehouse	kavarna
coffeepot	kavna skodelica
coffin	krsto
cog	zobnik
cogent	prepričljiv
cognac	konjak
cognate	kognati
cognition	spoznavanje
cognitive	kognitivno
cohabitation	kohabitacija
coherence	skladnost
coherent	koherentno
cohesion	kohezija
cohesive	kohezivno
cohort	kohorta
coil	tuljava
coiled	zvit
coin	kovanec
coinage	kovancev
coincide	sovpadajo
coincidence	naključje
coincident	sovpada
coincidental	naključno
coinciding	sovpada
coke	koks
cola	kola
cold	hladno
coldly	hladno
coldness	hladnost
coldsweat	NO TRANSLATION
coleslaw	šopek
colic	kolik
coliseum	Kolizej
collaborate	sodelovati
collaboration	sodelovanje
collaborator	sodelavec
collage	kolaž
collagen	kolagen
collapse	kolaps
collar	ovratnik
collarbone	kostnico
collate	primerjati
collateral	zavarovanje
collation	primerjava
colleague	kolega
collect	zbiranje
collected	zbrani
collection	zbirka
collective	kolektiv
collectively	skupaj
collector	zbiralec
college	kolegij
collegiate	kolegij
collide	Trčiti
collie	collie
collision	trčenje
collocation	kolokacija
colloquial	pogovorno
collusion	dogovarjanje
cologne	kolonjska voda
colon	debelo črevo
colonel	polkovnik
colonial	kolonialni
colonic	kolonije
colonoscopy	kolonoskopija
colony	kolonija
colophon	kolofon
color	barva
coloration	barvanje
colored	barvno
colorful	barvita
coloring	barvanje
colorless	brezbarvno
colors	barve
colossal	ogromno
colt	kolt
columbine	columbine
column	stolpec
columnar	stolpnica
columnist	kolumnist
com	NO TRANSLATION
coma	koma
comatose	komatozo
comb	glavnik
combat	boj
combatant	borca
combative	borec
combination	kombinacija
combinatorial	kombinatorni
combine	združiti
combined	skupaj
combo	combo
combustible	vnetljivo
combustion	zgorevanje
come	Pridi
comeback	Pridi nazaj
comedian	komedijant
comedy	komedija
comet	komet
comfort	udobje
comfortable	udobno
comforter	udobje
comforting	Udobno
comfy	udobno
comic	strip
comical	komična
comics	stripi
coming	prihajajo
comma	vejice
command	ukaz
commandant	komandant
commandeer	komandir
commander	poveljnik
commanding	poveljstvo
commandment	zapoved
commando	komando
commemorate	spominjati
commemoration	komemoracija
commemorative	spominska
commence	začeti
commend	pohvaliti
commendable	pohvalno
commendation	pohvalo
commensurate	sorazmerno
comment	komentar
commentary	komentar
commentator	komentator
commerce	trgovina
commercial	komercialni
commie	commie
commissary	komisar
commission	provizija
commissioner	komisar
commit	zavezati
commitment	zavezanost
committal	zavezanost
committed	storjeno
committee	komite
commodity	blago
commodore	Commodore
common	pogosti
commoner	običajno
commonly	pogosto
commonplace	običajno
commons	skupnosti
commonwealth	skupnost
commotion	zmedenost
communal	komunalno
commune	občina
communicable	prenosljive
communicate	komunicirajo
communication	komunikacija
communicative	komunikativno
communicator	komunikator
communion	občestvo
communism	komunizem
communist	komunist
community	skupnosti
commutation	komutacija
commutative	komutativno
commute	vozi
commuter	potnik
comp	comp
compact	kompakten
compaction	zbijanje
compactness	kompaktnost
companion	družabnik
companionless	brez spremstva
companionship	družabništvo
company	podjetje
comparable	primerljiv
comparative	primerjalno
comparatively	primerjalno
compare	primerjati
comparison	primerjava
compartment	predelek
compass	kompas
compassion	sočutje
compassionate	sočuten
compatibility	kompatibilnost
compatible	združljiv
compel	prisiliti
compelled	prisiljeni
compelling	prepričljiv
compendium	kompendij
compensate	kompenzirati
compensation	nadomestilo
compensatory	kompenzacijsko
compete	tekmujejo
competence	pristojnosti
competency	usposobljenosti
competent	pristojni
competition	tekmovanje
competitive	konkurenčno
competitor	tekmovalec
compilation	kompilacija
compile	zbiranje
complacency	samozadovoljstvo
complacent	samozadovoljni
complain	pritožite
complaint	pritožba
complement	dopolnilo
complementary	komplementarno
complete	popolna
completed	zaključen
completely	popolnoma
completeness	popolnost
completing	dokončanje
completion	zaključek
complex	kompleksno
complexed	kompleksno
complexion	polt
complexity	kompleksnost
compliance	skladnost
compliant	skladno
complicate	zapleti
complicated	zapleteno
complication	zaplet
complicity	sosedi
compliment	NO TRANSLATION
complimentary	brezplačno
comply	izpolnjevati
complying	skladnost
compo	compo
component	komponento
compose	sestavite
composed	sestavljeno
composer	skladatelj
composite	kompozit
composition	sestava
compost	kompost
composure	spoštovanje
compound	spojina
comprehend	razumeti
comprehension	razumevanje
comprehensive	celovito
compress	stisniti
compressed	stisnjen
compressible	stisljiv
compression	stiskanje
compressor	kompresor
comprise	sestavljajo
compromise	kompromis
comptroller	nadzornik
compulsion	prisilnost
compulsive	kompulzivno
compulsory	obvezno
computable	izračuno
computation	računanje
compute	računati
computer	računalnik
computerized	računalniško podprt
computing	računalništvo
comrade	tovariš
con	NO TRANSLATION
concatenation	koncenacija
concave	konkavno
conceal	skrivaj
concealed	skrito
concealment	prikrivanje
concede	prizna
conceit	predsodka
conceited	zamišljen
conceivable	mogoče zamisliti
conceive	zaslužijo
concentrate	osredotočiti
concentration	koncentracija
concentric	koncentrično
concept	koncept
conception	pojmovanje
concern	skrb
concerned	zadevnega
concert	koncert
concerto	koncert
concession	koncesija
concessional	ugodno
conch	conch
concierge	Vrba
conciliation	spravni postopek
concise	jedrnato
conclave	conclave
conclude	zaključiti
concluding	sklepanje
conclusion	zaključek
conclusive	prepričljivo
concoction	izmišljotina
concomitant	sočasno
concord	concord
concordance	skladnost
concours	NO TRANSLATION
concourse	konvencija
concrete	beton
concubine	naročila
concur	strinjam se
concurrence	sovraštvo
concurrent	sočasno
concurring	sovpadajoče
concussion	pretres možganov
condemn	obsojaj
condemnation	obsodba
condensation	kondenzacija
condensed	kondenzirano
condescending	kljubovanje
condescension	zmedenost
condiment	začimbe
condition	stanje
conditional	pogojno
conditionally	pogojno
conditioned	kondicioniran
conditioner	kondicioner
conditioning	kondicioniranje
conditions	pogoji
condo	condo
condolence	sožalje
condolences	sožalje
condom	kondom
condone	obljubi
condor	kondor
conducive	ugodno
conduct	ravnanje
conduction	prevod
conductivity	prevodnost
conductor	dirigent
conduit	cevovod
cone	stožec
confederacy	konfederacija
confederate	konfederat
confederation	konfederacija
confer	podeliti
conference	konferenca
confess	priznaj
confession	priznanje
confessional	konfesionalno
confessions	priznanja
confetti	konfeti
confidant	zaupnik
confide	zaupaj
confidence	zaupanje
confident	samozavesten
confidential	zaupno
confidentiality	zaupnost
confidentially	NO TRANSLATION
configuration	konfiguracijo
confine	omejiti
confined	omejeno
confinement	zaprtje
confines	omejitve
confirm	potrdite
confirmation	potrditev
confirmatory	potrditveno
confirmed	potrjeno
confiscate	zapleniti
confiscation	zaplemba
conflagration	požar
conflict	konflikt
conflicting	nasprotujoče si
confluence	sotočje
conform	skladni
conformance	skladnost
conformation	NO TRANSLATION
conformity	skladnost
confound	zmeden
confounded	zmeden
confront	soočiti se
confrontation	konfrontacija
confuse	zmedo
confused	zmeden
confusing	zmedeno
confusion	zmedenost
conga	conga
congenial	primerno
congenital	prirojeno
congestion	preobremenjenost
conglomerate	konglomerat
conglomeration	konglomeracija
congrats	čestitke
congratulate	čestitam
congratulation	Čestitke
congratulations	čestitke
congratulatory	čestitam
congregate	zbere se
congregation	skupnost
congress	kongres
congressional	kongresni
congressman	kongresmen
congruence	skladnost
conic	stožčasto
conical	konično
conjecture	domneva
conjugal	konjugal
conjugate	konjugat
conjugation	konjugacija
conjunction	konjunkcija
conjunctive	konjunktivno
conjure	povedati
conjuring	pričaranje
conk	conk
connect	povezati
connected	povezan
connection	povezavo
connective	vezni
connoisseur	poznavalec
conquer	osvojiti
conquering	osvajanje
conqueror	osvajalec
conquest	osvajanje
conscience	vest
conscientious	vestno
conscious	zavestno
consciousness	zavest
conscription	povabilo
consecrated	posvečen
consecration	posvečenje
consecutive	zaporedno
consensual	sporazumno
consensus	konsenz
consent	soglasje
consenting	soglasje
consequence	posledica
consequent	posledično
conservation	ohranjanje
conservatism	konzervativizem
conservative	konzervativno
conservatory	konzervatorij
conserve	ohraniti
consider	razmislite
considerable	precej
considerate	pozoren
consideration	razmislek
consignee	prejemnik
consignment	pošiljko
consist	sestoji
consistency	doslednost
consistent	dosledno
consolation	Uteh
console	konzola
consoled	utrujen
consolidate	konsolidirati
consolidated	konsolidirani
consolidation	konsolidacija
consonant	soglasnik
consort	soseda
conspicuous	vidno
conspiracy	zarote
conspirator	zaviralec
conspire	zavzemati
constable	policaj
constancy	konstantnost
constant	konstantno
constantly	nenehno
constellation	ozvezdje
consternation	preudarnost
constipation	zaprtje
constituency	volilna enota
constituent	sestavni del
constituents	sestavine
constitute	predstavljajo
constitution	ustave
constitutional	ustavno
constitutionality	ustavnost
constrain	omejiti
constrained	omejen
constraint	omejitev
construct	konstrukt
construction	Gradnja
constructive	konstruktivno
construe	interpretirati
consul	konzul
consulate	konzulat
consult	posvetujte se
consultant	svetovalec
consultation	posvetovanje
consume	porabijo
consumer	potrošnika
consuming	porabi
consummate	Vzoren
consummation	poraba
consumption	poraba
contact	stik
contagion	okužba
contagious	nalezljivo
contain	vsebujejo
container	zabojnik
containment	Vsebovanje
contaminate	kontaminirati
contaminated	kontaminirano
contamination	kontaminacija
contemplate	razmišljam
contemplation	razmišljanje
contemplative	kontemplativno
contemporaneous	sodobno
contemporary	sodobno
contempt	prezir
contemptible	zanemarljivo
contemptuous	prezir
contend	trdijo
contender	kandidat
contending	nasprotuje
content	vsebino
contented	zadovoljni
contention	spor
contentious	sporno
contentment	zadovoljstvo
contents	vsebine
contest	tekmovanje
contestant	tekmovalec
context	kontekst
contiguous	sosednje
continence	kontinenca
continent	celina
continental	kontinentalno
contingency	nepredvidljivost
contingent	kontingenta
continual	stalno
continually	nenehno
continuance	nadaljevanje
continuation	nadaljevanje
continue	nadaljuj
continued	nadaljevano
continuing	nadaljevanje
continuity	kontinuiteto
continuous	neprekinjeno
continuously	stalno
continuum	kontinuum
contour	kontura
contraband	kontraband
contraception	kontracepcija
contract	pogodbe
contracted	pogodbeno
contractile	pogodbeno
contracting	pogodbeno delo
contraction	krčenje
contractor	pogodbenik
contradict	nasprotujoče si
contradiction	protislovje
contradictory	protislovno
contraption	krčenje
contrary	nasprotno
contrast	kontrast
contrasted	nasprotno
contravene	v nasprotju
contravention	kršitev
contribute	prispevati
contribution	prispevek
contributor	sodelavec
contrite	nasprotno
contrition	naklonjenost
contrived	utemeljeno
control	nadzor
controller	krmilnik
controlling	nadzor
controversial	sporno
controversy	Polemika
contusion	kontuzija
conundrum	zagonetka
convalescent	okrevanje
convection	konvekcija
convene	sklicuj
convenience	udobje
conveniences	udobje
convenient	priročno
convent	samostan
convention	konvencija
conventional	konvencionalno
converge	konvergirati
convergence	konvergenca
convergent	konvergentno
conversant	spremljevalec
conversation	pogovor
conversational	pogovorno
conversationalist	konverzacijsko
converse	pogovor
conversing	pogovor
conversion	pretvorba
convert	Pretvorba
converted	pretvori
convertible	konvertibilen
convex	konveksni
convexity	konveksnost
convey	prenesti
conveyance	prevoz
conveyancing	posredovanje
convict	obsojenec
conviction	prepričanje
convince	prepričajte
convinced	prepričan
convincing	prepričljivo
convocation	sklica
convoluted	zavit
convolution	konvolucija
convoy	konvoj
coo	coo
cook	kuhati
cookbook	kuharska knjiga
cooker	kuhar
cookery	kuhanje
cookie	piškotek
cookies	piškotki
cooking	kuhanje
cookout	kuhanje
cool	kul
coolant	hladilno sredstvo
cooler	hladilnik
cooling	hlajenje
coolness	hladnost
coon	kovanec
coop	coop
cooperate	sodelovati
cooperating	sodelovanje
cooperation	sodelovanje
cooperative	zadruga
coordinate	koordinate
coordination	usklajevanje
coordinator	koordinator
cop	policaj
copacetic	NO TRANSLATION
cope	obvladati
copier	kopirni stroj
copilot	copilot
coping	obvladovanje
copious	obilen
copper	baker
copter	copter
copy	kopirati
copycat	posnemati
copying	kopiranje
copyright	avtorske pravice
coral	koral
coral snake	koralna kača
cord	vrv
cordial	prijazno
cordless	brezžični
cordon	kordon
corduroy	Velvet
core	jedro
cork	pluta
corkscrew	kadi
corn	koruza
cornball	Cornball
cornbread	koruzni kos
cornea	roženica
corned	koruza
corner	kotiček
cornerstone	temeljni kamen
cornet	kornet
cornfield	koruzno polje
cornflakes	NO TRANSLATION
cornice	kornica
cornstarch	koruzni škrob
corny	korni
corollary	posledica
corona	korona
coronary	koronarni
coronation	kronanje
coroner	koronar
corporal	telo
corporate	podjetja
corporation	korporacija
corporeal	telesno
corps	korpus
corpse	trupla
corpsman	korpusnik
corpus	korpus
corral	korral
correct	pravilno
correction	popravek
correctional	popravek
corrective	korektivni
correctness	pravilnost
correlation	korelacija
correlative	korelacijsko
correspond	ustreza
correspondence	korespondenca
correspondent	dopisnik
corresponding	ustreza
corridor	koridor
corroborate	potrjujem
corroboration	potrditev
corrosion	korozijo
corrosive	jedka
corrupt	pokvarjen
corrupting	pokvaril
corruption	korupcija
corsage	corsage
corse	NO TRANSLATION
corset	steznik
cortex	korteks
cortical	kortikalno
cortisone	kortizon
corvette	korveta
cosmetic	kozmetični
cosmetics	kozmetika
cosmic	kozmično
cosmology	kozmologija
cosmopolitan	kozmopolit
cosmos	kozmos
cost	stroški
costly	dragi
costume	kostum
cosy	udobno
cot	otroška posteljica
cote	boks
cottage	koča
cotton	bombaž
couch	Kavč
cougar	Puma
cough	kašelj
council	svet
councilman	svetnik
counsel	svetovalec
counseling	svetovanje
counsellor	svetovalec
counselor	svetovalec
count	šteje
countdown	odštevanje
countenance	obraz
counter	števec
counteract	nasprotujejo
counterattack	protinapad
counterbalance	protiutež
counterclaim	nasprotna tožba
counterfeit	ponarejen
counterpart	nasprotna stranka
counterpoint	kontrapunkt
countess	grofica
countless	nešteto
country	država
countryman	countryman
countrymusic	NO TRANSLATION
countryside	podeželje
counts	šteje
county	občine
coup	državni udar
coupe	kupe
couple	par
coupled	skupaj
coupling	sklopka
coupon	kupon
courage	pogum
courageous	pogumen
courier	kurir
courses	tečaji
coursing	coursing
court	sodišče
courteous	vljuden
courtesy	vljudnost
courthouse	sodišče
courtroom	sodišče
courts	sodišča
courtship	pridruĹľevanje
courtside	sodišče
courtyard	dvorišče
cousin	bratranec
cousins	bratranci
cove	zaliv
coven	coven
covenant	zaveza
cover	kritje
coverage	pokritost
covered	pokrita
covering	kritje
covert	prikrito
covet	ljubi
coveted	željan
cow	krava
coward	strahopetec
cowardice	strahopetnost
cowardly	strahopeten
cowboy	kavboj
cowgirl	cowgirl
cowhand	cowhand
cowhide	kravja koža
cowl	pokrov
coworker	sodelavec
coy	coy
coyote	kojot
cozy	udobno
crab	rak
crabby	Crabby
crack	crack
cracked	razpokan
cracker	cracker
crackerjack	crackerjack
cracking	pokanje
crackle	tresk
crackpot	crackpot
cradle	zibelka
craft	obrt
crafts	obrti
craftsman	obrtnik
craftsmanship	izdelave
crafty	Vajenec
craig	Craig
cram	cram
crammed	crammed
cramp	krč
cramped	utesnjen
cranberry	brusnica
cranberry juice	brusnični sok
crane	žerjav
cranial	lobanj
cranium	lobanj
crank	ročica
cranky	Čudno
cranny	Pranji
crap	sranje
crappy	crappy
craps	craps
crash	crash
crass	crass
crate	zabojček
crater	krater
crave	hrepenenje
craving	hrepenenje
crawfish	rarogov
crawl	pajkanje
crayon	barva
crayons	barvice
craze	norost
crazed	polomljen
craziness	norost
crazy	noro
creak	škripanje
creaking	škripanje
cream	krema
creamed	smetana
creamer	smetana
creamy	kremasto
crease	gube
create	ustvarite
creation	ustvarjanje
creative	ustvarjalno
creativity	ustvarjalnost
creator	ustvarjalec
creature	bitje
credence	verodostojnost
credential	poverilnice
credentials	poverilnice
credibility	verodostojnost
credible	verodostojno
credit	kredit
credit card	kreditna kartica
creditable	vredno
credited	v dobro
crediting	kreditiranje
creditor	upnik
creed	vero
creek	potok
creep	lezenje
creeper	kreten
creeping	plazovito
creepy	grozljivo
cremation	kremiranje
creole	Creole
crepe	krep
crescendo	crescendo
crescent	polmesec
crest	greben
crestfallen	crestfallen
cretin	kretin
cretins	kreteni
crevice	razrez
crew	posadka
crewman	crewman
crib	jaslice
cricket	kriket
cried	jokal
crime	kriminal
criminal	kriminalec
criminality	kriminaliteta
crimp	pregib
crimson	rdečega
cringe	obrobje
cripple	pohabljen
crippled	pohabljen
crippling	pohabljen
crisis	kriza
crisp	hrustljavo
crispy	hrustljavo
criterion	merilo
critic	kritik
critical	kritično
criticise	kritizirati
criticism	kritike
criticize	kritizirati
criticized	kritizirali
critique	kritiko
critter	critter
croak	Croak
croc	krok
crock	Crock
crockery	posodo
crocodile	krokodil
croft	Croft
croissant	rogljički
crook	krik
crooked	kriva
crop	pridelek
croquet	kriket
cross	križ
cross country	tek na smučeh
crossbow	samostrel
crossed	prečkal
crossfire	prestopi
crossing	prečkanje
crossover	crossover
crosswalk	crosswalk
crossword	Križanka
crotch	mednožje
crouch	skrivaj
crouched	kreten
crouching	skušnjava
croupier	Krupij
crow	vrana
crowbar	pretvornik
crowd	množica
crowded	gneča
crowds	množice
crown	krono
crowning	kronanje
crucial	ključnega pomena
cruciate	križan
crucifix	križ
crucifixion	križanje
crucify	križati
crud	crud
crude	surovo
cruel	kruto
cruelly	kruto
cruelty	krutost
cruise	križarjenje
cruise ship	križarka
cruiser	krstarica
cruising	križarjenje
crumb	drobtina
crumble	krčijo
crumbling	razpadajo
crummy	krhko
crunch	krč
crunchy	hrustljavo
crusade	križarska vojna
crusader	križar
crush	zdrobiti
crushed	zdrobljen
crusher	drobilec
crushing	drobljenje
crust	skorja
crusty	skorja
crutch	drobljenje
crux	kruto
cry	jokati
crybaby	Crybaby
crying	jokati
crypt	kript
cryptic	kripto
cryptography	kriptografija
crystal	kristal
crystalline	kristaliničen
crystallization	kristalizacija
cub	mladiči
cubby	cubby
cube	kocka
cubic	kubično
cubicle	kabina
cuckold	rogoza
cuckoo	kukavica
cucumber	kumare
cuddle	zmešan
cuddled	zmeden
cuddles	cuddles
cuddling	ljubki
cue	cue
cuff	manšeta
cuisine	kuhinja
culinary	kulinarično
cull	izločiti
culminate	Vrhunec
culmination	kulminacija
culpability	krivda
culpable	krivec
culprit	krivec
cult	kult
cultivate	gojiti
cultivated	gojene
cultivation	gojenje
cultural	kulturno
culture	kulturo
cultured	kultivirano
culvert	vodotok
cumbersome	okoren
cumulus	kumulus
cunning	zvitost
cunt	pizda
cup	skodelico
cupboard	omara
cupcake	keksa
cupping	Cupping
cur	cur
curable	ozdravljiv
curate	kurat
curative	kurativno
curator	kurator
curb	robnik
curd	skuta
cure	zdravljenje
curfew	policijski uri
curiosity	radovednost
curious	radoveden
curl	curl
curling	curling
currency	valuta
current	tok
curriculum	kurikulum
curry	curry
curse	prekletstvo
cursed	preklet
cursing	preklinjanje
cursory	površno
curt	curt
curtail	omejiti
curtailment	omejitev
curtain	zavese
curtains	zavese
curtsy	curtsy
curvature	ukrivljenost
curve	krivulja
curved	ukrivljen
curvilinear	krivulje
cushion	blazina
cushy	Cushy
cusp	vrh
cuss	kuzla
cussed	cussed
custard	kremasta
custodial	skrbništvo
custodian	skrbnik
custody	skrbništvo
custom	po meri
customary	običajno
customer	stranka
customized	prilagojeno
cut	cut
cutaneous	kožni
cute	srčkan
cuticle	kožica
cutie	cutie
cutlass	cutlass
cutlery	jedilni pribor
cutoff	odrezati
cutter	rezalec
cutters	noži
cutthroat	kesanje
cutting	rezanje
cutting board	rezalna deska
cuttings	potaknjenci
cwt	cwt
cyanide	cianid
cyberspace	kibernetski prostor
cycle	cikel
cyclical	ciklično
cyclist	kolesar
cyclone	ciklon
cylinder	valj
cylindrical	cilindrični
cymbal	činela
cynic	cinično
cynical	ciničen
cynicism	cinizem
cyst	cista
cystic	cistično
cytomegalovirus	citomegalovirus
cytoplasm	citoplazem
czar	czar
dab	dab
dabble	Dabble
dabbling	dabbling
dad	Oče
daddy	Očka
dado	NO TRANSLATION
daemon	daemon
daft	daft
dagger	bodalo
daily	dnevno
dainty	Lepota
daiquiri	daiquiri
dairy	mleko
daisy	daisy
dak	NO TRANSLATION
dale	Dale
dam	jez
damage	škoda
damaged	poškodovan
damages	škode
dame	dame
damn	Prekleto
damnation	prekletstvo
damned	prekleto
damp	vlažno
dampened	navlažena
damper	blažilnik
damsel	damsel
dance	ples
dancer	plesalka
dancing	ples
dandruff	prhljaj
dandy	Dandy
danger	nevarnost
dangerous	nevarno
dangerously	nevarno
dangit	NO TRANSLATION
dangle	potegni
dank	NO TRANSLATION
dapper	Dapper
dare	drzni
daredevil	daredevil
daresay	Daresay
daring	drzni
dark	temno
darken	temen
darkened	zatemnjen
darkly	temno
darkness	temno
darkroom	temna soba
darkside	temna stran
darling	Draga
darn	darn
dart	pikado
dash	pomišljaj
dashboard	armaturna plošča
dashed	črtkano
dashing	drsanje
dastardly	skrajno
data	podatkov
database	baze podatkov
date	datum
datenight	NO TRANSLATION
daughter	hči
dawdle	vdihni
dawn	Zora
dawned	zopet
day	dan
daybreak	zjutraj
daycare	dnevno varstvo
daydream	sanjarjenje
daydreaming	sanjarenje
daylight	dnevna svetloba
daymade	NO TRANSLATION
dayoff	NO TRANSLATION
daytime	dan
daze	daze
dazed	zmeden
dazzle	zaslepiti
dazzling	bleščečo
deacon	đakon
deactivate	deaktivirati
dead	mrtev
deadbeat	mrtev
deadline	rok
deadlines	roke
deadlock	zastoj
deadly	smrtonosno
deaf	gluhi
deafening	oglušujoče
deafness	gluhost
deal	obravnava
dealer	trgovec
dealership	zastopstvo
dealing	deliti
dealings	poslovanje
dean	dekan
dear	dragi
dearest	najdražji
dearth	pomanjkanje
death	smrt
deathbed	smrtna postelja
deathly	smrtno
debacle	debaka
debased	zmanjkalo
debatable	sporno
debate	razprava
debauchery	razuzdanost
debenture	zadolženost
debilitating	izčrpan
debit	debetno
debrief	debrief
debriefing	razpravljanje
debris	ostanki
debt	dolg
debtor	dolžnik
debut	prvenec
debutante	debutante
decade	desetletje
decadence	dekadence
decadent	dekadenten
decaf	decaf
decanter	decanter
decathlon	decathlon
decay	razpad
decayed	razpadlo
decaying	razpadanje
deceased	umrl
decedent	postanek
deceit	prevara
deceitful	Prevara
deceive	zavede
deceived	prevar
deceiving	prevara
december	december
decency	spodobnost
decent	dostojno
deception	prevara
deceptive	zavajajoče
decide	odloči
decidedly	odločno
deciduous	listavci
decimal	decimalna
decimeter	decimeter
decipher	dešifriraj
decision	odločitev
decisive	odločilen
deck	krova
declaration	izjava
declaratory	deklarator
declare	izjavi
declination	deklinacija
decline	upad
declining	Upadanje
deco	deco
decode	dekodiranje
decoder	dekoder
decompose	razgraditi
decomposed	razgrajen
decomposition	razgradnja
decompress	razkrojiti
decompression	dekompresija
decontamination	dekontaminacija
decor	dekor
decorate	okrasite
decorating	okrasitev
decoration	dekoracija
decorative	dekorativni
decorator	dekorater
decorum	dekor
decoy	mamica
decrease	zmanjšanje
decreased	zmanjšal
decreasing	zmanjšuje
decree	uredba
decrement	zmanjšanje
decrepit	Zanemarljivo
decry	dekri
decryption	dešifriranje
dedicate	posvetiti
dedication	predanost
deduce	sklepati
deduct	odbiti
deductible	odbiten
deduction	odbitka
deed	dejanje
deejay	Deejay
deem	št
deep	globoko
deepen	poglobiti
deer	jelen
defamation	obrekovanje
defamatory	obrekljivo
default	privzeto
defeat	poraz
defeated	premagan
defeatist	defeatist
defect	napaka
defection	preusmeritev
defective	pomanjkljivo
defector	defektor
defend	brani
defendant	tožena stranka
defended	branil
defender	branilec
defending	braniti
defense	obramba
defenseless	brez obrambe
defensible	defensible
defensive	obrambno
defer	odloži
deference	spoštovanje
deferral	odlog
deferring	odlog
defiance	premirje
defiant	defiant
defibrillator	defibrilator
deficiency	pomanjkanje
deficient	pomanjkljivo
deficit	primanjkljaj
define	definirati
defined	definirani
definite	definit
definition	opredelitev
definitive	dokončno
deflate	deflate
deflation	deflacija
deflect	odvrnitev
deflection	deformacija
defloration	defloracija
deform	deformirati
deformed	deformiran
deformity	deformiteta
defraud	goljufija
defray	pokrov
defrost	odmrzovanje
deft	deft
defunct	neprenosljivo
defuse	pomirja
defy	premagati
degeneracy	degeneracijo
degenerate	degenerirajo
degeneration	degeneracija
degradation	degradacija
degrade	degradira
degraded	degradirano
degrading	ponižujoče
degree	stopnja
dehydrated	dehidrirano
dehydration	dehidracija
dejected	razburjen
delay	zamuda
delayed	zamudo
delectable	prijetno
delegate	delegat
delegation	delegacija
delete	izbrisati
deleterious	škodljivo
deletion	brisanje
deli	deli
deliberate	namerno
deliberation	posvetovanje
deliberative	posvetovalni
delicacy	delikatesa
delicate	občutljivo
delicatessen	delikatesa
delicious	okusno
delight	veselje
delighted	vesel
delightful	čudovito
delineate	določiti
delineation	razmejitev
delinquency	prestopništvo
delinquent	prestopnik
delirious	divji
delirium	delirium
deliver	dostavi
deliverance	sprostitev
delivery	dostava
dell	dell
delta	delta
delude	prevara
deluge	poplave
delusion	zamegljenost
delusional	nenavaden
deluxe	deluxe
delve	odkrivaj
demand	povpraševanje
demanding	zahtevno
demeaned	ponižen
demeaning	ponižujoče
demeanor	obnašanje
demented	dementiran
dementia	demenca
demise	smrt
demo	demo
democracy	demokracija
democrat	demokrat
democratic	demokratično
demographic	demografski
demolish	uničiti
demolished	porušil
demolition	rušenje
demon	demon
demonic	demonsko
demonstrable	dokazljivo
demonstrate	dokazati
demonstrated	dokazano
demonstrating	dokazuje
demonstration	predstavitev
demonstrative	dokazni
demonstrator	demonstrator
demoralized	demoralizirana
demos	demos
demure	demure
den	NO TRANSLATION
deniability	zanikanje
denial	zanikanje
denied	zanikal
denim	denim
denomination	apoena
denominational	denominacijsko
denominator	imenovalec
denote	označite
denounce	odpovedati
dense	gosto
density	gostota
dent	dent
dental	zobni
dentist	zobozdravnik
dentistry	zobozdravstvo
dentists	zobozdravniki
denunciation	odpoved
deny	zanikati
denying	zanikanje
deodorant	deodorant
depart	Odhod
departed	odšel
department	oddelek
departmental	oddelek
departure	odhod
depend	odvisno
dependable	zanesljiv
dependant	odvisno
dependence	odvisnost
dependency	odvisnost
dependent	odvisno
depict	prikazujejo
depicting	prikazujejo
depletion	izčrpanost
deplorable	žalostno
deplore	obžalujem
deploy	razporedi
deployment	uvajanje
deport	deportirati
deportation	deportacija
depose	odloži
deposit	depozit
depositary	depozitar
deposition	odlaganje
depository	depozitar
depot	depo
depraved	odvraten
depravity	odvratnost
depreciate	amortizirati
depreciated	amortizirana
depreciation	amortizacija
depress	potisni
depressed	depresivno
depressing	depresivno
depression	depresija
depressive	depresivno
depresson	NO TRANSLATION
deprivation	pomanjkanje
deprive	odvzeti
deprived	prikrajšan
depth	globino
deputy	namestnik
derail	Izginiti
deranged	zmeden
derelict	opuščen
derision	izzivanje
derivation	izpeljava
derivative	derivat
derive	izpeljati
dermal	dermalno
dermatologist	dermatolog
dermatology	dermatologija
derogation	odstopanje
derogatory	derogatory
descend	spusti se
descendant	potomec
descendent	NO TRANSLATION
descending	padajoče
descent	spust
describe	opišite
description	opis
descriptive	opisno
desecrate	oskrunite
desecration	skrunjenje
desert	puščava
deserted	zapuščeno
deserter	dezerter
desertion	Desertion
deserve	zaslužiti
deserved	zasluženo
deserving	zaslužiti
design	oblikovanje
designate	določi
designated	določena
designation	oznaka
designed	zasnovan
designer	oblikovalec
designing	oblikovanje
desirability	zaželenost
desirable	zaželeno
desire	želja
desiring	želja
desirous	želja
desist	odstopi
desk	miza
desolate	pusti
desolation	pustolovščina
despair	obup
despairing	obup
despatch	pošiljanje
desperado	Desperado
desperate	obupani
desperation	obup
despicable	prezira
despise	prezira
despondent	Obupani
despotic	Despotično
despotism	despotizem
dessert	sladica
destination	destinacijo
destined	namenjen
destiny	usoda
destitute	brez pomoči
destroy	uniči
destroyed	uničeni
destroyer	uničevalec
destroying	uničenje
destruct	uniči
destruction	uničenje
destructive	uničujoče
detach	odklopi
detached	ločeno
detachment	detachment
detail	podrobnosti
detailed	podrobno
details	podrobnosti
detain	pridrži
detainee	pripornika
detect	odkriti
detectable	zaznati
detection	odkrivanje
detective	detektiv
detector	detektor
detention	pridržanje
deter	odvračaj
detergent	detergent
deteriorate	razpadati
deteriorated	poslabšala
deteriorating	poslabšanje
deterioration	poslabšanje
determinable	določljiv
determinate	določiti
determination	odločnost
determine	določiti
determined	določena
deterrent	odvračanje
detest	odvratiti
detestation	odvratnost
detonate	detoniraj
detonation	detonacija
detonator	detonator
detour	obvoz
detract	odvrača
detriment	škodo
detrimental	škodljivo
detritus	detritus
deuce	deuce
deutschmark	deutschmark
devalued	razvrednotenje
devastate	uniči
devastated	uničen
devastating	uničujoče
devastation	uničenje
develop	razviti
developer	razvijalec
developing	razvoj
development	razvoj
deviant	Deviant
deviate	odstopi
deviating	odstopajo
deviation	odstopanje
device	naprave
devil	Hudič
deviled	devil
devilish	hudič
devious	Obtožen
devise	zasnovati
devoid	brez posadke
devolution	devolucija
devolve	prenesti
devote	posvetiti
devoted	namenjen
devotee	bhakta
devotion	predanost
devotional	predanost
devour	požrl
devout	pobožen
dew	rosa
dexter	Dexter
dexterity	Spretnost
dextrose	dekstroza
diabetes	diabetes
diabetic	diabetik
diabolical	diabolično
diagnose	diagnosticirati
diagnosis	diagnoza
diagnostic	diagnostika
diagnostics	diagnostika
diagonal	diagonalno
diagram	diagram
dial	dial
dialect	narečje
dialectic	dialektično
dialogue	dialog
dialysis	dializa
diameter	premera
diamond	diamant
diamonds	diamanti
diaper	Plenic
diaphragm	diafragma
diarrhea	driska
diarrhoea	driska
diary	Dnevnik
diatribe	diatribe
dib	NO TRANSLATION
dibs	dibs
dice	kocke
dicey	dicey
dichotomous	dihotomno
dichotomy	dihotomija
dick	Dick
dickhead	dickhead
dicks	klopi
dictate	narekujejo
dictation	narekovanje
dictator	diktator
dictatorial	diktatorski
dictatorship	diktatura
diction	dikcija
dictionary	slovar
dictum	NO TRANSLATION
didactic	didaktika
diddle	diddle
die	NO TRANSLATION
died	umrl
diesel	dizel
diet	prehrana
dietary	prehrana
differ	se razlikujejo
difference	Razlika
differences	razlike
different	drugačen
differential	razlika
differentiation	diferenciacija
differently	drugače
differing	se razlikujejo
difficult	težko
difficulties	težave
difficulty	težave
diffuse	razpršeno
diffusion	difuzijo
dig	NO TRANSLATION
digest	prebaviti
digestion	prebavo
digestive	prebavljiv
digit	štev
digital	digitalni
dignified	dostojanstven
dignify	dostojanstvo
dignity	dostojanstvo
digress	digress
digs	NO TRANSLATION
dike	dike
dilapidated	razpadajoče
dilatation	dilatacija
dilation	dilatacija
dildo	dildo
dilemma	dilema
diligence	marljivost
diligent	skrbno
dill	koper
diluent	redčilo
dilute	razredčiti
diluted	razredčeni
dilution	redčenje
dim	dim
dime	diam
dimension	dimenzije
dimensional	dimenzionalno
diminish	zmanjšati
diminished	zmanjšal
diminution	zmanjšanje
diminutive	pomanjševalec
dimwit	dimwit
din	NO TRANSLATION
dine	kosilo
diner	večerja
dinghy	pomožni čoln
dingo	dingo
dingy	Dingy
dining	jedilnico
dinky	Dinky
dinner	večerja
dinnertime	čas za večerjo
dinosaur	dinozaver
dint	dint
diocesan	diocesan
diocese	škofija
diorama	diorama
dioxide	dioksid
dip	dip
diploma	diploma
diplomacy	diplomacija
diplomat	diplomat
diplomatic	diplomatsko
dipper	dipper
dippy	Dippy
dipstick	merilna palica
dire	NO TRANSLATION
direct	neposredno
directed	usmerjen
direction	smer
directive	direktivo
directly	neposredno
director	direktor
directory	imenik
dirt	umazanija
dirty	umazano
disability	invalidnost
disable	onemogoči
disabled	onemogočeno
disadvantage	pomanjkljivost
disaffected	nezadovoljni
disagree	ne strinjam se
disagreeable	neprijetno
disagreeing	ne strinjam se
disagreement	nesoglasja
disallow	zavrne
disallowed	prepovedano
disapointment	NO TRANSLATION
disappear	izginejo
disappearance	izginotje
disappearing	izginja
disappoint	razočaraj
disappointed	razočaran
disappointing	razočaranje
disappointment	razočaranje
disapproval	Neodobravanje
disapprove	zavračati
disapproved	zavrnjen
disapproving	neodobravanje
disarm	razorožiti
disarray	nesreča
disaster	katastrofa
disastrous	katastrofalno
disband	razpusti
disbelief	nevjernost
disbelieve	ne verjamem
disburse	izplača
disbursement	izplačilo
disc	disk
discard	zavrzi
discarded	zavrženi
discards	zavrže
discern	zaznati
discernible	opazno
discerning	razločno
discernment	razločevanje
discharge	praznjenje
disciple	učenec
disciplinary	disciplinski
discipline	disciplina
disciplined	discipliniran
disclaim	odkloniti
disclaimer	Disclaimer
disclose	razkriti
disclosed	razkriti
disclosure	razkritje
disco	diskoteka
discoloration	razbarvanje
discolored	razbarvana
discomfort	nelagodje
disconcerted	razburjen
disconcerting	vznemirjen
disconnect	odklopite
disconnected	odklopljen
disconnection	odklop
disconnects	odklopi
discontent	nezadovoljstvo
discontinuance	prekinitev
discontinue	prenehajte
discontinuity	diskontinuiteta
discontinuous	diskontinuirano
discord	razdora
discount	popust
discounted	diskontirani
discourage	odvračati
discouraged	odvračajo
discouragement	odvračanje
discouraging	odvrača
discourse	diskurz
discover	odkrijte
discovery	odkritje
discredit	diskreditiraj
discredited	diskreditiran
discreet	NO TRANSLATION
discrepancy	neskladje
discrete	diskreten
discretion	diskretnost
discretionary	diskrecijska
discriminate	diskriminira
discriminating	diskriminatorno
discrimination	diskriminacija
discus	diskus
discuss	razpravljali
discussion	diskusija
disdain	prezira
disdainful	prezira
disease	bolezen
diseased	obolelih
disembodied	ločeni
disengage	izklop
disengagement	ločitev
disfigured	zmešan
disgrace	sramota
disgraced	osramotil
disgraceful	sramotno
disgruntled	nezadovoljni
disguise	preoblek
disguised	prikrit
disgust	gnus
disgusted	gnusen
disgusting	Odvratno
dish	jed
disheartened	razburjena
disheartening	razočaranje
dishonest	nepošteni
dishonesty	nepoštenost
dishonor	sramoto
dishonorable	nečasten
dishwasher	pomivalni stroj
disillusionment	razočaranje
disinclination	disinclination
disincline	Zavračati se
disinclined	zanemarjen
disinfect	razkužite
disinfectant	razkužilo
disinfection	dezinfekcija
disinformation	dezinformacija
disingenuous	neupravičeno
disintegrate	razpadati
disintegration	razpad
disinterested	nezainteresiran
disjoint	disjoint
disjointed	ločeni
disjunctive	disjunktivno
disk	disk
diskette	disketa
dislike	Ne maram
disliked	ne maram
disliking	ne marajo
dislocated	dislocated
dislocation	dislokacije
dislodge	odstrani
disloyal	nelojalno
disloyalty	nelojalnost
dismal	žalostno
dismantle	razstaviti
dismay	razburjaj
dismayed	zastrašujoče
dismemberment	razčlenjevanje
dismiss	zavrne
dismissal	odpuščanje
dismissive	zavrnil
dismount	odstranite
disobedience	neposlušnost
disobedient	neposlušen
disobey	ne poslušaj
disorder	motnje
disordered	neurejen
disorderly	neurejeno
disorganized	neorganiziran
disorientation	dezorientacija
disoriented	dezorientiran
disown	zavrnjen
disparage	zaničevanje
disparaging	prezira
disparate	ločeno
disparity	neskladje
dispassionate	nesramni
dispatch	odpošiljanje
dispatcher	dispečer
dispel	razpršiti
dispensary	dispensary
dispensation	Odobritev
dispense	Odpusti
dispenser	razpršilnik
dispersal	razpršitev
disperse	razprši
dispersed	razpršeno
dispersion	disperzija
dispirited	razburjen
displace	zamenjati
displaced	razseljeni
displacement	premikanje
displacency	premikanje
display	prikaz
displease	nezadovoljstvo
displeased	nezadovoljen
displeasure	nezadovoljstvo
disposable	za enkratno uporabo
disposal	odstranjevanje
dispose	razpolagajo
disposed	odstranjeni
disposition	razpolaganje
dispossessed	odtujeni
disprove	oporekati
dispute	spor
disqualification	diskvalifikacija
disqualified	diskvalificiran
disqualify	diskvalificiram
disquieted	zaskrbljen
disregard	neupoštevanje
disregarded	neupoštevanje
disrelish	brezplačno
disreputable	zanemarljiv
disrepute	slabost
disrespect	nespoštovanje
disrespectful	nespoštljivo
disrupt	moti
disrupting	motnje
disruption	prekinitev
disruptive	moteče
dissatisfaction	nezadovoljstvo
dissatisfied	nezadovoljni
dissect	razrezati
dissection	disekcija
disseminate	razširjati
dissemination	razširjanje
dissension	razdora
dissent	nesoglasje
dissenting	nasprotno
dissertation	disertacija
disservice	slabost
dissident	disident
dissimilar	nesorazmerno
dissipate	disipate
dissipated	razpršeno
dissociation	disociacija
dissociative	disociativno
dissolution	raztapljanje
dissolve	raztopiti
dissonance	disonanca
dissuade	odvrača
distal	distalna
distance	razdalja
distant	oddaljena
distaste	vznemirjanje
distasteful	neudobno
distillate	destilat
distillation	destilacijo
distilled	destilirano
distinct	izrazit
distinction	razlikovanje
distinctive	razlikovalni
distinguish	razlikovati
distinguishable	razlikovati
distinguished	razlikovati
distinguishing	razlikovanje
distort	izkrivljati
distorted	izkrivljeno
distortion	popačenje
distract	Odvrzi
distracted	moti
distracting	moteče
distraction	odvračanje
distraught	vznemirjen
distress	stisko
distressed	v stiski
distressing	stisko
distribute	distribuirati
distribution	distribucija
distributor	distributer
district	okrožje
distrust	nezaupanje
disturb	moti
disturbance	motnje
disturbed	vznemirjen
disturbing	vznemirjajoč
disuse	izključite
disused	neuporabljeno
ditch	jarek
ditto	ditto
ditty	Ditty
diurnal	dnevno
diva	diva
divan	NO TRANSLATION
dive	potapljanje
diver	potapljač
diverge	razhajajo
divergence	divergenca
divergent	divergentno
diverging	diverging
divers	potapljači
diverse	raznolika
diversified	raznolika
diversify	razvejati
diversion	preusmeritev
diversionary	diversionary
diversity	raznolikost
divert	preusmerjanje
diverting	preusmerjanje
divest	divest
divested	odsvojena
divestment	odsvojitev
divide	Razdelite
divided	razdeljen
dividend	dividenda
divination	divinacija
divine	božansko
divinity	božanskost
divisible	deljiva
division	delitev
divisor	delitelj
divorce	ločitev
divorcee	ločeni
divulge	razkriti
divvy	Divvy
dizziness	omotica
dizzy	vrtoglavica
do	storiti
doable	izvedljivo
doc	doc
docile	docilen
dock	dok
docked	Priključen
docket	dock
docking	Priklop
doctor	zdravnik
doctorate	doktorat
doctrinal	doktrina
doctrine	doktrina
document	dokument
documentary	dokumentarni film
documentation	dokumentacija
documents	dokumente
dodge	umakniti
dodger	Dodger
dodging	dodging
dodgy	neumno
dodo	dodo
doe	doe
doer	Doer
dog	pes
dogface	dogface
dogged	psa
doggy	kuža
doghouse	Pasja uta
dogma	dogma
dogmatic	dogmatski
dogsick	NO TRANSLATION
doings	dela
doit	NO TRANSLATION
dojo	dojo
doldrums	Doldrums
dole	dole
doll	lutka
dollar	dolar
dollhouse	dollhouse
dolor	NO TRANSLATION
dolphin	delfin
domain	domeno
dome	kupola
domestic	doma
domesticated	udomačena
domestication	domestikacija
domicile	domicile
domiciled	stalno prebivališče
dominance	prevlado
dominant	prevladuje
dominate	prevladujejo
dominating	prevladuje
domination	dominacija
dominatrix	dominatrix
dominion	dominion
domino	domino
don	don
donate	darovati
donation	darovanje
donkey	osel
donor	darovalec
dontlikeyou	NO TRANSLATION
dontmess	NO TRANSLATION
dontmesswithme	Dontmesswithme
dontpanic	dontpanic
dontunderstand	NO TRANSLATION
doodle	lutka
doom	Doom
doomed	obsojen
doomsday	Doomsday
door	vrata
doorbell	zvonec
doorknob	ključavnica
doorman	vratar
doormat	predpražnik
doornail	Vrata
doorstep	prag
doorway	Vrata
dopamine	dopamin
dope	dope
dopey	Dopey
dork	dork
dorky	dorky
dorm	domu
dormant	mirujoče
dormitory	spalnico
dorsal	hrbtna
dosage	odmerjanje
dose	odmerek
dossier	dokumentacijo
dot	dot
doting	doting
dotted	pikčasto
dotty	dotty
double	dvojno
doubled	podvojila
doublet	dvojnik
doubling	podvojitev
doubt	dvom
doubtful	dvomljivo
doubting	dvomiti
doubtless	nedvomno
doubts	dvomi
douche	tuš
douchebags	douchebags
dough	testo
doughboy	Doughboy
doughnut	krof
dour	Dour
douse	Douse
dove	Golob
down	navzdol
downcast	padajoče
downer	padec
downfall	padec
downfield	downfield
downhearted	spodrseljen
downhill	spust
download	prenesi
downpour	naliv
downright	čisto
downriver	downriver
downside	spodaj
downtime	odmore
downward	navzdol
downy	pijan
dowry	dota
doze	doza
dozen	ducat
drab	drab
draft	osnutek
drafty	pripravljen
drag	povlecite
dragon	zmaj
dragonfly	kačji pastir
drain	odtok
drainage	odvodnjavanje
drained	odcejena
draining	odvajanje
drainpipe	drenažna črpalka
drake	drake
drama	drama
dramaqueen	NO TRANSLATION
dramatic	dramatično
drape	drape
drapery	draperija
drastic	drastičen
drat	NO TRANSLATION
draught	osnutek
draw	pripravi
drawback	slabost
drawbridge	dvigalka
drawer	predal
drawers	predali
drawing	risanje
dread	strah
dreaded	strah
dreadful	grozno
dreadfully	grozno
dreading	strah
dream	sanje
dreamboat	sanjarski čoln
dreamer	sanjač
dreaming	sanje
dreamland	sanjska
dreams	sanje
dreamt	sanjal
dreamy	sanjsko
dreary	trmast
dredge	strgač
drenched	preplavljen
dress	obleko
dresser	oblačenje
dressmaker	šopek
dressy	skriven
dribble	NO TRANSLATION
dried	sušimo
drier	sušilec
drift	drift
drifted	odpluli
drifter	drifter
driftwood	driftwood
drill	vrtanje
drink	pijte
drinker	pijanec
drinking	pitje
drinks	pijače
drip	kaplja
dripping	kaplja
drive	pogon
drivel	pogum
driver	voznik
driveway	dovoz
drizzle	rosenje
droll	drolja
drone	drone
drones	brezskrbniki
drool	drool
drooping	obesiti
droopy	droopy
drop	padec
droplet	kapljica
dropout	izostanek
dropper	dropper
drought	suša
drove	NO TRANSLATION
drown	utopiti
drowsiness	zaspanost
drowsy	dremav
drudgery	drudgery
drug	droge
drug dealing	preprodaja drog
drugged	drogirana
druggist	zdravnik
drugs	droge
drugstore	drogerija
druid	druid
drum	boben
drummer	bobnar
drumming	bobnanje
drunk	pijan
drunk driving	pijana vožnja
drunkard	pijanec
drunken	pijani
drunkenness	pijanstvo
dry	suha
dryer	sušilnik
dryness	suhost
dual	dvojno
dualism	dualizem
duality	dvojnost
dub	dub
dubious	dvomljivo
duchess	vojvodinja
duck	raca
ducking	ducking
duckling	pač
ducky	ducky
duct	kanal
ductile	duktilni
dud	Dud
dude	stari
duds	duds
due	dolžan
duel	dvoboj
dues	pristojbine
duet	duet
duffel	duffel
dugout	Dugout
duh	duh
duke	vojvoda
dull	dolgočasno
dullard	Dullard
dumb	neumna
dumbasses	dumbasses
dumbbell	dumbbell
dumbbitch	NO TRANSLATION
dumfound	Odkrito
dumfounder	NO TRANSLATION
dummy	lutka
dump	smetišče
dumpling	cmok
dumps	odlagališča
dumpster	dumpster
dun	dun
dunce	dunce
dune	dune
dung	NO TRANSLATION
dungeon	tamnica
dunk	dunk
duo	duo
dupe	bedak
duplex	duplex
duplicate	dvojnik
duplication	podvajanje
duplicity	dvojnost
durability	vzdržljivost
durable	vzdržljiv
duration	trajanje
duress	prisilo
dusk	mrak
dusky	dusky
dust	prah
duster	piščanec
dustpan	prah
dusty	prašno
dutiful	Dutiful
duty	dolžnost
dwarf	škrat
dwarfed	dwarfed
dweeb	dweeb
dwell	stanovati
dweller	stanovalec
dwelling	stanovanje
dye	barva
dying	umiranje
dyke	dyke
dynamic	dinamično
dynamical	dinamično
dynamics	dinamika
dynamite	dinamit
dynamo	dinamo
dynasty	dinastija
dysentery	dysentery
dysfunction	disfunkcija
dysfunctional	disfunkcionalen
dyspepsia	dispepsija
eager	željni
eagerness	veselje
eagle	orel
ear	uho
earful	uroga
earl	Earl
earlier	prej
early	zgodaj
earn	zaslužiti
earnest	resno
earnestly	resno
earnestness	resnost
earnings	zaslužki
earpiece	slušalka
earring	uhan
earrings	uhani
earshot	Earshot
earth	Zemlja
earthenware	zemlja
earthling	zemeljski
earthly	Zemeljsko
earthquake	potres
earthy	Zemeljski
ease	enostavno
easel	stojalo
easement	služnost
easily	enostavno
east	vzhodno
eastbound	vzhodno
eastern	vzhodno
easy	enostavno
easygoing	enostavno
eat	jesti
eater	eater
eating	jedo
eatingdisorders	NO TRANSLATION
eavesdrop	prisluškovanje
eavesdropping	prisluškovanje
ebb	drobovje
ebony	ebony
ebullient	ebullient
eccentric	ekscentrična
eccentricity	ekscentričnost
ecclesiastical	cerkveni
echelon	echelon
echinacea	ehinacea
echo	odmev
eclectic	eklektično
eclipse	Eclipse
ecliptic	Ekliptik
ecological	ekološko
economic	gospodarsko
economical	ekonomično
economics	ekonomija
economy	gospodarstvo
ecosystem	ekosistem
ecstasy	ekstazi
ecstatic	ekstatično
ecumenical	ekumensko
eddy	Eddy
edema	edem
edge	rob
edging	robovi
edgy	Očarljivo
edible	užitna
edict	edict
edification	urejanje
edifice	zgradba
edit	Uredi
editing	urejanje
edition	izdaja
editor	urednik
editorial	uredništvo
educate	izobraževati
educated	izobraženi
education	izobraževanje
educational	izobraževanje
educator	vzgojitelj
eeeek	NO TRANSLATION
eeek	NO TRANSLATION
eek	eek
eel	jegulje
eerie	eerie
effect	učinek
effective	učinkovito
effectiveness	učinkovitost
effects	učinke
effectual	učinkovito
effectually	učinkovito
effectuate	učinek
effeminate	feminiziran
efficacious	učinkovit
efficacy	učinkovitost
efficiency	učinkovitost
efficient	učinkovito
effigy	sliko
effort	trud
effortless	brez napora
effusion	izliv
effyou	NO TRANSLATION
egg	jajce
egghead	jajčevec
eggnog	eggnog
eggplant	jajčevec
eggshell	jajčni listič
ego	ego
egomaniac	egomaniak
egotistical	egotistični
egregious	izjemno
egress	Izhod
eight	osem
eighteen	osemnajst
eighth	osmi
eighty	osemdeset
ejaculate	ejakulat
ejaculation	ejakulacija
eject	izmet
ejection	izmet
elaborate	izdelati
elaboration	izdelava
elan	NO TRANSLATION
elapse	preteče
elapsed	minilo
elastic	elastična
elasticity	elastičnost
elated	vznemirjen
elation	Pozdravljeni
elbow	komolec
eld	eld
elder	starejši
elderly	starejši
elders	starešine
eldest	najstarejši
elect	izvoli
election	volitve
elective	izbirni
elector	volivec
electoral	volilno telo
electorate	volilno telo
electric	električni
electric slide	električni drsnik
electrical	električni
electrician	električar
electricity	elektrika
electrify	elektrifikacija
electrocute	elektro strup
electrocution	električni udar
electromagnetic	elektromagnetna
electron	elektron
electronic	elektronsko
electronics	elektronika
elegance	eleganco
elegant	elegantno
element	element
elemental	elementarno
elementary	osnovno
elements	elementi
elephant	slon
elevate	dvigni
elevated	povišano
elevation	višina
elevator	dvigalo
eleven	enajst
eleventh	enajstega
elf	elf
elicit	Izzvati
eligible	upravičeni
eliminate	odpraviti
elimination	odprava
elite	elita
elitist	elitist
elixir	eliksir
elk	elk
ell	ell
ellipse	elipse
ellipsis	elipsa
ellipsoid	elipsoid
elliptic	eliptični
elliptical	eliptična
elm	Brest
elongate	podolgovate
elongation	raztezek
elope	pobegniti
eloquence	elokventnost
eloquent	zgovoren
elucidate	razjasni
elucidation	razjasnitev
elude	Izogibaj se
elusive	nedosegljiv
emaciated	izčrpan
email	E-naslov
emanate	izzvati
emancipation	emancipacija
embankment	nasip
embargo	NO TRANSLATION
embark	vkrcati
embarrass	nesramen
embarrassed	nerodno
embarrassing	neugodno
embarrassment	zadrega
embassy	veleposlaništvo
embattled	vpetih
embed	vdelati
embellish	okrasite
embellishment	okrasitev
embers	Žerjav
embezzlement	poneverbe
embezzler	odkrili
emblem	emblem
emblematic	simbolično
embodiment	utelešenje
embolism	embolizem
embossed	reliefno
embrace	Objemi
embroidered	vezene
embroidery	vezenje
embroiled	Vpleten
embryo	zarodek
embryonic	embrionalni
emcee	emcee
emerald	smaragdna
emerge	Pojavi se
emergence	pojav
emergency	nujno
emeritus	emeritus
emery	smrčanje
emetophobia	emetofobija
emigrate	izseliti
emigration	izseljevanje
eminence	eminence
eminent	ugledna
eminently	eminently
emir	NO TRANSLATION
emissary	odposlanec
emission	emisije
emit	oddajajo
emo	emo
emotion	čustva
emotional	čustveno
emotive	emotive
empathic	empatično
empathize	empatizirati
empathy	sočutje
emperor	cesar
emphasis	poudarek
emphasize	poudariti
emphatic	odločno
emphysema	emfizem
empire	imperij
empirical	empirično
empiricism	empirizma
employ	zaposliti
employee	zaposlenega
employer	delodajalec
employment	zaposlovanje
emporium	emporium
empower	pooblastiti
empress	cesarka
emptiness	praznino
emption	emption
empty	prazno
emu	emu
emulate	posnemati
emulsion	emulzija
enable	omogoči
enablement	omogočanje
enact	sprejmejo
enactment	sprejetje
enamel	emajl
encampment	taborišče
enchant	očarljiv
enchanted	očaral
enchanting	očarljivo
enchantment	očarljivost
enchantress	očarala
enchilada	enchilada
encircle	obkrožite
encircling	obkrožati
enclave	enklava
enclose	priložite
enclosure	ohišje
encode	kodiranje
encomiastic	NO TRANSLATION
encomium	enkomij
encompass	vključujejo
encore	NO TRANSLATION
encounter	srečanje
encourage	spodbujati
encouraged	spodbujali
encouragement	spodbujanje
encouraging	spodbujanje
encroach	posegati
encroachment	poseganje
encrypt	šifriranje
encryption	šifriranje
encumbrance	breme
encyclopedia	enciklopedija
end	konec
end table	konec mize
endanger	ogrožati
endangered	ogroženo
endangerment	ogroženost
endearing	oboževalec
endeavor	si prizadevaš
ended	končal
endemic	endemično
endgame	endgame
ending	konec
endless	neskončno
endocarditis	endokarditis
endorse	potrdi
endorsement	potrditev
endow	Podarim
endowed	obdarjen
endowment	obdarjanje
endpapers	končnice
endpoint	končna točka
endurance	vzdržljivost
endure	trpeti
enduring	vzdržljiv
enema	klistir
enemy	sovražnik
energetic	energičen
energize	energijo
energy	energija
enforce	uveljaviti
enforcement	izvrševanje
enforcer	izvršitelj
engage	sodelovati
engaged	angažiran
engagement	sodelovanje
engaging	privlačen
engender	spodbuditi
engine	motor
engineer	inženir
engineering	inženiring
engrave	grbi
engraved	vgravirano
engraver	graverja
engraving	graviranje
engrossed	zmeden
engrossing	zanimivo
engulf	Zgrabite
enhance	izboljšati
enhancement	izboljšave
enigma	enigma
enigmatic	enigmatično
enjoin	naloži
enjoy	uživajte
enjoyable	prijetno
enjoying	uživa
enjoyment	užitek
enlarge	povečaj
enlarged	razširjeno
enlargement	širitev
enlighten	razsvetli
enlightened	razsvetljen
enlightening	razsvetljujoče
enlightenment	razsvetljenje
enlist	prijavite se
enliven	enliven
enmity	sovraštvo
ennui	Ennui
enormity	enormnost
enormous	ogromno
enormously	izjemno
enraged	jezen
enrich	obogatiti
enroll	vpisati
enrollment	vpis
ensemble	ansambel
ensign	zastave
enslave	zasvojenost
enslaved	zasužnjen
enslavement	zasužnjevanje
ensue	sledi
ensure	zagotovite
entail	zahtevajo
entangled	zapletena
entanglement	zapletanje
enter	vnesite
enterprise	podjetje
enterprising	podjetniško
entertain	zabavati
entertained	zabavali
entertainer	zabavljač
entertaining	zabavno
entertainment	zabava
enthralled	navdušeni
enthusiasm	navdušenje
enthusiast	navdušenec
enthusiastic	navdušeni
entice	privabiti
entire	celotno
entirety	celota
entitle	pravico
entity	entiteta
entomology	entomologija
entourage	spremstvo
entrails	notranjost
entrance	vstop
entrapment	ujetništvo
entreat	ljubezen
entree	vstop
entrepreneur	podjetnik
entrust	zaupati
entry	vstop
enumerate	navedite
enumeration	štetje
envelope	ovojnico
envious	zavidan
environ	NO TRANSLATION
environment	okolje
environmental	okolje
environs	okolice
envision	predvideva
envoy	odposlanec
envy	zavist
enzyme	encim
ephemeral	Efemerno
ephemeris	ephemeris
epic	epski
epidemic	epidemija
epidermis	epidermis
epidural	epiduralni
epilepsy	epilepsija
epileptic	epileptični
epilogue	epilog
epiphany	Razodetje
episcopal	episcopal
episode	Epizoda
episodic	epizodično
epistle	pismo
epitaph	epitaf
epithet	epithet
epitome	epitome
epoch	epoha
equal	enako
equality	enakost
equalization	izenačitev
equalize	izenačiti
equalizer	izenačevalnik
equally	enako
equate	enačiti
equation	enačba
equator	ekvator
equatorial	Ekvatorialni
equestrian	konjenik
equidistant	enakomerno
equilibration	uravnavanje
equilibrium	ravnotežje
equip	opremiti
equipment	opremo
equitable	pravičen
equity	pravičnost
equivalence	enakovrednost
equivalent	enakovredno
equivocal	dvoumno
era	era
eradicate	izkoreniniti
eradication	izkoreninjenje
erase	izbrisati
eraser	eraser
erasure	izbris
ere	NO TRANSLATION
erect	pokončno
erectile	erektilna
erection	erekcija
ergo	NO TRANSLATION
erode	erode
erosion	erozija
erotic	erotično
erotica	erotika
err	err
errand	napaka
errant	napačno
erratic	neredno
erratum	erratum
erroneous	napačna
error	napaka
erst	NO TRANSLATION
erudite	erudite
erupt	erupt
eruption	izbruh
escalade	escalade
escalate	stopnjevati
escalating	stopnjeval
escalation	stopnjevanje
escalator	tekoče stopnice
escape	pobegniti
escaped	pobegnil
escarpment	escarpment
eschew	izogibati se
escort	spremstvo
escrow	escrow
esophagus	požiralnik
esoteric	ezoterično
especial	NO TRANSLATION
espionage	špijunaža
espouse	pazite
espresso	espresso
esprit	esprit
esquire	esquire
essay	esej
essayist	esejist
essence	bistvo
essential	bistveno
essentially	v bistvu
establish	vzpostaviti
established	ustanovljen
establishment	ustanovitev
estate	nepremičnine
esteem	ceniti
esteemed	cenjen
esthetic	estetsko
estimable	ocenljivo
estimate	oceniti
estimation	ocena
estoppel	estoppel
estranged	odtujen
estrogen	estrogen
estuary	estuary
etch	etch
etching	jedkanje
eternal	večno
eternity	večnost
ethanol	etanol
ether	eter
ethereal	ethereal
ethic	etika
ethical	etično
ethics	etika
ethnic	etničen
ethnography	etnografija
etiology	etiologija
etiquette	etiketa
etymology	etimologija
eucalyptus	evkaliptus
euchre	euhre
eugenics	eugenics
eulogistic	Eulogistično
eulogium	Eulogij
eulogize	Odkrijte
eulogy	Eulogija
euphemism	eufemizem
euphoria	evforija
euphoric	euforično
euro	evro
euthanasia	evtanazija
evacuate	evakuirati
evacuation	evakuacija
evade	izogniti se
evaluate	oceniti
evaluation	vrednotenje
evanescence	evanescence
evangelical	evangeličan
evangelist	evangelist
evangelistic	evangeličan
evaporate	izhlapi
evaporation	izhlapevanje
evasion	utaje
evasive	izogibanje
eve	predvečer
evening	zvečer
evens	NO TRANSLATION
event	dogodek
eventful	dogodek
eventual	eventualno
eventuality	možnost
evergreen	zimzelena
everlasting	večno
evermore	vedno več
everyday	vsak dan
everyman	vsak moški
evict	izseliti
eviction	izselitev
evidence	dokazov
evident	očitno
evidentiary	dokazni list
evil	zlo
evoke	evoke
evolution	evolucijo
evolutionary	evolucijski
evolve	evoluirati
ewe	ovca
ex	ex
exacerbate	poslabša
exacerbation	poslabšanje
exact	točno
exacting	zahtevno
exaggerate	Pretiravajte
exaggerated	pretirano
exaggeration	pretiravanje
exalt	exalt
exaltation	exaltation
exalted	vzvišeno
exam	izpit
examination	pregled
examine	preučiti
examiner	izpraševalec
example	primer
exasperated	razburjen
exasperation	razburjenje
excavate	izkopati
excavation	izkopavanje
excavator	bager
exceed	presega
exceeding	presega
excel	excel
excellence	odličnost
excellent	odlično
excelsior	Excelsior
excepting	razen
exception	izjema
exceptional	izjemno
excerpt	izvleček
excess	presežek
excessive	pretirano
excessively	pretirano
exchange	izmenjavo
excise	trošarine
excision	izrezek
excitability	razburljivost
excitable	razburljivo
excitation	vzburjenje
excite	vznemirjaj
excited	navdušen
excitement	vznemirjenje
exciting	vznemirljivo
exclaim	izvleček
exclamation	vzklik
exclude	izključite
excluded	izključeni
excluding	brez
exclusion	izključitev
exclusive	izključno
excrement	iztrebki
excretion	izločanje
excruciating	moteče
excursion	ekskurzija
excuse	izgovor
exec	exec
execute	Izvedi
execution	izvedba
executioner	izvršitelj
executive	izvršni
executor	izvršitelj
exegesis	eksegeza
exemplar	Primer
exemplary	zgledno
exemplify	ponazoriti
exempt	oproščeni
exemption	oprostitev
exercise	vadba
exert	izvaja
exertion	napor
exhale	izdihni
exhaust	izpušni sistem
exhausted	izčrpan
exhaustion	izčrpanost
exhaustive	izčrpen
exhibit	razstavi
exhibition	razstava
exhilarated	vznemirjen
exhilarating	vznemirljivo
exhilaration	razburjenje
exhort	opozarjajo
exhortation	spodbuda
exhumation	ekshumacija
exhume	ekshumiraj
exigent	NO TRANSLATION
exile	izgnanstvo
exist	obstajajo
existence	obstoj
existent	obstaja
existential	eksistencialni
existing	obstoječe
exit	izhod
exodus	exodus
exonerate	oprostite
exorbitant	pretirano
exorcism	eksorcizem
exorcist	eksorcist
exotic	eksotična
expand	razširiti
expanded	razširil
expanse	prostranstvo
expansion	širitev
expansive	ekspanzivno
expatriate	izseljenec
expect	pričakovati
expectance	pričakovanje
expectancy	pričakovanja
expectant	pričakovano
expectation	pričakovanja
expected	pričakovano
expecting	pričakujejo
expediency	primernost
expedient	primeren
expedite	pospešiti
expedition	ekspedicija
expeditious	hitra
expel	Izginiti
expendable	poraba
expenditure	izdatkov
expense	stroške
expenses	stroški
expensive	draga
experience	izkušnje
experienced	izkušeni
experiences	izkušnje
experiment	poskus
experimental	eksperimentalni
experimentation	eksperimentiranje
experimenter	eksperimentator
expert	strokovnjak
expertise	strokovno znanje
expiration	potekel
expire	poteče
expired	potekel
expiry	prenehanje veljavnosti
explain	pojasnite
explanation	razlago
explanatory	pojasnila
expletive	Izgovoren
explication	eksplikacija
explicit	eksplicitno
explode	eksplodira
exploit	izkoriščati
exploitation	izkoriščanje
exploration	raziskovanje
exploratory	raziskovalno
explore	raziskati
explorer	raziskovalec
explosion	eksplozija
explosions	eksplozije
explosive	eksplozivno
expo	expo
exponent	eksponent
exponential	eksponentni
export	izvoz
exportation	izvoz
expose	izpostaviti
exposed	izpostavljeni
exposition	ekspozicija
expository	razlaga
exposure	izpostavljenost
expound	razložiti
express	izrazite
expression	izraz
expressive	izrazno
expressway	hitre ceste
expropriation	razlastitev
expulsion	izgon
exquisite	izvrstno
exquisitely	Odlično
extant	obstoječe
extend	razširiti
extendable	podaljša
extended	podaljšan
extension	razširitev
extensive	obsežen
extent	obseg
exterior	zunanjost
exterminate	iztrebiti
extermination	iztrebljanje
exterminator	exterminator
external	zunanji
externally	zunaj
extinct	izumrla
extinction	izumrtje
extinguish	ugasnejo
extinguisher	gasilni aparat
extol	extol
extort	izsiljevanje
extortion	izsiljevanje
extra	ekstra
extract	izvleček
extracting	ekstrahiranje
extraction	ekstrakcija
extractor	ekstraktor
extracurricular	izvenšolski
extradition	izročitev
extrajudicial	izvensodno
extramural	zunanjost
extraneous	tuja
extraordinaire	ekstraordinaire
extraordinary	izredno
extraterrestrial	zunajzemeljsko
extravagance	ekstravaganca
extravagant	ekstravagantno
extravaganza	ekstravaganca
extreme	ekstremno
extreme anticipation	ekstremno pričakovanje
extreme disgust	skrajno gnusoba
extreme surprise	ekstremno presenečenje
extreme trust	ekstremno zaupanje
extremely	izredno
extremely negative	zelo negativno
extremely positive	izredno pozitiven
extremity	konec
extricate	izstreliti
extrinsic	zunaj
extrusion	iztiskanje
exuberance	izobilje
exude	Izlučiti
eye	oči
eyeball	Eyeball
eyebrow	obrvi
eyeful	Eyeful
eyeglass	očal
eyeglasses	očala
eyelash	trepalnica
eyelet	očesca
eyeliner	Eyeliner
eyepiece	okular
eyes	oči
eyesight	vid
eyewitness	očividec
fab	fab
fable	fable
fabled	fabled
fabric	tkanine
fabricate	izdelati
fabricated	izdelani
fabrication	izdelava
fabulous	čudovito
facade	fasada
face	obraz
faceless	brez obraza
facet	facet
facial	obraza
facile	NO TRANSLATION
facilitate	olajšati
facility	objekt
facing	sooča
facsimile	faksimile
fact	dejstvo
faction	frakcija
factor	faktor
factory	tovarne
facts	dejstva
factual	dejansko
faculties	fakultete
faculty	fakulteta
fad	mada
fade	zbledi
faded	bledi
faeces	blato
fag	fag
faggot	peder
fail	neuspeh
failing	neuspeh
failure	neuspeh
fain	NO TRANSLATION
faint	Slabo
fainting	omedlevica
fair	pošteno
fairly	pošteno
fairness	poštenost
fairway	plovne poti
fairy	vila
faith	vera
faithful	zvest
faithfulness	zvestoba
faithless	brez vere
fake	ponaredek
faker	faker
falafel	falafel
falcon	sokol
fall	padec
fallacious	napačno
fallacy	zmota
fallback	pasti nazaj
fallible	zmožen
falling	padec
fallopian	jajcevod
fallout	padec
fallow	prah
false	FALSE
falsehood	laž
falsely	lažno
falsification	ponarejanje
falsified	ponarejena
falsify	ponarejeni
falsity	lažno
falter	drek
fame	slavo
famed	slaven
familiar	znano
familiarity	poznavanje
familiarize	Seznanite se
family	družina
familytime	čas za družino
famine	lakoto
famished	famished
famous	slavni
famously	znano
fan	ventilator
fanatic	fanatik
fanatical	fanatično
fanaticism	fanatizem
fanciful	domišljija
fancy	fancy
fandango	fandango
fanfare	fanfare
fang	NO TRANSLATION
fangs	fangs
fanning	fanning
fantasia	fantazija
fantasize	fantazirati
fantastic	fantastično
fantasy	fantazija
faraway	daleč stran
farce	farsa
farcical	farsi
fare	prevoznina
farewell	slovo
farm	kmetija
farmer	kmet
farmhouse	kmetija
farming	kmetovanje
farmland	kmetijska zemljišča
faro	faro
fart	prdec
farther	dlje
fascia	fascija
fascinate	fascinantno
fascinated	fasciniran
fascinating	fascinantno
fascination	fascinacija
fascism	fašizem
fascist	fašista
fashion	moda
fashionable	modno
fastball	fastball
fasten	pritrdite
fastener	sponko
fastening	pritrditev
fasting	post
fat	maščobe
fatal	smrtno
fatalism	fatalizem
fatality	smrtnost
fate	usoda
fated	soroden
fateful	usodno
fathead	debelost
father	Oče
fatherhood	očetovstvo
fatherland	domovina
fatherly	očetov
fathom	fathom
fatigue	utrujenost
fatigued	utrujenost
fatso	fatso
fatten	fatten
fatty	maščobo
faucet	pipa
fault	napaka
faultless	brezhibno
faulty	napačno
faun	faun
fauna	favna
faux	faux
favor	uslugo
favorable	ugodno
favorite	najljubši
favoriteholiday	NO TRANSLATION
favoritism	favoritizem
fawn	rjava
fax	faks
faze	NO TRANSLATION
fear	strah
feared	strah
fearful	strah
fearfully	strašno
fearing	strah
fearless	neustrašen
fears	strahove
fearsome	strahovito
feasibility	izvedljivost
feasible	izvedljivo
feast	praznik
feat	feat
feather	pero
feathered	pernate
feature	funkcija
features	Lastnosti
febrile	febrilno
fecal	fekal
feces	iztrebki
fecundity	plodnost
fed	hranjenje
federal	zvezno
federation	zveze
fedup	NO TRANSLATION
fee	pristojbina
feeble	slaboten
feed	krmo
feedback	povratne informacije
feeder	dovodnik
feel	počutim
feelgood	počutiti se dobro
feeling	občutek
feelingdown	NO TRANSLATION
feelinggood	NO TRANSLATION
feet	stopala
feign	feign
feigned	krivda
feisty	Pohoten
felicity	sreča
feline	mačk
fell	padla
feller	feller
fellow	kolega
fellowship	štipendija
felon	zločinec
felony	zločin
felt	čutil
female	žensko
feminine	žensko
femininity	ženskost
feminism	feminizem
feminist	feministka
femme	NO TRANSLATION
femoral	stegnenice
femur	femur
fen	NO TRANSLATION
fence	ograjo
fenced	ograjen
fencing	ograje
fend	odbiti
fender	blatnik
fennel	komarček
ferment	fermentiranje
fermentation	fermentacija
fern	praproti
ferocious	svoboden
ferocity	ferocity
ferret	belega dihurja
ferry	trajekt
ferryboat	NO TRANSLATION
fertile	plodno
fertility	plodnost
fertilize	gnojiti
fertilizer	gnojilo
fervent	goreč
fervor	strah
fess	fess
fest	fest
festival	festival
festive	praznično
fetal	plod
fetch	prinesi
fete	NO TRANSLATION
fetish	fetiš
fetus	plod
feud	spopad
feudal	fevdalno
feudalism	fevdalizem
fever	povišana telesna temperatura
feverish	grozljivo
fiancee	NO TRANSLATION
fiasco	fiasco
fiat	fiat
fib	fib
fiber	vlakno
fiberglass	steklena vlakna
fibrosis	fibroza
fibrous	vlaknat
fickle	prekleto
fiction	fikcija
fictional	izmišljen
fictitious	fiktivno
fiddle	grdo
fiddler	fiddler
fidelity	zvestoba
fidgety	neumni
fiduciary	fiduciar
field	polje
field hockey	hokej
fielder	fielder
fiend	fiend
fiendish	neumnost
fierce	ostro
fiery	ognjeno
fiesta	fiesta
fiesty	NO TRANSLATION
fifteen	petnajst
fifty	petdeset
fig	sl
fight	boj
fighter	borec
fighting	boj
fights	bori
figment	figment
figurative	figurativno
figure	številka
figurine	figurica
filament	filament
filamentous	filamentno
file	mapa
filet	filet
filibuster	filibuster
filigree	filigransko
filing	vložitev
filings	vložki
fill	izpolnite
filler	polnilo
fillet	filet
filling	polnjenje
filly	Fila
film	film
filmmaker	filmski ustvarjalec
filmy	NO TRANSLATION
filter	filter
filth	prst
filthy	prljavo
filtration	filtracija
fin	NO TRANSLATION
final	končno
finale	finale
finalist	finalist
finality	dokončnost
finalize	dokončati
finalized	končano
finally	končno
finance	finance
financial	finančno
financier	financerja
finch	finch
find	najti
finder	iskalec
finding	ugotovitev
fine	V redu
finery	lepila
finesse	finesse
finger	prst
fingernail	noht
fingerprint	prstni odtis
fingerscrossed	NO TRANSLATION
finish	konča
finished	končal
finite	končno
fink	fink
fir	jelka
fire	ogenj
firearm	strelno orožje
firearms	strelno orožje
fireball	ognjena krogla
firecracker	petarda
firefight	požar
firefighter	gasilec
firefly	svetilka
firehouse	gasilska hiša
firelight	svetilka
fireman	gasilec
fireplace	kamin
firepower	ognjeno moč
fireproof	ognjevarno
fireside	ognjišče
firestorm	ogenj
firewall	požarni zid
firewood	drva
firework	ognjemet
fireworks	ognjemet
firing	streljanje
firm	trdno
firmament	neumen
firmly	trdno
firmness	trdnost
first	najprej
firstborn	prvorojenec
firstworldprobs	NO TRANSLATION
fiscal	fiskalni
fish	ribe
fisherman	ribič
fishery	ribištvo
fishing	ribolov
fishing boat	ribiški čoln
fishy	riba
fissile	cepljive
fission	cepitev
fissure	razpok
fist	pest
fistfight	fistfight
fistful	fistful
fistula	fistula
fit	fit
fitness	fitnes
fits	Ujema
fitted	opremljena
fitting	opremljanje
fittings	pribor
five	pet
fiver	fiver
fix	popravi
fixable	popravljiv
fixation	fiksacija
fixed	določen
fixer	fiksir
fixture	napeljava
fixtures	napeljave
fizz	fizz
fjord	fjord
flabbergast	flabbergast
flabbergasted	vdihnjen
flabby	mrzlo
flaccid	Flaccid
flag	zastava
flagging	označevanje
flagpole	flagpole
flagrant	flagrant
flagship	vodilni
flagstaff	flagstaff
flair	Užitek
flak	flak
flake	kosmiči
flaky	luskav
flamboyant	čudovito
flame	plamen
flamethrower	flamethrower
flaming	plamen
flamingo	flamingo
flammable	vnetljivo
flan	flan
flange	prirobnica
flank	bok
flanked	obdan
flanking	flanking
flannel	flanel
flap	poklopec
flapping	flapping
flare	bleščanje
flares	rakete
flaring	bruhanje
flash	bliskavica
flashback	vrnitev nazaj
flashing	utripa
flashlight	svetilka
flashy	Bliskovito
flask	bučko
flat	stanovanje
flatbed	ploščat
flatfoot	ravna nogica
flatness	ravnost
flatten	poravnati
flatter	laskati
flattered	laskati
flattering	laskavi
flattery	laskanje
flatulence	napenjanje
flaunt	šopek
flavor	okus
flaw	pomanjkljivost
flawed	pomanjkljivo
flawless	brezhibno
flea	bolha
fleabag	Slabo
fled	pobegnil
flee	bežijo
fleece	flis
fleet	flote
fleeting	minljivost
flesh	meso
fleshy	mesnate
flex	flex
flexibility	fleksibilnost
flexible	prilagodljiv
flexin	flexin
flexion	upogibanje
flick	pik
flicker	fliker
flickering	utripa
flier	letalo
flight	let
flighty	poln
flimsy	skrito
flinch	flinch
fling	občutek
flint	kremena
flip	flip
flip flop	Japonke
flipper	fliper
flipping	flipping
flirt	flirt
flirtation	flirtanje
flirting	spogledovanje
flirty	spogledljivo
float	float
floater	plovec
flock	jata
flog	flog
flood	poplave
floor	nadstropje
flooring	tla
floozy	floozy
flop	flop
floppy	disketno
flora	flora
floral	cvetlični
florist	cvetličar
floss	nitko
flotation	flotacija
flounder	flounder
flour	moka
flourish	razcvetati
flow	tok
flower	cvet
flowering	cvetenje
flowers	cvetje
flowery	cvetno
flows	tokove
flu	gripa
fluctuate	nihajo
fluctuating	nihajo
fluctuation	nihanje
flue	dim
fluency	tekoče
fluent	tekoče
fluff	puhalo
fluffy	puhasto
fluid	tekočina
fluidity	tekočina
fluke	fluke
flunk	lahka
flunky	Flunky
fluorescence	fluorescenca
fluorescent	fluorescenten
flurries	flurries
flurry	Vnetje
flush	izpljune
flustered	Grozljivo
flute	flavta
fluted	fluted
flutter	trepetanje
fluvial	fluvialno
flux	fluks
fly	letenje
flyboy	flyboy
flyer	letak
flying	letenje
flywheel	vztrajnik
foal	žrebec
foam	pena
foaming	penjenje
foamy	penasta
fob	fob
focal	osrednji
focus	osredotočiti
fodder	krma
foe	sovražnik
fog	megla
foggy	megleno
foil	folija
foiled	preganjana
fold	krat
folded	zložen
folder	mapo
foliage	listje
folio	folio
folk	ljudje
folklore	folklor
follicle	folikel
follicular	folikularna
follow	sledite
follower	privrženec
folly	neumnost
fond	fond
fondle	ljubi
fondling	ljubezen
fondness	ljubezni
fondue	fondue
font	pisava
food	hrano
foodie	hrana
fool	bedak
fooled	preslepil
foolhardy	neumni
fooling	bedati
foolish	neumno
foolishness	neumnost
foolproof	brezskrbno
foot	stopalo
foot stool	stopala
footage	posnetki
football	nogomet
footbridge	brv
foothold	oporo
footing	stopala
footlocker	brivnik
footloose	podnožje
footpath	pešpot
footprint	odtis
footwear	obutev
footwork	footwork
fop	fop
forage	krma
foray	plen
forbearance	Izpadanje
forbid	prepovedati
forbidding	prepovedati
force	sila
forced	prisiljeni
forceful	prisilno
forceps	klešče
forces	sile
forcibly	prisilno
ford	Ford
fore	spredaj
forearm	podlaket
foreboding	predsodka
forecast	napoved
forecaster	prediktor
foreclose	zaprite
foreclosure	zaprtje
forefathers	predniki
forefinger	kazalec
forefront	prvi korak
forego	odpustite
foregoing	zgoraj navedeno
foregone	izpadli
foreground	novo znanje
forehead	čelo
foreign	tuji
foreigner	tujec
foreman	delovodja
foremost	predvsem
forensic	forenzik
forensics	forenzike
foreplay	predigra
forerunner	predhodnik
foresee	predvidi
foreseen	predvideni
foresight	predvidevanje
forest	gozd
forestall	opusti
forethought	predogled
foreveralone	za vedno sam
forevermore	večno
forewarned	opozoriti
foreword	predgovor
forfeit	zapečatena
forfeited	zasežena
forfeiture	odtujitev
forge	kovati
forger	kovač
forgery	ponarejanje
forget	pozabi
forgetful	pozabljen
forgetfulness	pozabljivost
forgive	odpusti
forgiven	oproščeno
forgiveness	odpuščanje
forgiving	odpuščanje
forgotten	pozabljen
fork	vilice
forked	vilice
forking	forking
forklift	viličar
forlorn	napačno
form	obrazec
formal	formalno
formaldehyde	formaldehid
formalism	formalizem
formality	formalnost
format	formatu
formation	oblikovanje
formative	formativno
formed	nastala
formidable	mogočno
forming	oblikovanje
formless	brez oblike
formula	formula
formulary	formular
formulate	formulirati
fornicate	zapravni
fornication	preganjanje
forsake	opusti
forsaken	zapuščeno
forsooth	zares
fort	utrdba
forte	NO TRANSLATION
forthcoming	prihodnje
forthright	odkrito
forthwith	takoj
fortification	utrdba
fortify	utrditi
fortitude	trdnost
fortnight	štirinajst dni
fortnightly	vsaka dva tedna
fortress	trdnjava
fortuitous	naključno
fortunate	srečo
fortune	sreča
fortunes	sreče
forty	štirideset
forum	forum
forward	naprej
forwarding	posredovanje
fossil	fosil
fossils	fosili
foul	prekršek
found	najdemo
foundation	temelj
founder	ustanovitelj
founding	ustanovitev
foundry	livarna
fountain	vodnjak
four	štiri
fourfold	štirikrat
foursome	četverič
fourteen	štirinajst
fourth	četrti
fowl	kokoši
fox	lisica
foxhole	lisica
foxtrot	fokstrot
foxy	foxy
foyer	preddverje
fraction	ulomek
fractional	delno
fracture	zlom
fragile	krhka
fragility	krhkost
fragment	Drobec
fragmentary	fragmentarno
fragrance	vonj
fragrant	dišeče
frail	slaboten
frailty	krhkost
frame	okvir
framework	okvir
franc	frank
franchise	franšiza
frank	Frank
frankenstorm	NO TRANSLATION
frankness	odkritost
frantic	nenavaden
frantically	nenavadno
frat	frat
fraternal	bratsko
fraternity	bratstvo
fraud	goljufije
fraudulent	goljufivo
fraught	poln
fray	fray
frayed	iztrebljena
frazzled	frazzled
freak	čudak
freaked	prestrašen
freakedout	NO TRANSLATION
freakingout	NO TRANSLATION
freakish	čudaško
freakout	znoreti
freaky	čudno
freckle	pege
free	prost
freebie	freebie
freedom	svobodo
freehold	brezplačno
freelance	samostojni
freelancer	svobodni
freely	prosto
freeman	Freeman
freestyle	freestyle
freeway	avtocesto
freeze	zamrzne
freezer	zamrzovalnik
freezing	zamrzovanje
freight	tovorni promet
freighter	tovornjak
french horn	rog
frenetic	frenetic
frenzied	zmešan
frenzy	blaznost
frequency	pogostost
frequent	pogosto
frequently	pogosto
fresco	fresko
fresh	sveže
freshair	NO TRANSLATION
freshen	osvežite
freshener	osvežilec
freshman	novinec
freshness	svežino
freshstart	svež začetek
freshwater	sladka voda
fret	fret
fretful	grdo
friar	friar
fricking	Fricking
friction	trenje
friday	petek
fridge	hladilnik
fried	ocvrti
friend	prijatelj
friendless	brez prijateljev
friendliness	prijaznost
friendly	prijazno
friends	prijatelji
friendship	prijateljstvo
frigate	frigate
friggen	NO TRANSLATION
fright	strah
frighten	prestraši
frightened	prestrašen
frightening	zastrašujoče
frightful	grozno
frigid	frigidno
fringe	obrobje
fringed	obrobljen
frisbee	frizbi
frisk	NO TRANSLATION
frisky	frisky
frivolous	neresno
frock	frock
frog	žaba
froggy	froggy
frolic	vesel
front	spredaj
frontage	frontage
frontal	čelni
frontier	meja
fronting	fronting
frontispiece	frontispiece
frost	mraz
frostbite	zmrzal
frosted	zamrznjen
frosting	mrazenje
frosty	zmrznjen
froth	pena
frothy	peneče
frown	mrzel
frowning	mrzel
frozen	zamrznjeno
frugal	skromno
fruit	sadje
fruit punch	sadni punch
fruitcake	sadje
fruitful	plodno
fruition	uresničevanje
fruitless	brezplodno
fruits	sadje
fruity	sadno
frustrate	onemogočiti
frustrated	razočaran
frustrates	frustrira
frustrating	frustrirajuće
frustration	frustracije
fry	poprgnite
fryer	cvrtnik
fuchsia	fuksija
fuck	Jebemti
fuckedoff	zajebano
fucker	Jebemti
fucking	prekleto
fuckoff	fuckoff
fucksake	fucksake
fucktard	fucktard
fuckyeah	fuckyeah
fudge	fudge
fuel	gorivo
fugitive	begunec
fulcrum	oprijem
fulfill	izpolniti
fulfilled	izpolnjeni
fulfilling	izpolnjevanje
fulfillment	izpolnjevanje
full	poln
fullback	Fullback
fullness	polnost
fully	v celoti
fulsome	fulsome
fumble	potopiti
fume	dima
fumigation	zaplinjevanje
fumin	NO TRANSLATION
fuming	pihanje
fun	zabavno
function	funkcijo
functional	delujoč
fund	sklad
fundamental	temeljno
fundamentalist	fundamentalist
fundamentally	temeljito
funday	zabaven dan
funding	financiranje
fundraiser	fundraiser
fundraising	zbiranje sredstev
funds	sredstva
funeral	pogreb
fungus	glivica
funk	funk
funky	funky
funnel	lijak
funny	smešno
fur	krzno
furious	besno
furiously	nenavadno
furlong	furlong
furlough	naprej
furnace	peč
furnish	dajte
furnishings	pohištvo
furniture	pohištvo
furor	furor
furrow	brazda
furry	krzno
furtherance	napredovanje
fury	bes
fuse	varovalko
fuselage	trup
fusion	fuzija
fuss	škoda
fussy	fussy
fustrated	NO TRANSLATION
futile	brezplodno
futility	brezplodnost
futon	futon
future	prihodnost
fuzz	Fuzz
fuzzy	mehka
gab	NO TRANSLATION
gaby	gaby
gad	gad
gadget	pripomoček
gaff	gaff
gag	gag
gaga	gaga
gage	Gage
gaggle	gaggle
gahhh	NO TRANSLATION
gaiety	veselje
gain	dobiček
gainful	dobičkonosna
gaining	pridobivanje
gait	hojo
gal	gal
gala	gala
galactic	galaktično
galaxy	galaksija
gale	Gale
gall	žolč
gallant	gallant
gallantry	gallantry
gallbladder	žolčnik
galled	galled
gallery	galerija
galley	kuhinja
gallon	galon
gallop	galop
galloping	galopiranje
gallows	viseče
galore	glej
galvanic	galvansko
gamble	kockanje
gambler	kockar
gambling	igre na srečo
game	igro
gameday	gameday
gametime	čas za igro
gaming	igranje iger
gamma	gama
gammon	gammon
gamut	gamut
gander	Gander
gang	tolpa
gangland	gangland
gangrene	gangrena
gangster	gangster
gangway	prehoda
gaol	gaol
gap	vrzel
gape	gape
gaping	precej
garage	garaža
garb	garb
garbage	smeti
garbled	popačen
garden	vrt
gardener	vrtnar
gardening	vrtnarjenje
gardens	vrtovi
gargle	gargle
gargoyle	gargoyle
garish	Garish
garlic	česen
garment	oblačila
garner	garner
garnet	granat
garnish	okrasite
garrison	garnizon
garter	podplat
gas	plin
gaseous	plinasto
gash	gash
gasification	uplinjanje
gasket	tesnilo
gasoline	bencin
gasp	plavuti
gasping	bruhanje
gassy	plinasto
gastric	želodec
gastronomy	gastronomija
gate	vrata
gatekeeper	vratar
gateway	prehod
gather	zbrati
gatherer	zbiralec
gathering	zbiranje
gator	Gator
gatorade	gatorade
gauche	NO TRANSLATION
gaudy	Gordan
gauge	merilec
gauging	merjenje
gaunt	gobec
gauntlet	gardlet
gauze	gaza
gavel	gavel
gawk	gawk
gay	gej
gaze	pogled
gazebo	gazebo
gazelle	gazelle
gazette	gazeta
gazetteer	gazetteer
gazillion	gazillion
gazing	gledam
gear	orodje
geek	geek
geeky	Geeky
geez	geez
geezer	Geezer
geisha	gejša
gel	gel
gelatin	želatina
geld	NO TRANSLATION
gelding	gelanje
gem	dragulj
gemini	gemini
gender	spol
genealogy	genealogija
general	splošno
generality	splošnost
generalization	posplošitev
generally	na splošno
generate	ustvarjati
generation	generacije
generative	generativno
generator	generator
generic	generično
generosity	velikodušnost
generous	radodaren
genesis	geneza
genetic	genetski
genetics	genetika
genial	genialno
genie	genie
genital	genitalija
genitalia	genitalij
genius	genij
genocide	genocid
genome	genom
genre	žanr
gent	gent
genteel	genteel
gentile	gentilna
gentle	nežno
gentleman	gospod
gentlemanly	gentlemanly
gentleness	nežnost
gently	narahlo
gentry	gentry
genuine	pristen
genus	rodu
geographic	geografsko
geographical	geografsko
geography	geografija
geological	geološko
geologist	geolog
geology	geologija
geometric	geometrijsko
geometry	geometrija
geranium	geranij
gerbil	gerbil
geriatric	geriatrično
germ	kalčki
german	nemščina
germane	germane
germinate	kalite
germination	kalitev
germs	klice
gestation	gestacija
gesture	gesta
get	priti
getaway	Pojdi stran
getoverit	NO TRANSLATION
getoveryourself	NO TRANSLATION
getup	Vstani
getyourown	gremo
ghastly	grozno
ghetto	Ghetto
ghost	duh
ghostly	duhovito
ghoul	ghoul
giant	velikan
gibberish	Glupost
giddy	Giddy
gift	darilo
gifted	nadarjen
gifts	darila
gig	gig
gigantic	velikanski
giggle	giggle
giggles	giggles
giggling	hihitanje
gigolo	gigolo
gilded	pozlačen
gill	žile
gills	škrge
gilt	pozlačen
gimmick	trim
gimp	gimp
gin	gin
ginger	ingver
gingerbread	medenjaki
gingerly	previdno
ginseng	ginseng
giraffe	žirafa
girder	nosilec
girdle	pas
girl	punca
girlfriend	punca
girlie	punčka
girlish	Deviško
girly	girly
girth	obod
gist	bistvo
give	daj
giveaway	daj proč
giver	NO TRANSLATION
giving	dajanje
gizmo	gizmo
gizzard	gizzard
glabrous	glabrous
glacial	ledeniški
glacier	ledenik
glad	veseli
glade	glade
gladiator	gladiator
gladness	veselje
glamorous	glamurozno
glamour	glamur
glance	pogled
gland	žleza
glare	bleščanje
glaring	glaring
glass	steklo
glasses	očala
glassware	steklovina
glaucoma	glavkom
glaze	glazura
glazed	zastekljena
gleam	sijaj
gleaming	bleščeče
glean	Glean
glee	veselo
gleeful	veselo
glen	glen
glib	glib
glide	drsi
glider	jadralno padalstvo
glimmer	sijaj
glimpse	pogled
glint	glint
glisten	blešči
glitch	napaka
glitter	bleščice
glittering	bleščeče
gloat	naslajati se
global	globalno
globe	globus
globular	globularno
gloom	mrak
gloomy	mračno
glorification	glorifikacija
glorified	veličasten
glorify	slavite
glorious	veličastno
glory	slava
gloss	sijaj
glossary	glosar
glossy	sijajni
glove	rokavica
gloves	rokavice
glow	sijaj
glowing	svetleč
glucose	glukoze
glue	lepilo
glum	glum
glut	brez glutena
gluten	gluten
glutton	džabe
gluttony	obžalovanja
glycerin	glicerin
gnat	gnat
gnome	gnome
go	Pojdi
goal	cilj
goalie	vratar
goals	cilji
goat	koza
goatee	koza
gob	gob
gobble	gobljaj
goblet	pekač
goblin	goblin
god	Bog
godbless	NO TRANSLATION
goddamn	prekleto
goddamned	prekleto
goddess	Boginja
godfather	kum
godforsaken	božanstvo
godisgood	Bog je dober
godisgreat	NO TRANSLATION
godless	brezbožna
godlike	božansko
godly	Božansko
godmother	Boga
godsend	bogsend
godson	Godson
gofuckyourself	gremo
goggle	očala
goggles	očala
gold	zlato
golden	zlato
goldfish	zlata ribica
golf	golf
golfer	golfer
golfing	golf
gondola	gondola
gone	izginil
goner	goner
gong	NO TRANSLATION
gonorrhea	gonoreja
goo	Goo
goober	goober
good	dobro
goodbye	Zbogom
goodday	dober dan
goodfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
goodhealth	NO TRANSLATION
goodie	dobri
goodies	dobrote
goodlife	dobro življenje
goodly	dobro
goodmood	NO TRANSLATION
goodmorning	dobro jutro
goodmusic	dobra glasba
goodness	dobrota
goodnews	dobre novice
goods	blago
goodtimes	dobri časi
goodvibes	NO TRANSLATION
goodwill	dobro voljo
goody	dobrota
gooey	Gremo
goof	gremo
goofball	goofball
goofy	neumnost
goon	Nadaljuj
gooood	Gooood
goop	Goop
goose	gos
gopher	gopher
gore	gore
gorge	soteska
gorgeous	krasen
gorilla	gorila
gory	krava
gospel	evangelij
gossip	opravljanje
gothic	gotsko
gouge	žleb
goulash	golaž
gourd	gourd
gourmet	gurmanski
gout	Protin
govern	uredi
governess	guverner
governing	vodenje
government	vlada
governmental	vladni
governor	guverner
gown	obleka
grab	zgrabi
grace	milost
graceful	Dobrohotno
gracias	NO TRANSLATION
gracious	milostiv
graciously	milostno
grad	NO TRANSLATION
gradation	gradacija
grade	razred
graded	ocenjen
grader	greder
grades	ocene
gradient	gradient
gradschool	NO TRANSLATION
gradual	postopno
gradually	postopoma
graduate	diplomiral
graduation	diplomi
graffiti	grafiti
graft	presadka
grail	grail
grain	žita
gram	gram
grammar	slovnica
grand	grand
grand theft auto	Velika krajevna avto
grandchild	vnuk
grandchildren	vnuki
granddad	dedek
granddaddy	dedek
granddaughter	vnukinja
grandeur	veličastnost
grandfather	dedek
grandiose	grandiozno
grandma	babica
grandmother	babica
grandpa	dedka
grandson	vnuk
grandstand	tribuna
grange	Grange
granite	granit
granny	babica
granola	granola
grant	dodelitev
granted	odobreno
grantee	štipendist
grantor	dajalec licence
granular	granularno
granule	granule
grape	grozdje
grape juice	grozdni sok
grapefruit	grenivke
grapes	grozdje
grapevine	vinska trta
graph	graf
graphic	grafično
graphics	grafike
graphite	grafit
grapple	groba
grappling	bori se
grasp	prijem
grasping	ujeti
grass	trava
grasshopper	kobilica
grassy	travnato
grate	rešetke
grated	nariban
grateful	hvaležen
gratification	zadovoljstvo
gratified	zadovoljni
gratify	zadovolji
gratifying	zadovoljen
grating	ribanje
gratis	NO TRANSLATION
gratitude	hvaležnost
gratuitous	brezplačno
gratuity	brezplačno
grave	grob
gravel	gramoz
graver	NO TRANSLATION
graveyard	pokopališče
gravitate	gravitira
gravitation	gravitacija
gravitational	gravitacijski
gravity	gravitacije
gravy	omako
gray	siva
graze	paše
grease	mast
greased	podmazan
greaser	maščob
greasy	mastno
great	Super
great anticipation	veliko pričakovanj
great aunt	velika teta
great disgust	velika gnusoba
great grandfather	velik dedek
great grandma	velika babica
great grandmother	velika babica
great grandpa	velik dedek
great surprise	veliko presenečenje
great trust	veliko zaupanje
great uncle	dober stric
greatday	NO TRANSLATION
greater	večje
greatest	največji
greatfriends	NO TRANSLATION
greatful	NO TRANSLATION
greatly	zelo
greatly negative	zelo negativno
greatly positive	zelo pozitivno
greatness	veličino
greatnight	NO TRANSLATION
greed	pohlep
greedy	pohlepen
green	zelena
green bean	zeleni fižol
green pepper	zelena paprika
green snake	zelena kača
greenhouse	toplogrednih
greenish	zelenkasto
greenwood	zelena lesa
greet	pozdravi
greeted	pozdravil
greeting	pozdrav
gregarious	Čarobni
grenade	granata
grey	siva
greyhound	Sranje
grid	mreža
gridiron	gridiron
grief	žalost
grievance	žalovanje
grieve	žalost
grieved	žalosten
grieving	žalostno
grievous	hudoben
griffin	grifin
grill	žar
grille	rešetka
grilled	pečen na žaru
grim	mračno
grime	grime
grimy	grimy
grin	nasmeh
grind	mleti
grinder	mlinček
grinding	brušenje
grindstone	grindstone
gringo	gringo
grip	oprijem
gripe	gripe
grisly	Grozljivo
grist	Grist
grit	pesek
grits	griz
gritty	krhko
grizzly	grizli
groan	Groan
grocer	trgovec
groceries	živil
grocery	trgovina z živili
groggy	Groggy
groin	prepona
groom	ženina
groove	utor
groovy	groovy
grope	grope
gross	bruto
grotesque	groteskno
grotto	grotto
grouch	Grouch
grouchy	grouchy
ground	tla
grounded	utemeljen
groundhog	zemljak
grounding	ozemljitev
groundless	neutemeljen
grounds	razloge
groundwork	podlaga
group	skupina
groupie	skupina
grouping	združevanje
grouse	Grozno
grout	injekcijsko brizgo
grove	grove
grovel	grovel
grow	rastejo
growl	raje
growling	Rožanje
growls	Rože
grownup	odrasel
growth	rast
growthefuckup	rastejo
grr	grr
grrr	grrr
grrrrr	grrrrr
grub	grub
grubby	grubby
grudge	zamera
grudging	zaskrbljenost
grudgingly	nesramno
gruel	gruel
grueling	izčrpavanje
gruesome	grozno
gruff	gruff
grumble	grumble
grump	grumpy
grumpy	grumpy
grunt	grunt
grunting	grunting
guacamole	guacamol
guano	guano
guarantee	jamstvo
guaranty	jamstvo
guard	stražar
guarded	varovano
guardhouse	stražarnica
guardian	skrbnik
guardianship	skrbništvo
guards	stražarji
gubernatorial	gubernatorial
guerilla	NO TRANSLATION
guerrilla	gverilca
guess	ugibati
guesser	Uganka
guesswork	ugibanje
guest	gost
guesthouse	hiša za goste
guidance	smernice
guide	vodnik
guidebook	vodnik
guidelines	smernice
guiding	vodenje
guild	ceh
guile	krivec
guillotine	giljotina
guilt	krivdo
guilty	kriv
guinea	Gvineja
guise	obris
guitar	kitaro
guitarist	kitarist
gules	gules
gulf	zaliv
gull	galeb
gullet	puhalo
gullible	lahkoveren
gully	gully
gulp	gulp
gum	gumi
gumbo	gumbo
gummy	gumijast
gumption	gumption
gun	pištolo
gunboat	Gmina
gunfight	pištolo
gunfighter	pištolo
gunfire	pištolo
gunk	Gunk
gunman	Orožnik
gunmen	Orožniki
gunner	strelca
gunnery	pištolo
gunplay	pištolo
gunpoint	pištolo
gunpowder	barut
gunshot	pištolo
gunslinger	gunslinger
gurney	Gurney
guru	guru
gush	Odjebi
gusher	gusher
gusset	gusset
gust	pošast
gusto	NO TRANSLATION
gusty	Gusty
gut	čreva
gutless	gutless
guts	črevesje
gutsy	živahno
gutter	žleb
guy	fant
guzzler	guzzler
guzzling	guzzling
gym	telovadnica
gymnasium	gimnazija
gymnast	gimnastika
gymnastic	gimnastika
gymnastics	gimnastika
gynecologist	ginekolog
gynecology	ginekologija
gypsy	Cigan
gyroscope	žiroskop
habit	navada
habitat	habitat
habitation	stanovanje
habitual	navadno
habitually	navadno
hacienda	hacienda
hack	kramp
hacker	heker
hacksaw	žičnica
hadenough	NO TRANSLATION
hag	hag
haggard	Očaraj
haggle	objemi
haiku	haiku
hail	toča
hair	lasje
hairball	lasje
hairbrush	ščetka za lase
haircut	prirezovanje
hairdo	frizuro
hairdresser	frizerski salon
hairdryer	sušilnik za lase
hairless	brez dlake
hairline	lasišče
hairpin	ličila
hairspray	lase za lase
hairstyle	pričeska
hairy	dlakavi
hale	hale
half	pol
half dollar	pol dolarja
halfback	polkovnik
halftime	polčas
halfway	na pol poti
halibut	morski pes
hall	dvorana
hallelujah	haleluja
hallmark	znak
hallowed	sveto
hallucination	halucinacije
hallway	hodnik
halo	halo
halt	ustavi
halter	halter
halting	zaustavitev
halve	polovico
halving	prepoloviti
ham	šunka
hamburger	hamburger
hamlet	zaselek
hammer	kladivo
hammerhead	kladivo
hammering	kladivo
hammock	viseča mreža
hamper	ovirati
hamster	hrček
hamstring	prikradek
hand	roka
handbag	ročna torba
handball	rokomet
handbook	priročnik
handcuff	lisice
handful	peščica
handgun	pištolo
handheld	ročno
handicap	hendikep
handicapped	hendikepirani
handicraft	obrt
handiwork	ročno delo
handkerchief	robec
handle	ročaj
handler	vodnik
handmade	ročno izdelan
handout	izroček
handprint	ročni odtis
handshake	rokovanje
handsome	čeden
handwriting	rokopis
handy	priročen
handyman	ročno
hang	visi
hangar	hangar
hanger	Obešalnik
hanging	visi
hangman	hangman
hangout	družiti se
hangover	mamica
hangry	hangar
hank	hank
hankering	hrepenenje
hanky	Hanky
hap	NO TRANSLATION
haphazard	Nenavaden
hapless	nesretni
happen	se zgodi
happening	dogaja
happier	srečnejši
happiest	Najsrečnejši
happily	srečno
happiness	sreča
happy	vesel
happydance	sreča
happyday	vesel dan
happyheart	srečna
happyholidays	NO TRANSLATION
happynewyear	NO TRANSLATION
happyplace	NO TRANSLATION
happytweet	NO TRANSLATION
happyvalentinesday	NO TRANSLATION
harass	nadlegovati
harassing	nadlegovanje
harassment	nadlegovanje
harbinger	predniki
harbor	pristanišče
hard	težko
hardball	hardball
hardcore	hardcore
harden	utrditi
hardened	utrjene
hardening	strjevanje
hardheaded	trdoglav
hardness	trdota
hardship	stiske
hardware	strojna oprema
hardwood	trdega lesa
hardworking	delaven
hardy	trdno
hare	zajec
harebrained	harebrained
harem	harem
hark	Hark
harlot	bludnica
harm	škoda
harmful	škodljivo
harmless	neškodljivo
harmonica	harmonika
harmonics	harmonike
harmonious	harmonično
harmoniously	harmonično
harmonize	uskladiti
harmony	harmonija
harness	izkoriščanje
harp	harfa
harper	Harper
harpoon	harpoon
harpsichord	čembalo
harrowing	trljanje
harry	Harry
harsh	kruto
harshness	krutost
hart	hart
harvest	žetev
hash	hash
hashish	hašiš
hassle	Nezdravih
haste	Hitro
hasten	Hitro
hastily	hitro
hasty	Hitri
hat	klobuk
hatch	loputa
hatchet	Sekir
hate	sovraštvo
hateeee	NO TRANSLATION
hateeveryone	NO TRANSLATION
hateful	sovraštvo
hater	hater
hateyou	NO TRANSLATION
hating	sovraštvo
hatred	sovraštvo
haughty	naddražen
haul	Vlečenje
haulage	prevoz
haunt	preganjajo
haunted	straši
have	imam
haven	pristanišče
havoc	opustošenje
haw	haw
hawk	Sokol
hawking	hoking
hay	NO TRANSLATION
haye	haye
hayride	hayride
haystack	seno
haywire	haywire
hazard	nevarnost
hazardous	Nevarno
haze	meglica
hazmat	hazmat
hazy	megleno
head	glava
headache	glavobol
headaches	glavoboli
headband	naglavni trak
headdress	oblačila
header	glava
headgear	pokrivala
heading	naslov
headland	zemlja
headless	brez glave
headlight	žaromet
headline	naslov
headliner	čelad
headlock	glavo
headlong	navzgor
headmaster	ravnatelj
headphones	slušalke
headquarter	glavni štab
headquarters	sedež
headset	slušalke
headstone	headstone
headstrong	navaden
headway	napredovanje
heady	navdušeni
heal	zdravi
healer	zdravilec
healing	zdravljenje
health	zdravje
healthcare	skrb za zdravje
healthful	zdravo
healthy	zdravo
heap	kup
hear	slišite
hearer	slišalka
hearing	sluh
hearsay	glasba
hearse	Pohištvo
heart	srce
heart disease	srčna bolezen
heartache	srce
heartattack	NO TRANSLATION
heartbeat	srčni utrip
heartbreak	srčni utrip
heartbreaker	srčni udarec
heartbreaking	srčkan
heartbroken	srce krčeno
heartburn	zgaga
hearted	srce
heartfelt	iskreno
hearth	ognjišče
heartily	srce
heartland	središče
heartless	brez srca
hearts	srca
heartsick	srca
heartworm	srčni hormon
hearty	srčno
heat	toplote
heated	ogrevano
heater	grelec
heath	Heath
heathen	papež
heather	Heather
heating	ogrevanje
heave	Izkoristite
heaven	nebesa
heavenly	nebeško
heavens	nebesa
heavily	močno
heaviness	težo
heaving	Iztegovanje
heavy	težka
heavy metal	težka kovina
heavyweight	težka
heck	Hej
hectares	hektarjev
hectic	Grozno
hedge	varovanje
hedgehog	hedgehog
hedonism	hedonizem
hee	Hee
heed	Pazite
heel	peta
heels	pete
heft	tat
hefty	zajeten
hegemonic	hegemonij
heheh	NO TRANSLATION
heifer	telica
height	višina
heighten	povečati
heightened	povišano
heinous	gnusen
heir	dedič
heiress	dedinja
heirloom	dediča
heirs	dediči
heist	Heist
helical	spiralno
helicopter	helikopter
helipad	helipad
heliport	heliport
helium	helij
helix	Vijačnica
hell	hudiča
hellfire	hellfire
hellhole	Peklina
hellish	peklensko
helm	čelado
helmet	čelada
helmsman	Krmarja
help	pomoč
helper	pomočnik
helpful	pomoč
helpless	nemočen
helplessness	nemoči
hem	NO TRANSLATION
hematite	hematit
hematoma	hematom
hemi	hemi
hemisphere	hemisfera
hemispheric	hemisfera
hemlock	Hemlock
hemoglobin	hemoglobin
hemorrhage	krvavitev
hemorrhoids	hemoroidi
hemostat	hemostat
hemp	konoplja
hen	NO TRANSLATION
henceforth	od zdaj naprej
henhouse	Kurnik
hepatitis	hepatitis
herald	glasnik
heraldry	heraldika
herb	zelišče
herbaceous	zelnata
herbal	zeliščni
herbarium	herbarij
herbs	zelišča
herd	čreda
hereditary	dedno
heredity	herednost
heresy	Erezija
heretic	heretika
heretical	heretično
heretofore	do sedaj
hereunto	tukajunto
herewith	tukaj
heritage	dediščina
hermaphrodite	hermafrodit
hermeneutics	hermenevtika
hermit	puščavnik
hernia	kila
hero	junak
heroic	junaški
heroics	junaka
heroin	heroin
heroine	junakinja
heroism	heroizem
herpes	herpes
herpesvirus	herpesvirus
herring	sled
hertz	hertz
hesitant	neodločno
hesitate	oklevajte
hesitating	brez dvoma
hesitation	oklevanje
hetero	hetero
heterogeneity	heterogenost
heterosexual	heteroseksualen
hew	Hej
hex	hex
hexagon	šesterokotnik
heyday	vrhunec
hiatus	pavza
hibernate	prezimovanje
hibernation	mirovanje
hiccup	hccup
hick	kurba
hickey	hickey
hickory	hickory
hidden	skrito
hide	skriti
hideaway	skrivališče
hideous	odvraten
hideout	skrivališče
hiding	skriva
hierarchical	hierarhično
hierarchy	hierarhija
hieroglyphics	hieroglifi
high	visoko
high heels	visoke petke
highball	Highball
higher	višje
highest	najvišji
highland	planota
highlands	visokogorje
highlight	označite
highness	visosti
hight	visoka
hightail	Hightail
highway	avtocesta
hijack	ugrabitev
hijacker	ugrabitelj
hike	Pohod
hiker	hiker
hiking	pohodništvo
hiking boot	pohodniški škorenj
hilarious	smešno
hilarity	lepota
hill	hrib
hillside	hriba
hilltop	hrib
hilly	hribovito
hilt	hilt
hind	zadaj
hinder	ovirajo
hindering	oviranje
hindrance	ovira
hindsight	prepozno
hinge	tečaj
hint	namig
hinterland	zaledje
hip	kolk
hip hop	hip hop
hippie	hipik
hippo	konj
hippopotamus	podgan
hire	najem
hirsute	hirsute
hiss	Hiss
hissing	šepanje
histology	histologija
historian	zgodovinar
historic	zgodovinsko
historical	zgodovinski
historiography	zgodovinopisje
history	zgodovina
hit	udaril
hitch	hitch
hitchhike	Avtomobil
hitchhiker	voziček
hitherto	doslej
hitter	hitler
hive	panj
hives	panjev
hoard	hoard
hoarse	hripav
hoary	stari
hoax	potegavščina
hob	kuhalna plošča
hobbit	hobbit
hobby	hobi
hobo	hobo
hock	hock
hockey	hokej
hoe	NO TRANSLATION
hog	svinja
hogwash	hogwash
hohoho	NO TRANSLATION
hoist	dvigalo
hokey	hokey
hold	držite
holder	imetnika
holding	gospodarstvo
holdup	holdup
hole	luknjo
holiday	počitnice
holidays	prazniki
holidayseason	NO TRANSLATION
holiness	svetost
holistic	celostno
holler	Holler
hollow	votle
holly	Holly
holocaust	holokavst
hologram	hologram
holographic	holografski
holster	futrola
holy	sveto
holyspirit	NO TRANSLATION
homage	hvaležnost
hombre	NO TRANSLATION
hombres	NO TRANSLATION
home	doma
homeboy	homeboy
homecoming	domov
homeland	domovina
homeless	brezdomci
homely	domače
homemade	doma
homeopathic	homeopatski
homeopathy	homeopatija
homeowner	homeowner
homeroom	homeroom
homesick	domoljubna
homestead	domačija
homesweethome	Ljubo doma, kdor ga ima
hometown	domače mesto
homeward	domovina
homework	Domača naloga
homey	domače
homicidal	umorni
homicide	umor
homily	homily
homing	homing
hominy	homini
homo	homo
homogeneity	homogenost
homogeneous	homogeno
homologous	homologen
homologue	homolog
homology	homologija
homophobic	homofobična
homosexual	homoseksualec
homosexuality	homoseksualnost
honcho	počakaj
hone	boleč
honest	pošten
honesty	poštenost
honey	dragi
honeycomb	satja
honeymoon	medeni teden
honeysuckle	kovačnik
honk	honk
honky	pošteno
honor	čast
honorable	Častni
honorarium	honorar
honorary	častni
honored	počaščen
hooch	žganje
hood	pokrov
hooded	s kapuco
hoodlum	hoodlum
hoof	kopito
hook	kavelj
hooked	zasvojen
hooker	kurba
hookup	dobiti se
hooky	kljuka
hooligan	huligan
hoop	obroč
hoopla	hoopla
hooray	hoaray
hoot	hoot
hooter	hooter
hop	hop
hope	upanje
hopeful	upam
hopeless	brezupno
hopelessness	brezupa
hopes	upa
hoping	v upanju
hopper	lonec
horde	horde
horizon	Obzorje
horizontal	horizontalno
horizontally	horizontalno
hormonal	hormonsko
hormone	hormon
horn	rog
horned	rogati
hornet	Sršen
horny	pohoten
horoscope	horoskop
horrendous	Grozljivo
horrible	grozno
horribly	grozno
horrid	grozno
horrific	grozno
horrified	prestrašen
horrifying	grozljivo
horror	grozo
horrors	grozote
horse	konj
horseback	konj
horseman	konjenik
horsepower	konjska moč
horseradish	hren
horseshit	konjska srajca
horseshoe	podkve
horsey	Horsey
horticultural	vrtnarstvo
horticulture	vrtnarstvo
hosannah	NO TRANSLATION
hose	cev
hosiery	nogavice
hospice	hospic
hospitable	gostoljubno
hospital	bolnišnica
hospitality	gostoljubnost
host	gostitelj
hostage	talec
hostel	hostel
hostess	hostesa
hostile	sovražno
hostilities	sovražnosti
hostility	sovražnost
hot	vroče
hot sauce	pekoča omaka
hotbed	hotbed
hotdog	hotdog
hotel	hotel
hothead	vroča glava
hotline	telefonska linija
hotshot	hotshot
hotyoga	NO TRANSLATION
hound	hound
hour	uro
hourglass	peščena ura
hourly	urno
house	hiša
houseboat	hišica
houseboy	houseboy
housebroken	housebroken
houseguest	houseguest
household	gospodinjstvo
householder	gospodinjstvo
housekeeper	gospodinja
housekeeping	gospodinjstvo
housewarming	housewarming
housewife	gospodinja
housework	gospodinjstvo
housing	nastanitev
hovel	hovel
hover	lebdite
hovercraft	zračna plovila
howl	vraga
howsoever	kako god
hoy	NO TRANSLATION
hub	pesto
hubby	hubby
huckleberry	huckleberry
huddle	huddle
hue	odtenek
huff	Huff
huffy	huffy
hug	objem
huge	ogromno
hugger	hugger
huggy	huggy
hugs	objemi
hulk	hulk
hull	trup
hum	hum
human	človek
humane	humano
humanitarian	humanitarno
humanities	humanistike
humanity	človeštvo
humankind	človeštvo
humanoid	humanoid
humanrights	NO TRANSLATION
humble	skromno
humbled	ponižal
humbly	ponižno
humbug	humbug
humdrum	humdrum
humid	vlažno
humidity	vlažnost
humiliate	ponižuj
humiliated	ponižana
humiliating	ponižujoče
humiliation	ponižanje
humility	ponižnost
hummer	Hummer
hummingbird	Kolibri
humongous	humongous
humor	humor
humored	navdušeni
humorist	humorist
humorous	smešno
hump	grba
humpback	Grbavec
hunch	hunch
hunchback	hunchback
hundred	sto
hundredth	stotina
hunger	lakota
hungry	lačen
hunk	kosilo
hunks	lovijo
hunky	Hunky
hunt	lov
hunter	lovec
hunting	lov
huntress	huntress
hurdle	ovire
hurl	hurl
hurrah	hura
hurricane	orkan
hurricanes	orkani
hurried	pohitela
hurry	Pohitite
hurryup	NO TRANSLATION
hurt	boli
hurtful	hudobno
hurting	boli
husband	mož
husbandry	živinoreja
hush	tišina
hushed	tiho
husk	NO TRANSLATION
husky	Husky
hussy	hussy
hustle	hudle
hustler	hustler
hut	koča
hutch	hutch
hyacinth	hyacinth
hybrid	hibrid
hydra	hidra
hydrant	hidrant
hydrate	hidrat
hydraulic	hidravlično
hydraulics	hidravlika
hydrocephalus	hidrocefalus
hydrodynamics	hidrodinamika
hydrogen	vodik
hydrographic	hidrografski
hydrology	hidrologija
hydrophobia	hidrofobija
hydroponics	hidroponika
hyena	hijena
hygiene	higiena
hygienic	higiensko
hygienist	higienik
hymen	himen
hymn	himna
hype	hype
hyped	hyped
hyper	hiper
hyperactive	hiperaktivna
hyperbole	hiperbola
hyperspace	hiperspace
hypertension	hipertenzija
hypertrophy	hipertrofija
hyperventilate	hiperventilat
hyperventilating	hiperventilacija
hyphen	vezaj
hypnosis	hipnoza
hypnotic	hipnotik
hypnotist	hipnotizem
hypnotize	hipnotiziraj
hypnotized	hipnotiziran
hypochondriac	hipohondriak
hypocrisy	hinavščina
hypocrite	hinavec
hypocritical	hinavsko
hypodermic	podkožni
hypothalamus	hipotalamus
hypothermia	hipotermija
hypothesis	hipoteza
hypothetical	hipotetično
hysterectomy	histerektomija
hysteria	histerija
hysterical	histerično
ibuprofen	ibuprofen
ice	led
ice tea	ledeni čaj
iceberg	ledena gora
icebox	hladilnik
icebreaker	ledenik
iced	zamrznjen
icing	Zaledenitve
icky	icky
icon	ikona
iconic	ikoničen
iconography	ikonografija
icy	ledeno
id	id
idea	ideja
ideal	idealen
idealism	idealizem
idealist	idealist
idealistic	idealistično
identical	enako
identically	enako
identification	identifikacija
identify	identificirati
identity	identiteta
ideology	ideologija
idiocy	idiocija
idiom	idiom
idiomatic	idiomatsko
idiot	idiot
idiotic	idioti
idiots	idioti
idle	nedejaven
idleness	nerednost
idler	idler
idol	vzornik
idolatry	idolatrija
idolizing	idolizirajoče
idyllic	idiličen
iffy	iffy
ifonly	če bi le
igloo	igloo
igneous	vneto
ignite	Vžgati
ignition	vžig
ignorance	nevednost
ignorant	nevedni
ignore	prezreti
iguana	iguana
ihatespiders	NO TRANSLATION
ilk	NO TRANSLATION
ill	bolan
illegal	nezakonito
illegality	nezakonitost
illegally	nezakonito
illegible	nečitljiv
illegitimate	nezakonito
illicit	nedovoljeno
illiterate	nepismen
illness	bolezen
illogical	nelogično
illuminate	osvetlite
illuminating	osvetljuje
illumination	osvetlitev
illuminator	osvetljevalnik
illusion	iluzija
illustrate	ilustrirajte
illustration	ilustracija
illustrative	ilustrativno
illustrious	slavno
ilovechristmas	NO TRANSLATION
iloveher	NO TRANSLATION
image	sliko
imagery	slike
imaginable	zamisliti
imaginary	imaginarni
imagination	domišljijo
imaginative	domišljijski
imagine	zamislite
imagined	zamišljen
imaging	slikanje
imagining	predstavljati
imam	NO TRANSLATION
imbalance	neravnovesje
imbecile	imbecil
imbedded	vdelane
imissyou	NO TRANSLATION
imitate	posnemati
imitated	posnemajo
imitation	imitacija
immaculate	brezhibno
immaterial	nematerialno
immature	nezrelo
immaturity	nezrelost
immeasurable	neizmerno
immeasurably	neizmerno
immediacy	neposrednost
immediate	takoj
immediately	takoj
immemorial	nedolžni
immense	ogromno
immerse	potopite
immersion	potopitev
immigrant	priseljenec
immigration	priseljevanje
imminent	Nepričakovano
immobile	nepremično
immoral	nemoralno
immorality	nemoralnost
immortal	nesmrtni
immortality	nesmrtnost
immovable	nepremično
immune	imunski
immunity	imuniteta
immunization	imunizacija
immutable	nespremenljiv
imp	imp
impact	vpliv
impair	zmanjšati
impaired	slabše
impairment	slabitev
impart	prenesti
impartial	nepristranski
impartiality	nepristranskost
impassable	neprehodno
impassioned	strastno
impatience	nestrpnost
impatient	nestrpno
impatiently	NO TRANSLATION
impeach	odpustiti
impeachment	obtožba
impeccable	neoporečen
impede	ovirati
impediment	oviranje
impelled	vzpodbuden
impending	bližnji
impenetrable	neprepusten
imperative	nujno
imperceptible	neopazno
imperfect	nepopolno
imperfection	nepopolnost
imperfectly	nepopolno
imperial	imperialno
imperialist	NO TRANSLATION
impermeable	neprepusten
impermissible	nedopustno
impersonal	brezosebno
impersonate	lažno
impersonation	lažno predstavljanje
impersonator	impersonator
impertinence	drznost
impertinent	Nenavaden
impervious	neprepustna
impetuous	Neskončno
impetus	spodbudo
implacable	neumoljiv
implant	implantat
implantation	implantacija
implanted	implantiran
implement	implementirati
implicate	implicirajo
implicated	vpleten
implication	posledice
implied	implicitno
implore	molite
implosion	implozija
imply	implicirajo
impolite	nevljuden
import	uvoz
importance	pomembnost
important	pomembno
importation	uvoz
impose	naložiti
imposing	nalaganje
imposition	naložitev
impossibility	nemogoče
impossible	nemogoče
impostor	izumitelj
impotence	impotenca
impotent	impotenten
impound	impound
impoverished	osiromašena
impracticable	neizvedljivo
impractical	nepraktično
impregnable	neprepusten
impregnate	impregnirani
impress	vtisni
impressed	navdušeni
impression	vtis
impressionable	vtisljivo
impressive	impresivno
imprint	odtis
imprison	zaprtje
imprisoned	zaprli
imprisonment	zapora
improbable	neverjetno
impromptu	impromptu
improper	nepravilno
impropriety	nepravilnost
improve	izboljšati
improved	izboljšali
improvement	izboljšava
improves	izboljša
improving	izboljšanje
improvisation	improvizacija
improvise	improvizirati
improvised	improviziran
imprudent	nepreviden
impudence	gnusnost
impudent	nenavaden
impulse	impulz
impulsive	impulzivno
impunity	nekaznovanost
impure	nečisto
impurity	nečistost
imputation	imputacija
imtryingtosleep	NO TRANSLATION
inability	nezmožnost
inaccessible	nedostopen
inaccurate	netočno
inaction	neukrepanje
inactivate	inaktivirati
inactivation	inaktivacija
inactive	neaktiven
inactivity	neaktivnost
inadequacy	neustreznost
inadequate	nezadostno
inadequateness	neustreznost
inadmissible	nedopustno
inadvertent	nenamerno
inadvertently	nenamerno
inaffable	NO TRANSLATION
inalienable	neodtujljiv
inane	Inane
inanimate	neživi
inapplicable	neuporabno
inappropriate	neprimerno
inattention	neupoštevanje
inaudible	neslišno
inaugural	otvoritveni
inaugurate	Inaugurirati
inauguration	inauguracija
inborn	prirojen
inbound	vhodni
inbred	inbred
incalculable	neizmerljivo
incandescent	žareče
incantation	žganje
incapable	nesposoben
incapacity	nezmožnost
incarceration	zaprtje
incarnate	Inkarnate
incase	v primeru
incendiary	zažigalnik
incense	kadilo
incensed	vznemirjen
incentive	spodbudo
inception	začetek
incessant	neprestano
incessantly	nenehno
incest	incest
incestuous	incestuous
inch	palčni
incidence	Incidenca
incident	nezgoda
incidental	naključno
incidentally	mimogrede
incineration	sežiganje
incinerator	sežigalnico
incipient	začetek
incision	rez
incisive	vpadljiv
incite	spodbujati
incitement	spodbujanje
inclement	nesrečo
inclination	naklon
incline	naklon
inclined	nagnjena
include	vključi
included	vključeni
including	vključno z
inclusion	vključitev
inclusive	vključujoč
incognito	brez beleženja zgodovine
incoherent	neskladen
income	dohodek
incoming	dohodni
incomparable	neprimerljivo
incompatible	nezdružljiva
incompetence	nesposobnost
incompetent	nesposoben
incomplete	nepopolna
incompletely	nepopolno
incompleteness	nepopolnost
incomprehensible	nerazumljivo
inconceivable	nepredstavljivo
inconclusive	nedokončana
incongruous	neskladne
inconsequential	nepomembno
inconsiderate	nepredstavljivo
inconsistency	nedoslednost
inconsistent	nedosledno
inconspicuous	neopazno
incontinence	inkontinenca
inconvenience	neprijetnosti
inconvenient	neprijetno
incorporate	vključi
incorporation	vključitev
incorrect	napačna
incorrigible	nepopravljivo
increase	porast
increased	povečal
incredible	neverjetno
incredulous	neverjetno
increment	prirastek
incriminate	inkriminirati
incriminating	inkriminira
incrimination	inkriminacija
incubation	inkubacija
incubator	inkubator
incubus	inkubus
incumbent	trenutno
incur	nastanejo
incurable	neozdravljiv
incursion	vdor
indebted	zadolžen
indecency	nespodobnost
indecent	nespodoben
indecision	neodločnost
indecisive	neodločen
indefensible	neomejen
indefinite	nedoločen čas
indelible	neizbrisno
indemnification	odškodnina
indemnify	odškodnino
indemnity	odškodnina
indent	alinea
indentation	indentation
indenture	indenture
independence	neodvisnost
independent	neodvisno
indescribable	nepopisno
indestructible	neuničljiv
indeterminate	nedoločen
index	indeks
indicate	navedite
indicating	označuje
indication	indikacija
indicative	okvirno
indicator	kazalnik
indice	NO TRANSLATION
indict	Obtožnica
indictment	Obtožnica
indie	indie
indifference	brezbrižnost
indifferent	enak
indigenous	avtohtona
indigent	slaba
indigestion	prebavne motnje
indignant	ogorčen
indignation	ogorčenje
indignity	ponižnost
indigo	indigo
indirect	posredno
indiscreet	Indiscreet
indiscretion	indiskretnost
indispensable	nepogrešljiv
indisposed	nenaseljen
indistinct	nejasen
indistinguishable	neločljivo
individual	posameznik
individuality	individualnost
indivisible	nedeljivo
indoctrination	indoktrinacija
indolent	indolenten
indomitable	nepopustljiv
indoor	v zaprtih prostorih
induce	inducirajo
induced	povzročil
inducement	spodbudo
induction	indukcija
indulge	prepusti se
indulgence	popustljivost
indulgent	popustljiv
industrial	industrijski
industrialist	industrialist
industrious	prijazen
industry	industrijo
ineffable	neizvedljiv
ineffective	neučinkovito
ineffectual	neučinkovito
inefficiency	neučinkovitost
inefficient	neučinkovito
inelastic	neelastično
ineligible	neupravičeno
inept	nesposoben
ineptitude	neupravičenost
inequality	neenakost
inequitable	nepravično
inert	inerten
inertia	inercija
inevitable	neizogibno
inexact	neizogibno
inexcusable	neizprosno
inexhaustible	neizčrpen
inexpensive	poceni
inexperience	neizkušenost
inexperienced	neizkušeni
inexplicable	nepojmljivo
inexpressible	neizrekljivo
infallibility	nepremostljivost
infallible	nepogrešljiv
infamous	zloglasni
infamy	sramota
infancy	otroštvo
infant	dojenček
infanticide	infanticide
infantile	infantilno
infantry	pehota
infarct	infarkt
infatuated	zaljubljen
infatuation	zaljubljenost
infeasible	neizvedljivo
infect	okužijo
infection	okužbe
infectious	nalezljiv
infer	sklepaj
inference	sklepanje
inferential	inferenčni
inferior	slabše
inferiority	inferiornost
infernal	Infernal
inferno	inferno
infertile	neploden
infertility	neplodnost
infestation	okužba
infidel	neupravičeno
infidelity	nezvestoba
infield	vhod
infiltrate	infiltrate
infiltration	infiltracija
infinite	neskončno
infinitely	neskončno
infinitesimal	neskončno manjše
infinity	neskončnost
infirm	slabost
infirmary	ambulanta
infirmity	slabost
inflammation	vnetje
inflammatory	vnetna
inflatable	napihljiv
inflate	napihne
inflated	napihnjen
inflation	inflacija
inflection	prepletanje
inflict	povzroči
infliction	inflacija
inflorescence	socvetje
influence	vpliva
influential	vplivno
influenza	gripa
influx	priliv
info	info
infomercial	infomercial
inform	obvesti
informal	neformalno
informant	informator
information	informacije
informative	informativno
informed	obveščeni
informer	informator
infraction	prekršek
infrared	infrardeči
infrastructure	infrastrukture
infrequent	redki
infrequently	redko
infringement	kršitev
infuriate	navijati
infuriated	jezen
infuriates	razbija
infuriating	jezna
infuse	vpij
infused	infused
infuser	infuzer
infusion	infuzija
ingenious	genialno
ingenuity	iznajdljivost
ingest	zaužiti
ingestion	zaužitje
ingot	ingot
ingrained	ukoreninjeni
ingrate	ingrate
ingredient	sestavina
ingress	vstop
inhabit	naseliti
inhabitant	prebivalec
inhabited	naseljena
inhabiting	naseljen
inhalation	vdihavanje
inhale	inhalirati
inhaler	inhalator
inherent	neločljivo
inherit	dediščino
inheritance	dedovanje
inhibit	zavirati
inhibition	inhibicija
inhibitor	inhibitor
inhospitable	neprijaznost
inhuman	nečloveško
inhumane	nečloveško
inhumanity	nečlovečnost
inimaginable	NO TRANSLATION
inimical	nemogoče
inimitable	neponovljiva
iniquity	krivdo
initial	začetno
initiate	začeti
initiated	začetek
initiation	začetek
initiative	pobude
inject	injicirajte
injection	injekcija
injunction	odredba
injure	poškodovati
injured	ranjenih
injuring	ranjenih
injurious	škodljiv
injury	poškodbe
injustice	nepravičnost
ink	črnilo
inkling	Inkling
inland	v notranjosti
inlay	vložek
inlet	dovod
inmate	zapornik
inn	gostilna
innards	dneve
innate	prirojena
inner	notranji
innermost	notranji
innerpeace	NO TRANSLATION
inning	inning
innings	innings
innkeeper	gostilničar
innocence	nedolžnost
innocent	nedolžen
innocently	nedolžno
innocuous	neškodljiv
innovate	inovacije
innovation	inovacije
innovative	inovativni
innuendo	innuendo
innumerable	nešteto
inoculation	inokulacija
inoperable	neuporabna
inoperative	neuspešno
inordinate	neutemeljeno
inorganic	anorganski
input	vnos
inquest	preiskovanje
inquire	vprašajte
inquirer	poizvedovalec
inquiring	povpraševanje
inquiry	povpraševanje
inquisitive	radoveden
inquisitor	inšpektor
insane	noro
insanity	norost
insatiable	nenasiten
inscription	napis
inscrutable	nespodobno
insect	žuželke
insecticide	insekticid
insecure	negotovo
insecurity	negotovost
insemination	oploditev
insensitive	neobčutljivo
inseparable	neločljivo
insert	vstavi
inserted	vstavi
insertion	vstavljanje
inside	znotraj
insider	notranji
insidious	pokvaren
insight	vpogled
insightful	vpogled
insignia	oznake
insignificance	nepomembno
insignificant	nepomembno
insinuate	namigovati
insipid	navaden
insist	vztrajati
insistence	vztrajanje
insistent	vztrajno
insists	vztraja
insolence	drznost
insolent	drzni
insoluble	nerešljiv
insolvency	insolventnost
insolvent	plačilno nesposoben
insomnia	nespečnost
insomniac	insomniac
inspect	preveri
inspection	pregled
inspector	inšpektor
inspiration	navdih
inspirational	navdihujoče
inspire	navdihni
inspired	navdihnjen
instability	nestabilnost
install	namestite
installation	namestitev
installment	obrok
instance	primer
instant	takoj
instantaneous	trenutno
instantaneously	takoj
instigate	spodbuditi
instigation	nagib
instill	vzpni
instinct	nagon
instinctive	instinktivno
institute	Inštitut
institution	institucija
instruct	navodila
instructed	poučeno
instruction	navodila
instructional	poučevanje
instructions	navodila
instructive	poučno
instructor	inštruktor
instrument	instrument
instrumental	instrumentalno
instrumentalist	instrumentalist
instrumentality	instrumentalnost
insubordination	nepokornost
insufferable	nepremagljiv
insufficiency	insuficience
insufficient	nezadostna
insufficiently	nezadostno
insular	otoška
insulate	izolirati
insulated	izoliran
insulation	izolacija
insulin	insulin
insult	žalitev
insulting	žalitev
insurance	zavarovanje
insure	zavarovati
insurgent	uporniško
insurmountable	nepremostljivo
insurrection	vstaje
intact	nedotaknjeno
intake	vnos
intangible	neopredmeten
integer	celo število
integral	integral
integrate	vključiti
integration	integracija
integrity	celovitost
intellect	intelekt
intellectual	intelektualca
intelligence	inteligenca
intelligent	inteligenten
intelligibility	razumljivost
intelligible	razumljiv
intend	nameravate
intended	namenjen
intending	nameravajo
intense	intenzivno
intensely	intenzivno
intensify	intenzivirati
intensity	intenzivnost
intensive	intenzivno
intent	Namen
intention	namen
intentional	namerno
intentionally	namerno
inter	inter
interact	interakcijo
interaction	interakcija
interactive	interaktivno
intercede	posreduj
intercept	prestreči
interception	prestrezanje
intercession	zastaranje
interchange	izmenjava
interchangeable	zamenljiv
interchanged	zamenjali
intercom	interkom
intercourse	spolni odnos
interdependence	medsebojna odvisnost
interdependent	soodvisni
interdiction	prepoved
interest	interes
interested	zainteresirani
interesting	zanimivo
interface	vmesnik
interfere	vmešavanje
interference	motnje
interferometer	interferometer
intergalactic	medgalaktični
interim	vmesni
interior	notranjost
interject	prepletati
interlocutory	začasno
interlude	interlude
intermediary	posrednik
intermediate	intermediat
interment	interment
interminable	neskončno
intermission	intervju
intermittent	občasno
intern	pripravnik
internal	notranji
internally	interno
international	mednarodni
internet	internet
internship	Pripravništvo
interoffice	interoffice
interpolate	interpolirati
interpolation	interpolacija
interpret	razlaga
interpretation	interpretacija
interpreter	tolmača
interpretive	interpretacija
interrelated	medsebojno povezana
interrogate	zaslišati
interrogation	zaslišanje
interrupt	prekiniti
interrupted	zmoten
interrupting	prekinitev
interruption	prekinitev
interrupts	prekine
intersect	sekajo
intersection	križišče
interstate	meddržavni
interstellar	medzvezdni
interstitial	intersticijski
interval	interval
intervene	intervencija
intervening	interveniranje
intervention	intervencija
interview	intervju
interviewer	anketar
interworking	medsebojno delo
intestate	intestate
intestinal	črevesje
intestine	črevesja
intestines	črevesja
intimacy	intimnost
intimate	intimno
intimately	intimno
intimation	intimacija
intimidate	ustrahovati
intimidated	ustrahoval
intimidating	zastrašujoče
intimidation	ustrahovanje
intolerable	nedopustno
intolerance	nestrpnost
intolerant	nestrpno
intonation	intonacija
intoxicated	opojno
intoxicating	opojno
intoxication	zastrupitev
intracranial	intrakranialna
intractable	nepremagljiv
intramural	intramuralno
intravenous	intravensko
intrepid	neutrudno
intricate	zapleteno
intrigue	intrigue
intriguing	zanimiv
intrinsic	notranja
intrinsically	samoumevno
intro	intro
introduce	uvesti
introduction	uvod
introductory	uvodno
introspection	introspekcija
introspective	introspektivno
intrude	vdiraj
intruder	vsiljivec
intrusion	vdor
intrusive	vsiljiv
intubation	intubacija
intuition	intuicija
intuitive	intuitiven
intuitively	intuitivno
inundation	poplave
invade	napadel
invader	napadalec
invalid	neveljaven
invalidate	razveljaviti
invalidation	razveljavitev
invalidity	invalidnost
invaluable	neprecenljivo
invariably	vedno
invasion	invazija
invasive	invazivni
invent	Izumiti
invention	izum
inventive	inventivno
inventor	izumitelj
inventory	popis
inverse	inverzna
inversely	obratno
inversion	inverzija
invert	invertiraj
inverted	obrnjen
invest	vlagati
investigate	raziskati
investigation	preiskavo
investigative	preiskovalni
investigator	raziskovalec
investment	naložbe
investor	investitor
invidious	neviden
invigorate	oživijo
invincible	nepremagljiv
invisibility	nevidnost
invisible	neviden
invitation	vabilo
invite	povabite
inviting	vabi
invocation	poziv
invoice	račun
invoke	sklicujte se
involuntary	neprostovoljno
involution	involution
involve	vključujejo
involvement	vpletenost
invulnerable	neranljiv
inwards	navznoter
iodine	jod
ion	ion
iota	iota
irate	Grozno
ire	NO TRANSLATION
iridescent	Mavrični
iris	iris
irked	irked
irks	irks
iron	železo
ironclad	ironclad
ironic	ironično
irons	likalniki
irony	ironija
irradiation	obsevanje
irrational	iracionalno
irrationality	iracionalnost
irreconcilable	nezdružljivo
irreducible	ni mogoče
irrefutable	neizpodbitno
irregular	nepravilno
irregularity	nepravilnost
irregularly	nepravilno
irrelevant	nepomemben
irreparable	nepopravljivo
irreplaceable	nenadomestljiv
irrepressible	nezadržljiv
irresistible	neustavljivo
irrespective	ne glede na to
irresponsible	neodgovorno
irreverent	nepopustljiv
irreversible	nepopravljivo
irrevocable	nepreklicno
irrigate	namakanje
irrigation	namakanje
irritability	razdražljivost
irritable	razdražljiv
irritate	draži
irritated	razdraženi
irritates	draži
irritating	draži
irritation	draženje
island	otok
isle	otok
islet	otoček
isolate	izolirati
isolated	izolirani
isolation	izolacija
isomorphism	izomorfizem
isothermal	izotermičen
isotope	izotop
issue	težava
itch	srbenje
itching	srbenje
itchy	srbeč
item	predmet
itemize	razčleniti
items	predmetov
iterate	ponoviti
iteration	ponovitev
iterative	iterativno
itinerant	potujoče
itinerary	itinerar
ivory	slonovine
jab	jab
jabber	jabber
jack	jack
jackal	Šakal
jackass	grdo
jacket	jakno
jackhammer	jackhammer
jackpot	jackpot
jackrabbit	jackrabbit
jacks	gonilniki
jade	Žad
jaded	zalezoval
jag	NO TRANSLATION
jagged	jagged
jaguar	jaguar
jail	zapora
jailbird	jailbird
jailbreak	jailbreak
jailer	jailer
jailhouse	jailhouse
jalopy	jalopy
jam	džem
jamboree	jamboree
jammed	zagozden
jammer	Jammer
janitor	domišljavec
janitorial	janitorial
japan	Japonska
jar	jar
jargon	žargon
jarhead	jarhead
jarring	jarring
jasmine	jasmin
jasper	jasper
jaundice	zlatenica
jaunt	jaunt
java	java
javelin	javelin
jaw	čeljust
jawbone	čeljust
jaws	čeljusti
jay	jay
jazz	jazz
jazzy	jazzy
jealous	ljubosumen
jealousy	ljubosumje
jean	jean
jeans	kavbojke
jeep	džip
jeering	jeering
jelly	žele
jellybean	žele bonbon
jellyfish	meduz
jenny	jenny
jeopardize	ogroziti
jeopardy	nevarnost
jerk	kreten
jerks	kreteni
jerky	kreten
jersey	dres
jest	NO TRANSLATION
jester	šupak
jesus	Jezus
jet	jet
jetty	pomol
jewel	dragulj
jeweler	draguljar
jewelry	nakit
jib	jib
jiff	NO TRANSLATION
jiffy	Jiffy
jig	jig
jiggle	jiggle
jigsaw	sestavljanke
jihad	džihad
jimmy	Jimmy
jingle	jingle
jinx	jinx
jitters	jitters
jittery	Jittery
jive	Žive
job	delo
jobinterview	NO TRANSLATION
jock	jock
jockey	jockey
jockstrap	jockstrap
jog	jog
jogger	jogger
john	John
join	Pridružite se
joined	pridružil
joining	pridruži se
joint	sklep
jointly	skupaj
joke	Šala
joker	Joker
joking	šala
jolly	veselo
jolt	sunek
jornada	NO TRANSLATION
jot	jot
jour	NO TRANSLATION
journal	revija
journalism	novinarstvo
journalist	novinarka
journalistic	novinarsko
journey	potovanje
journeyman	potovalec
joust	joust
jovial	Jovial
joy	veselje
joyful	veselo
joyous	veselo
joyride	veselje
joys	radosti
jubilant	veselo
jubilee	jubilej
judge	sodnik
judged	ocenili
judging	presojanje
judgment	obsodba
judgmental	presojanje
judicial	sodni
judiciary	sodstvo
judicious	razumno
judo	judo
jug	jug
juggle	žonglirati
juggler	žongler
juggling	žongliranje
jugular	jugular
juice	sok
juicer	sokovnik
juicy	sočno
juju	NO TRANSLATION
juke	juke
jukebox	jukebox
jumble	skakanje
jumbled	zmeden
jumbo	jumbo
jump	skok
jump rope	kolebnica
jumper	skakalec
jumpsuit	jumpsuit
jumpy	neumno
junction	križišče
juncture	križišče
jungle	džunglo
junior	mlajši
juniper	brina
junk	junk
junket	junket
junkie	narkoman
junky	junky
junkyard	smetišče
junta	junta
juridical	pravno
jurisdiction	jurisdikcija
jurisprudence	sodna praksa
jurist	pravnik
juror	porotnik
jury	žirija
justice	pravičnost
justifiable	upravičeno
justification	utemeljitev
justify	upravičiti
juststop	NO TRANSLATION
justthebeginning	NO TRANSLATION
jute	juta
juvenile	mladostnik
juxtaposition	juxtaposition
kaiser	kaiser
kale	kale
kaleidoscope	kaleidoskop
kamikaze	kamikaze
kangaroo	kenguru
kanji	kanji
kappa	kappa
kaput	NO TRANSLATION
karaoke	karaoke
karate	karate
karma	karma
karmic	karmic
kayak	kajak
kazoo	kazoo
kebab	kebab
keel	keel
keen	navdušeni
keep	obdrži
keeper	imetnik
keeping	vzdrževanje
keepsake	obdrži
keg	keg
kelp	kelp
ken	ken
kennel	psarna
kerchief	maramica
kern	kern
kernel	jedro
kerosene	kerozin
ketchup	ketchup
kettle	Grelnik vode
key	ključ
keyboard	tipkovnico
keyed	zaklenjeno
keyhole	ključavnica
keynote	keinote
keypad	tipkovnico
keystone	keystone
keyword	ključna beseda
khaki	kaki
khan	Khan
kibble	kibble
kick	kick
kickboxing	kickboxing
kicker	kicker
kicking	brcni
kickoff	zacetek
kid	fant
kidder	morilec
kidding	šaliti se
kiddo	kiddo
kiddos	kiddos
kidnap	ugrabitev
kidnapped	ugrabljena
kidnapper	ugrabitelj
kidnapping	ugrabitev
kidney	ledvice
kids	otroci
kill	ubiti
killer	morilec
killing	ubijanje
killjoy	killjoy
kiln	peči
kilo	NO TRANSLATION
kilogram	kilogram
kilometer	kilometer
kilt	Kilt
kimono	kimono
kin	bin
kind	vrste
kindergarten	vrtec
kindling	vžigalnik
kindness	prijaznost
kindred	sorodniki
kinematics	kinematika
kinesiology	kineziologija
kinetic	kinetična
king	kralj
king snake	kraljevska kača
kingdom	kraljestvo
kingpin	kraljica
kink	kink
kinky	Odporen
kinship	kinship
kiosk	kiosk
kirk	kirk
kiss	poljub
kisser	poljubi
kissy	kissy
kit	komplet
kitchen	kuhinja
kite	zmaj
kitten	mucka
kiwi	kiwi
klutz	klutz
knack	Užitek
knapsack	Racket
knead	oblikovati
knee	koleno
kneecap	kneecap
kneel	kleči
kneeling	kleče
knell	knell
knick	Nič
knickers	pletenice
knife	nož
knight	vitez
knighthood	Vitez
knit	plesti
knob	gumb
knock	udaril
knockoff	prenehati
knockout	knock out
knoll	knoll
knot	vozel
knots	vozli
knotted	vozlani
know	vem
knowing	vedeti
knowingly	zavestno
knowledge	znanje
knowledgeable	dobro vedeti
knuckle	knuckle
knucklehead	Knucklehead
knuckles	Knuckles
koala	koala
kook	NO TRANSLATION
kooky	Kooky
kool-aid	kool-aid
kos	kos
kosher	kosher
kraut	NO TRANSLATION
kris	kris
kryptonite	kriptonit
kudos	kudos
kumquat	kumquat
lab	laboratorij
label	oznaka
labor	porod
laboratory	laboratorij
labored	težko
laborer	delavec
laboring	delo
laborious	težko
labyrinth	labirint
lac	lac
lace	čipke
laceration	laceration
lack	pomanjkanje
lackey	lackey
lacking	pomanjkanje
lackluster	nejasen
lacquer	lak
lacrosse	lacrosse
lactose	laktoza
lad	fant
ladder	lestev
laddie	Laddie
laden	obremenjeno
lading	tovor
ladle	lonček
lady	gospa
lady bug	NO TRANSLATION
ladybug	ladybug
ladylike	Žalosten
ladyship	Ladyship
lag	zaostajanje
lager	NO TRANSLATION
lagging	zaostajajo
lagoon	laguna
lair	Lair
laity	laika
lake	jezero
lama	NO TRANSLATION
lamb	jagnjetina
lame	hromi
lament	lament
lamenting	Žalosten
lamina	lamina
laminated	laminiran
lamp	svetilka
lamppost	ulična svetilka
lance	koplje
lancer	Lancer
land	zemljišče
landed	pristal
landfall	pristanek
landfill	odlagališče
landing	pristanek
landlady	gospodinja
landlocked	na kopnem
landlord	najemodajalec
landmark	mejnik
lands	zemljišč
landscape	pokrajina
landscaping	urejanje krajine
landslide	zemeljski plaz
lane	Lane
language	jezik
languid	Slabo
languish	Languish
languishing	gnusno
lanky	lanky
lantern	svetilka
lap	krog
lapdog	Lapdog
lapel	rever
lapse	zastaranje
lapsed	zastarelo
laptop	laptop
larceny	tatvine
lard	mast
larder	larder
large	velik
larger	večje
largo	NO TRANSLATION
lark	Lark
larva	larva
laryngitis	laringitis
larynx	larinks
lasagna	lasagna
laser	laser
lash	trepalnice
lass	Lass
lasso	lasso
lastday	NO TRANSLATION
lasting	trajne
lastminute	Zadnja minuta
latch	zapah
late	pozen
lateness	zakasnitev
latent	latenten
lateral	bočna
laterally	stransko
latex	lateks
lathe	stružnica
lather	Pern
latitude	zemljepisna širina
latrine	latrine
latrines	toaletne potrebščine
latte	latte
lattice	mreža
laud	hvala
laudable	hvalevreden
laudation	pohvale
laudatory	pohvalno
laugh	smeh
laughable	smešno
laughing	smeh
laughingstock	NO TRANSLATION
laughs	smeh
laughter	smeh
launch	kosilo
launcher	lansirnik
launches	začenja
launder	pranje
laundering	pranje
laundry	perilo
laureate	nagrajenec
laurel	lovor
laurels	lovorike
lava	lava
lavage	lavage
lavatory	stranišče
lavender	lavender
lavish	razkošno
law	zakon
lawful	zakonito
lawless	brez zakonca
lawlessness	brezpravja
lawman	lawman
lawn	travnik
lawnmower	kosilnica
lawsuit	tožba
lawyer	odvetnik
lax	lax
laxative	laksativ
lay	ležati
layaway	odpuščanje
layer	plast
layered	slojevito
layman	laik
layout	postavitev
layover	layover
laziness	lenost
lazy	len
lazyday	NO TRANSLATION
lea	lea
lead	svinec
leaded	vodil
leader	vodja
leadership	vodstvo
leading	vodil
leads	vodi
leaf	list
leaflet	letak
leafy	listnato
league	liga
leak	puščanje
leakage	puščanje
leaky	uhajanje
lean	vitka
leaned	naslonil
leaning	naslonjen
leap	preskok
learn	učiti se
learned	naučili
learner	učenec
learning	učenje
lease	zakup
leash	povodec
leather	usnje
leathery	Usnjen
leave	dopust
leavemealone	pusti me pri miru
leaving	odhod
lecherous	razburljivo
lecture	predavanje
lecturer	predavatelj
ledge	polica
ledger	knjiga
lee	lee
leech	pijavka
leeches	pijavke
leer	NO TRANSLATION
leery	poškodovan
lees	NO TRANSLATION
leeway	prosti čas
left	levo
leftout	NO TRANSLATION
leftover	ostanek
leftovers	ostanki
lefty	lefty
leg	nog
legacy	zapuščina
legal	pravno
legality	zakonitost
legalize	legalizirati
legalized	legalizirano
legally	zakonito
legend	legenda
legendary	legendarni
legibility	čitljivost
legible	čitljivo
legion	legija
legislate	zakonodajo
legislation	legalizacija
legislative	zakonodajno
legislator	zakonodajalec
legislature	zakonodajalca
legit	legit
legitimacy	legitimnost
legitimate	legitimno
lego	Lego
legs	nog
legume	stročnica
legwork	legwork
leisure	prosti čas
leisurely	lagodno
lemma	lemma
lemon	limona
lemonade	limonada
lend	posojati
lender	posojilodajalec
lending	posojanje
length	dolžina
lengthen	podaljša
lengthened	podaljšano
lengthening	podaljšanje
lengthwise	po dolžini
lengthy	dolgotrajno
leniency	prizanesljivost
lenient	Blažje
lens	objektiv
leopard	Leopard
leotard	Leotard
leper	gobavec
leprechaun	leprechaun
leprosy	gobavost
lesbian	lezbijka
lesbianism	lezbijk
lesion	lezija
less	manj
lessee	najemnik
lessen	zmanjšati
lessening	zmanjšanje
lesser	manj
lesson	lekcijo
lessor	najemodajalec
let	pusti
lethal	smrtonosno
lethargic	Letargičnost
lethargy	letargija
letter	pismo
lettered	črka
letterhead	pisma
lettering	črka
letters	črke
lettuce	zelena solata
leukemia	levkemija
levee	nasipa
level	ravni
lever	vzvod
leverage	vzvod
levitate	levitate
levy	dajatev
lewd	neumni
lexicon	leksikon
ley	NO TRANSLATION
liabilities	obveznosti
liability	odgovornost
liable	odgovoren
liaison	povezava
liar	lažnivec
libel	Kleveta
libelous	klevetni
liberal	liberalni
liberalism	liberalizem
liberate	osvoboditi
liberated	osvobojeno
liberating	osvoboditev
liberation	osvoboditev
liberty	svobodo
libido	libido
librarian	knjižničar
library	knjižnica
libretto	libreto
lice	uši
license	licenco
lichen	lišaj
lick	lizati
licorice	sladkarije
lid	pokrov
lie	laž
liege	liege
lien	zaseg
lieu	laž
lieutenant	poročnik
life	življenje
lifeblood	življenjska sila
lifeboat	rešilni čoln
lifeguard	reševalec iz vode
lifeisgood	življenje je dobro
lifeless	brez življenja
lifelike	živahno
lifeline	življenjska doba
lifelong	vse življenje
lifer	življenje
lifesaver	lifesaver
lifestyle	življenjski slog
lifesucks	življenje je bedno
lifetime	življenska doba
lift	dvig
lifted	dvignejo
liftoff	dvigalo
ligament	ligament
ligation	ligation
ligature	ligatura
light	svetloba
light year	svetlobno leto
lightbulb	žarnica
lighten	osvetliti
lightheaded	lahkomiseln
lighthouse	svetilnik
lighting	razsvetljava
lightness	lahkotnost
lightning	strela
lights	luči
lightweight	lahek
likable	Lepo
like	podobno
likelihood	verjetnost
likely	verjetno
likeness	podobnost
likewise	prav tako
liking	Všeč mi je
lilac	lila
lily	Lily
limb	okončina
limber	limba
limbo	limbo
lime	apno
limelight	v središču pozornosti
limestone	apnenec
limey	Limey
limit	omejitev
limitation	omejitev
limited	omejeno
limitless	brezmejna
limo	limuzina
limousine	limuzina
limp	limp
lin	lin
line	line
lineage	rodu
lineal	linearno
linear	linearno
linebacker	linebacker
lined	obložene
linen	perilo
liner	podloga
lines	linije
lineup	poravnaj
linger	Počakajte
lingerie	perilo
lingering	dolgotrajno
lingo	Lingo
lingual	jezikovno
linguini	linguini
linguist	jezikoslovec
linguistic	jezikovno
linguistics	jezikoslovje
lining	obloga
link	povezavo
linoleum	linolej
lint	lint
lion	lev
lip	ustnica
liposuction	liposukcija
lipstick	šminka
liquefaction	utekočinjanje
liquefied	utekočinjen
liqueur	liker
liquid	tekočina
liquidate	likvidirati
liquidation	likvidacija
liquidator	likvidator
liquidity	likvidnost
liquor	liker
lira	NO TRANSLATION
lisp	lisp
list	seznam
listen	Poslušaj
listener	poslušalca
listenting	NO TRANSLATION
listing	seznam
listless	listless
listneing	NO TRANSLATION
litany	litany
liter	liter
literacy	pismenost
literal	dobesedno
literally	dobesedno
literary	literarni
literature	literatura
lithe	lithe
lithium	litij
lithograph	litografija
lithography	litografija
lithology	litologija
lithosphere	litosfera
litigant	tožilec
litigate	litigate
litigation	sodni postopek
litigator	litigator
litigious	pravdni
litter	leglo
little	malo
littlethings	majhne stvari
littoral	obalni
liturgy	liturgija
live	v živo
livelife	živi življenje
livelihood	preživljanje
lively	živahno
liven	Živi
liver	jetra
livery	livery
livestock	živino
livid	LIVE
living	živeti
lizard	kuščar
llama	lama
lml	lml
load	obremenitev
loader	nakladač
loaf	hlebec
loafer	mulja
loam	ilovnata
loan	posojilo
loath	nezadovoljstvo
loathe	prezirati
loathful	grdo
loathing	Odsotnost
loathsome	Grozljivo
lobby	lobby
lobbyist	lobist
lobe	lobanj
lobotomy	lobotomija
lobster	jastog
local	lokalno
locale	locale
locality	kraj
localization	lokalizacija
localize	lokalizirati
localized	lokaliziran
locate	poiščite
location	lokacija
locator	lokator
loch	loch
lock	zaklepanje
locker	omarica
locket	omarica
locksmith	Ključavničar
lockup	zakleniti
loco	loco
locomotion	lokomotiva
locomotive	lokomotiva
locust	kobilica
lode	NO TRANSLATION
lodge	hišo
lodger	podizvajalec
lodging	vložitev
loft	podstrešje
lofty	vzvišeno
log	dnevnik
logarithm	logaritem
logarithmic	logaritmično
logic	logika
logical	logično
logistics	logistika
logo	logotip
logotype	logotip
loin	NO TRANSLATION
lollipop	Lizika
lone	Sam
loneliness	Osamljenost
lonely	osamljen
loner	samotarja
lonesome	osamljen
long	dolga
longboat	longboat
longevity	dolgoživost
longing	hrepenenje
longitude	dolžina
longitudinal	vzdolžni
longitudinally	vzdolžno
longtime	dolgo časa
loo	loo
look	poglej
looker	gledalec
lookout	pazi
loom	statve
looming	grozno
loon	Loon
loony	Loony
loop	zanke
loophole	vrzel
loopy	zanič
loose	ohlapna
loosen	popustite
loosening	sproščanje
loot	plen
lop	lop
lopsided	Lopsided
lord	Gospod
lords	Gospodje
lordship	Gospodarstvo
lore	lore
lorry	tovornjak
lose	izgubi
loser	zguba
losing	izgublja
loss	izguba
lost	izgubljen
lot	lot
lotion	losjon
lots	veliko
lottery	loterija
lotto	loto
lotus	lotus
loud	glasno
loudly	glasno
loudmouth	Loudmouth
loudness	glasnost
loudspeaker	zvočnik
lounge	bivalni prostor
lounging	lounging
louse	Vaza
lousy	Slabo
lovable	ljubi
love	ljubezen
loved	Ljubil sem
lovee	Ljubezen
loveee	Ljubica
loveless	brez ljubezni
lovelife	NO TRANSLATION
loveliness	lepota
lovelovelove	NO TRANSLATION
lovely	lepo
lovemaking	ljubezen
lovemylife	NO TRANSLATION
lover	ljubimec
lovesick	ljubezen
lovethis	ljubim to
loving	ljubezni
lovinglife	ljubezni
lovinlife	lovinlife
low	nizka
lowdown	nizkotonec
lower	nižje
lowering	znižanje
lowest	najnižja
lowlands	nižine
lowlife	nizko življenje
lowly	nizko
lox	lox
loyal	zvest
loyalty	zvestoba
lsd	lsd
luau	luau
lube	lube
lubricant	mazivo
lubricate	mazati
lubrication	mazanje
lucid	lucidna
luck	Sreča
luckiest	Najsrečnejši
lucky	srečen
luckygirl	Srečnica
lucrative	donosen
ludicrous	smešno
lug	lug
luggage	prtljaga
lukewarm	mlačen
lull	zaspani
lullaby	Uspavanka
lumbar	lumbalna
lumber	les
lumbering	drgetanje
lumberjack	lumberjack
luminescent	luminescent
luminous	svetlobno
lump	kosilo
lumpy	grudast
lunacy	Lunacy
lunar	Lunarni
lunatic	ludak
lunch	kosilo
lunchbox	škatla s kosilom
luncheon	kosilo
lunchtime	čas za kosilo
lung	pljuča
lunge	potopite
lungs	pljuča
lurch	lurch
lure	privabiti
lurid	lurid
lurk	lurk
lurking	lurking
luscious	slasten
lush	bujna
lust	poželenje
luster	luster
lustful	Pohoten
lustrous	sijajno
lusty	Lusty
lute	lutnja
luxuriant	razkošno
luxurious	luksuzno
luxury	razkošje
lycra	lycra
lye	luž
lying	laž
lymph	limfa
lymphatic	limfni
lymphoma	limfom
lynch	Linč
lynching	Linching
lynx	ris
lyre	lyre
lyric	lirika
lyrical	lirsko
lyrics	lyrics
macadamia	makadamija
macarena	makarena
macaroni	makaroni
mace	mace
mach	mach
machete	machete
machine	stroj
machinery	stroji
machinist	strojar
macho	mačo
mackerel	skuša
macro	makro
mad	jezen
madam	gospa
madame	gospa
madden	norec
madder	Madder
mademoiselle	NO TRANSLATION
mademyday	polepšalo mi je dan
madhouse	Lahka hiša
madman	norca
madness	norost
maestro	maestro
mafia	mafija
magazine	revija
mage	mage
magenta	magenta
maggot	maggot
magic	magija
magical	čarobno
magician	čarovnik
magistrate	magistrata
magma	magma
magna	magna
magnate	magnat
magnesium	magnezij
magnet	magnet
magnetic	magnetno
magnetism	magnetizem
magnetite	magnetit
magnification	povečava
magnificence	veličastnost
magnificent	veličasten
magnifier	povečevalec
magnify	povečaj
magnifying	povečava
magnitude	velikost
magnolia	magnolija
magpie	magpie
mahi mahi	NO TRANSLATION
mahjong	mahjong
mahogany	mahagoni
maid	služkinja
maiden	deklica
mail	pošta
mailbox	poštni predal
mailing	pošta
mailman	poštar
maim	NO TRANSLATION
main	glavni
mainframe	mainframe
mainland	kopno
mainstay	temelj
mainstream	mainstream
maintain	vzdrževati
maintenance	vzdrževanje
majestic	veličastno
majesty	Veličastnost
major	Major
majority	večino
make	naredi
makeover	preobrazba
maker	ustvarjalec
makeshift	zasilno
makesmehappy	NO TRANSLATION
makesmemad	NO TRANSLATION
makeup	pobotati se
makingdisciples	NO TRANSLATION
malady	bolezen
malaise	slabo počutje
malaria	malarija
malarkey	malarkey
male	moški
malevolent	zlonamerno
malfeasance	zlorabe
malformation	malformacija
malfunction	motnja
malice	NO TRANSLATION
malicious	zlonamerno
malign	maligna
malignancy	malignosti
malignant	maligni
maligned	maligned
mall	center
malleable	voljno
mallet	kladivo
malnutrition	podhranjenost
malpractice	zloraba
malt	slad
mama	mama
mambo	mambo
mamma	NO TRANSLATION
mammal	sesalec
mammoth	mamut
mammy	mamica
man	človek
manage	upravljati
manageable	obvladljiv
management	upravljanje
manager	manager
managerial	vodstveni
mandamus	mandamus
mandarin	mandarin
mandate	mandat
mandatory	obvezno
mandible	mandibula
mandolin	mandolin
mandrel	trn
mane	NO TRANSLATION
maneuver	manever
maneuvering	manevriranje
mange	NO TRANSLATION
manger	jajca
mangle	mangle
mango	mango
mangosteen	mangosteen
mangy	Mangy
manhole	jahanje
manhood	moškost
manhunt	Manhunt
mania	manija
maniac	manijak
maniacal	maniakal
manic	manično
manicure	manikura
manicurist	manikir
manifest	manifest
manifestation	manifestacija
manifested	se kaže
manifestly	očitno
manifesto	manifest
manifold	kolektor
manipulate	manipulirati
manipulation	manipulacija
manipulative	manipulativno
mankind	človeštvo
manly	moški
manna	manna
manned	osebje
mannequin	manekenka
manner	način
mannered	navdušeni
manners	načini
manor	dvorec
manpower	delovna sila
mansion	dvorec
mansions	dvorci
manslaughter	uboj
mantel	mantel
mantis	mantis
mantle	plašč
mantra	mantra
manual	priročnik
manufacture	proizvodnjo
manufacturer	proizvajalca
manufacturing	proizvodnja
manure	gnoj
manuscript	rokopis
map	zemljevid
maple	javor
mar	mar
marathon	maraton
marble	marmorja
marbled	marmoriran
marbles	frnikole
march	marš
mare	NO TRANSLATION
margarine	margarin
margarita	margarita
margin	marža
marginal	obrobno
mariachi	mariachi
marijuana	marihuana
marinara	marinara
marine	morje
mariner	mariner
marital	zakonska zveza
maritime	pomorski
mark	označite
marked	označeno
marker	označevalec
market	trg
marketable	tržno
marketing	trženje
marketplace	trg
marks	oznake
marksman	strelca
marksmanship	rokomet
marl	marl
marmalade	marmelada
maroon	bordo
marooned	marooned
marquee	marquee
marquis	marquis
marred	Married
marriage	zakon
married	poročen
marrow	srce
marry	poroči se
marsh	močvirje
marshal	maršal
marshmallow	marshmallow
mart	mart
martial	borilno
martingale	martingale
martini	martini
martyr	mučenik
martyrdom	mučeništvo
marvel	čudite
marvellous	čudovito
marvelous	čudovito
marvelously	čudovito
marzipan	NO TRANSLATION
mascara	maskara
mascot	maskota
masculine	moški
masculinity	moškost
mash	kaša
mashed	pire
mask	maska
masked	prikriti
masks	maske
masochism	mazohizem
masochist	mazohist
mason	mason
masquerade	maskara
mass	masa
massacre	pokol
massage	sporočilo
masses	mase
masseur	maser
masseuse	maserka
massive	ogromno
mast	jambor
master	mojster
masterful	mojstrsko
mastermind	Načrtovalec
masterpiece	mojstrovina
mastery	mojstrstvo
masturbate	masturbirati
masturbation	masturbacija
mat	mat
matador	matador
match	tekmo
matchbook	tekmovalec
matching	ujemanje
matchmaker	tekmovalec
mate	mate
material	material
materialism	materializem
materialist	materialist
materialistic	materialistično
materiality	materialnost
materialize	materializirati
materially	materialno
materials	materialov
materiel	material
maternal	materni
maternity	materinstvo
math	matematika
mathematical	matematično
mathematician	matematik
mathematics	matematika
matinee	Matinee
mating	parjenje
matriculation	matriko
matrimony	zakon
matrix	matrika
matron	matron
matted	ročno
matter	zadevo
matting	roza
mattress	žimnico
maturation	zorenje
mature	zrel
maturity	Zrelost
maudlin	maudlin
mausoleum	mavzolej
mauve	blato
maverick	Maverick
maxim	maxim
maximize	povečati
maximum	največja
may	lahko
mayday	mayday
mayflower	mayflower
mayhem	Zločin
mayonnaise	majoneza
mayor	župan
maze	labirint
mead	medveda
meadow	travnik
meager	skromno
meal	obrok
mean	pomeni
meander	meander
meandering	meandering
meanie	Meanie
meaning	pomen
meaningful	smiselno
meaningless	Brez pomena
meanness	pomanjkanje
means	sredstva
meantime	Medtem
measles	ošpice
measurable	merljivi
measure	ukrep
measured	merjeno
measurement	merjenje
measuring	meriti
measuring cup	posoda za merjenje
measuring tape	merilni trak
meat	meso
meatball	meso
meathead	meso
meatloaf	mesno meso
mechanic	mehanik
mechanical	mehansko
mechanics	mehanike
mechanism	mehanizem
med	NO TRANSLATION
medal	medalja
medallion	medaljon
medallist	medaljo
meddle	Meddle
meddling	mešanje
media	mediji
medial	srednji
median	mediana
mediate	posredovati
mediation	mediacija
mediator	mediator
medic	medic
medical	medicinski
medicate	zdraviti
medication	zdravila
medicinal	zdravilni
medicine	zdravila
medieval	srednjeveški
mediocre	povprečen
mediocrity	povprečnost
meditate	Meditirajte
meditating	meditiranje
meditation	meditacija
meditative	meditativno
mediterranean	mediteransko
medium	srednje
medley	medley
meek	krotko
meet	srečati
meeting	srečanje
mega	mega
meh	meh
melancholic	melanholični
melancholy	melanholija
melee	g
mellow	mellow
melodious	melodično
melodrama	melodrama
melodramatic	melodramatično
melody	melodijo
melon	melona
melt	talini
meltdown	stopiti
melting	taljenje
member	član
membership	članstvo
membrane	membrana
memento	memento
memo	obvestilo
memoir	memoir
memorabilia	spominke
memorable	nepozabno
memorandum	memorandum
memorial	spomenik
memorials	spomeniki
memories	spomini
memoriesiwontforget	NO TRANSLATION
memorize	Zapomni si
memory	spomin
menace	nevarnost
menacing	grozljiv
menagerie	menagerie
mend	popravi
mending	popravljanje
menial	menial
meningitis	meningitis
meniscus	meniskus
menopause	menopavza
menses	menstruacije
menstrual	menstrualni
mental	duševno
mentalhealth	NO TRANSLATION
mentality	mentaliteta
menthol	mentol
mention	omeniti
mentor	mentor
menu	meni
meow	mijav
mercantile	merkantilni
mercenary	plačancev
merchandise	trgovsko blago
merchant	trgovec
merciful	milostiv
merciless	nemilost
mercurial	mercurial
mercury	živo srebro
mercy	milost
mere	Samo
merengue	merengue
merge	združiti
merger	združitev
meridian	poldnevnik
meridional	meridian
meringue	Meringue
merit	zasluga
meritorious	zaslužna
mermaid	sirena
merriment	Veselost
merry	vesel
merrychristmas	NO TRANSLATION
mesa	mesa
mescaline	meskalin
mesh	mreža
meshes	očesa
mesmerized	mesmeriziran
mess	nered
message	sporočilo
messedup	NO TRANSLATION
messenger	messenger
messiah	Mesija
messy	grdo
metabolic	metabolični
metabolism	metabolizem
metal	kovinski
metallic	kovinski
metallurgy	metalurgija
metamorphosis	metamorfoza
metaphor	metafora
metaphorical	metaforično
metaphysical	metafizično
metaphysics	metafizika
metastasis	metastaze
meteor	meteor
meteoric	meteorično
meteorite	meteorit
meteorological	meteorološki
meteorology	meteorologija
meter	meter
meth	meth
methadone	metadon
methane	metana
methanol	metanol
method	metoda
methodical	metodično
methodology	metodologija
meticulous	natančno
metime	metime
metric	meritev
metrical	metrično
metrology	meroslovje
metropolis	metropola
metropolitan	metropolitan
mettle	mettle
mew	mew
mezzanine	mezzanin
mica	sljuda
mick	Mick
micro	mikro
microbe	mikroba
microbiology	mikrobiologija
microchip	mikročip
microcosm	mikrokosmos
microfilm	mikrofilm
microgram	mikrogram
micrometer	mikrometer
micron	mikron
microphone	mikrofon
microscope	mikroskop
microscopic	mikroskopsko
microscopically	mikroskopsko
microscopy	mikroskopija
microwave	mikrovalovna pečica
mid	sredi
midair	midair
midday	sreda
middle	sredi
middleman	posrednik
middleweight	srednja teža
midget	mali
midland	Midland
midlife	srednje življenje
midline	sredinska linija
midnight	polnoči
midshipman	midi
midst	sredi
midsummer	poletje
midterm	sredi
midtown	Midtown
midway	na sredini
midwife	babica
midwifery	babica
mien	NO TRANSLATION
miffed	miffed
mighty	mogočna
mignon	mignon
migraine	migrena
migrate	migrirajo
migration	migracije
migratory	migrator
mike	mike
mil	NO TRANSLATION
mild	blagi
mildew	plesni
mildness	blagost
mile	milje
mileage	kilometrine
milestone	mejnik
militant	militantno
militants	militantov
military	vojska
militia	milicija
milk	mleko
milkman	mlečnik
milkshake	milkshake
milky	mlečno mleko
mill	mlin
millennium	tisočletje
milligram	miligram
millimeter	milimeter
million	milijonov
millionaire	milijonar
millionth	milionitega
millstone	mlinski kamen
mime	mime
mimic	posnema
mimicking	posnemanje
mimicry	mimikrija
mince	sesalec
mincemeat	mincemeat
mind	um
minded	mislim
mindful	pozoren
mindfulness	pozornost
mindless	brezumno
mine	moj
minefield	minsko polje
miner	rudar
mineral	mineral
mineralogy	mineralogija
mingle	mešati
mingled	mešan
mini	mini
miniature	miniaturno
minibus	minibus
minim	NO TRANSLATION
minimal	minimalno
minimize	zmanjšati
minimized	zmanjšana
minimum	najmanj
mining	rudarstvo
minion	minion
minister	minister
ministerial	ministerial
ministry	ministrstvo
minivan	minivan
mink	mink
minnow	minnow
minor	manjša
minority	manjšina
minstrel	minstrel
mint	meta
minty	Minty
minuscule	minuscule
minute	minuto
minutiae	minioe
minx	minx
mir	NO TRANSLATION
miracle	čudež
miracles	čudeže
miraculous	čudežno
mirage	Mirige
mire	NO TRANSLATION
mirror	ogledalo
mirth	veselje
misappropriation	zlorabe
misbehave	neusmiljeno
misbehavior	nepravilno vedenje
miscalculation	napačno izračunavanje
miscarriage	spontani splav
miscellaneous	razno
miscellany	Različica
mischief	nagajivost
mischievous	hudobno
misconception	napačno razumevanje
misconduct	nepravilnost
misdemeanor	prekršek
misdirection	napačna usmeritev
miser	bedak
miserable	nesrečen
miserably	žalostno
misery	beda
misfire	neusmiljenje
misfit	neuspeli
misfortune	nesreča
misguided	NO TRANSLATION
mishap	nesreča
misinformed	napačno informiran
misinterpretation	napačna razlaga
mislead	zavajajo
misleading	zavajajoče
misled	zavedeni
mismanagement	slabo upravljanje
mismatch	neusklajenost
mismatched	neusklajeno
misnomer	napačno
misplace	napačno
misplaced	napačno
misread	napačno
misrepresent	napačna predstavitev
misrepresentation	napačna predstavitev
misrepresented	napačno predstavljen
miss	zgrešiti
missile	projektil
missiles	rakete
missing	pogrešam
missingyou	NO TRANSLATION
mission	poslanstvo
missionary	misijonar
misspell	misspell
misstatement	napačna navedba
missy	missy
mist	megla
mistake	napaka
mistaken	napačno
mister	gospod
mistletoe	Oma
mistreated	zlorabljen
mistress	ljubica
mistrial	mistrial
mistrust	nezaupanje
misty	megleno
misunderstand	napačno razumeti
misunderstanding	nesporazum
misunderstood	napačno razumljen
misuse	zloraba
mite	pršice
miter	miter
mitigate	ublažiti
mitigating	ublažitev
mitigation	ublažitev
mitt	mitt
mitten	NO TRANSLATION
mitzvah	mitzvah
mix	mešamo
mixed	mešano
mixedemotions	mešani občutki
mixer	mešalnik
mixture	mešanica
mnemonic	Mnemonik
moan	moan
moat	Ruta
mob	mob
mobile	mobilni
mobility	mobilnost
mobilization	mobilizacija
mobilize	mobilizirati
mobster	mobster
mocha	moka
mock	lažni
mocked	Razmetal se je
mockery	posmehovanje
mocking	zmešan
mockingbird	mockingbird
mod	mod
modal	modal
modality	modaliteta
mode	način
model	model
modeler	modeler
modeling	modeliranje
modem	modem
moderate	zmerno
moderate anticipation	zmerno pričakovanje
moderate disgust	zmerno gnusobo
moderate negative	zmerno negativno
moderate positive	zmerno pozitivno
moderate surprise	zmerno presenečenje
moderate trust	zmerno zaupanje
moderately	zmerno
moderating	moderiranje
moderation	zmernost
moderator	moderator
modern	moderno
modernism	modernizem
modest	skromno
modesty	skromnost
modicum	modikum
modifiable	spremenljiv
modification	sprememba
modified	spremenjeno
modify	spremenite
modulate	modulirati
modulation	modulacija
module	modul
modulus	modul
mogul	mogul
moiety	del
moist	vlažno
moisture	vlaga
moisturizer	vlažilec
molar	molar
molasses	melase
mold	plesen
molded	oblikovan
molding	oblikovanje
moldy	plesen
mole	mol
molecular	molekularno
molecule	molekula
molest	molest
molestation	zloraba
molester	molester
molten	staljeni
mom	mama
moment	trenutek
momentary	trenutno
momentous	Pomembno
momentum	zagon
momma	Momma
mommy	mami
monad	monad
monarch	monarh
monarchy	monarhija
monastery	samostan
monastic	samostan
monetary	denarno
money	denar
mongoloid	mongoloid
mongoose	mongoose
mongrel	mongrel
monitor	monitor
monk	menih
monkey	opica
mono	NO TRANSLATION
monochrome	enobarvno
monogamous	monogamna
monogamy	monogamija
monogram	monogram
monogrammed	monogramirano
monograph	monografija
monolayer	enoslojni
monolith	monolit
monologue	monolog
monopolist	monopolist
monopoly	monopol
monotonous	monotono
monotony	monotonija
monoxide	monoksida
monsieur	Monsieur
monsoon	monsun
monster	pošast
monstrosity	pošast
monstrous	pošastno
montage	montažo
monte	monte
month	mesec
monthly	mesečno
monument	spomenik
monumental	monumentalno
moo	moo
mooch	Mooch
mood	razpoloženje
moods	razpoloženja
moody	Moody
moon	luna
moonbeam	moonbeam
moonlight	mesečno svetlobo
moonlit	moonlit
moonshine	luna
moonstruck	moonstruck
moonwalk	moonwalk
moor	moor
moored	Privezan
mooring	privez
moorings	privezi
moorland	moorland
moose	losa
moot	moot
mooted	Ustrezno
mop	krpa
mope	Mope
moped	moped
moral	moralno
morale	morala
morality	moralo
morals	morale
morass	Morass
moratorium	moratorij
moray	moray
morbid	morbiden
morbidity	obolevnost
morbidness	morbidnost
mores	več
morgue	mrtvašnica
moribund	moribund
morn	Morn
morning	jutro
moron	moron
moronic	moronic
morose	mrzlo
morph	morf
morphine	morfij
morphism	morfizem
morphology	morfologija
morrow	jutri
morsel	zalijevati
mortal	smrtno
mortality	smrtnost
mortar	malta
mortgage	hipoteka
mortgagee	hipotekar
mortgagor	mortgagor
mortician	mrtvač
mortification	grozenje
mortified	Umrli
mortuary	mrtvašnica
mosaic	mozaik
mosey	mosey
mosque	mošeja
mosquito	komar
moss	mah
mossy	mossy
mote	NO TRANSLATION
motel	motel
moth	moljček
mother	mama
motherfucker	Jebemti
motherfucking	Jebemti
motherhood	materinstvo
motherland	domovina
motherless	brez mater
motherly	materni
motif	motiv
motion	gibanje
motionless	nepremostljiva
motivate	motivirati
motivating	motiviranje
motivation	motivacija
motivational	motivacijski
motive	motiv
motley	motley
motor	motor
motorbike	motorna kolesa
motorboat	motorni čoln
motorcade	motorna kolesa
motorcar	motorni avto
motorcycle	motorno kolo
motorist	avtomobilist
motte	motte
mottled	lisasta
motto	geslo
mould	plesen
mound	Mound
mount	Mount
mountain	gore
mountaineer	planinec
mountainous	gorsko
mountains	gore
mountaintop	vrh gore
mourn	žaluj
mournful	žalostno
mourning	žalovanje
mouse	miš
mousetrap	Mousetrap
mousse	Mousse
moustache	brki
mousy	Mousy
mouth	usta
mouthful	usta
mouthpiece	ustnik
mouthwash	ustna voda
movable	premično
move	Premakni se
movement	premikanje
mover	mover
movie	film
movies	filmov
moving	premikanje
movingforward	NO TRANSLATION
movingon	iti naprej
mow	Mow
mower	kosilnica
moxie	moxie
mozzarella	mozzarella
mri	mri
muchneeded	NO TRANSLATION
mucis	NO TRANSLATION
muck	Muck
mucked	mucked
mucous	sluz
mucus	sluz
mud	blato
muddle	Mucanje
muddled	muddled
muddy	blatno
muff	Muf
muffin	muffin
muffled	prigušen
muffler	glušnik
mug	vrč
mugger	mugger
mulberry	murva
mulch	mulč
mule	mula
mull	Mull
mullet	Mullet
multilateral	večstranski
multimedia	multimedija
multinational	večnacionalni
multiple	večkraten
multiple sclerosis	multipla skleroza
multiplex	multipleks
multiplication	množenje
multiplicity	množljivost
multiplied	pomnožili
multiplier	množitelj
multiply	pomnoži
multitude	množico
mum	mama
mumble	mumble
mumbo	mumbo
mummy	mumija
mumps	mumps
munch	Munch
munchies	munchies
munchkin	Munchkin
mundane	vsakdanjega
municipal	občinski
municipality	občina
mural	mural
murder	umor
murderer	morilec
murderess	umor
murderous	morilec
murky	Mračen
murmur	šumenje
muscle	mišice
muscular	mišični
muse	muz
muses	muse
museum	muzej
mush	NO TRANSLATION
mushroom	gob
mushy	kašasto
music	glasba
musical	glasbeni
musician	glasbenik
musing	mišljenje
musk	mošus
musket	musket
musketeer	musketeer
muskrat	muskrat
muslin	muslin
muss	NO TRANSLATION
must	moraš
mustang	mustang
mustard	gorčica
muster	zbiranje
musty	bedak
mutable	spremenljiv
mutant	mutant
mutate	mutiraj
mutation	mutacija
mute	nem
muted	izklopljen
mutilate	pohabljen
mutilated	pohabljen
mutilation	pohabljanje
mutiny	upor
mutt	mutt
mutter	NO TRANSLATION
mutton	ovčetina
mutual	medsebojno
mutually	medsebojno
muzzle	gobec
myfavorite	moj najljubši
myopia	miopija
myopic	kratkovidnost
myriad	nešteto
mysterious	skrivnostno
mystery	skrivnost
mystic	mistik
mystical	mistično
mysticism	mistika
mystified	mistiziran
mystique	mistika
myth	mit
mythic	mitično
mythical	mitično
mythological	mitološki
mythology	mitologija
nab	nab
nacho	nacho
nada	NO TRANSLATION
nadir	nadir
nag	NO TRANSLATION
nail	nohtov
nail gun	pištolo za nohte
naive	naiven
naked	gola
nakedness	golota
namaste	NO TRANSLATION
name	ime
named	imenovan
nameless	brez imena
namesake	imena
naming	poimenovanje
nana	nana
nanny	varuška
nanometer	nanometer
nap	dremež
napalm	napalm
nape	nape
napkin	prtiček
napping	dremanje
nappy	plenice
narcissism	narcizem
narcissist	narcisista
narcissistic	narcisoidi
narcotic	narkotik
narrate	narrat
narration	naracija
narrative	pripoved
narrator	pripovedovalec
narrow	ozek
narrowing	zožitev
nasal	nos
nascent	nastajajoč
nasty	grdo
natal	natal
nation	narod
national	nacionalno
nationality	državljanstvo
nationwide	na nacionalni ravni
native	domači
nativity	rojstvo
natural	naravno
natural gas	zemeljski plin
naturalist	naturalist
naturalization	naturalizacija
naturalized	naturaliziran
naturally	naravno
nature	narava
naught	nič
naughty	poredna
nausea	slabost
nauseate	pomirjati
nauseating	slabost
nauseous	slabost
nautical	navtični
nautilus	nautilus
naval	naval
nave	ladja
navel	popka
navigable	plovni
navigate	krmarite
navigation	navigacija
navigational	navigacijski
navigator	navigator
navy	mornarica
nay	NO TRANSLATION
nearsighted	bližnjice
neat	lepo
neatly	lepo
nebula	meglica
nebulae	meglice
nebulous	nebulozna
necessarily	nujno
necessary	potrebno
necessitate	zahtevati
necessities	potrebščine
necessity	nujnost
neck	vratu
necklace	ogrlica
necktie	kravato
necromancer	nekromancer
necrosis	nekroza
nectar	nektar
need	potreba
needalife	NO TRANSLATION
needed	potrebno
needful	potreben
needit	NO TRANSLATION
needle	igla
needlepoint	iglepoint
needles	igle
needless	nepotrebno
needtoknow	morati vedeti
needtorelax	NO TRANSLATION
needy	potrebujejo
nefarious	neumni
negation	negacija
negative	negativno
negativity	negativnost
neglect	zanemarjanje
neglected	zanemarjena
neglecting	zanemarjanje
negligee	negligee
negligence	malomarnost
negligent	malomaren
negligently	NO TRANSLATION
negligible	zanemarljiv
negotiable	pogajati
negotiate	pogajati se
negotiation	pogajanja
negotiator	pogajalca
negro	negro
neigh	sosed
neighbor	sosed
neighborhood	soseska
neighboring	sosednje
nemesis	nemesis
neon	neon
neonatal	novorojenček
neophyte	Neophyte
neoprene	neopren
nephew	nečak
nepotism	nepotizem
nerd	nerd
nerdy	nerdy
nerve	živec
nerves	živci
nervous	živčni
nervousness	živčnost
nervouswreck	NO TRANSLATION
nervy	NO TRANSLATION
ness	Ness
nest	gnezdo
nestle	nestle
nestling	gnezdenje
net	mreža
nether	nether
netting	mreženje
nettle	koprive
network	omrežje
networking	mreženje
neural	nevronski
neuralgia	nevralgija
neurological	nevrološki
neurologist	nevrolog
neurology	nevrologija
neurosis	nevroza
neurosurgeon	nevrokirurg
neurosurgery	nevrokirurgija
neurotic	nevrotično
neuter	srednji
neutral	nevtralen
neutrality	nevtralnost
neutralize	nevtralizirati
neutron	nevtron
new	novo
new age	nova starost
newbeginnings	NO TRANSLATION
newborn	novorojenček
newcomer	novinec
newday	nov dan
newfound	novega
newjob	NO TRANSLATION
newlife	novo življenje
newly	na novo
newlywed	mladoporočenca
newme	newme
newness	novost
news	novice
newscast	novice
newscaster	novinar
newsflash	newsflash
newsletter	glasilo
newsman	novinar
newspaper	časopis
newspaperman	novinar
newsreel	newsreel
newsroom	novinarska soba
newsstand	časopisa
newstart	nov začetek
newt	newt
newyear	NO TRANSLATION
nexus	nexus
nib	nib
nibble	nibble
nice	lepo
niche	niša
nichts	NO TRANSLATION
nick	nick
nickel	nikelj
nickname	vzdevek
nicotine	nikotin
niece	nečakinja
nifty	Čudovito
nigger	črnuh
nigh	blizu
night	noč
nightcap	nočna kapa
nightclub	nočni klub
nightfall	noč
nightgown	spalne srajce
nightie	noč
nightingale	slaščičar
nightlife	nočno življenje
nightly	nočno
nightmare	nočna mora
nightmares	nočne more
nightstand	nočni omarici
nightstick	nočni pas
nighttime	nočni čas
nihilism	nihilizem
nil	nič
nimble	Spretno
nimrod	nimrod
nincompoop	nincompoop
nine	devet
nineteen	devetnajst
ninety	devetdeset
ninja	ninja
ninny	ninny
nintendo	Nintendo
ninth	deveti
nip	nip
nipper	nipper
nipple	bradavica
nippy	Nippy
nitrate	nitrat
nitro	nitro
nitrogen	dušik
nitrous	dušik
nitwit	Niti
nix	nix
no anticipation	brez predvidevanja
no disgust	brez gnusa
no emotion	brez čustev
no sentiment	brez občutka
no surprise	ni presenečenje
no trust	brez zaupanja
nobility	plemstvo
noble	plemenito
nobleman	plemič
nobodycares	NO TRANSLATION
nocomplaints	NO TRANSLATION
nocturnal	nočni
nod	Dvigni
nodding	klimati
node	vozlišče
nodular	nodularni
nodule	nodule
noggin	noggin
nohope	NO TRANSLATION
noir	noir
noise	hrup
noisy	hrupno
nomad	nomad
nomadic	nomadski
nomenclature	nomenklatura
nominal	nominalno
nominate	nominirati
nomination	nominacija
nominee	nominiran
nonce	nonce
nonchalant	Nesmeljiv
noncompliance	neupoštevanje
nondescript	nenascript
nonexistent	ne obstaja
nonfat	brez maščobe
nonfiction	dokumentacija
nonpayment	neplačilo
nonresident	nerezident
nonsense	nesmisel
nonsensical	nesmiselno
nonviolent	nenasilno
noob	noob
noodle	testenin
nook	nook
noon	poldne
noose	žica
nopoint	NO TRANSLATION
noregrets	NO TRANSLATION
norm	norma
normal	normalno
normalcy	normalno
normality	normalnost
north	sever
northbound	severno
northeast	severovzhod
northern	severno
northwest	severozahod
northwestern	severozahodno
noschool	NO TRANSLATION
nose	nos
nosebleed	Nosečnica
nosey	nosi
nosnow	nosnow
nostalgia	nostalgija
nostalgic	nostalgično
nostress	NO TRANSLATION
nostril	nostril
nosun	NO TRANSLATION
nosy	nosi
not negative	ni negativen
not positive	ne pozitiven
notable	opazen
notables	opazne
notably	predvsem
notamorningperson	NO TRANSLATION
notary	notar
notation	notacija
notch	zarezo
notched	zrezek
note	Opomba
notebook	prenosni računalnik
noted	opozoriti
noteworthy	vredno omeniti
nothappy	NO TRANSLATION
nothingbetter	NO TRANSLATION
nothingness	nič
notice	opaziti
noticeable	opazen
notification	obvestilo
notify	obvestiti
notion	pojma
notional	namišljen
notoriety	ozloglašenost
notorious	znano
notready	ni pripravljen
notwithstanding	kljub temu
nought	nič
noun	samostalnik
nourish	hranite
nourishment	prehrana
nouveau	NO TRANSLATION
novel	roman
novelist	romanopisec
novelty	novost
novice	novice
nowadays	danes
nowork	ni dela
noworries	brez skrbi
noxious	škodljiv
nozzle	šoba
nuance	nijanse
nuances	odtenki
nuclear	jedrska
nucleus	jedro
nude	nude
nudge	nudge
nudie	nudie
nudist	nudist
nudity	golota
nugget	Nugget
nuisance	neprijetnost
nuke	Nuke
nul	NO TRANSLATION
null	nič
nullify	razveljaviti
numb	Numb
number	številka
numbering	oštevilčevanje
numbers	številke
numbness	otrplost
numbskull	numbskull
numeral	številko
numerator	števec
numerical	numerično
numerically	številčno
numerous	številni
nun	NO TRANSLATION
nunchucks	nunchucks
nunnery	samostan
nuptials	bratje
nurse	medicinska sestra
nursemaid	nursemaid
nursery	vrtec
nursing	negovanje
nurture	negovati
nut	matica
nutcase	kurca
nutcracker	krokodilca
nuthouse	nuthouse
nutmeg	muškatni orešček
nutrition	prehrana
nutritional	prehrana
nutritious	hranljiv
nutritive	hranljivo
nuts	oreščki
nutshell	Nutshell
nutty	Nutty
nylon	najlon
nylong	NO TRANSLATION
nylons	nylons
nymph	nimfa
nymphomaniac	nimfomanika
oaf	oaf
oak	hrast
oar	veslo
oasis	oaza
oat	oves
oath	prisega
oatmeal	ovsena kaša
obedience	poslušnost
obedient	poslušen
obediently	poslušno
obelisk	obelisk
obese	debel
obesity	debelost
obey	ubogati
obi	obi
obit	obit
obituary	nekrolog
object	predmet
objection	ugovor
objectionable	sporno
objective	cilj
objectivity	objektivnost
obligation	obveznost
obligatory	obvezno
oblige	obvezuj
obliged	obvezno
obliging	obvezujoče
obligor	dolžnik
oblique	poševno
obliterate	izbrisati
obliterated	izbrisane
obliteration	obliteration
oblivion	pozabo
oblivious	brez pomislekov
oblong	podolgovate
obnoxious	neumnost
oboe	oboo
obscene	nespodobno
obscenity	obscenost
obscure	nejasna
obscured	zakrit
obscurity	nejasnost
observance	spoštovanje
observant	opazovalec
observation	opazovanje
observatory	observatorij
observe	opazuj
observer	opazovalec
observing	opazovanje
obsess	obsedenost
obsessed	obseden
obsessing	obsedenost
obsession	obsedenost
obsessive	obsesivno
obsolescence	zastarelost
obsolete	zastarelo
obstacle	ovira
obstetrician	porodničar
obstetrics	porodništvo
obstinate	trdovraten
obstruct	oviranje
obstruction	obstrukcija
obstructive	obstruktivno
obtain	pridobiti
obtainable	pridobiti
obtuse	Tupi
obverse	spredaj
obvious	očitno
ocarina	ocarina
occasion	priložnost
occasional	občasno
occasionally	občasno
occipital	zaporni
occlusion	okluzija
occult	okultno
occupancy	zasedenost
occupant	prebivalec
occupation	poklic
occupational	poklicno
occupied	zasedena
occupier	okupator
occupy	zasedajo
occupying	zasedajo
occur	pojavijo
occurrence	pojav
ocd	ocd
ocean	ocean
oceanic	oceansko
octagon	oktagon
octave	oktava
octopus	hobotnica
ocular	okular
odd	čudno
oddball	oddball
oddity	čudnost
odds	kvote
ode	ode
odious	Odporen
odometer	odometer
odor	neprijeten vonj
odyssey	Odyssey
oedipal	edipal
oestrogen	estrogen
oeuvre	NO TRANSLATION
offal	drobovina
offence	prekršek
offend	užaljen
offended	užaljen
offender	storilec
offense	prekršek
offensive	žaljivo
offer	ponudbe
offered	ponujen
offering	ponudba
offhand	z roko
office	urad
officer	častnik
offices	uradi
official	uradni
officiate	uradno
offing	offing
offload	offload
offset	offset
offshoot	offshoot
offshore	offshore
offside	offside
offspring	potomci
oft	oft
oftentimes	pogosto
ogre	ogre
ohdear	NO TRANSLATION
ohgod	NO TRANSLATION
ohno	ohno
ohshit	NO TRANSLATION
oil	olje
oils	olja
oily	mastno
oink	oink
ointment	mazilo
okra	okra
old	star
olden	starih
older	starejši
oldie	Stari
oldies	oldies
olfactory	vonj
oligarchy	oligarhija
olive	oljka
omega	omega
omelet	omlet
omen	znamenje
omgomgomg	NO TRANSLATION
ominous	Zlobno
omission	opustitev
omit	izpustite
omitted	izpuščen
omnibus	omnibus
omnipotence	vsemogočnost
omnipotent	vsemogočno
omnipresent	vsesplošno
omniscient	vsepovsod
onboard	na krovu
oncologist	onkolog
oncology	onkologija
oncoming	prihajajoči
one	eno
oneday	NO TRANSLATION
onedge	na robu
onelove	ena ljubezen
oneness	enost
onerous	zahtevno
oneself	sam
ongoing	stalno
onion	čebulo
onset	začetek
onslaught	Jurij
onstage	na odru
ontology	ontologija
onus	onus
onward	naprej
onyx	oniks
oodles	oodles
oomph	oomph
ooze	izcedek
oozing	utripa
op	op
opacity	motnost
opal	opal
opaque	neprozorno
ope	Ope
open	odprto
opener	odpirač
opening	odprtje
openly	odprto
openness	odprtost
opera	opera
operate	delovati
operatic	operat
operation	delovanje
operational	operativni
operations	operacije
operative	operativni
operator	operaterja
ophthalmic	oftalmološki
ophthalmologist	oftalmolog
opiate	opiat
opinion	mnenje
opinionated	mnenje
opium	opij
opponent	nasprotnik
opportune	primeren
opportunism	oportunizma
opportunity	priložnost
oppose	nasprotujejo
opposed	nasprotuje
opposing	nasprotuje
opposite	nasprotno
opposites	nasprotja
opposition	opozicija
oppress	zatirati
oppressed	zatirani
oppression	zatiranje
oppressive	zatiranje
oppressor	zatiralec
ops	ops
opt	opt
optic	Optika
optical	optični
optics	optike
optimism	optimizem
optimist	optimist
optimistic	optimističen
optimum	optimalno
option	možnost
optional	neobvezno
optionally	po izbiri
options	opcije
optometrist	optometrist
opulence	razkošje
opulent	bogat
opus	opus
oracle	prerok
oral	ustno
orange	oranžna
orange juice	pomarančni sok
orangutan	orangutan
oration	oration
orator	orator
oratory	oratory
orb	orb
orbit	orbita
orbital	orbital
orbiting	krožijo
orbs	orbs
orc	orc
orchard	sadovnjak
orchestra	orkester
orchid	orhideja
ordained	posvečeno
ordeal	preizkušnja
order	red
orderly	urejeno
ordinance	uredba
ordinary	vsakdanji
ordination	koordinacija
ordnance	uničenje
ore	rude
oregano	origano
organ	organ
organic	ekološko
organism	organizem
organist	organist
organization	organizacija
organize	organizirati
organized	organizirano
organizer	organizator
orgasm	orgazem
orgies	orgije
orgy	orgija
orient	orient
oriental	orientalski
orientation	usmeritev
orifice	odprtina
origami	origami
origin	porekla
original	original
originality	izvirnost
originate	izvirajo
origination	izvor
originator	originator
ornament	ornament
ornamental	okrasno
ornamentation	okraski
ornamented	okrašen
ornate	ornate
ornery	ornery
orphan	sirota
orphanage	sirotišnica
orphaned	sirota
orthodontist	ortodont
orthodox	pravoslavni
orthodoxy	pravoslavje
orthogonal	ortogonalno
orthopedic	ortopedski
oscillate	oscilirati
oscillating	nihajoče
oscillation	nihanje
oscillatory	oscilator
ostensible	vidno
ostensibly	navidezno
ostentatious	oster
ostracized	ostraži
ostrich	noj
other	drugo
otter	vidra
otto	Otto
ottoman	Otoman
ought	moralo
ounce	unča
oust	odtrgati
outage	Prekinitev
outback	zunaj
outbid	navzgor
outboard	izvenkrmni
outbreak	izbruh
outburst	izbruh
outcast	Izgubljeno
outcome	izid
outcry	ponorel
outdated	zastarelo
outdo	Nadaljuj
outdoor	zunaj
outdoors	na prostem
outer	zunaj
outfit	obleka
outgoing	odhodni
outgrow	prerastejo
outgrowth	izrastek
outhouse	zunaj
outing	izlet
outlandish	Nenavaden
outlast	zunaj
outlaw	prepoved
outlet	vtičnica
outline	osnutek
outlines	opise
outlive	preživi
outlook	Outlook
outlying	oddaljena
outnumber	število prebivalcev
outpatient	ambulantno
outpost	outpost
outpouring	izliv
output	izhod
outrage	ogorčenje
outraged	ogorčen
outrageous	nezaslišano
outrank	izstopa
outreach	ozaveščanje
outright	dokončno
outrun	preusmeritev
outset	začetek
outsider	zunanjega
outskirts	obrobja
outsmart	Outsmart
outspoken	odkrito
outstanding	izjemno
outstretched	raztegnjena
outward	navzven
outwards	navzven
outweigh	večji
outwit	outwit
oval	ovalna
ovary	jajčnik
ovate	ovat
ovation	Ovation
oven	pečica
overactive	preveč aktiven
overall	splošno
overalls	kombinezoni
overbearing	nadmoć
overburden	preobremenjenost
overcast	oblačno
overcharged	preobremenjen
overcoat	plašč
overcome	premagati
overcoming	premagovanje
overcrowded	prenatrpan
overdo	pretiravaj
overdose	prevelik odmerek
overdrive	overdrive
overdue	zamudo
overestimate	preceniti
overestimated	precenjen
overflow	preliv
overflowing	preplavljen
overgrown	poraščen
overgrowth	prekomerno rast
overhanging	previsni
overhaul	prenova
overhead	nad glavo
overhear	Preglej
overheated	pregreta
overjoyed	presenečen
overkill	pretiravanje
overlaid	prevlečeni
overlap	prekrivajo
overlapping	prekrivajo
overlay	overlay
overload	preobremenitev
overlook	spregledati
overlord	nadrejeni
overlying	nadpovprečno
overpaid	preveč plačano
overpass	nadvoz
overplayed	preizkušen
overpower	nadmoć
overpowering	nadvlada
overpriced	prekomerno
overprotective	prekomerno
overrated	precenjen
overreact	pretiravam
override	preklicati
overriding	prevladujoče
overrule	preklicati
overrun	prekoračitev
oversee	nadzorovati
overseer	nadzornik
overshadow	zasenčiti
oversight	nadzor
oversized	prevelik
overslept	prekoračila
overstate	preceniti
overstock	presežek
overt	odkrito
overtake	prehiteti
overtaken	prehitro
overthemoon	NO TRANSLATION
overthinker	prekomerno
overthinking	preveč misliti
overthrow	strmoglaviti
overtime	čez čas
overtired	preveč
overture	uvertira
overturn	prevrat
overview	pregled
overweight	prekomerna telesna teža
overwhelm	Premagati
overwhelmed	preobremenjen
overwhelming	preveč
overworked	preobremenjen
overwrought	preobremenjen
overzealous	prevelik
owe	dolžan
owing	zaradi
owl	sova
owner	lastnik
ownership	lastništvo
ox	vol
oxidation	oksidacija
oxide	oksid
oxygen	kisik
oxymoron	oksimoron
oyster	ostriga
ozone	ozon
pace	tempo
pacemaker	srčni spodbujevalnik
pacific	pacifiški
pacified	umirjeno
pacifier	dudo
pacifist	pacifist
pacify	pomirite
pacing	pacing
pack	pakiranje
package	paket
packaging	pakiranje
packer	pakirnica
packet	paket
pact	pakt
pad	pad
padded	oblazinjeno
padding	oblazinjenje
paddle	veslo
paddle boat	veslaški čoln
paddock	Paddock
paddy	Neumno
padlock	Ključavnica
padre	NO TRANSLATION
paean	Paean
pagan	pagan
paganism	paganizem
page	stran
pageant	tekmovanje
pager	pager
pagination	pagination
paging	paging
pagoda	pagoda
pail	vedro
pain	bolečina
pained	boleče
painful	boleče
painfully	boleče
painkiller	zdravilo proti bolečinam
painless	brez bolečin
pains	bolečine
painstaking	skrbno
paint	barva
paintball	Paintball
paintbrush	čopič
painted	naslikal
painter	slikar
painting	slika
pair	par
paisley	Paisley
pajama	pajama
pajamas	pižame
pal	kolega
palace	palača
palatable	okusno
palate	okus
pale	bledo
paleontology	paleontologija
palette	paleto
pall	pall
palladium	paladij
pallet	paleta
palliative	paliativno
palm	palm
palmer	palmer
palomino	palomino
palpable	oprijemljiv
palpitations	palpitacije
palsy	paraliza
paltry	neumno
pamper	razvajati
pamphlet	brošura
pan	pan
panacea	zdravilo
panache	panache
pancake	palačinka
pancakes	palačinke
pancreas	trebušna slinavka
panda	panda
pandemic	pandemija
pandemonium	pandemonium
pane	okno
panel	panel
pang	NO TRANSLATION
panhandle	panhandle
panic	panike
panicattack	NO TRANSLATION
panicked	panično
panicking	panično
panicky	panično
panier	NO TRANSLATION
panorama	panorama
panoramic	panoramski
pansy	psi
pant	hlače
pantheon	panteon
panther	panter
panties	hlačke
pantomime	pantomim
pantry	shramba
pants	hlače
panty	panty
pantyhose	hlačne nogavice
pap	pap
papa	Tata
papacy	papež
papal	NO TRANSLATION
papaya	papaja
paper	papir
paperback	papirna knjiga
paperboy	papirnik
paperweight	papirna teža
paperwork	dokumentacija
paprika	paprika
papyrus	papirus
par	NO TRANSLATION
parable	parabola
parabola	parabola
parabolic	parabolični
parachute	padalo
parade	parada
paradigm	paradigma
paradise	raj
paradox	paradoks
paradoxical	paradoksalno
paraffin	parafin
paragon	paragon
paragraph	odstavek
parakeet	parakeet
paralegal	paralegalen
parallax	paralakse
parallel	vzporedno
parallelism	paralelizem
paralysis	paraliza
paralyze	paralizirati
paralyzed	paraliziran
paramedic	zdravnik
paramedics	zdravniki
paramilitary	paravojaško
paramount	najpomembnejši
paranoia	paranoja
paranoid	paranoičen
paranormal	paranormalno
parapet	parapet
paraphernalia	pripomočki
paraphrase	parafraza
paraplegic	paraplegic
parasite	parazit
parasitic	parazitski
parasol	sončnik
parcel	parcela
parcels	parcele
parched	sušen
parchment	pergament
pardon	Oprostite
pare	NO TRANSLATION
parenchyma	parenhimma
parent	staršev
parentage	starševstvo
parental	starševski
parenthesis	NO TRANSLATION
parenthetical	nadrejeni
parenthood	starševstvo
parenting	starševstvo
pariah	pariah
parietal	parietal
paring	paring
parish	župnija
parity	paritete
park	parkirati
parka	parka
parking	parkiranje
parkinsons	parkinsons
parlance	govor
parlay	parlay
parliament	parlament
parliamentary	parlamentarni
parlor	salon
parmesan	parmezan
parody	parodija
parole	pogoj
parquet	parket
parrot	papiga
parry	parry
parse	razčleniti
parsimonious	parsimonious
parsimony	parsimony
parsley	peteršilj
parson	župnik
part	del
partake	sodelovati
partial	delno
partiality	pristranskost
partially	delno
participant	udeleženec
participate	sodelovati
participation	sodelovanje
particle	delec
particular	zlasti
particularity	posebnost
particulars	podrobnosti
parting	razvajanje
partisan	partizan
partisanship	partizanstvo
partition	particijo
partly	delno
partner	partnerja
partnership	partnerstvo
partridge	partridge
parts	deli
party	zabava
pas	NO TRANSLATION
pass	prelaz
passable	prehodno
passage	prehod
passageway	prehod
passe	NO TRANSLATION
passenger	potnik
passim	NO TRANSLATION
passing	mimo
passion	strast
passionate	strasten
passive	pasivno
passivity	pasivnost
passkey	passkey
passport	potni list
password	geslo
past	preteklost
pasta	testenine
paste	pasta
pastel	pastel
pastime	zabava
pastor	pastor
pastrami	pastrami
pastry	pecivo
pasture	pašniki
pasty	pasta
pat	pat
patch	obliž
patchwork	patchwork
pate	pate
patella	patella
patent	patent
patented	patentiran
paternal	očetov
paternity	očetovstvo
path	pot
pathetic	pomilovanja vreden
pathological	patološko
pathologist	patolog
pathology	patologija
pathos	NO TRANSLATION
pathway	pot
patience	potrpljenje
patient	bolnik
patio	teraso
patriarch	patriarh
patriarchal	patriarhalno
patrimony	dediščina
patriot	patriota
patriotic	patriotski
patriotism	patriotizem
patrol	patrulja
patrolman	patrulj
patron	pokrovitelj
patronage	pokroviteljstvo
patronising	pokroviteljstvo
patronize	pokroviteljstvo
patronizing	pokroviteljstvo
patter	patter
pattern	vzorec
paucity	pomanjkanje
pauper	pauper
pause	pavza
pave	utrjujem
pavement	pločnik
pavilion	paviljon
paving	tlakovanje
paw	šapa
pawn	peš
pawnshop	zastavljalnica
pax	pax
pay	plačati
payable	plačljiva
payback	povračilo
paycheck	plača
payday	plača
payer	plačnik
payload	koristni tovor
payment	plačilo
payoff	izplačilo
payout	izplačilo
payphone	plačaj telefon
payroll	plačilni list
pea	grah
peace	mir
peaceable	miren
peaceful	mirno
peacefully	mirno
peacekeeper	mirovnik
peaceofmind	NO TRANSLATION
peacetime	mirno
peach	breskev
peachy	breskev
peacock	pav
peak	vrh
peaked	vrhunec
peanut	arašide
peanuts	arašidi
pear	hruška
pearl	biser
pearly	biserno
peas	grah
peasant	kmečko
peat	šota
pebble	prodnata
pecan	pecan
peck	Peck
pecker	peker
peculiar	nenavadno
peculiarities	posebnosti
peculiarity	posebnost
peculiarly	nenavadno
pecuniary	denarno
pedal	pedal
pedantic	pedantično
peddle	peddle
peddler	peddler
pedestal	podstavek
pedestrian	peš
pediatric	pediatrični
pediatrician	pediater
pediatrics	pediatrija
pedicure	pedikura
pedigree	rodovnik
pedometer	pedometer
pedophile	pedofil
pee	piškot
peek	peek
peekaboo	ku-Kuc
peel	lupine
peep	peep
peeper	peeper
peephole	pehola
peer	peer
peering	peering
peerless	brezskrbni
peeved	peeved
peg	peg
pegs	kljuke
peice	NO TRANSLATION
pelagic	pelagična
pelican	pelikan
pellet	pelete
pelvic	medenico
pelvis	medenina
pen	pero
penal	kazenski
penalty	kazen
penance	pokore
penchant	nagnjenost
pencil	svinčnik
pendant	obesek
pendency	pendence
pendent	NO TRANSLATION
pending	v teku
pendulum	nihalo
penetrate	prodreti
penetrating	prodorno
penetration	penetracija
penguin	pingvin
penicillin	penicilin
penile	penil
peninsula	polotok
penis	penis
penitent	penitent
penitentiary	kaznilnica
penmanship	penmanship
pennant	zastavica
penniless	brez dna
penny	peni
pension	pokojnina
pensioner	upokojenec
pensive	zamišljen
pentagon	pentagon
pentagram	pentagram
penthouse	penthouse
penultimate	predzadnji
people	ljudje
peopled	prebivalci
pep	pep
pepper	poper
peppermint	poprove mete
pepperoni	pepperoni
peppy	peppy
peptic	peptik
peptide	peptid
perceive	zaznavajo
percent	odstotkov
percentage	odstotek
percentile	percentil
perceptible	zaznavne
perception	zaznavanje
perceptive	zaznavne
perch	ostriž
perchance	perchance
percolation	perkolacija
percussion	tolkala
perdition	pogin
peremptory	prevladujoči
perennial	trajen
perfect	popolno
perfection	popolnost
perfectionist	perfekcionist
perfecto	NO TRANSLATION
perforated	perforirano
perforation	perforacija
perforce	perforce
perform	opraviti
performance	izvedba
performer	izvajalec
perfume	parfum
perfumed	parfumirana
peri	peri
peridot	peridot
peril	nevarnost
perilous	nevaren
perimeter	obseg
period	obdobje
periodic	periodično
periodical	periodični
periodically	občasno
periodicity	periodičnost
peripheral	periferno
periphery	periferija
periscope	periskop
perish	propadajo
perishable	pokvarljiv
perished	poginil
perishing	propadanje
perjury	krivolov
perk	perk
perky	veselo
perm	perm
permanence	trajnost
permanent	stalno
permeable	prepustno
permeate	permeat
permeation	prepustnost
permissible	dovoljeno
permission	dovoljenje
permissive	permisivna
permit	dovoljenje
permitted	dovoljeno
permitting	dovoljenje
permutation	permutacija
pernicious	pernicious
peroxide	peroksid
perpendicular	pravokotno
perpetrate	storilec
perpetrator	storilca
perpetual	neprestano
perpetually	stalno
perpetuate	Nadaljuj
perpetuation	ponovitev
perpetuity	nedolžnost
perplexed	zmeden
perplexing	zmeden
perplexity	zmedenost
persecute	preganjati
persecution	preganjanje
perseverance	vztrajnost
persevere	vztrajati
persist	vztrajati
persistence	vztrajnost
persistent	obstojna
persisting	vztrajno
person	oseba
persona	NO TRANSLATION
personable	prijazen
personage	osebnost
personal	osebno
personality	osebnost
personification	osebnost
personnel	osebje
persons	osebe
perspective	perspektive
perspiration	znojenje
persuade	prepričajte
persuasion	prepričevanje
persuasive	prepričljiv
pert	pert
pertinent	primeren
perturbation	perturbacija
pertussis	oslovski kašelj
perusal	preiskovanje
peruse	peruse
pervading	pervading
perverse	perverznost
perversion	perverznost
pervert	pervert
perverted	perverzni
pesky	neumno
pessimism	pesimizem
pessimist	pesimist
pessimistic	pesimističen
pest	škodljivec
pester	pester
pestilence	kuga
pestle	pest
pesto	pesto
pet	hišne živali
petal	petelin
petite	petit
petition	peticija
petitioner	prosilec
petloss	NO TRANSLATION
petpeeve	NO TRANSLATION
petrified	okamenjen
petrify	petrify
petrol	bencin
petroleum	nafta
petticoat	petticoat
petting	petting
petty	majhen
petulant	pijanec
petunia	petunija
pew	pew
pewter	kositrni
peyote	NO TRANSLATION
phalanx	falanx
phantom	fantom
pharaoh	faraon
pharmaceutical	farmacevtski izdelki
pharmacist	farmacevt
pharmacology	farmakologija
pharmacy	lekarna
phase	faza
pheasant	fazan
phenomenal	fenomenalno
phenomenon	fenomen
pheromone	feromon
phew	phew
phi	phi
philanthropic	človekoljubno
philanthropist	filantrop
philanthropy	filantropija
philistine	filozofija
philosopher	filozof
philosophic	filozofsko
philosophical	filozofsko
philosophy	filozofija
phlegm	flegm
pho	pho
phobia	fobija
phoenix	phoenix
phone	telefon
phonetic	fonetično
phonetics	fonetika
phonics	foniki
phonograph	fonograf
phonology	fonologija
phony	lažni
phooey	phooey
phosphate	fosfat
phosphor	fosfor
phosphorus	fosforja
photo	fotografija
photogenic	fotogenična
photograph	fotografija
photographer	fotograf
photographic	fotografski
photography	fotografija
photometry	fotometrija
photon	foton
phrase	fraza
phraseology	frazeologija
phylogeny	filogenija
physical	fizično
physical therapist	fizioterapevt
physician	zdravnik
physicist	fizik
physics	fizika
physiological	fiziološki
physiology	fiziologija
physique	telo
pi	pi
pianist	pianist
piano	klavir
piazza	piazza
piccolo	NO TRANSLATION
pick	pick
picked	izbrali
picker	picker
picket	picket
picketing	picketing
pickle	pickle
pickled	piklane
pickpocket	pickpocket
pickup	pickup
picky	izbirčen
picnic	piknik
pictorial	slikovno
picture	slika
pictures	slike
picturesque	slikovito
pie	pita
piece	kos
piecemeal	piecemeal
pieceofshit	kos
pied	pied
pier	pomol
pierce	pierce
piety	pobožnost
pig	prašič
pigeon	Golob
piggy	Piggy
piggyback	Piggyback
pigheaded	pigheaded
piglet	pujski
pigment	pigment
pigskin	prašičjica
pigsty	svinjac
pike	ščuka
pile	kup
piles	kupi
pileup	nakopičiti
pilgrim	romar
pilgrimage	romanje
pill	tabletke
pillage	pljačko
pillar	steber
pillbox	pillbox
pillow	vzglavnik
pillowcase	prevleka za blazino
pilot	pilot
pimp	zvodnik
pimple	pimple
pin	pin
pinball	fliper
pinch	ščepec
pinching	ščipanje
pine	bora
pineapple	ananas
ping	ping
pinhead	pištolo
pinhole	zatič
pinion	zobca
pink	roza
pinkie	pinkie
pinnacle	pinnacle
pinot	pinot
pinpoint	natančno
pint	pint
pinto	pinto
pinup	pinup
pioneer	pionir
pious	pobožni
pip	pip
pipe	cev
piped	piped
pipeline	cevovod
piper	piper
pipette	pipeta
piping	cevovod
pipsqueak	pipsqueak
pique	pique
piracy	piratstvo
piranha	piranha
pirate	pirat
piscina	NO TRANSLATION
piss	urin
pissed	jezen
pissedoff	jezen
pisser	NO TRANSLATION
pissesmeoff	pissesmeoff
pissingmeoff	pissingmeoff
pissoff	razjeziti
pistachio	pistacija
pistol	pištolo
piston	bat
pit	jama
pita	Pita
pitch	višina tona
pitcher	vrč
pitchfork	pitchfork
pitfall	pasti
pith	pith
pithy	lepo
pitiful	žalosten
pitted	piknik
pitter	pitter
pituitary	hipofize
pity	Škoda
pivot	pivot
pivotal	ključno
pix	pix
pixie	pixie
pizza	pica
pizzazz	pizzazz
pizzeria	picerija
placard	plakat
place	mesto
placebo	placebo
placement	umestitev
placenta	placenta
placid	miren
placket	plaket
plagiarism	plagiator
plague	kuga
plaid	karirasto
plain	navaden
plainclothes	navadna oblačila
plaintiff	tožnik
plaintive	žalostno
plan	načrt
plane	letalo
planes	letala
planet	planet
planetarium	planetarij
planetary	planetarni
planets	planetov
plank	plank
plankton	plankton
planned	načrtovano
planner	načrtovalec
planning	načrtovanje
plant	rastlina
plantation	nasad
planter	sadilnik
planting	sajenje
plaque	plošča
plasma	plazma
plaster	omet
plastic	plastika
plasticity	plastičnost
plat	plat
plate	plošča
plateau	plato
plated	prevlečeni
platform	platforma
plating	plating
platinum	platina
platonic	platonic
platoon	vod
platter	krožnik
plaudit	NO TRANSLATION
plausibility	verodostojnost
plausible	verjetno
play	igraj
playa	igra
playback	predvajanje
playbook	playbook
playboy	plejboj
player	igralec
playful	igriv
playground	igrišče
playhouse	igralnica
playmate	igrajo
playoff	plejo
playpen	igrišče
playroom	igralnica
plaything	igrajo
playtime	čas igranja
playwright	dramatik
plaza	plaza
plea	pritožba
plead	prosimo
pleasant	prijetno
pleased	zadovoljen
pleasing	prijeten
pleasurable	prijetno
pleasure	užitek
pleasures	užitke
pleat	pleat
pleated	naguban
pledge	obljubo
pledged	zavezani
plenary	plenarno zasedanje
plentiful	obilno
plenty	veliko
plenum	plenum
plethora	pletora
plexus	pleksus
pliable	gibljiv
plication	plikat
pliers	klešče
plight	slabost
plinth	podstavek
plodding	plodding
plop	plop
plot	parcela
plough	plug
ploughed	oranjem
plover	plover
plow	plug
plowed	oranjem
plowing	oranje
ploy	podvig
pluck	plakati
plucky	Plunky
plug	vtič
plum	slive
plumage	perje
plumb	Plumb
plumber	vodovodar
plumbing	vodovod
plume	plume
plummet	plummet
plump	Plump
plumper	plumper
plunder	plunder
plunge	potopite
plunger	bat
plural	množino
plurality	pluralnost
plush	plišast
plutonium	plutonij
ply	ply
plywood	vezan les
pneumatic	pnevmatski
pneumonia	pljučnica
poacher	lovilec
poachers	lovci
poaching	lova
pocket	žep
pocketbook	pocketbook
pocketful	žepni
pod	NO TRANSLATION
podium	podij
poem	pesem
poems	pesmi
poet	pesnik
poetic	pesniško
poetical	poetično
poetics	poetika
poetry	poezija
pogo	pogo
poignant	pogumno
point	točka
pointedly	natančno
pointer	kazalec
pointless	nesmiselno
pointy	pikčasto
poise	poise
poison	strup
poisoned	zastrupljen
poisoning	zastrupitev
poisonous	strupen
poke	poke
poker	poker
pokes	pokes
polar	polarno
polarity	polarnost
pole	palica
polemic	polemika
police	policija
police officer	policist
policeman	policist
policewoman	policistka
policy	politika
polio	polio
polish	polish
polished	polirana
polite	vljuden
politeness	Vljudnost
politic	politično
political	politično
politician	politik
politics	politiko
polity	politiko
polka	polka
poll	anketa
pollen	cvetni prah
polling	anketiranje
pollute	onesnažiti
pollution	onesnaževanje
polo	polo
poltergeist	poltergeist
polyester	poliester
polygamy	poligamija
polygon	poligon
polygonal	poligonalno
polygraph	poligraf
polymer	polimer
polymorphism	polimorfizem
pomp	pomp
pompous	pompozna
poncho	pončo
pond	ribnik
ponder	razmišljaj
ponderous	ponižujoče
pong	pong
pontiff	pontiff
pontificate	pontifikat
pontoon	ponton
pony	poni
ponytail	ponev
pooch	Pooch
poodle	pudlica
poof	Poof
pool	bazen
poop	poop
poor	slabo
poorly	slabo
pop	pop
popcorn	kokice
pope	papež
popper	poper
poppy	mak
poppycock	poppycock
popsicle	popsicle
popular	priljubljena
popularity	priljubljenost
popularized	popularizirali
population	prebivalstvo
populous	populous
porcelain	porcelan
porch	veranda
porcupine	porcupine
pore	por
pork	svinjina
porker	porker
porky	svinjski
porn	pornografija
porno	porno
pornographic	pornografski
pornography	pornografija
porosity	poroznost
porous	porozen
porridge	kaša
port	pristanišče
portable	prenosni
portage	portaža
portal	portal
porter	porter
porterhouse	porterhouse
portfolio	portfelj
porthole	Porthole
portico	portico
portion	del
portrait	portret
portraiture	portretiranje
portray	prikazati
pose	predstavljajo
poser	NO TRANSLATION
posh	posh
posited	postavljen
position	položaj
positioning	pozicioniranje
positive	pozitiven
positiveenergy	NO TRANSLATION
positively	pozitivno
positivity	pozitivnost
posse	posse
possess	imeti
possessed	posedovali
possessing	posedovanje
possession	posest
possessive	posesivni
possessor	lastnik
possibility	možnost
possible	mogoče
possibly	morda
possum	possum
post	post
postage	poštnina
postal	poštni
postcard	razglednico
poster	plakat
posterior	zadaj
posterity	potomstvo
posthumous	posthumno
postman	poštar
postmortem	postmortem
postpone	odložiti
postponed	odloženo
postponement	odlog
postscript	postscript
postulate	postulat
posture	drža
pot	pot
potable	pitno
potassium	kalij
potato	krompir
potatoes	krompir
potency	moč
potent	močan
potential	potencial
pothead	potonik
pothole	potok
potion	napoj
potluck	potluck
potpourri	potourri
potted	lončeno
potter	potter
pottery	lončarstvo
potty	Močan
pouch	vrečka
poultry	perutnina
pounce	pounce
pound	funt
pounding	pounding
pour	NO TRANSLATION
pout	pout
pouting	pouting
pouty	pouty
poverty	revščina
pow	pow
powder	prašek
powdered	v prahu
powdery	praškast
power	moč
powerful	močno
powerfully	močno
powerhouse	pogon
powerless	nemočen
powwow	powwow
pox	pox
practicable	izvedljivo
practical	praktično
practically	praktično
practice	praksa
practiced	vadili
practise	praksa
practitioner	praktikant
pragmatic	pragmatično
prairie	preriri
praise	pohvale
praised	pohvalil
praisegod	NO TRANSLATION
praisejesus	NO TRANSLATION
praises	pohvale
praiseworthy	hvalevredno
praising	hvaliti
prance	Prance
prank	Šala
prawn	kozica
praxis	praxis
pray	molite
prayer	molitev
prayforme	moli zame
praying	molitev
praying mantis	bogomoljka
preach	pridigati
preacher	pridigar
preaching	pridiganje
preamble	preambula
precarious	negotovo
precaution	previdnost
precautionary	previdnost
precede	Predhod
precedence	prednost
precedent	precedensa
preceding	pred tem
precept	predpis
preceptor	prevajalec
precession	precesija
precinct	obrobje
precincts	območja
precious	dragocen
precipice	prepad
precipitate	oborino
precipitation	padavine
precipitous	precipitous
precise	natančno
precisely	natančno
precision	natančnost
preclude	preprečujejo
precocious	Nenavaden
precursor	predhodnik
predator	plenilec
predatory	plenilec
predecessor	predhodnik
predicament	napaka
predicate	predikat
predict	napovedati
predictable	predvidljiv
predicting	napovedovanje
prediction	napovedovanje
predictive	napovedovanje
predictor	napovedovalec
predilection	predsodkov
predispose	predispozicija
predisposed	predisponiran
predisposition	predispozicija
predominance	prevlada
predominant	prevladuje
predominate	prevladujejo
preeminent	izjemen
preemption	predkupna pravica
preemptive	preemptivno
preface	predgovor
prefect	prefekt
prefer	raje
preferable	bolje
preference	prednost
preferential	preferencialni
prefix	predpono
pregnancy	nosečnost
pregnant	noseča
prehistoric	prazgodovinsko
prejudice	predsodki
prejudiced	predsodkov
prejudicial	škodljivo
prelim	prelim
preliminary	predhodno
prelude	prelude
premarital	premarital
premature	prezgodaj
prematurely	prezgodaj
premed	premed
premeditated	naklepno
premier	premier
premiere	premiera
premise	premise
premises	prostore
premium	premija
premonition	predsodek
prenatal	prenatalna
prenuptial	prenuptial
preoccupation	preokupacija
preoccupied	preokupiran
prep	prep
preparation	priprava
preparatory	pripravljalno
prepare	pripravi
prepared	pripravljen
preparedness	pripravljenost
preparer	pripravljavec
preparing	priprava
preponderance	prevlada
preposterous	prepreden
preppy	pripravljen
prerequisite	predpogoj
prerogative	prerogativ
preschool	vrtec
prescient	predzgodovinski
prescribe	predpisujejo
prescribed	predpisano
prescription	recept
prescriptive	predpisujoče
presence	prisotnost
present	prisotni
presentable	predstavljiv
presentation	predstavitev
presenter	voditelj
presentment	predstavitev
presents	predstavlja
preservation	ohranjanje
preservative	konzervans
preserve	ohraniti
preserved	ohranjeno
preserving	ohranjanje
preside	predseduje
presidency	Predsedstvo
president	predsednik
presidential	predsedniški
press	pritisnite
pressing	stiskanje
pressure	pritisk
prestige	prestiž
prestigious	prestižno
presto	presto
presume	domnevam
presumption	domneva
presumptive	domnevno
presumptuous	Nesmiselno
presuppose	predpostavljamo
pretend	pretvarjati se
pretended	pretvarjal se je
pretender	pretender
pretending	pretvarja se
pretense	pretvarjanje
pretensions	pretenzije
pretentious	Pretenciozno
pretext	izgovor
pretty	lepa
pretzel	pršut
prevail	prevlada
prevailing	prevladuje
prevalence	razširjenost
prevalent	prevladuje
prevent	preprečiti
preventative	preventivno
prevention	preprečevanje
preventive	preventivno
preview	predogled
previous	prejšnji
previously	prej
prey	plen
price	cena
priceless	neprecenljiv
pricey	dragi
prick	prick
prickly	kreten
pride	ponos
priest	duhovnik
priestess	svečenica
priesthood	duhovništvo
priestly	duhovniško
prig	prig
prim	prim
prima	NO TRANSLATION
primacy	primat
primal	primarni
primary	primarno
primate	primata
primates	primati
prime	prime
primed	pripravljen
primer	Primer
primeval	prvotno
priming	primiranje
primitive	primitivna
primordial	primordial
primrose	primroza
prince	princ
princely	knežji
princess	princesa
principal	glavni
principally	predvsem
principle	načelo
principles	načela
print	natisnite
printer	tiskalnik
printing	tiskanje
printout	natisniti
prior	predhodno
prioritize	prednost
priority	prednost
priory	priori
prism	prizma
prismatic	prizmatični
prison	zapor
prisoner	zapornik
prissy	prissy
pristine	nedotaknjeno
privacy	zasebnost
private	zasebno
privately	zasebno
privilege	privilegij
privileged	privilegiran
privy	privy
prize	nagrada
prized	cenjen
pro	pro
proactive	proaktivno
probability	verjetnost
probable	verjetno
probate	probate
probation	pogojno
probationary	poskusni
probative	dokazno
probe	sonda
probing	sondiranje
probity	poštenost
problem	problem
problematic	problematično
procedural	postopkovno
procedure	postopek
proceed	nadaljevati
proceeding	postopek
proceeds	nadaljuje
process	proces
processing	obravnavati
procession	procesijo
processor	procesor
proclaim	razglasiti
proclamation	razglasitev
procrastinate	odlašaj
procrastination	odlašanje
procreate	posekati
procreation	razmnoževanje
proctologist	proktolog
proctor	proctor
procure	nabavi
procurement	naročila
prod	prod
prodigal	prodigal
prodigious	izjemno
prodigy	neudoben
produce	proizvajajo
produced	proizvedeni
producer	proizvajalca
producing	proizvajajo
product	izdelek
production	proizvodnjo
productive	produktivno
productivity	produktivnost
profane	profane
profanity	slabost
profess	profess
profession	poklic
professional	strokovno
professionalism	strokovnost
professor	profesor
professorship	profesorstvo
proficiency	strokovnost
proficient	sposoben
profile	profil
profiler	profiler
profit	dobiček
profitable	donosno
profound	globoko
profuse	preveč
profusion	obilo
prog	prog
progenitor	progenitor
progeny	potomstvo
prognosis	napoved
prognostic	prognostično
program	program
programme	program
programmer	programer
programming	programiranje
progress	napredek
progression	napredovanje
progressive	progresivno
prohibit	prepovedati
prohibited	prepovedano
prohibition	prepoved
prohibitive	prepovedano
project	projekt
projectile	projektil
projectiles	projektile
projecting	projektiranje
projection	projekcija
projector	projektor
proletarian	proletarsko
proletariat	proletariat
prolific	plodno
prologue	prolog
prolong	podaljšati
prolongation	podaljšanje
prolonged	podaljšano
prom	maturantski ples
promenade	sprehajališče
prominence	pomembnost
prominent	vidno
prominently	vidno
promiscuity	promiskuitet
promiscuous	promiskuit
promise	obljubim
promising	obetaven
promissory	zadolžen
promo	promo
promontory	pokonci
promote	spodbujati
promoter	promotorja
promotion	promocija
promotional	promocijsko
prompt	hitro
prompting	pozivam
promulgate	razglasiti
promulgation	razglasitev
prone	nagnjena
prong	prong
pronounce	izgovoriti
pronounced	izrazito
pronouncement	izjava
pronto	NO TRANSLATION
pronunciation	izgovorjava
proof	dokaz
prop	prop
propaganda	propaganda
propagate	propagirati
propagation	razmnoževanje
propane	propan
propel	pogon
propelled	pogon
propeller	propeler
propelling	poganjanje
propensity	nagnjenost
proper	pravilno
property	nepremičnine
prophecy	prerokba
prophesy	preroki
prophet	prerok
prophetic	preroška
prophylactic	profilaktično
prophylaxis	profilaksa
proportion	delež
proportional	proporcionalno
proportionate	sorazmerno
proportions	razmerja
proposal	snubitev
propose	predlagati
proposition	predlog
proprietary	lastniško
proprietor	lastnik
proprietorship	lastništvo
propriety	primernost
propulsion	pogon
prose	proza
prosecute	preganjati
prosecution	pregon
prosecutor	tožilec
prospect	možnost
prospection	prospekt
prospective	prihodnost
prospectively	prospektivno
prospector	prospector
prospectus	prospekt
prosper	prosper
prosperity	blaginja
prosperous	uspešna
prostate	prostate
prosthetic	protetika
prostitute	prostitutka
prostitution	prostitucija
prostrate	prostrat
protagonist	protagonist
protect	zaščititi
protected	zaščiteni
protecting	zaščita
protection	zaščita
protective	zaščitni
protector	zaščitnik
protein	beljakovine
protest	protest
protestant	protestantka
protocol	protokol
proton	proton
prototype	prototip
protozoa	protozoa
protracted	dolgotrajno
protrude	štrlijo
protrusion	izstopanje
proud	ponosen
prove	dokazati
proven	dokazano
proverb	pregovor
proverbial	pregovoril
provide	zagotoviti
provided	zagotovljena
providence	Providence
provider	ponudnik
providing	zagotavljanje
province	province
provincial	pokrajinski
provision	zagotavljanje
provisional	začasna
provisionally	začasno
provisions	določbe
proviso	proviso
provocation	provokacija
provocative	provokativno
provoke	izzovejo
provoked	izzval
provoking	vzpodbuja
provost	provost
prowess	junak
prowl	prowl
prowler	prowler
proximal	proksimalno
proximate	bližina
proximity	bližina
proxy	proxy
prude	prude
prudence	preudarnost
prudent	preudarno
prune	prune
pruning	obrezovanje
pry	pry
prying	prying
psalm	psalm
psalms	Psalmi
pseudo	pseudo
pseudonym	psevdonim
psi	psi
psoriasis	psoriaza
psych	psih
psyche	psihe
psychedelic	psihodelično
psychiatric	psihiatrični
psychiatrist	psihiater
psychiatry	psihiatrija
psychic	psihično
psychical	psihično
psychics	psihologi
psycho	psiho
psychoanalysis	psihoanaliza
psychoanalyst	psihoanalitik
psychobabble	Psychobabble
psychological	psihološko
psychologist	psiholog
psychology	psihologija
psychopath	psihopata
psychopathic	psihopat
psychosis	psihoza
psychosomatic	psihosomatski
psychotherapy	psihoterapija
psychotic	psihotično
pterodactyl	pterodaktil
ptsd	ptsd
pub	pub
puberty	puberteta
pubes	pubi
pubescent	pubescentno
pubic	pubično
public	javnost
publication	objavo
publicist	publicist
publicity	javnost
publicly	javno
publicspeaking	NO TRANSLATION
publish	objaviti
published	objavljeno
publisher	založnik
publishing	založništvo
puck	pak
pucker	Pucker
pudding	puding
puddle	lužo
pudgy	pudgy
puff	Puff
puffing	puffing
puffy	puffy
pug	mops
puke	puke
pull	potegnite
pulley	škripec
pullover	ustavi
pulmonary	pljučni
pulp	celuloza
pulpit	prižnica
pulsar	pulsar
pulsation	pulsacija
pulse	impulz
puma	puma
pump	črpalka
pumped	črpalka
pumpkin	bučo
pun	NO TRANSLATION
punch	udarec
punched	udaril
punching	izsekavanje
punchy	punchy
punctual	točen
punctuality	točnost
punctually	točno
punctuation	ločila
puncture	punkcija
pundit	pundit
pungent	ostro
punish	kaznovati
punishable	Kaznivo
punished	kaznovani
punishing	kaznovanje
punishment	kazen
punitive	kaznovanje
punk	punk
punt	punt
puny	poln
pup	pup
pupil	učenec
puppet	lutka
puppeteer	lutkar
puppy	kužka
purchase	nakup
purchaser	kupec
purchasing	nakup
pure	čisto
purebliss	NO TRANSLATION
puree	pire
purely	čisto
purgatory	čistilnico
purge	čiščenje
purification	čiščenje
purify	čiščenje
purist	purist
purity	čistost
purple	vijolična
purport	domneva
purpose	namen
purposely	namenoma
purr	purr
purring	purring
purse	torbica
pursuance	uresničevanje
pursue	slediti
pursuing	slediti
pursuit	zasledovanje
purveyor	dobavitelj
purview	pristojnost
pus	pus
push	push
pusher	potisnik
pushing	potiskanje
pushover	pushover
pushy	pushy
puss	muco
pussy	muco
pussycat	pussycat
put	daj
putative	domnevno
putrid	gnezdo
puts	stavi
putt	Putt
putter	gnjat
putty	kit
puzzle	puzzle
puzzled	zmeden
puzzling	zmedo
pygmy	pigmy
pylon	pylon
pyramid	piramida
pyramidal	piramidalno
pyrotechnics	pirotehnika
python	python
quack	kvak
quad	quad
quadrangle	četverokotnik
quadrant	kvadrant
quadratic	kvadratno
quadrature	kvadratura
quadruple	štirikrat
quadrupole	kvadrupole
quagmire	Čarovnik
quail	prepelica
quaint	Zabaven
quake	potres
qualifications	kvalifikacije
qualified	kvalificirano
qualify	izpolnjujejo pogoje
qualifying	kvalificirani
qualities	kakovosti
quality	kakovost
quandary	Spandar
quantify	količinsko opredeliti
quantitative	kvantitativno
quantitatively	kvantitativno
quantity	količina
quantum	kvant
quarantine	karantena
quarrel	prepir
quarry	kamnolom
quart	kvart
quarter	četrtletje
quarterback	quarterback
quartered	četrtletje
quarterly	četrtletno
quartermaster	četrtmestnik
quarters	četrtine
quartet	kvartet
quartile	kvartil
quarto	NO TRANSLATION
quartz	kremen
quash	pomiri
quasi	kvazi
quaternary	kvartarna
quay	NO TRANSLATION
queasiness	queasiness
queasy	nerodno
queen	kraljica
queer	queer
quell	ustaviti
quench	gašenje
query	poizvedbo
quest	iskanje
question	vprašanje
questionable	vprašljivo
questioning	zaslišanje
questionnaire	vprašalnik
queue	čakalno vrsto
queues	čakalne vrste
quibble	Križanje
quiche	quiche
quick	hitro
quicken	pospešiti
quickie	Quickie
quickly	hitro
quickness	hitrosti
quicksand	oljke
quicksilver	klopi
quid	quid
quiescent	umirjen
quiet	tih
quietly	tiho
quill	pero
quilt	odeja
quince	kutina
quinine	kinin
quintet	kvintet
quirk	Vprašanje
quirky	domiseln
quit	prenehati
quits	odstopi
quitter	NO TRANSLATION
quiver	tresenje
quivering	tresenje
quiz	kviz
quorum	sklepčnost
quota	kvota
quotation	citat
quote	kvota
quotes	citate
quotient	kvocient
rabbi	rabin
rabbit	zajec
rabble	Grozljivka
rabid	poln
rabies	steklina
raccoon	Rakun
race	dirka
racehorse	racehorse
racer	dirkač
racetrack	dirkališče
racial	rasni
racism	rasizem
racist	rasist
rack	stojalo
racket	raketa
racketeering	izsiljevanje
racking	stiskanje
racquetball	racquetball
racy	racy
radar	radar
radial	radialno
radiance	sijaj
radiant	sijoče
radiate	sevati
radiation	sevanja
radiator	radiator
radical	radikalno
radically	radikalno
radio	radio
radioactive	radioaktivna
radioactivity	radioaktivnost
radiograph	radiografija
radiography	radiografija
radiologist	radiolog
radiology	radiologija
radish	redkev
radium	radij
radius	polmer
radon	radon
raffle	raffle
raft	splav
rag	krpo
rage	bes
ragemode	ragemode
ragetweet	NO TRANSLATION
ragged	razburjen
raggedy	raggedy
raging	divja
rags	krpe
ragtime	ragtime
raid	napad
raider	Raider
rail	železnica
railing	ograjo
railroad	železnica
railway	železnica
raiment	oblačila
rain	dež
rainbow	mavrica
rainbow trout	Mavrična postrv
rainbows	mavrice
raincoat	dežni plašč
raindrops	dežne kapljice
rainfall	padavin
rainforest	deževni gozd
rainmaker	deževnica
rainstorm	deževja
rainy	deževno
rainyday	deževen dan
raise	dvigni
raised	dvignjen
raisin	rozin
raising	dviganje
rake	rake
rally	rally
ram	Oven
ramble	ramble
rambling	neumnost
ramp	rampa
rampage	divljanje
rampant	Občasno
rampart	bedem
ramrod	ramrod
ranch	ranč
rancher	Rancher
rancid	rancid
random	naključen
randomly	naključno
randomness	naključnost
randy	randy
range	razpon
ranger	Ranger
rank	rank
ranking	razvrstitev
ransom	odkupnina
rant	rant
ranting	ranjenje
rap	rap
rape	posilstvo
rapid	hitro
rapidity	hitrost
rapids	brzice
rapist	posiljevalec
rapper	rapper
rapping	repping
rapport	NO TRANSLATION
rapt	rapt
raptor	raptor
raptors	raptorji
rapture	vznemirjenje
rare	redko
rarely	redko
rarity	redkost
rascal	rascal
rash	izpuščaj
raspberries	maline
raspberry	malina
rat	podgana
ratchet	ražnji
rate	oceniti
ratification	ratifikacijo
ratify	ratificirati
rating	rating
ratio	razmerje
ration	ration
rational	racionalno
rationale	utemeljitev
rationalism	racionalizem
rationality	racionalnost
rationalize	racionalizirati
rationing	racionalizacija
rattan	rattan
rattle	kreten
rattled	utripal
rattler	rattler
rattlesnake	rattlesnake
ratty	Ratty
raucous	raucous
ravage	razuzdanost
rave	rave
raven	gavran
ravenous	grenak
ravine	grapa
raving	gnjev
ravioli	ravioli
ravishing	Draga
raw	surov
rawhide	rawhide
rawr	rawr
ray	žarek
razor	britev
reach	doseči
react	reagirati
reaction	reakcija
reactionary	reakcionaren
reactive	reaktivno
reactor	reaktor
read	preberite
reader	bralec
readership	bralci
readily	hitro
readiness	pripravljenost
reading	branje
readjustment	prilagoditev
readout	odčitavanje
ready	pripravljen
readytogo	pripravljen da grem
reaffirm	ponovno potrdi
reagent	reagent
real	resnično
realism	realizem
realist	realist
realistic	realističen
reality	realnost
realization	realizacija
realize	uresničiti
realm	kraljestvo
realtor	Realtor
realty	nepremičnine
ream	ream
reap	žetev
reaper	žetveni stroj
reappear	ponovno se pojavijo
rear	zadaj
rearrange	preurediti
rearrangement	preureditev
reason	razlog
reasonable	razumno
reasonableness	razumnost
reasoning	razlogov
reasons	razlogov
reassemble	ponovno sestaviti
reassign	prerazporediti
reassignment	prerazporeditev
reassurance	pomiritev
reassure	pomiriti
reassured	pomirjen
reassuring	pomirjujoče
rebate	rabat
rebel	upornik
rebellion	upor
rebellious	uporniško
rebels	uporniki
rebirth	preporod
reboot	reboot
reborn	ponovno rojen
rebound	odmik
rebuild	obnoviti
rebuke	pregovor
rebut	izpodbijanje
rebuttal	izpodbijanje
recalcitrant	Odsoten
recall	odpoklic
recant	recant
recap	recap
recapture	ponovitev
recast	preoblikovati
recede	odstopite
receding	odstopanje
receipt	potrdilo o prejemu
receipts	prejemki
receive	prejeti
received	prejeto
receiver	sprejemnik
receiving	sprejema
recent	nedavno
receptacle	posoda
reception	sprejem
receptionist	receptorka
receptive	sprejemljivo
receptor	receptor
recess	pogoj
recesses	poglobitve
recession	recesija
recharge	polnjenje
recheck	ponovno preveri
recherche	NO TRANSLATION
recidivism	recidivizem
recipe	recept
recipient	prejemnika
reciprocal	recipročno
reciprocate	vračati
reciprocity	vzajemnost
recital	uvodna izjava
recitation	recitacija
recite	recite
reckless	nepremišljen
recklessness	brezobzirnost
reckon	račun
reckoning	račun
reclaim	vračilo
reclamation	Reklamacija
recline	naslonite se
reclining	spuščanje
recluse	opustite
recognition	priznanje
recognizable	prepoznaven
recognize	prepoznati
recognized	priznana
recoil	odtekanje
recollect	se spomnite
recollection	spominjanje
recombinant	rekombinantni
recombination	rekombinacija
recommend	priporočam
recommendation	priporočilo
recompense	nadomestilo
recon	ponovno
reconcile	uskladiti
reconciliation	sprava
reconfigure	preoblikovati
reconnaissance	izviđanje
reconnect	ponovno priključite
reconsider	ponovno pretehtati
reconsideration	ponovno preučitev
reconstitution	rekonstitucija
reconstruct	rekonstruirati
reconstruction	rekonstrukcija
reconstructive	rekonstruktivna
reconvene	ponovno vzpostaviti
record	zapis
recorder	snemalnik
recording	snemanje
recount	recount
recoup	nadomestiti
recourse	regres
recover	opomore
recoverable	predelati
recovery	obnovitev
recreate	ponovno ustvarite
recreation	rekreacija
recreational	rekreacijski
recruit	zaposlovati
recruiter	recruiter
recruiting	zaposlovanje
recruitment	zaposlovanje
recruits	recruits
rectal	rektal
rectangle	pravokotnik
rectangular	pravokotne
rectification	popravek
rectify	popraviti
rector	rektor
rectory	župnišče
rectum	rektum
recumbent	ležeča
recuperation	okrevanje
recur	ponovite
recurrence	ponovitev
recurrent	ponavljajoče se
recurring	ponavljajoče se
recursion	rekurzija
recursive	rekurzivno
recursively	rekurzivno
recycle	reciklirati
recycled	reciklirano
recycling	recikliranje
red	rdeča
reddish	rdečkasto
redecorate	preurediti
redeem	odkupiti
redeemed	odkupil
redemption	odkup
redesign	preoblikovanje
redhead	rdečelaska
redheaded	rdečelaska
redirect	preusmeri
redneck	redneck
redness	pordelost
redo	redo
redress	odškodnino
reduce	zmanjšati
reduced	zmanjšana
reduction	zmanjšanje
redundancy	odpuščanje
redundant	odveč
redwood	redwood
reed	trst
reef	greben
reefer	hladilnik
reefs	grebeni
reek	reek
reel	kolut
reelection	ponovni izbor
reeling	navijanje
reenactment	reenactment
reentry	ponovitev
reestablish	ponovno vzpostaviti
ref	ref
refer	glej
referee	sodnik
reference	referenca
referendum	referendum
referral	napotitev
refill	polnjenje
refine	natančneje
refined	rafinirano
refinement	prefinjenost
refinery	rafinerije
refining	rafiniranje
refit	popravi
reflect	odražajo
reflecting	odraža
reflection	razmišljanje
reflective	odsevna
reflector	reflektor
reflex	refleks
reflux	refluks
reform	reforme
reformation	reformacija
reformer	reformator
refraction	lomljenje
refractor	refraktor
refractory	ognjevarni
refrain	vzdržati
refraining	vzdrževanje
refresh	osvežite
refreshed	osvežil
refreshing	osvežujoč
refreshment	osvežitev
refrigerate	hladilnik
refrigeration	hlajenje
refrigerator	hladilnik
refuel	polnjenje goriva
refuge	zatočišče
refugee	begunec
refund	povračilo
refurbish	obnoviti
refusal	zavrnitev
refuse	zavrni
refused	zavrnil
refusing	zavrača
refutation	zavrnitev
refute	zavračati
regain	ponovno
regal	Regal
regalia	regalia
regard	glede
regatta	regata
regency	Regency
regenerate	regenerirati
regeneration	regeneracija
regent	regent
reggae	reggae
regime	režim
regimen	režim
regiment	polka
regimental	polkovnik
region	regija
regional	regionalno
regionalism	regionalizem
register	register
registrar	registrar
registration	registracija
registry	registra
regress	regres
regression	regresija
regressive	regresivno
regret	obžalujem
regretful	obžalovanja vreden
regrettable	obžalovanja vreden
regretted	obžaloval
regretting	obžalovanje
regroup	preoblikovati
regular	redno
regularity	rednost
regulars	redno
regulate	urediti
regulated	urejeno
regulation	ureditev
regulator	regulator
regulatory	regulatorni
regurgitation	regurgitacija
rehab	rehabilitacija
rehabilitate	rehabilitirati
rehabilitation	rehabilitacija
rehash	rehash
rehearsal	vaja
rehearse	vadba
reign	vladati
reigning	vladar
reimburse	povrniti
reimbursement	povračilo
rein	rein
reincarnation	reinkarnacija
reindeer	severni jelen
reinforce	okrepiti
reinforcement	okrepitev
reinforcements	okrepitve
reins	vzpenjanja
reinstall	ponovno namestite
reinstate	ponovno vzpostavite
reinstatement	ponovno vzpostavitev
reinvest	reinvestirati
reinvestment	reinvestiranje
reiterate	ponovite
reject	Zavrni
rejected	zavrnjen
rejection	zavrnitev
rejects	zavrača
rejoice	veselite se
rejoicing	veselje
rejoin	rejoži
rejuvenate	pomladiti
rejuvenated	pomlajen
rekindle	ponovno vžge
relapse	ponovitev
relate	se nanašajo
related	povezane
relation	razmerje
relationship	razmerje
relative	relativno
relativity	relativnost
relax	Sprostite se
relaxant	relaksant
relaxation	sprostitev
relaxed	sproščeno
relaxing	sproščujoče
relay	rele
release	sprostitev
released	sprosti
relegation	izpad
relentless	neusmiljen
relevance	pomembnost
relevancy	relevantnost
relevant	pomembno
reliability	zanesljivost
reliable	zanesljiv
reliance	odvisnost
relic	relikvije
relics	relikvije
relief	relief
relieve	razbremeniti
relieved	olajšan
relieving	lajšanje
relight	relight
religion	religija
religious	religiozno
relinquish	odreči se
relish	uživajte
relive	podoživite
reload	ponovno naloži
relocate	preseliti
relocation	premestitev
reluctance	nenaklonjenost
reluctant	neradi
rely	zanašajte se
remain	ostanejo
remainder	preostanek
remaining	ostalo
remains	ostanki
remake	remake
remand	pripor
remark	pripombe
remarkable	izjemno
remarkably	Izjemno
remarry	poročni
rematch	remavat
remedial	remedial
remedy	zdravilo
remember	Zapomni si
remembered	spomnil
remembering	spominjanje
remembrance	spominjanje
remind	opomni
reminder	opomnik
reminisce	spominjati
reminiscent	spominja
reminiscing	spominjanje
remiss	remiss
remission	odpust
remit	pristojnost
remittance	nakazila
remnant	ostanek
remodel	remodel
remorse	zaskrbljenost
remorseful	žalostno
remote	oddaljeni
remoteness	oddaljenost
removal	odstranitev
remove	odstraniti
remover	odstranjevalec
remuneration	plačilo
renaissance	renesansa
renal	ledvice
rencontre	NO TRANSLATION
rend	NO TRANSLATION
render	render
rendering	renderiranje
rendezvous	srečanje
rendition	izročitev
renegade	odmetnik
renegotiate	ponovno pogajati
renew	obnoviti
renewal	obnovitev
renounce	odreči se
renovate	prenoviti
renovated	prenovljen
renovation	prenova
renown	slovo
renowned	znana
rent	najem
rental	najem
renter	najemnik
renunciation	odrek
reopen	ponovno odpreti
reorganization	reorganizacija
reorganize	reorganizirati
rep	rep
repaint	repaint
repair	popravilo
repairman	strokovnjak
reparation	reparacija
repay	odplačati
repayment	odplačilo
repeal	razveljavitev
repeat	ponovite
repeated	ponovi
repeatedly	večkrat
repeater	repetitor
repel	odbijte
repellant	repelent
repellent	repelent
repelling	odbijanje
repent	se pokesati
repentance	kesanje
repentant	pokesan
repertoire	repertoar
repertory	repertoar
repetition	ponavljanje
repetitive	ponavljajoče se
rephrase	preoblikovati
replace	zamenjati
replacement	zamenjava
replay	ponovitev
replenish	dopolni
replete	poln
replica	replika
replicate	ponovite
replication	replikacija
reply	odgovor
report	poročilo
reported	poročali
reporter	poročevalec
repose	Odloži
reposition	premeščanje
repository	skladišče
repossess	ponovnega nakupa
reprehensible	žalostno
represent	predstavljajo
representation	zastopanje
representative	predstavnik
represented	zastopani
representing	zastopanje
repress	zatiranje
repressed	potisnjena
repression	zatiranje
reprieve	odreči se
reprimand	opomin
reprint	ponatis
reprisal	odmazde
reprise	reprise
reproach	sramota
reproduce	razmnoževati
reproduction	reprodukcija
reproductive	reproduktivno
reprogram	reprogram
reptile	plazilec
republic	republika
republican	republikanski
repudiation	odklonitev
repugnance	odvratnost
repugnant	odvratni
repulsion	odboj
repulsive	odvraten
repurchase	odkup
reputable	ugledna
reputation	ugled
repute	ugled
reputed	cenjen
request	prošnja
requiem	rekv
require	zahtevajo
required	zahtevano
requirement	zahteva
requisite	potreben
requisition	rekvizicija
reread	ponovno preberi
reroute	preusmeri
rerun	ponovitev
reschedule	prestavi
rescind	preklicati
rescission	reševanje
rescue	reševanje
research	raziskave
researcher	raziskovalec
resection	resekcija
resemblance	podobnost
resemble	podobni
resembling	podoben
resent	resent
resentful	užaljen
resentment	nezadovoljstvo
reservation	rezervacijo
reserve	rezerva
reserved	rezervirano
reserves	rezerve
reservoir	rezervoar
reset	ponastaviti
reside	prebivati
residence	prebivališče
residences	stanovanja
residency	rezidenca
resident	rezident
residential	stanovanjske
residual	preostalo
residue	ostanek
resign	odstopiti
resignation	odstop
resigned	odstopil
resilience	odpornost
resilient	odporen
resin	smola
resist	upreti se
resistance	odpornost
resistant	odporen
resisting	odporen
resistive	upor
resolute	odločno
resolutely	odločno
resolution	resolucija
resolve	rešiti
resolved	rešeno
resonance	resonanca
resonant	resonančno
resonate	resonirati
resonator	resonator
resort	resort
resounding	odmevno
resource	vir
resourceful	iznajdljiv
resources	virov
respect	spoštovanje
respectability	spoštljivost
respectable	ugledna
respected	Spoštovani
respectful	spoštljiv
respecting	spoštovanje
respective	ustrezno
respects	spoštuje
respiration	dihanje
respirator	respirator
respiratory	dihala
respite	predaha
resplendent	sijajni
respond	odgovoriti
respondent	anketiranec
response	odziv
responsibility	odgovornost
responsible	odgovoren
responsive	odziven
rest	počitek
restart	ponovni zagon
restaurant	restavracija
rested	počivala
restful	prijeten
restitution	vrnitev
restless	brez počitka
restlessness	nemir
restock	Restock
restoration	obnovitev
restorative	restavrativno
restore	obnoviti
restored	obnovljena
restoring	obnavljanje
restrain	zadržati
restrained	zadržani
restraining	omejitev
restraint	omejitev
restrict	omejiti
restricted	omejeno
restriction	omejitev
restrictive	omejevalno
restroom	WC-ja
result	rezultat
resultant	rezultat
resume	Nadaljuj
resumption	nadaljevanje
resurrect	vstajenje
resurrection	vstajenje
resuscitate	ponovno oživijo
resuscitation	oživljanje
retail	maloprodaja
retailer	trgovec na drobno
retain	zadrži
retainer	zadrževalnik
retaining	ohranjanje
retake	ponovno vzemite
retaliate	maščevati
retaliation	maščevanje
retaliatory	Povratni
retard	retard
retardation	zaostajanje
retarded	zaostalih
retards	zaostaja
retention	zadrževanje
retentive	zadržan
rethink	ponovno premislite
reticent	nezdružen
retina	mrežnica
retinal	mrežnica
retire	upokojiti se
retired	upokojen
retirement	upokojitev
retiring	upokojitev
retold	preklicati
retort	retort
retrace	ponoviti
retract	umaknite se
retraction	umik
retractor	navijalo
retreat	umik
retrenchment	zamrznitev
retrial	ponovno sojenje
retribution	odmev
retrieval	iskanje
retrieve	naloži
retriever	retriever
retro	retro
retroactive	retroaktivna
retrograde	retrogradno
retrospect	retrospektiva
retrospective	retrospektiva
retrospectively	retrospektivno
return	vrnitev
reunion	združitev
reunite	ponovno združiti
reunited	ponovno združeni
rev	rev
reveal	razkrivajo
revel	razvajati
revelation	razodetje
revelations	razkritja
revels	razveseljuje
revenge	maščevanje
revenue	prihodkov
reverberation	odmev
revere	spoštovati
reverence	spoštovanje
reverend	spoštovati
reverent	spoštljiv
reverie	sanjarjenje
reversal	preobrat
reverse	obratno
reversion	reversijo
revert	nazaj
reverting	vračanje
review	pregled
reviewer	pregledovalca
revise	revidirati
revision	revizija
revisit	ponovno
revival	oživitev
revive	oživiti
revocation	preklic
revoke	prekliči
revolt	upor
revolting	revoltiranje
revolution	revolucija
revolutionary	revolucionarno
revolutionize	revolucijo
revolve	se vrti
revolver	revolver
revolving	revolving
revue	revija
revulsion	odvratnost
revving	revving
reward	nagrada
rewarding	nagrajevanje
rewind	previj nazaj
rewire	rewire
rewrite	prepisati
rhapsody	Rhapsody
rhetoric	retorika
rhetorical	retorično
rheumatism	revmatizem
rhinestone	rhinestone
rhino	Nosorog
rhinoceros	nosoroga
rhubarb	rabarbara
rhyme	rima
rhyming	rhyming
rhythm	ritem
rhythmic	ritmično
rhythmical	ritmično
rib	rebro
ribbed	rebrast
ribbon	trak
rice	riž
rich	bogat
riches	bogastvo
richness	bogastvo
rick	Rick
rickety	Rickety
rickshaw	rickshaw
ricochet	ricochet
rid	reši
riddance	Brezskrbnost
riddle	uganka
riddled	preganjani
ride	vožnja
rider	voznik
ridge	greben
ridicule	posmeh
ridiculed	smešno
ridiculous	smešno
riding	jahati
rife	obsežen
riff	riff
riffraff	riffraff
rifle	puško
rifleman	rifleman
rifles	puške
rift	razkola
rig	ploščad
rigged	opremljeni
rigging	vrvje
right	prav
righteous	pravičen
righteousness	pravičnost
rightful	pravilno
rightly	upravičeno
righty	prav
rigid	togo
rigidity	togost
rigor	strogost
rigorous	strogo
rim	platišče
rind	skorja
ring	prstan
ringer	zvonec
ringing	zvonjenje
ringleader	vodja
ringmaster	ringmaster
ringside	ringside
rink	drsališče
rinse	sperite
riot	nemiri
rioting	nemir
riotous	riotno
riots	nemiri
rip	počivaj v miru
riparian	obrežje
ripe	zrela
ripen	zorenje
ripening	zorenje
ripper	Ripper
ripple	valovanje
rippling	Ripe
rise	vzpon
rising	narašča
risk	tveganje
risky	tvegano
risotto	rižoto
rite	obred
ritual	ritual
ritualistic	ritualistično
rival	tekmec
rivalry	rivalstvo
river	reka
riverbank	rečni breg
riverbed	strugo
riverboat	riverboat
rivet	zakovica
riveted	zakovice
riveting	kovičenje
roach	roach
road	cesta
roadblock	cestna blokada
roadhouse	roadhouse
roadie	roadie
roadrage	NO TRANSLATION
roadrunner	roadrunner
roads	ceste
roadside	na cesti
roadster	roadster
roadtrip	roadtrip
roadway	cestni promet
roadworks	cestna dela
roam	roam
roar	Roker
roaring	Ruri
roast	pečenka
roasted	pražen
rob	rob
robber	ropar
robbery	rop
robe	haljo
robin	taščica
robot	robot
robotic	robotsko
robotics	robotika
robust	robusten
roc	roc
rock	rock
rocker	rocker
rocket	raketa
rocks	skale
rod	palica
rodent	glodalec
rodeo	rodeo
roe	roe
rogue	lopov
role	vloga
roll	roll
roller	valj
rollercoaster	rollercoaster
rollers	valji
rollicking	valjanje
rolling	valjanje
roman	roman
romance	romance
romantic	romantično
romanticism	romantika
romp	romp
roof	streha
rooftop	streha
rook	rook
rookie	novinec
room	soba
roomful	prostoren
roommate	sostanovalec
rooms	sobe
roomy	prostoren
roost	žganje
rooster	petelin
root	root
root beer	brezalkoholno pivo
rooted	zakoreninjen
rope	vrv
ropes	vrvi
rosary	rosary
rose	roza
rosemary	rožmarin
rosette	rozeta
roster	seznam
rosy	rožnato
rot	gnilobe
rota	rota
rotary	rotacijski
rotate	vrtite
rotation	rotacija
rote	rote
rotor	rotor
rotten	gnusen
rotting	gnitje
rotunda	rotunda
rouge	rouge
rough	grobo
roughly	grobo
roughneck	grobo
roughness	hrapavost
roulette	ruleta
round	okrogla
roundabout	krožišče
rounded	zaokroženo
roundup	zaokroži navzgor
rouse	rouse
rouser	rouser
rousing	routing
rout	potopite
route	pot
routine	rutinsko
rove	Rove
rover	rover
roving	roving
row	vrstico
rowboat	čolnarjenje
rowdy	Razbojnik
rowing	veslanje
royal	kraljevsko
royalty	royalty
rub	rub
rubber	gume
rubbers	gume
rubbing	drgnjenje
rubbish	smeti
rubble	ruševine
rubdown	rubdown
rubric	rubric
ruby	ruby
ruckus	ruckus
rudder	krmilo
ruddy	rdeč
rude	nesramen
rudeness	nevljudnost
rudimentary	osnovno
rudiments	okraski
rue	rue
rueful	žalostno
ruff	Ruf
ruffian	ruffian
ruffle	Rufle
rug	preprogo
rugby	rugby
rugged	Robusten
ruin	uniči
ruination	uničenje
ruined	uničen
ruinous	uničujoče
ruins	ruševine
rule	pravilo
ruler	vladar
ruling	odločitev
rum	rum
rumba	rumba
rumble	Rumble
rummage	pretvarjanje
rumor	govorica
rumored	govorice
rump	rump
rumpus	rumpus
run	teči
runaround	teči okrog
runaway	teci stran
rundown	zmanjkati
runes	runes
rung	rung
runner	Runner
running	teče
running shoes	tekaški čevlji
runny	teči
runt	NO TRANSLATION
runway	steza
rupture	ruptura
rural	podeželja
ruse	NO TRANSLATION
rush	hitenje
rushing	rushing
rust	rje
rusted	rjavega
rustic	rustikalna
rustle	šok
rustler	šopek
rusty	rjavkasta
rut	rut
ruth	ruth
ruthless	brezobzirno
rye	rž
sabbatical	sobotno
saber	NO TRANSLATION
sable	sable
sabotage	sabotaža
saboteur	saboteur
sac	sac
sack	vreča
sacrament	zakrament
sacred	sveto
sacrifice	žrtev
sacrifices	žrtve
sacrificial	žrtev
sacrilege	svetost
sacrilegious	svetost
sad	žalostno
sadday	NO TRANSLATION
saddens	saddens
saddle	sedlo
sadist	sadist
sadistic	sadistično
sadly	žalostno
sadness	žalost
safari	safari
safe	varno
safeguard	zaščititi
safekeeping	hramba
safety	varnost
saffron	žafran
sag	sag
saga	saga
sage	žajbelj
saggy	saggy
sail	jadro
sailboat	jadrnica
sailing	jadranje
sailor	mornar
saint	svetnik
sainted	svetnik
saintly	svetnik
sake	sake
salad	solata
salamander	salamander
salami	salami
salary	plača
sale	prodajo
salesgirl	prodajna ženska
salesman	prodajalec
salient	značilen
saline	fiziološka raztopina
saliva	slina
sally	Sally
salmon	lososa
salmonella	salmonela
salon	salon
saloon	salon
salsa	salsa
salt	sol
salted	nasoljen
saltwater	slana voda
salty	slan
salutary	pozdravi
salutation	pozdrav
salute	pozdravi
salvage	reševanje
salvation	odrešitev
salve	reši
samba	samba
sameness	enost
sample	vzorec
samurai	samuraj
sanatorium	sanatorij
sanctification	posvečenje
sanctified	posvečen
sanctify	posveti
sanctimonious	čustven
sanction	sankcija
sanctioned	sankcionirano
sanctity	svetost
sanctuary	svetišče
sanctum	sanctum
sand	pesek
sandal	sandale
sandbox	peskovnik
sander	Brusilnik
sandman	Sandman
sandpaper	brusni papir
sands	pesek
sandstorm	pesek
sandwich	sendvič
sandy	peščena
sane	razumno
sanguine	sanguine
sanitarium	sanitarium
sanitary	sanitarno
sanitation	sanitarije
sanity	razum
sans	NO TRANSLATION
santa	santa
sap	sap
sapiens	sapiens
sapphire	safir
sappy	Sappy
sarcasm	sarkazem
sarcastic	sarkastičen
sarcoma	sarkoma
sarcophagus	sarkofag
sardine	sardina
sardonic	sardonski
sarsaparilla	sarsaparilla
sash	krilo
sashimi	sashimi
sassafras	sassafras
sassy	Sassy
satanic	satanic
satchel	torbica
sate	NO TRANSLATION
satellite	satelit
satin	saten
satire	satira
satirical	satirično
satisfaction	zadovoljstvo
satisfactorily	zadovoljivo
satisfactory	zadovoljivo
satisfied	zadovoljni
satisfy	zadovoljiti
satisfying	zadovoljstvo
saturate	nasičeno
saturated	nasičen
saturation	nasičenost
satyr	satir
sauce	omaka
saucepan	ponev
saucer	krožnik
saucy	Sucy
sauerkraut	kislo zelje
sauna	savna
sausage	klobase
savage	divji
savagery	divjaštvo
savanna	savana
savannah	savana
savant	savant
save	shranite
saver	varčevalnik
saving	varčevanje
savings	prihranki
savior	rešitelj
savor	aromo
savory	slano
savvy	zdrava pamet
saw	videl
sawdust	žagovina
sawmill	žaga
sax	saksofon
saxophone	saksofon
say	reči
sayonara	NO TRANSLATION
scab	kraba
scabbard	pleča
scaffold	oder
scaffolding	oder
scalding	opekline
scale	obsega
scales	luske
scallop	pokrovček
scalp	lasišče
scalpel	skalpel
scaly	luskasto
scam	prevara
scamp	ožigalnik
scampi	scampi
scan	skeniranje
scandal	škandal
scandalous	škandalozno
scanner	skener
scanty	skromno
scape	Scape
scapegoat	grešni kozel
scar	brazgotina
scarab	Scarab
scarce	malo
scarcely	komajda
scarcity	pomanjkanje
scare	prestraši
scarecrow	strašilo
scared	prestrašen
scares	prestraši
scarf	šal
scarier	strašnejši
scariest	najstrašnejši
scarlet	škrlat
scary	strašno
scat	škatla
scatter	razprši
scattered	raztresen
scattering	razprševanje
scavenger	čistilec
scenario	scenarij
scene	scene
scenery	kulise
scenic	scensko
scent	vonj
scented	dišeče
scepter	žezlo
sceptical	skeptičen
scepticism	Skepticizem
schadenfreude	schadenfreude
schedule	urnik
schematic	shematično
scheme	shemo
schilling	šiling
schism	razkola
schizophrenia	shizofrenija
schizophrenic	shizofrenija
schlep	šlep
schmuck	NO TRANSLATION
schnapps	šnavci
schnitzel	schnitzel
scholar	učenjak
scholarly	znanstveno
scholarship	štipendija
scholastic	šolastično
school	šola
schoolboy	šolar
schoolgirl	šolarka
schoolhouse	schoolhouse
schooling	šolanje
schoolmaster	učitelj
schoolteacher	NO TRANSLATION
schoolwork	šolsko delo
schoolyard	šolo
schooner	škatla
sciatica	išias
science	znanost
scientific	znanstveni
scientist	znanstvenik
scifi	scifi
scintilla	NO TRANSLATION
scintillating	Scintillating
scintillation	scintilacija
scintillator	Scintilator
scion	scion
scissors	škarje
scoff	zmedo
scold	Rahlo
scolding	hvaliti
scone	Scone
scoop	zajemalko
scoot	Skot
scooter	skuter
scope	področje uporabe
scorch	izžarek
scorching	žganje
score	rezultat
scoreboard	preglednica
scorer	zapisnik
scores	rezultati
scorn	prezir
scorned	prezir
scornful	prezir
scorpion	škorpijon
scotch	Scotch
scoundrel	Nesreča
scour	preganjajo
scourge	nadloga
scout	skavt
scowl	prekleti
scrabble	Scrabble
scram	scram
scramble	premešati
scrambled	premešan
scrambler	skrambler
scrambling	premešati
scrap	ostanek
scrapbook	beležka
scrape	strgal
scrapie	praskavec
scraping	strganje
scrappy	prekleto
scratch	praska
scratchy	nered
scrawny	Očarljiv
scream	kričati
screamer	screamer
screaming	kričati
screech	vijuga
screen	zaslon
screening	presejanje
screenplay	scenarij
screenwriter	scenarist
screw	vijak
screwball	vijak
screwdriver	izvijač
screwed	privijte
screwy	Vijoličasta
screwyou	NO TRANSLATION
scribble	škripanje
scribe	pisar
scrimmage	škripanje
scrip	obrezovanje
script	skripta
scriptural	biblijski
scripture	Sveto pismo
scroll	pomaknite se
scrotum	moda
scrounge	Prekleti
scrounger	skrounger
scrub	piling
scruffy	Skrbi
scrumptious	Scrumptious
scrupulous	Skrbno
scrutinize	preučiti
scrutiny	pregled
scuba	potapljanje
scuff	škoda
scuffle	razburjaj
scullery	lutka
sculptor	kipar
sculpture	skulptura
sculptured	skulpturirane
scum	žrebec
scumbag	scumbag
scurry	Stojijo
scurvy	skorbut
scuttle	Streljaj
sea	morje
seaboard	podmorje
seafood	morski sadeži
seagull	galeb
seal	pečat
seals	pečati
seam	šiv
seaman	mornar
seamless	brezšivne
seamstress	šiva
seaport	pristanišče
sear	iskati
search	Iskanje
searching	iskanje
searchlight	iskalni svetlobi
seared	zrezek
seashore	morje
seasick	morska bolezen
seaside	morje
season	sezona
seasonal	sezonsko
seasoned	začinjeno
seasoning	začimbe
seat	sedež
seatbelt	varnostni pas
seating	sedežev
seawater	morsko vodo
seaweed	morske alge
sec	str
secession	odcepitev
secluded	osamljen
seclusion	ločitev
second	drugič
second cousin	drugi bratranec
secondary	sekundarno
secondhand	rabljeno
secrecy	tajnost
secret	skrivnost
secretariat	sekretariat
secretary	sekretar
secrete	izločiti
secretion	izločanje
secretive	skrivnostno
secretly	skrivno
sect	sekta
sectarian	sektaški
section	oddelek
sectional	presek
sector	sektorju
secular	sekularno
secularism	sekularizem
secure	varno
securities	vrednostne papirje
security	varnost
sedan	NO TRANSLATION
sedate	sedate
sedation	sedacija
sedative	sedativ
sedentary	sedel
sedge	Sedge
sediment	usedline
sedimentary	sedimentno
sedition	zmedenost
seduce	zapeljati
seducer	zapeljivec
seducing	zapeljevanje
seduction	zapeljevanje
seductive	zapeljiv
see	glej
seed	seme
seedling	sadike
seeds	semena
seedy	Seedy
seek	iščite
seeker	iskalec
seem	zdi se
seemingly	navidez
seer	videl
seesaw	kljuka
seething	zasukanje
segment	segmentu
segregate	ločite
segregated	ločeni
segregation	segregacija
seismic	seizmični
seize	izkoristiti
seizure	zaseg
seldom	redko
select	izberite
selection	izbira
selective	selektivno
selectman	selektor
selenium	selen
self	jaz
selfharm	NO TRANSLATION
selfish	sebičen
selfishness	sebičnost
selfless	nesebičen
selflove	NO TRANSLATION
selfworth	NO TRANSLATION
sell	prodati
seller	prodajalec
sellout	razprodati
seltzer	Seltzer
semantics	semantika
semaphore	semafor
semblance	podobnost
semen	semena
semester	semester
semi	pol
semiautomatic	NO TRANSLATION
semicolon	podpičje
seminal	seminal
seminar	seminar
seminary	seminar
semiotics	semiotika
senate	senat
senator	senator
send	pošlji
sender	pošiljatelja
senescence	senescence
senile	senilen
senior	starejši
seniority	delovno dobo
senor	senor
senorita	senorita
sensation	občutek
sensational	senzacionalno
sense	smisel
senseless	nesmiselno
senses	občutki
sensibility	senzibilnost
sensible	Občutljiv
sensibly	smiselno
sensitive	občutljivo
sensitivity	občutljivost
sensor	senzor
sensory	senzorično
sensual	čutno
sensuality	čutnost
sensuous	čutno
sentence	stavka
sentencing	kazni
sentient	čutno
sentiment	sentiment
sentimental	sentimentalno
sentimentality	sentimentality
sentinel	nadzornik
sentry	stražar
separable	ločljiv
separate	ločeni
separately	ločeno
separation	ločitev
separatist	separatist
sepia	sepija
sepsis	sepse
sept	sept
septic	septična
septum	septum
sequel	nadaljevanje
sequence	zaporedje
sequent	sekvenca
sequestered	sekvestrirane
sequestration	sekvestracija
serenade	serenada
serendipity	serendipity
serene	miren
serenity	spokojnost
sergeant	narednik
serial	serijski
serialize	zaporedno
series	serije
serif	serif
serious	resno
seriousness	resnost
sermon	pridiga
serpent	kača
serpentine	serpentina
serrated	nazobčan
serum	serum
servant	služabnik
serve	služijo
server	strežnik
service	storitev
serviceable	uporabno
servile	servile
servitude	služnost
sesame	sezam
sess	NO TRANSLATION
session	seja
sessions	seje
set	nastavite
setback	nazadovanje
sett	NO TRANSLATION
setter	setter
settle	poravnati
settled	poravnana
settlement	naselje
settler	naseljenec
settlor	urednik
setup	nastaviti
seven	sedem
seventeen	sedemnajst
seventh	sedmi
seventy	sedemdeset
sever	sever
severable	ločljiv
severally	severno
severance	odprava
severe	hudo
severely	resno
severity	resnost
sew	šivati
sewage	kanalizacija
sewer	kanalizacija
sewerage	kanalizacija
sewing	šivanje
sex	seks
sexist	seksist
sexual	spolno
sexuality	seksualnost
sexy	seksi
shabby	obrita
shack	shack
shackle	skodelico
shade	senco
shades	odtenki
shading	senčenje
shadow	senca
shadowy	senčen
shady	senčen
shaft	gred
shag	shag
shaggy	grdo
shake	pretresite
shakedown	Shakedown
shaken	pretresen
shaker	stresalnik
shaking	tresenje
shaky	stresan
shall	se
shallow	plitvo
shallows	plitvine
sham	lažno
shaman	šaman
shambles	Škoda
shame	sram
shamed	sram
shameful	sramotno
shameless	brez sramu
shampoo	šampon
shanghai	Šanghaj
shank	greben
shanty	shanty
shape	obliko
shapely	oblikovno
shard	Shard
share	deliti
shareholder	delničar
sharing	delitev
shark	morski pes
sharp	ostro
sharpen	izostriti
sharpened	ostro
sharpener	šilček
sharpness	ostrina
sharpshooter	ostrižnik
shatter	Razbiti
shattered	razburjen
shattering	razburjen
shave	britje
shaver	brivnik
shaving	britje
shawl	šal
sheaf	snop
shear	striženje
shears	škarje
sheath	plašč
sheathing	plašč
shed	shed
sheen	sen
sheep	ovce
sheepdog	ovčar
sheepish	ovčje
sheer	čisto
sheet	list
sheik	Sheik
shelf	polica
shell	lupina
shellfish	lupinar
shelling	luščenje
shelter	zavetje
sheltered	zaščiteno
shelters	zavetišča
shelved	odložili
shepherd	pastir
sherbet	šerbet
sheriff	šerif
sherry	sherry
shield	ščit
shift	premik
shifting	premikanje
shifty	prekleto
shilling	šiling
shimmer	šimer
shimmering	Svetleč
shimmy	Šimmy
shin	shin
shindig	shindig
shine	sijaj
shiner	Shiner
shingle	skodelica
shining	sije
shiny	svetleč
ship	ladja
shipment	pošiljka
shipping	Dostava
shipshape	ladja
shipwreck	brodolom
shipyard	ladjedelnica
shire	Shire
shirt	majica
shit	sranje
shitday	NO TRANSLATION
shitfaced	sranje
shithead	sranje
shitless	sranje
shitload	shitload
shittest	NO TRANSLATION
shitty	sranje
shiver	Stisni
shivering	drgetanje
shoals	plitvine
shock	šok
shocked	šokiran
shocker	šokantno
shocking	šokantno
shockingly	šokantno
shoddy	Dražilen
shoe	čevelj
shoelace	čevljar
shoemaker	čevljar
shoes	čevlji
shoeshine	čevlji
shook	stresel
shoot	ustrelil
shooter	strelec
shooting	streljanje
shootout	streljanje
shop	trgovina
shopkeeper	trgovec
shoplifter	trgovec
shoplifting	trgovina
shopper	kupec
shopping	nakupovanje
shore	obala
shoreline	obrežna linija
shorn	Shorn
short	kratek
short story	kratka zgodba
shortage	pomanjkanje
shortcake	bližnjica
shortcoming	pomanjkljivost
shortcut	bližnjico
shorten	skrajšajte
shortening	skrajšanje
shorthand	stenografija
shortly	kmalu
shortness	kratkost
shorts	kratke hlače
shortstop	primanjkljaj
shortwave	kratki val
shot	strel
shotgun	puško
shoulder	ramo
shout	kričati
shove	potisni
shovel	lopato
shoveling	kopanje
show	show
showbiz	showbiz
showboat	showboat
showcase	vitrina
showdown	showdown
shower	tuš
showgirl	showgirl
showing	prikazovanje
showoff	važič
showroom	razstavni prostor
showy	prodoren
shrapnel	šrapnel
shred	shred
shrew	zrezek
shrewd	pameten
shriek	kričati
shrill	navzdol
shrimp	kozice
shrine	svetišče
shrink	skrči
shrinking	krčenje
shrivel	sranje
shroud	pokrov
shrub	grm
shrubbery	grmičevje
shrug	skomig
shrunk	skrčila
shrunken	skrčen
shudder	stresel
shuddering	stresanje
shuffle	shuffle
shuffleboard	shuffleboard
shuffling	premešanje
shun	Izogibaj se
shunned	izogniti se
shunt	shant
shut	Zapri
shutdown	ugasniti
shuteye	NO TRANSLATION
shutit	NO TRANSLATION
shutter	zaklop
shuttle	shuttle
shutup	NO TRANSLATION
shy	sramežljiv
shyness	stidljivost
shyster	šaster
sib	NO TRANSLATION
sibling	brata
sic	sic
sick	bolan
sickbay	bolezen
sicken	bolan
sickening	bolan
sickle	srp
sickly	bolan
sickness	bolezen
side	stran
sidearm	Sidearm
sidebar	stranske vrstice
sideboard	tabla
sideburns	bočnih stranic
sidecar	priklopnik
sidekick	Sidekick
sideline	stransko
sideshow	stransko
sidestep	sidestep
sidewalk	pločnik
sideways	ob strani
sidewinder	Sidewinder
siege	obleganje
siesta	siesta
sieve	sito
sift	presejanje
sifting	presejanje
sigh	vzdih
sight	pogled
sighting	opazovanje
sightseeing	ogled znamenitosti
sigma	sigma
sign	znak
signal	signal
signature	podpis
significance	pomembnost
significant	pomembno
signification	pomen
signify	označite
signpost	smerokaz
silence	tišina
silencer	glušnik
silent	tiho
silently	tiho
silhouette	silhueta
silicon	silicij
silicone	silikon
silk	svila
silken	svilena
silky	svilnato
sill	prag
silliness	neumnosti
silly	neumno
silo	silos
silt	mulj
silver	srebro
silverware	srebrnina
silvery	srebrno
similar	podobno
similarity	podobnost
simile	NO TRANSLATION
simmer	simmer
simmering	kuhanje
simple	preprosto
simples	NO TRANSLATION
simpleton	Simpleton
simplicity	preprostost
simplify	poenostaviti
simplistic	poenostavljeno
simply	preprosto
simulate	simulirati
simulated	simulirano
simulating	simuliranje
simulation	simulacija
simulator	simulator
simultaneous	istočasno
simultaneously	hkrati
sin	NO TRANSLATION
sincere	iskreno
sincerity	iskrenost
sinful	grešno
sing	poje
singer	pevka
singing	petje
single	samski
singly	posamično
singular	edinstven
singularity	singularnost
singularly	edinstveno
sinister	zloben
sink	potopite
sinker	potapljača
sinking	potopiti
sinner	grešnik
sinning	grešenje
sinus	sinus
sip	sip
siphon	sifon
sipping	pihanje
sir	Gospod
sire	gospod
siren	sirena
sirloin	sirloin
sissy	Sissy
sister	sestra
sisterhood	sestrinstvo
sit	sedi
sitcom	sitcom
site	stran
sith	sith
sitter	sitter
sitting	sedi
situate	položaj
situated	nahaja
situation	situacija
six	šest
sixpence	šestkrat
sixteen	šestnajst
sixth	šesto
sixty	šestdeset
sizable	precejšen
size	velikost
sizzle	sizzle
ska	NO TRANSLATION
skate	skate
skateboard	skateboard
skater	drsalec
skating	drsanje
skedaddle	skedaddle
skeet	skeet
skein	skein
skeletal	skelet
skeleton	okostje
skeptic	skeptik
skeptical	skeptičen
skepticism	Skepticizem
sketch	skica
sketching	skiciranje
sketchy	sketchy
skewed	skewed
skewer	skewer
ski	smučanje
skid	drsanje
skier	smučar
skiff	skiff
skiing	smučanje
skijump	NO TRANSLATION
skill	spretnost
skilled	usposobljeni
skillet	ponev
skillful	spretno
skim	skim
skimpy	skodljiv
skin	koža
skinny	suh
skip	preskočite
skipper	skiper
skirmish	spopad
skirt	krilo
skirting	drsenje
skirts	krila
skit	skit
skittish	Skittish
skull	lobanja
skunk	Skunk
sky	nebo
skylight	strešno okno
skyline	skyline
skyscraper	nebotičnik
slab	plošča
slack	Slack
slag	žlindra
slam	Slam
slammer	Slammer
slander	klevetanje
slanderous	ponižujoče
slang	slen
slant	poševno
slap	Slap
slash	poševnica
slashes	poševnice
slate	skrilavec
slates	skrilavci
slaughter	zakol
slaughterhouse	klavnice
slaughtering	zakol
slave	suženj
slavery	suženjstvo
slay	ubiti
slayer	Slayer
sleaze	sleaze
sleazy	sleazy
sled	NO TRANSLATION
sledding	sankanje
sledge	sanke
sledgehammer	čevelj
sleek	mehek
sleep	spanje
sleeper	spalni
sleeping	spanje
sleepless	brez slepa
sleeplessness	nespečnost
sleepover	spanje
sleepy	zaspani
sleepyhead	zaspanko
sleet	slenet
sleeve	rokav
sleeveless	brez rokavov
sleigh	sani
sleight	Prekleto
slender	vitko
sleuth	sleuth
slice	rezina
slick	Slick
slicker	Sliker
slide	zdrs
slider	drsnik
sliding	drsna
slight	rahlo
slight anticipation	rahlo pričakovanje
slight disgust	rahlega gnusa
slight surprise	rahlo presenečenje
slight trust	rahlo zaupanje
slightly	malce
slightly negative	rahlo negativen
slightly positive	nekoliko pozitiven
slim	slim
slime	slime
slimy	slim
sling	sling
slingshot	slingshot
slink	Slink
slinky	Slinky
slip	zdrs
slipper	zdrsa
slippers	copate
slippery	spolzka
slit	reža
sliver	drsnik
slob	Slob
slobber	Slobber
slogan	slogan
sloop	sloop
slop	NO TRANSLATION
slope	naklon
sloppy	nelagodno
slot	slot
sloth	len
slouch	Slouch
slough	Slough
slow	počasi
slowly	počasi
slowness	počasnost
sludge	blato
slug	slug
slugger	Slugger
sluggish	počasen
sluice	sluice
slum	slum
slumber	sramota
slump	padec
slur	slur
slurp	slurp
slush	slush
slut	kurba
slutty	Slutty
sly	sli
smack	Smack
small	majhna
smaller	manjši
smallest	najmanjši
smallpox	črne koze
smart	pameten
smartass	pametnjakovič
smarten	pameten
smarty	pametno
smash	Smash
smashed	razbil
smattering	Močan
smear	raztrgati
smell	vonj
smelling	vonj
smelly	smrdljivo
smelt	smrdi
smidgen	Smidgen
smile	nasmeh
smiled	nasmehnil
smiles	nasmeh
smiley	smeh
smiling	nasmejan
smirk	Nasmeh
smite	smite
smith	smith
smithereens	tisoč koščkov
smitten	razburjen
smock	smok
smog	smog
smoke	dim
smoker	kadilec
smokey	smokey
smoking	kajenje
smoky	dima
smoldering	tleh
smooch	smooch
smooth	gladko
smoothie	gladko
smoothly	gladko
smoothness	gladkost
smother	zaduši
smudge	pramen
smug	smug
smuggle	tihotapiti
smuggler	tihotapec
smuggling	tihotapljenje
smut	strmina
snack	prigrizek
snacks	prigrizki
snafu	snafu
snag	prhljaj
snags	snags
snail	polž
snake	kača
snakes	kače
snakeskin	kača
snap	snap
snapper	snapper
snappy	Čudno
snapshot	posnetek
snare	zanka
snarl	gnus
snarling	srčkan
snatch	ugrabiti
snatcher	droger
snazzy	močno
sneak	skrivaj
sneaker	sneaker
sneakers	superge
sneaking	neumni
sneaky	sranje
sneer	sranje
sneeze	kihanje
sneezing	kihanje
snicker	Sranje
snide	snide
sniff	Sranje
snip	snip
snipe	snipe
sniper	ostrostrelec
snippet	delček
snippy	Snippy
snitch	Duši
snob	snob
snoop	snoop
snoopy	snoopy
snooty	snooti
snooze	dremež
snore	hrkanje
snorkel	dihal
snort	snort
snot	snot
snotty	Prekleti
snout	gobec
snow	sneg
snowball	snežne kepe
snowboard	snowboard
snowboarder	deskanje na snegu
snowday	snežni dan
snowfall	sneženje
snowflake	snežinka
snowing	sneg
snowmageddon	snowmageddon
snowman	sneženi mož
snowplow	snežni plug
snowstorm	snežna nevihta
snowy	sneženo
snub	preklinjanje
snubbed	snubbed
snuff	Snuff
snug	snug
snuggle	priti
snuggled	pretiraval
snuggles	gnezdi
snuggling	gnezdenje
soak	namakajte
soaked	prepojen
soaking	namakanje
soangry	NO TRANSLATION
soannoyed	NO TRANSLATION
soap	milo
soapbox	umivalnik
soapy	milni
soar	Dvignite
soaring	naraščajoče
sob	NO TRANSLATION
sober	trezen
soblessed	NO TRANSLATION
sobriety	treznost
soc	soc
soccer	nogomet
sociable	družabno
social	socialno
socialanxiety	NO TRANSLATION
socialism	socializem
socialist	socialistično
socialite	socialite
socialize	družite se
society	družbo
sociology	sociologija
sociopath	sociopath
sock	nogavica
socket	vtičnica
sod	sod
soda	soda
soda/pop	gazirana pijača
sodding	Sodding
sodium	natrij
sofa	kavč
soft	mehko
softball	softball
soften	mehčajte
softener	mehčalec
softening	mehčanje
softly	tiho
softness	mehkobo
software	programsko opremo
soggy	Soggy
sohappy	tako srečen
soil	prst
soiled	umazano
soiree	Soiree
sojourn	bivanje
solace	tolažba
solar	sončna energija
solarium	solarij
solder	spajkanje
soldering	spajkanje
soldier	vojak
sole	edini
solemn	slovesno
solicit	zahtevam
solicitation	povpraševanje
solicitor	odvetnik
solid	trdna
solidarity	solidarnost
solidification	strjevanja
solidified	strdili
solidify	utrditi
solidity	trdnost
solitaire	Solitaire
solitary	samotar
solitude	samota
solo	solo
solubility	topnost
soluble	topen
solucky	tako srečen
solution	rešitev
solve	rešiti
solvency	solventnost
solvent	topilo
somad	NO TRANSLATION
somatic	somatsko
somber	mračno
some anticipation	nekaj pričakovanj
some disgust	nekaj gnusa
some surprise	nekaj presenečenja
some trust	nekaj zaupanja
somersault	somersault
somethingigetalot	NO TRANSLATION
somewhat negative	nekoliko negativen
somewhat positive	nekoliko pozitiven
somuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
son	sin
sonar	Sonar
sonata	Sonata
sonervous	NO TRANSLATION
song	pesem
songwriter	tekstopisec
sonic	sonic
sonice	NO TRANSLATION
sonnet	Sonnet
sonorous	zvok
soot	saj
soothe	pomirite
soothing	pomirja
sophisticated	prefinjeno
sophistication	prefinjenost
sophomore	2. avgusta
sopissed	NO TRANSLATION
soppy	Soppy
soprano	sopran
sorcerer	čarovnik
sorcery	čarovništvo
sordid	srd
sore	boli
soready	soredy
sorely	žalostno
soreness	bolečine
sorghum	sirek
sorority	Sorority
sorrow	žalost
sorrowful	žalosten
sorry	Oprosti
sort	Razvrsti
sorter	NO TRANSLATION
sortie	NO TRANSLATION
sorting	razvrščanje
sos	NO TRANSLATION
soscared	Soscared
soscary	tako strašno
soslow	tako počasi
sostressed	NO TRANSLATION
sosweet	sosweet
sothankful	NO TRANSLATION
sou	NO TRANSLATION
soul	duša
soulful	duševno
soulless	brez duše
soulmate	soulmate
sound	zvok
sounding	zveni
soundness	trdnost
soundproof	zvočno izoliran
soundtrack	glasba
soup	juha
sour	kislo
source	vir
sourpuss	sourpuss
south	južno
southbound	južno
southeast	jugovzhod
southern	Južni
southpaw	levo
southwest	jugozahodno
souvenir	spominek
sovereign	suvereno
sovereignty	suverenost
soviet	sovjetski
sow	sejati
soy	sojina
soy sauce	sojina omaka
soybean	sojo
spa	spa
space	prostor
spacecraft	vesoljska plovila
spaceman	spaceman
spaceship	vesoljska ladja
spacing	razmik
spacious	Prostoren
spade	lopata
spaghetti	špageti
spam	nezaželena pošta
spammers	neželene elektronske pošte
span	NO TRANSLATION
spandex	Spandex
spaniel	španjel
spank	ploskanje
spanking	plekanje
spar	Spar
spare	rezervni
spareribs	spareribs
sparingly	zmerno
spark	iskra
sparkle	bleščati
sparkling	peneče
sparkly	iskreno
sparring	sparing
sparrow	Vrabec
sparse	redko
spasm	spazem
spastic	spastično
spat	pljunil
spatial	prostorsko
spatter	škropljenje
spatula	lopatico
spawn	spawn
spaz	spaz
speak	govoriti
speakeasy	speakeasy
speaker	govornik
speakerphone	zvočnik
speaking	govori
spear	kopje
spec	spec
special	poseben
specialist	specialist
speciality	posebnost
specialize	NO TRANSLATION
specially	posebej
specialty	posebnost
specie	NO TRANSLATION
species	vrste
specific	specifično
specification	specifikacija
specify	navedite
specimen	vzorec
speck	speck
speckled	pepelasto
specs	specs
spectacle	spektakel
spectacles	očala
spectacular	spektakularen
spectator	gledalec
specter	spekter
spectral	spektralno
spectrometer	spektrometer
spectrophotometer	spektrofotometer
spectroscopy	spektroskopija
spectrum	spekter
speculate	špekulirati
speculation	špekulacije
speculative	špekulativno
speculum	spekuluma
speech	govor
speechless	brez besed
speed	hitrost
speedboat	gliser
speedily	hitro
speeding	hitrosti
speedometer	merilnik hitrosti
speedway	Speedway
speedy	hitro
spell	urok
spellbound	uničen
spelling	črkovanje
spencer	spencer
spend	porabiti
spender	spender
spending	poraba
spent	preživel
sperm	sperma
spew	spew
sphere	krogla
spherical	sferično
sphincter	sphincter
sphinx	Sfinga
spic	spic
spice	začimbe
spicy	začinjen
spider	pajek
spiders	pajki
spiffy	Čudno
spigot	spigot
spike	konico
spiked	šikan
spiky	piknik
spill	razlitje
spillin	NO TRANSLATION
spin	spin
spinach	špinača
spinal	hrbtenica
spindle	vreteno
spine	hrbtenica
spineless	brezvrednost
spinner	spinner
spinning	predenje
spinster	spinster
spiny	kremen
spiral	spirala
spire	Spire
spirit	duh
spirited	živahen
spirits	žgane pijače
spiritual	duhovno
spirituality	duhovnost
spit	pljuvati
spite	kljub temu
spiteful	Navijati
spitfire	spitfire
spittoon	spittoon
splash	splash
splat	splat
splatter	splatter
spleen	vranica
splendid	čudovito
splendor	sijaj
splice	splice
spline	spline
splint	splint
splinter	splinter
split	split
splitting	delitev
splurge	splurge
spoil	pokvaril
spoiler	spojler
spoiling	pokvaril
spoils	pokvari
spoke	govoril
spoken	govori
spokesman	tiskovni predstavnik
spokesperson	tiskovni predstavnik
sponge	gobica
spongy	gobasto
sponsor	sponzor
sponsorship	sponzorstvo
spontaneity	spontanost
spontaneous	spontano
spoof	prevara
spook	spook
spooky	strašljivo
spool	spool
spoon	žlica
spoonful	žlica
sporadic	sporadično
spore	spore
sport	šport
sporting	športni
sports	šport
sports car	športni avto
sportsman	športnik
sportsmanship	šport
sportswriter	sportswriter
sporty	športno
spot	spot
spotless	brez sijaja
spotlight	ospredje
spotted	opažen
spotter	spotter
spotty	pepel
spousal	spousal
spouse	zakonec
spout	izliv
sprain	Sprain
sprawl	širjenje
spray	spray
spread	širjenje
spreader	trosilnik
spree	Pijanka
spring	spomladi
springtime	spomladi
sprinkle	potresemo
sprinkler	sprinkler
sprinkling	škropljenje
sprint	sprint
sprite	sprite
sprout	sprout
spruce	smreka
spud	spud
spunk	prekleto
spunky	spunky
spur	Spur
spurious	lažno
spurred	podprla
spurt	Izliti
spy	vohun
squabble	Vlačenje
squad	Ekipa
squadron	Squadron
squall	škoda
squamous	skodljiv
squander	Nečisti
square	kvadrat
squash	squash
squat	Čučanj
squatter	Slepeče
squaw	Sranje
squawk	squawk
squeak	kričati
squeaky	škripanje
squeal	skaal
squealer	Squealer
squeamish	Squeamish
squeeze	iztisnite
squeezing	stiskanje
squelch	squelch
squid	lignji
squint	mrčenje
squire	squirrel
squirm	potapljati
squirrel	veverica
squirt	squirt
squish	Mamica
squishy	Sranje
stab	zabodel
stabbed	Zaboden
stability	stabilnost
stabilize	stabilizirati
stabilizer	stabilizator
stable	stabilen
staccato	stakat
stack	sklada
stadium	stadion
staff	osebje
stag	stag
stage	stopnja
stagecoach	stagecoach
stagehand	faza
stagger	stenjanje
staggering	Čudno
stagnant	stagnira
stagnation	stagnacija
staid	stisnjen
stain	madež
stained	obarvana
stainless	nerjaveče
stair	stopnišče
staircase	stopnišče
stairs	stopnice
stairway	stopnišče
stairwell	stopnišče
stake	delež
stakeout	stakeout
stale	zastarelo
stalemate	zastoj
stalk	steblo
stalker	zalezovalec
stall	stojnica
stallion	žrebec
stalls	stojnice
stalwart	odločen
stamina	vzdržljivost
stamp	žig
stampede	stampede
stance	stališče
stand	stojalo
standard	standard
standardize	standardizirati
standardized	standardizirano
standby	ostani v pripravljenosti
standing	stoji
standoff	standoff
standpoint	stališče
standstill	mirovanje
standup	Vstani
stanza	stanza
staph	Staph
staple	rezana
stapler	spenjalnik
star	zvezda
star fruit	star sad
starboard	desno
starch	škrob
stardom	stardom
stardust	zvezda
stare	stari
starfish	morska zvezda
stargazing	stargazing
staring	strmel
stark	stark
starlet	Starlet
starlight	zvezda
starling	starling
starry	zvezda
stars	zvezde
starship	zvezde
start	Začni
starter	zaganjalnik
startle	začudite
startled	prestrašen
startling	presunljivo
starvation	lakota
starve	stradaj
starved	izginila
starving	stradanje
stash	skodelico
stat	stat
state	država
stately	lepo
statement	izjavo
stateroom	Stateroom
stateside	ZDA
statesman	državnik
static	statično
staticky	NO TRANSLATION
statics	statika
station	postaja
stationary	stacionarno
stationery	pisalne potrebščine
statistic	statistika
statistical	statistično
statistician	statistik
stator	stator
statuary	kipar
statue	kip
statuette	statueta
stature	rast
status	stanje
statute	statut
statutory	zakonsko predpisano
staunch	nepopustljiv
stave	stave
stay	ostani
stayaway	NO TRANSLATION
stayed	ostala
stays	ostane
stead	mesto
steadfast	trdno
steady	stalno
steak	zrezek
steakhouse	steakhouse
steal	ukrasti
stealing	krasti
stealth	Skrivnost
stealthily	skrito
stealthy	prikrite
steam	pare
steamboat	parna kopel
steamer	parni stroj
steaming	pari
steamroller	Steamroller
steamship	parno ladjo
steamy	parni
steel	jeklo
steep	strma
steeple	strmo
steer	usmerjati
steering	krmiljenje
stellar	zvezda
stem	steblo
stench	smrad
stencil	šablono
stenographer	stenographer
step	korak
stepdaughter	stephouse
stepfather	očim
stepmother	mačeha
steppe	steppe
steps	korakov
stepson	stepson
stereo	stereo
stereoscopic	stereoskopski
stereotype	stereotip
stereotyped	stereotipno
sterile	sterilno
sterility	sterilnost
sterilize	sterilizirati
sterling	šterling
stern	krme
sternum	prsnica
steroid	steroid
stethoscope	stetoskop
stew	obara
steward	Steward
stewardess	stevardesa
stewardship	skrbništvo
stfu	stfu
stick	palico
sticker	nalepka
sticking	drži
stickler	stickler
stickup	nalepke
sticky	lepljivo
stiff	trd
stiffen	utihni
stiffness	togost
stifle	zaduši
stifled	duši
stifling	dušenje
stigma	stigma
stile	NO TRANSLATION
stiletto	stiletto
stillbirth	mrtvorojenost
stillborn	mrtvorojeni
stillness	mirnost
stillwaiting	NO TRANSLATION
stilts	podnožja
stimulant	stimulant
stimulate	spodbujajo
stimulating	spodbuja
stimulation	stimulacija
stimulus	stimulus
sting	sting
stinger	Stinger
stinging	žganje
stingy	Škrt
stink	smrdi
stinker	smrdljiv
stinking	smrdljiv
stinky	Smrdljiv
stint	stint
stipend	štipendija
stipulate	določiti
stipulation	določila
stir	Mešajte
stirring	mešati
stitch	šiv
stitching	šivanje
stock	zaloga
stockade	stockade
stockbroker	borzni posrednik
stockholder	delničar
stocking	skladiščenje
stockings	nogavice
stockpile	zaloga
stockroom	zaloga
stocks	zaloge
stoic	stoic
stole	ukradel
stolen	ukraden
stomach	želodec
stomachache	bolečina v trebuhu
stomp	Stomp
stomped	stomped
stone	kamen
stoned	Kamen
stonewall	kamnita stena
stoneware	kamnita
stony	kamnato
stooge	stooge
stool	blato
stools	blato
stoop	strmina
stoopid	strmoglavljen
stop	ustavi
stopover	postanek
stoppage	ustavitev
stopper	Zamašek
stopping	ustavi
stopwatch	štoparica
storage	shranjevanje
store	shranite
storefront	trgovina
storehouse	skladišče
storeroom	shramba
storing	shranjevanje
storm	nevihta
storming	nevihte
stormy	nevihta
story	zgodba
storybook	zgodba
storyteller	pripovedovalec
storytelling	pripovedovanje zgodbe
stound	mrtvi
stout	Stout
stove	peč
stow	spraviti
stowaway	stowaway
straddle	straddle
straight	naravnost
straighten	poravnati
straightforward	preprosto
straightway	takoj
strain	obremenitev
strained	napeta
strait	ožine
straitjacket	straitjacket
straits	ožina
strand	strand
stranded	strnjen
strange	čudno
stranger	tujec
strangle	zadaviti
strangulation	zadavljenje
strap	pas
strapless	brez rokavov
strapping	trakovi
strata	strata
strategic	strateško
strategist	strateg
strategy	strategijo
stratification	stratifikacija
stratosphere	stratosfera
stratum	stratum
stratus	stratus
straw	slama
strawberry	jagoda
stray	zalezovalec
streak	trak
streaked	prekleto
stream	tok
streamer	pretočni
streaming	pretakanje
streamline	racionalizirati
street	ulica
streetcar	tramvaj
streetlight	ulična svetilka
strength	moč
strengthen	okrepiti
strengthening	krepitev
strenuous	naporno
strep	strep
stress	stres
stressed	poudaril
stresses	poudarja
stressfree	NO TRANSLATION
stressful	stresno
stressin	NO TRANSLATION
stressing	poudarjanje
stressrelief	NO TRANSLATION
stretch	stretch
stretcher	nosila
stricken	prizadeti
strict	strogo
stride	korak
strife	spori
strike	stavka
strikeout	prečrtati
striker	napadalec
striking	presenetljivo
strikingly	presenetljivo
string	niz
strings	strune
stringy	strnjen
strip	trak
stripe	črto
striped	črtasto
stripped	odlepil
stripper	stripper
striptease	striptiz
strive	stremiti
strobe	strobe
stroke	kap
stroll	sprehodi
stroller	voziček
strolling	Šetanje
strong	močno
stronghold	trdnjava
strongly	močno
structural	strukturno
structure	strukturo
strudel	strudel
struggle	boj
strut	strut
stub	škrbina
stubbed	Stubbed
stubble	strnišča
stubborn	trmast
stubbornness	trmastost
stubby	Stubby
stucco	štukature
stuck	zaljubljen
stuckup	NO TRANSLATION
stud	št
studded	stegnjen
student	študent
studied	študiral
studio	studio
study	študija
stuff	stvari
stuffed animal	plišasta žival
stuffing	polnjenje
stuffy	Zamegljen
stumble	posrnuti
stump	panj
stumped	Stumped
stun	omamljanje
stunned	omamljen
stunner	omamen
stunning	omamljanje
stunt	stunt
stunted	zastajal
stuntman	kaskader
stupefaction	neumnost
stupefy	zapleten
stupendous	Nenavadno
stupid	neumno
stupidity	neumnost
stupidpeople	NO TRANSLATION
stupidrain	NO TRANSLATION
stupor	stupor
sturdy	trmast
sturgeon	jesetra
stutter	stutter
sty	šopek
style	slog
styling	styling
stylish	eleganten
stylist	stilistka
suave	Dušan
sub	sub
subatomic	subatomsko
subcommittee	pododbora
subconscious	podzavest
subcutaneous	subkutano
subdivide	razdeli
subdivision	pododdelek
subduction	subduction
subdue	podrediti
subdued	umirjen
subdural	subdural
subito	NO TRANSLATION
subject	predmet
subjected	izpostavljen
subjection	podreditev
subjective	subjektivno
subjugation	podrejanje
sublet	sublet
sublevel	podrazred
sublimation	sublimacija
sublime	sublimno
subliminal	subliminalno
submarine	podmornica
submerge	potopite
submerged	potopljen
submersible	potopno
submission	predložitev
submissive	podložni
submit	predloži
submitting	predložiti
subordinate	podrejeni
subordination	podrejenost
subplot	podplot
subpoena	sodni poziv
subscribe	naročite se
subscriber	naročnik
subscription	naročnina
subsequence	podsektor
subsequent	kasneje
subsequently	pozneje
subservient	podreden
subset	podmnožica
subside	prestopi
subsidence	pogrezanje
subsidiary	odvisno podjetje
subsidize	subvencionirati
subsidy	subvencije
subsist	preživi
subsistence	preživljanje
subsoil	podzemlje
subspace	podprostor
substance	snovi
substandard	podstandardno
substantial	bistveno
substantially	bistveno
substantiate	utemeljiti
substantive	vsebinsko
substation	postaja
substitute	nadomestek
substituted	substituiran
substitution	nadomestitev
substructure	podstruktura
subterranean	podzemeljski
subtext	podstavek
subtitle	podnaslov
subtle	subtilno
subtlety	subtilnost
subtract	odštej
subtraction	odštevanje
subtype	podtip
suburb	predmestje
suburban	primestni
suburbia	predmestja
suburbs	predmestja
subversion	subversion
subversive	subverzivno
subvert	pretrgati
subway	podzemna
succeed	uspe
succeeding	uspe
success	uspeh
successful	uspešno
succession	nasledstvo
successive	zaporedno
successor	naslednik
succinct	jedrnat
succubus	sukcubus
succulent	Sočan
succumb	podlegel
suck	sesajte
sucker	sesalec
sucking	sesanje
suckling	sesanje
sucks	zanič je
suction	sesanje
sudden	nenadoma
suddenly	nenadoma
suds	suds
sue	tožiti
suede	suede
suffer	trpeti
sufferer	trpijo
suffering	trpljenje
suffice	dovolj
sufficiency	zadostnost
sufficient	dovolj
sufficiently	dovolj
suffix	pripono
suffocate	zaduši
suffocating	zaduši
suffocation	zadušitev
sugar	sladkor
suggest	predlagajte
suggestion	predlog
suggestive	sugestivno
suicidal	samomoril
suicide	samomor
suicidebombing	NO TRANSLATION
suit	obleko
suitable	primerno
suitcase	kovček
suite	suite
suitor	suitor
sulfate	sulfat
sulfur	žveplo
sulk	sulk
sullen	mrtev
sully	sully
sulphur	žveplo
sultan	sultana
sultry	sultry
sum	vsota
summarily	na kratko
summarize	povzamemo
summary	povzetek
summation	seštevanje
summer	poletje
summerhouse	Poletna hiša
summertime	poletni čas
summit	vrh
summon	priklicati
summons	pozive
sumo	sumo
sump	Sump
sumptuous	razkošno
sun	sonce
sunbeam	sončni žarki
sunburn	sončne opekline
sundae	sundae
sunday	nedelja
sundial	sončna ura
sundown	sončni zahod
sundry	Razen
sunflower	sončnica
sunglass	sončna očala
sunglasses	sončna očala
sunk	potopljen
sunken	potopljen
sunless	brez sonca
sunlight	sončna svetloba
sunny	sončno
sunrise	sončni vzhod
sunroof	sončna streha
sunscreen	zaščita pred soncem
sunset	sončni zahod
sunshine	sonce
suntan	sončenje
sunup	sunup
sup	sup
super	super
superannuation	superannuation
superb	odlično
superficial	površni
superfluous	odveč
superhero	superhero
superhuman	nadčloveško
superimposed	nadgrajen
superintendent	nadzornik
superior	boljši
superiority	superiornost
superlative	superlativ
superman	Superman
supermarket	supermarket
supermodel	supermodel
supernatant	supernatant
supernatural	nadnaravno
supernova	supernova
superposition	superpozicija
superpower	superpower
supersede	nadomešča
superstar	superzvezda
superstition	vraževerje
superstitious	sujeverno
superstore	superstore
supervise	nadzorovati
supervision	nadzor
supervisor	nadzornik
supper	večerja
suppertime	večerja
supplant	zamenjava
supple	voljno
supplement	dopolnilo
supplemental	dodaten
supplementary	dopolnilno
supplication	molitev
supplier	dobavitelj
supplies	dobave
supply	dobavo
support	podporo
supported	podprto
supporter	podpornik
supporters	podporniki
supporting	podporo
supportive	Podpora
suppose	domnevam
supposed	domnevno
supposing	domneva
supposition	predpostavka
suppress	zatreti
suppression	zatiranje
supremacy	prevlado
supreme	vrhovni
supremely	nadvse
surcharge	doplačilo
sure	prepričan sem
surety	poroka
surf	surf
surface	površina
surfboard	surfboard
surfer	surfer
surge	val
surgeon	kirurg
surgery	operacija
surgical	kirurški
surly	preveč
surmise	domišljijo
surname	priimek
surpassing	presegajo
surplus	presežek
surprise	presenečenje
surprised	presenečen
surprises	presenečenj
surprising	presenetljivo
surprisingly	presenetljivo
surreal	nadrealistično
surrender	predajo
surrendering	predaja
surrogate	nadomestek
surround	obkrožiti
surrounding	okolico
surroundings	okolje
surveillance	nadzor
survey	raziskava
surveying	raziskovanje
surveyor	nadzornik
survival	preživetje
survive	preživeti
surviving	preživeli
survivor	preživeli
susceptibility	občutljivost
susceptible	dovzetne
sushi	suši
suspect	sumite
suspected	sumljivo
suspend	začasno prekiniti
suspended	začasno prekinjeno
suspenders	naramnice
suspense	napetost
suspension	suspenzija
suspicion	sum
suspicions	sum
suspicious	sumljivo
sustain	vzdrževati
sustained	trajno
sustenance	preživljanje
suture	šivanje
suv	suv
sux	NO TRANSLATION
swab	brisače
swag	stil
swagger	gugalnica
swallow	pogoltniti
swami	swami
swamp	močvirje
swamped	preplavljen
swampy	močviren
swan	labod
swank	zmaga
swap	swap
swarm	roj
swarming	nabijanje
swastika	swastika
swat	swat
sway	potisni
swear	Preklinjati
swearing	prisežem
sweat	pot
sweater	pulover
sweating	znojenje
sweatshirt	jopica
sweatshop	puloverja
sweaty	prepoten
sweep	pometanje
sweeper	pometač
sweeping	pometanje
sweet	sladko
sweeten	sladka
sweetened	sladkano
sweetener	sladilo
sweetest	najsladje
sweetheart	ljubica
sweetie	Ljubica
sweetness	sladkost
sweets	sladkarije
swell	nabreknejo
swelling	oteklina
sweltering	spuščanje
swerve	prekleto
swift	hitro
swiftly	hitro
swig	swig
swill	spiralo
swim	plavati
swimmer	plavalec
swimming	plavanje
swimsuit	kopalke
swindle	goljufija
swindler	Uničevalec
swine	svinja
swing	swing
swinger	svinjar
swinging	nihanje
swipe	potegnite
swirl	vrtinec
swish	swish
switch	stikalo
switchblade	stikalo
switchboard	stikalna plošča
swivel	vrti
swollen	oteklina
swoon	Swoon
swoop	swoop
sword	meč
swordfish	mečarica
swordplay	mečev
swordsman	mečar
sycamore	sycamore
syllable	zlog
syllabus	Učni načrt
symbiotic	simbiozno
symbol	simbol
symbolic	simbolično
symbolically	simbolično
symbolism	simbolika
symbolize	simbolizirati
symmetric	simetrično
symmetrical	simetrična
symmetry	simetrija
sympathetic	simpatično
sympathize	sočutje
sympathy	simpatije
symphonic	simfonična
symphony	simfonija
symposium	simpozij
symptom	simptom
symptomatic	simptomatično
synagogue	sinagoga
synapse	sinapse
synaptic	sinaptični
sync	sinhronizacijo
synchronize	sinhronizirati
synchronous	sinhrono
syncope	sinkopa
syndicate	sindikat
syndrome	sindroma
synergistic	sinergističen
synergy	sinergija
synod	sinod
synonym	sinonim
synonymous	sinonim
synopsis	Povzetek
synoptic	sinoptični
syntax	sintaksa
synthesis	sinteza
synthesizer	sintetizator
synthetic	sintetični
syphilis	sifilis
syringe	brizga
syrup	sirup
system	sistem
systematic	sistematično
systematically	sistematično
t-shirt	majica
tab	tab
tabasco	tabasco
tabby	tabby
tabernacle	šotor
table	mizo
tableau	NO TRANSLATION
tablecloth	prt
tablespoon	žlica
tablet	tableta
tableware	namizni pribor
tabloid	tabloid
taboo	tabu
tabular	tabular
tabulate	tabela
tabulation	tabela
tachometer	tahometer
tacit	tiho
tack	Tack
tackle	reševanje
tackled	reševati
tackling	reševanje
tacky	lepljivo
taco	taco
tact	takt
tactful	taktično
tactic	taktika
tactical	taktično
tactics	taktike
tactile	otipljiv
tad	NO TRANSLATION
tadpole	Tadpole
taffeta	taffeta
taffy	Taffy
tag	oznaka
tail	rep
tailed	tailed
tailgate	prtljažnik
tailings	jalovina
taillight	Zadnja luč
tailor	po meri
tailoring	krojenje
tailpipe	izpušna cev
taint	taint
take	vzemi
takeoff	vzlet
takeout	vzemite ven
takeover	prevzeti
taker	sprejemnik
talcum	smrkec
tale	zgodba
talent	talent
talented	nadarjen
talisman	talisman
talk	pogovor
talkative	zgovoren
talker	govornik
tall	visok
tallies	tale
tallow	loj
tally	Tally
talon	talon
talons	NO TRANSLATION
tambourine	tamburin
tame	NO TRANSLATION
tamer	tamer
taming	prikrivanje
tamper	poseganje
tampon	tampon
tan	tan
tandem	tandem
tang	tang
tangent	tangenta
tangerine	mandarina
tangible	oprijemljivo
tangle	zapleten
tangled	zapletena
tango	tango
tank	rezervoar
tank top	rezervoar za gorivo
tanker	tanker
tanned	strojen
tantalizing	tantalizing
tantamount	enako
tantrum	Dijalog
taoism	taoizem
tap	tapnite
tape	trak
tape measure	trak ukrep
taper	konus
tapering	zmanjšanje
tapestry	tapiserija
tapeworm	tapeworm
tapioca	tapioka
taps	pipe
tar	katran
tarantula	tarantula
tardiness	žalost
tardy	Slabo
target	cilj
targeted	usmerjeni
targeting	Ciljanje
tariff	tarifa
tarmac	Tarmac
tarnish	Tarnish
tarot	tarot
tarp	NO TRANSLATION
tarry	Počakajte
tart	tart
tartan	tartan
tartar	tartar
task	naloga
tassel	tassel
taste	okus
tasteful	okusno
tasteless	brez okusa
tasting	degustacije
tasty	okusno
tat	tat
tattler	tattler
tattletale	tattletale
tattoo	tetovaža
taught	učil
taunt	uniči
taupe	taupe
taut	napet
tavern	gostilna
tawdry	Tawdry
tawny	Tawny
tax	davek
taxed	obdavčeni
taxi	taksi
taxicab	taxicab
taxonomy	taksonomija
taxpayer	davkoplačevalec
tea	čaj
teach	učiti
teacher	učitelj
teaching	poučevanje
teacup	teacup
teahouse	teahouse
teal	zelenomodra
team	ekipa
teamjesus	NO TRANSLATION
teammate	sodelavec
teamwork	skupinsko delo
teapot	čajnik
tear	trgati
tearful	plakati
tearsofjoy	NO TRANSLATION
teary	sramotno
tease	tease
teaser	teaser
teasing	dražiti
teaspoon	čajna žlička
teat	sesati
teatime	Čas za čaj
tech	tech
technical	tehnično
technicality	tehničnost
technician	tehnik
technique	tehnika
techno	techno
technological	tehnološki
technology	tehnologijo
ted	ted
teddy bear	plišasti medvedek
tedious	dolgočasno
tedium	tedium
tee	tee
teeming	teeming
teen	teen
teenage	najstnica
teenager	najstnik
teens	teens
teensy	teensy
teeny	teeny
teeth	zobje
teething	zamašitev
teflon	teflon
telegram	telegram
telegraph	telegraf
telekinesis	telekineza
telemetry	telemetrija
telepathic	telepatska
telepathy	telepatija
telephone	telefon
telescope	teleskop
telescopic	teleskopski
telethon	telethon
teletype	teletype
televised	televizijski
television	televizija
tell	povej
teller	pisec
telling	povedal
telltale	povedal
temp	temp
temper	temper
tempera	tempera
temperament	temperament
temperamental	temperamentna
temperance	zmernost
temperate	zmerno
temperature	temperatura
tempered	kaljen
tempest	nevihta
template	predlogo
temple	tempelj
tempo	NO TRANSLATION
temporal	časovno
temporarily	začasno
temporary	začasno
tempt	skušnjava
temptation	skušnjavo
tempting	mamljivo
temptress	skušnjava
ten	deset
tenable	vzdržljiv
tenacious	Trden
tenacity	vztrajnost
tenancy	najem
tenant	najemnik
tend	nagibati se
tendency	težnja
tender	ponudba
tenderfoot	razglednica
tenderness	nežnost
tending	težava
tendon	tetiva
tenement	stanovanje
tenet	načelo
tenets	načela
tenfold	desetkrat
tennis	tenis
tenor	tenor
tense	napeto
tensile	natezna
tension	napetost
tent	šotor
tentacle	Popek
tentative	pogojno
tenth	deseta
tenths	desetine
tenuous	nejasen
tenure	lastništvo
tepee	Tepee
tepid	mlačen
tequila	tekila
teriyaki	teriyaki
term	dolgoročno
terminal	terminal
terminate	prenehati
termination	prekinitev
terminator	terminator
terminology	terminologija
terminus	terminus
termite	termit
terms	pogoji
tern	Tern
ternary	ternary
terrace	terasa
terrain	teren
terrestrial	zemeljsko
terrible	grozno
terribly	strašno
terrier	terierja
terrific	grozen
terrified	prestrašen
terrifies	prestraši
terrify	prestraši
terrifying	zastrašujoče
territorial	ozemeljsko
territory	ozemlju
terror	teror
terrorism	terorizem
terrorist	terorista
terrorists	teroristi
terrorize	terorizem
terse	tresen
tertiary	terciarno
test	test
testament	testament
testicle	testis
testicular	testis
testify	pričajte
testimonial	pričevanje
testimony	pričevanje
testosterone	testosteron
testy	NO TRANSLATION
tetanus	tetanus
tether	tether
tethered	Privezan
tetrahedral	tetraeder
text	besedilo
textbook	učbenik
textile	tekstil
textural	teksturalna
texture	tekstura
tgif	tgif
thank	hvala
thankful	hvaležen
thankgod	Hvala bogu
thanking	zahvaljujem se
thankless	nehvaležen
thanks	hvala
thanksalot	NO TRANSLATION
thanksgiving	Zahvaljevanje
thankyougod	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoujesus	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoulord	NO TRANSLATION
thatch	toch
thatmoment	NO TRANSLATION
thaumaturgy	thaumaturgija
thaw	odmrznitev
theater	gledališče
theatrical	gledališče
theatrics	gledališče
thebest	najboljši
theft	kraje
theism	teizem
theistic	teistično
thelife	življenje
thelittlethings	NO TRANSLATION
theme	tema
theocracy	teokracija
theocratic	teokratski
theologian	teolog
theological	teološki
theology	teologija
theorem	izrek
theoretical	teoretično
theory	teorija
therapeutic	terapevtski
therapeutics	terapija
therapist	terapevt
therapy	terapija
thereabouts	tam
thereof	od tega
therewith	s tem
thermal	toplotno
thermocouple	termoelement
thermodynamics	termodinamika
thermometer	termometer
thermos	termo
thermostat	termostat
thesaurus	tezavri
thesis	teza
thick	debel
thicken	zgostiti
thickening	zgostitev
thicket	grmičevje
thickness	debelina
thief	tat
thigh	tesno
thimble	škarje
thin	tanek
thing	stvar
things	stvari
thingy	stvar
think	mislim
thinker	mislec
thinking	razmišljanje
third	tretjino
thirds	tretjino
thirst	žeja
thirsty	Žejni
thirteen	trinajst
thirteenth	trinajstega
thirty	trideset
thistle	trst
thither	tam
thong	tong
thorn	trn
thorny	trnit
thorough	temeljito
thoroughbred	čistokrvni
thoroughfare	vozišče
thought	misli
thoughtful	premišljen
thoughtfulness	premišljen
thoughtless	brez pomislekov
thoughts	misli
thousand	tisoč
thrash	trh
thread	nit
threat	grožnja
threaten	grozi
threatened	ogroženo
threatening	grozi
three	tri
threefold	trikrat
threesome	trojka
thresh	thresh
threshold	prag
thrice	trikrat
thrift	varčevanje
thrifty	varčen
thrill	vznemirjenje
thrilled	navdušeni
thriller	triler
thrilling	vznemirljivo
thrive	uspevajo
thriving	uspešno
throat	grlo
throb	trbo
throbbing	utripanje
throes	trne
throne	prestol
throng	mlin
throttle	dušilka
throw	metati
throwback	Pogled nazaj
thrower	met
thrown	vržen
thrush	drgnjenje
thrust	potisk
thruster	potniški motor
thud	Tud
thug	mrtev
thumb	palec
thumbprint	odtis
thump	udarec
thumper	Tumper
thumping	trčenje
thunder	grmenje
thunderbolt	grozljivka
thunderclap	grom
thundering	grmenje
thunderstorm	nevihta
thunderstruck	grom
thwart	pomiri
thx	Hvala
thyme	timijan
thyroid	ščitnica
tiara	tiara
tibia	golenice
tic	tic
tick	kljukico
ticked	označili
ticker	ticker
ticket	vozovnico
tickle	žgečkati
tickled	Golica
ticklish	Slikan
tidal	plimovanje
tidal wave	plima
tidbit	tadbit
tide	plima
tidings	pogovori
tidy	urejeno
tie	kravata
tier	Raven
tiff	Tiff
tiger	tiger
tighten	zategnite
tightness	tesnost
tightrope	vrvica
tights	nogavice
tilde	tilda
tile	ploščice
tiling	polaganje ploščic
till	NO TRANSLATION
tillage	Obdelava tal
tiller	rudar
tilt	nagib
tilting	nagibanje
timber	les
timberland	Timberland
timbre	timbre
time	čas
timeless	brezčasen
timeliness	pravočasnost
timely	pravočasno
timeout	odmor
timepiece	časovnik
timer	časomer
times	krat
timetable	časovni razpored
timewasters	NO TRANSLATION
timid	ropoten
timidity	plodnost
timing	čas
tin	NO TRANSLATION
tincture	tinktura
tine	NO TRANSLATION
tinfoil	aluminijasta folija
tinge	tinge
tingle	tingle
tingling	mravljinčenje
tinker	Obrtnik
tinkering	Tinkering
tinkle	NO TRANSLATION
tinkling	tinkling
tinnitus	tinitus
tinsel	lahka
tint	odtenek
tiny	majhen
tip	nasvet
tipper	kiper
tipster	tipster
tipsy	nasvetov
tiptoe	tiptoe
tirade	tirade
tire	pnevmatike
tired	utrujen
tiredness	utrujenost
tiredofit	NO TRANSLATION
tireless	neutrudno
tiresome	zapleten
tiring	naporno
tissue	tkivo
tistheseason	NO TRANSLATION
tit	tit
titan	titan
titanic	Titanik
titanium	titan
tithe	desetina
title	naslov
titled	z naslovom
titty	titty
titular	NO TRANSLATION
toad	Žabe
toast	toast
toaster	toaster
toasty	toasty
tobacco	tobak
toby	toby
tod	tod
today	danes
toddler	toddler
toe	prst na nogi
toenail	nohte
toffee	toffee
tofu	tofu
toga	NO TRANSLATION
together	skupaj
togetherness	skupnost
toil	težko
toilet	WC
toils	tegli
token	žeton
tolerable	sprejemljivo
tolerance	strpnost
tolerant	strpno
tolerate	prenašati
toleration	Toleranciranje
toll	cestnina
tomahawk	Tomahawk
tomato	paradižnik
tomatoes	paradižnik
tomb	grobnica
tombstone	nagrobnik
tomcat	mačka
tome	meni
tomorrow	jutri
ton	NO TRANSLATION
tone	ton
toner	toner
tong	NO TRANSLATION
tongs	klešče
tongue	jezik
tonic	tonik
tonnage	tonaža
tonsils	tonzile
toocold	NO TRANSLATION
tool	orodje
toolbox	orodjarna
tooling	orodje
toomuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
toot	zob
tooth	zob
toothache	zobobol
toothbrush	zobna ščetka
toothed	zobati
toothless	brez zob
toothpaste	zobna pasta
toothpick	zobotrebec
toots	toots
top	na vrh
topaz	topaz
topic	temo
topical	aktualno
topless	topless
topographic	topografski
topographical	topografski
topography	topografija
topple	zrušiti
topside	na vrhu
tor	tor
torch	baklja
torment	mučenje
tormented	mučen
torn	raztrgano
tornado	tornado
torpedo	Torpedo
torque	navor
torrent	torrent
torrid	Torrid
torsion	torzija
torso	torzo
tort	tort
tortious	mučen
tortoise	želva
tortuous	mučen
torture	mučenje
tortured	mučeni
toss	kreten
tot	NO TRANSLATION
total	skupaj
totality	celota
totally	popolnoma
tote	tote
totem	totem
touch	dotaknite se
touchdown	dotikanje
touched	dotaknil se je
touching	dotikanje
touchy	občutljiv
tough	težko
toughen	Toughen
toughness	žilavost
toupee	tappee
tour	turnejo
tourism	turizem
tourist	turist
tourmaline	turmalin
tournament	turnir
tourniquet	turnir
tout	NO TRANSLATION
tow	vlečenje
towel	brisačo
tower	stolp
towering	visoka
town	mesto
townhouse	Townhouse
township	občina
townspeople	mestni ljudje
toxic	strupeno
toxicity	strupenost
toxicology	toksikologija
toxin	toksin
toy	igrače
toymaker	toyaker
trace	sled
traceable	sledljiv
tracer	sledilnik
traces	sledi
trachea	sapnik
tracing	sledenje
track	sledi
tracker	sledilnik
tract	trakt
tractable	Sposoben
traction	vleka
tractor	traktor
trade	trgovino
trademark	blagovna znamka
trader	trgovec
tradesman	trgovec
trading	trgovanje
tradition	tradicija
traditional	tradicionalno
traffic	prometa
traffic light	prometna luč
trafficking	trgovina z ljudmi
tragedies	tragedije
tragedy	tragedija
tragic	tragično
trail	pot
trailer	priklopnik
train	vlak
train set	komplet vlaka
trained	usposobljeni
trainee	pripravnik
trainer	trener
training	usposabljanje
trait	značaja
traitor	izdajalec
traitorous	prestopnica
trajectory	trajektorija
tram	tramvaj
tramp	tramp
trample	gnezditi
trampoline	trampolin
tramway	tramvaj
trance	trans
tranquil	mirno
tranquility	miru
tranquilizer	pomirjevalo
transact	transact
transaction	transakcija
transatlantic	čezatlantski
transceiver	oddajnik
transcend	presegati
transcendence	transcendenca
transcendent	transcendentno
transcendental	transcendentalno
transcribe	prepisati
transcriber	transcriber
transcript	prepis
transcription	transkripcija
transfer	prenos
transference	prenos
transferred	prenese
transfixed	transfixed
transform	preoblikovati
transformation	transformacija
transformer	transformator
transfusion	transfuzija
transgression	transgresija
transient	prehodno
transistor	tranzistor
transit	tranzit
transition	prehod
transitional	prehodno
transitive	prehodno
transitory	prehodno
translate	prevesti
translation	prevod
translator	prevajalec
translocation	translokacija
translucent	prosojno
transmission	prenos
transmit	prenesti
transmitter	oddajnik
transmutation	pretvorba
transom	transom
transparency	preglednost
transparent	pregleden
transplant	presaditev
transplantation	presaditev
transponder	transponder
transport	prevoz
transportation	prevoz
transporter	prevoznik
transpose	prenesti
transposition	prenos
transsexual	transseksualec
transverse	prečni
transvestite	transvestit
trap	past
trapdoor	zaprta vrata
trapeze	trapeza
trapped	ujet
trapper	lovec
trapping	lova
trappings	trappings
traps	pasti
trash	smeti
trashy	smetan
trauma	travma
traumatic	travmatičen
travail	NO TRANSLATION
travel	potovanje
traveler	potnik
traveling	potovanje
traverse	prečkati
travesty	travestija
trawl	vlečna mreža
trawler	plovila z vlečno mrežo
tray	pladenj
treacherous	izdajalski
treachery	izdajstvo
tread	tekalne plasti
treadmill	tekalna tirnica
treason	izdaja
treasure	zaklad
treasured	zaklad
treasurer	blagajnik
treasures	zaklade
treasury	zakladnica
treat	zdravljenje
treatable	zdravljenje
treatise	razprava
treatment	zdravljenje
treaty	pogodba
treble	treble
tree	drevo
trees	drevesa
trek	trek
trellis	rešetka
tremble	drhti
trembling	tresenje
tremendous	izjemno
tremendously	izjemno
tremor	tremor
trench	jarek
trend	trend
trending	trending
trendy	trendy
trepidation	vznemirjenost
trespass	prestopek
triad	triad
triage	triaža
trial	poskus
triangle	trikotnik
triangular	trikotne
triangulate	triangulat
triathlon	triatlon
tribal	plemensko
tribe	plemena
tribulation	stiske
tribunal	tribunal
tribune	tribuna
tributary	pritok
tribute	poklon
trick	trik
trickery	trik
trickle	Trikot
trickster	Trickster
tricky	težak
tricycle	tricikel
trident	trident
trifle	malenkost
trifling	trifling
trig	trig
trigger	sprožilec
trigonometry	trigonometrija
trillion	trilijon
trilogy	trilogija
trim	trim
trimester	trimester
trimmer	trimer
trimming	obrezovanje
trine	trine
trinity	trojstvo
trinket	trinet
trio	trio
trip	potovanje
tripartite	tristranski
tripe	tripe
triple	trojni
triplet	triplet
triplicate	trikratnik
tripod	stojalo
tripping	tripping
trite	trite
tritium	tritij
triumph	zmaga
triumphant	zmagoslaven
trivia	trivia
trivial	trivialno
troll	troll
trolley	voziček
trombone	trombon
troop	vojska
trooper	vojska
troops	vojske
trophy	trofej
tropic	tropski
tropical	tropski
tropics	tropiki
trot	kas
trouble	težave
troubled	nemiren
troublemaker	problematik
troubles	težave
troublesome	težavno
trough	skozi
troupe	skupina
trousers	hlače
trout	postrv
trowel	lopatico
truce	premirje
truck	tovornjak
trucker	tovornjak
truckload	tovornjak
truculent	truculent
true	PRAV
truelove	resnična ljubezen
truffle	tartuf
truism	truism
trump	adut
trumpet	trobenta
trumpeter	trobentač
truncate	skrčiti
truncated	okrnjen
trundle	trundle
trunk	prtljažnik
truss	truss
trust	zaupanje
trustee	skrbnik
trusting	zaupanje
trustworthy	zanesljiv
trusty	zanesljiv
truth	resnica
truthful	resnično
truthfulness	resničnost
try	poskusite
tryout	poskusi
tryouts	preizkusi
tsunami	cunami
tub	kad
tuba	Tuba
tubby	tubby
tube	cev
tuberculosis	tuberkuloza
tubing	cev
tubular	cevasto
tubule	tubule
tuck	potegnite
tucker	Tuker
tuesday	v torek
tufted	Taftani
tug	vlačilec
tugboat	vlačilec
tuition	učenje
tulip	Tulip
tumble	ročaj
tumbler	NO TRANSLATION
tumbleweed	ročica
tummy	trebuh
tumor	tumor
tumour	tumor
tumult	nemir
tumultuous	burno
tun	NO TRANSLATION
tuna	tuna
tunable	nastavljiv
tune	melodijo
tunic	tuniko
tuning	tuning
tunnel	predor
turban	turban
turbidity	motnost
turbine	turbina
turbo	turbo
turbulence	turbulence
turbulent	nemiren
turd	turd
turf	trate
turkey	puran
turmeric	kurkuma
turmoil	nemir
turn	obrat
turnaround	obrni se
turned	obrnjen
turning	obračanje
turnip	repa
turnkey	ključ
turnoff	NO TRANSLATION
turnout	volilna udeležba
turnover	promet
turnpike	krmilo
turntable	gramofon
turpentine	terpentin
turquoise	turkizno
turret	kupolo
turtle	želva
turtleneck	vrečka
tussle	Tussle
tutelage	tutelaža
tutor	mentor
tutoring	mentorstvo
tutu	tutu
tux	tux
tuxedo	tuxedo
tv	tv
twain	twain
twat	twat
twats	twats
tweak	poteg
tweed	tweed
tweet	tweet
tweezers	pincete
twelfth	dvanajsta
twelve	dvanajst
twentieth	dvajset
twenty	dvajset
twerp	twerp
twig	vejica
twilight	somrak
twill	keper
twin	dvojčka
twine	vrvice
twinge	twinge
twinkle	utripaj
twins	dvojčka
twirl	zavrtite
twist	twist
twisted	zvit
twister	twister
twit	twit
twitch	trzaj
twitching	trzanje
twitchy	trzaj
two	dva
two step	dva koraka
twofaced	NO TRANSLATION
twofold	dvakrat
twosome	twosome
tycoon	tajkun
tyke	tyke
type	tip
typewriter	pisalni stroj
typhoid	tifus
typhoon	tajfun
typical	tipično
typically	običajno
typist	tipizator
typo	tipkarska napaka
typography	tipografija
tyrannical	tiransko
tyranny	tiranija
tyrant	tiran
tyre	pnevmatike
ubiquitous	povsod
ubiquity	povsod
ugliness	grdost
ugly	grdo
uhoh	NO TRANSLATION
ukulele	ukulele
ulcer	razjeda
ulterior	zunaj
ultimate	končni
ultimately	končno
ultimatum	ultimatum
ultimo	NO TRANSLATION
ultrasound	ultrazvok
ultraviolet	ultraviolet
umbilical	popkovnik
umbra	umbra
umbrella	dežnik
umpire	sodnik
umpteen	umpteen
unabashed	neprimeren
unabated	nereden
unable	ne morem
unacceptable	nesprejemljivo
unaccompanied	brez spremstva
unaccountable	nespametno
unaccounted	nenapovedano
unacknowledged	nepriznane
unadulterated	nepregleden
unaffected	brez vpliva
unafraid	brez strahu
unaided	brez pomoči
unaltered	nespremenjen
unambiguous	nedvoumno
unanimity	soglasje
unanimous	soglasno
unanimously	soglasno
unannounced	nenapovedano
unanswered	brez odgovora
unanticipated	nepričakovano
unappreciated	neprimeren
unapproved	neodobreno
unarmed	neoborožen
unassisted	brez pomoči
unassuming	nepremišljeno
unattached	brez povezave
unattainable	nedosegljiv
unattended	brez nadzora
unattractive	neprivlačna
unauthorized	nedovoljeno
unavailable	ni na voljo
unavoidable	neizogibno
unaware	ne zaveda
unbalanced	neuravnotežen
unbearable	neznosen
unbeatable	nepremagljiv
unbeaten	nepremagljiv
unbecoming	neprimerno
unbelief	nevjernost
unbelievable	neverjetno
unbiased	nepristransko
unborn	nerojeni
unbound	Brez obvez
unbounded	neomejeno
unbreakable	nezlomljiv
unbridled	razburjen
unbroken	neprekinjen
unbutton	odklopnik
uncalled	nezakonito
uncanny	čudno
uncaring	uncaring
uncensured	NO TRANSLATION
uncertain	negotovo
uncertainty	negotovost
unchallenged	nesporni
unchangeable	nespremenljiv
unchanged	nespremenjeno
uncharted	neznani
uncherished	NO TRANSLATION
uncivilized	neciviliziran
unclaimed	brez pridržkov
uncle	stric
unclean	nečisto
unclear	nejasno
uncomfortable	neprijetno
uncommon	občasni
uncommonly	občasno
uncomplicated	nezapleteno
uncompromising	brezkompromisno
unconcerned	nepomembno
unconditional	brezpogojno
unconfirmed	nepotrjena
unconnected	nepovezan
unconscionable	nezavesten
unconscious	nezavesten
unconsciousness	nezavest
unconstitutional	protiustavno
unconstrained	neomejen
uncontested	nesporni
uncontrollable	nenadzorovano
uncontrolled	nenadzorovano
unconventional	nekonvencionalno
unconvinced	ne prepričana
unconvincing	neprepričljiv
uncooked	nekuhani
uncooperative	nesodelujoč
uncorrelated	nepovezan
uncouth	neurejen
uncover	odkriti
uncritical	nekritičen
uncut	nerazrezane
undead	undead
undecided	neodločen
undefeated	nepremagan
undefined	nedoločeno
undeniable	nedvomno
underage	mladoletnik
underbelly	spodrsljaj
undercover	pod krinko
undercurrent	podtok
underdog	spodrsljaj
underestimate	podcenjuj
undergo	opravi
undergraduate	dodiplomski študij
underground	podzemlje
underhanded	spodkopan
underlay	podloga
underlie	temeljijo
underline	podčrtajte
underlying	osnovno
undermine	spodkopavali
undermined	spodkopal
underneath	spodaj
underpaid	premalo plačano
underpants	spodnje hlače
underprivileged	prikrajšan
underrated	podcenjen
underscore	podčrtaj
undersea	podmorski
undersecretary	podsekretar
undersized	podmerjeno
understaffed	premalo zaposlenih
understand	razumeti
understandable	razumljivo
understanding	razumevanje
understatement	podcenjevanje
understood	razumel
understudy	Podobno
undertake	začnite
undertaker	podjetnik
undertaking	podjetje
undertow	vzemi
underwear	spodnje perilo
underwood	underwood
underworld	podzemni svet
underwrite	zavarovati
underwriter	zavarovalnica
undeserved	nezasluženo
undesirable	nezaželeno
undesired	nezaželeno
undetectable	nezaznavna
undetected	nezaznavno
undetermined	nedoločen
undeveloped	nerazvito
undignified	nedoločen
undirected	neusmerjen
undisclosed	nerazkrite
undiscovered	neodkrit
undisputed	nesporno
undisturbed	nemoteno
undivided	nedeljeno
undo	razveljaviti
undoing	razveljavitev
undoubted	nedvomno
undress	sleči
undressed	slekla
undue	neupravičeno
undying	neumno
unearned	nezaželeno
unearth	odkopati
uneasiness	nelagodje
uneasy	nelagodno
uneducated	neobrazovana
unemployed	brezposelni
unemployment	brezposelnost
unencumbered	neobremenjen
unending	neskončno
unequal	neenakomerno
unequalled	brez dvoma
unequivocal	nedvoumno
unequivocally	nedvoumno
unethical	neetično
uneven	neenakomeren
uneventful	neenakomerno
unexpected	nepričakovano
unexpectedly	nepričakovano
unexplainable	nepojmljivo
unexplained	nepojasnjeno
unexplored	neraziskana
unfailing	neizvedljiv
unfair	nepravično
unfairness	nepravičnost
unfaithful	neutemeljen
unfamiliar	neznan
unfavorable	neugodno
unfeeling	brez občutka
unfettered	neomejeno
unfinished	nedokončana
unfit	neprimeren
unflinching	nezdrava
unfold	razplati
unfollow	odkriti
unforeseen	nepredvidene
unforgettable	nepozabno
unforgivable	nepreklicno
unforgiving	neusmiljen
unfortunate	nesrečni
unfortunately	na žalost
unfounded	neutemeljen
unfreeze	odmrzni
unfriendly	neprijazno
unfulfilled	neizpolnjeno
unfurnished	nenamješten
unglued	nenapisan
ungodly	brezbožni
ungrateful	nehvaležna
unguarded	nezavarovano
unhand	NO TRANSLATION
unhappiness	nesreča
unhappy	nesrečen
unharmed	neškodovano
unhealthy	nezdravo
unheard	neslišno
unhelpful	brez pomoči
unhindered	neovirano
unholy	nehoten
unhook	Odpusti
unicorn	unicorn
unidentified	neznano
unification	poenotenje
unified	enotno
uniform	uniforme
uniformed	uniformirano
uniformity	enotnost
uniformly	enakomerno
unimaginable	nepredstavljivo
unimpeachable	nepopravljivo
unimpeached	nepremišljen
unimportant	nepomembno
unimpressed	neizrazit
unimproved	neučinkovito
uninfected	neokužen
uninformed	neinformirano
uninhabited	nenaseljen
uninitiated	nepredvideni
uninspired	nenavaden
unintelligible	nerazumljivo
unintended	nenamerno
unintentional	nenamerno
unintentionally	nenamerno
uninterested	nezainteresiran
uninteresting	nezanimiv
uninterrupted	neprekinjeno
uninvited	nepovabljen
union	unija
unique	edinstven
unisex	unisex
unison	unison
unit	enota
unitary	enotno
unite	združiti
united	združeni
unity	enotnost
universal	univerzalno
universality	univerzalnost
universe	vesolje
university	univerza
unjust	nepravično
unjustifiable	neupravičeno
unjustified	neupravičeno
unkind	neutemeljen
unknowable	neznano
unknown	neznano
unlawful	nezakonito
unleash	sprosti
unlicensed	brez licenc
unlike	za razliko od
unlikely	malo verjetno
unlimited	neomejeno
unlisted	neuvrščeni
unload	raztovoriti
unloaded	raztovorjen
unlock	odkleniti
unlucky	nesrečni
unmanageable	neobvladljivo
unmanned	brezposelni
unmarked	neoznačeni
unmarried	neporočeni
unmask	razkril
unmatched	neizravnane
unmistakable	nedvomno
unmitigated	nedotaknjeno
unmoved	nepremagljiv
unnamed	neimenovani
unnatural	nenaravno
unnecessary	nepotrebno
unneeded	nepotrebno
unnoticed	neopaženo
unnumbered	brezštevilen
unobserved	neopaženo
unobstructed	neoviran
unobtrusive	nevsiljivo
unoccupied	nenaseljen
unofficial	neuradno
unopened	neodprto
unopposed	brez ugovora
unordered	neurejen
unorganised	neorganizirano
unorganized	neorganizirano
unorthodox	neobičajno
unpack	razpakirajte
unpaid	neplačana
unparalleled	neprimerljivo
unpleasant	neprijeten
unpleasantness	neprijetnost
unplug	izklopite
unplugged	izklopljen
unpopular	nepriljubljen
unprecedented	brez primere
unpredictable	nepredvidljivo
unprepared	nepripravljen
unpretentious	nepretrgano
unproductive	neproduktivno
unprofessional	neprofesionalno
unprofitable	nedonosna
unprotected	nezaščiten
unproven	nedopusten
unprovoked	neizzvanega
unpublished	neobjavljeno
unpunished	nekaznovan
unqualified	nekvalificirano
unquestionable	nesporno
unquestionably	nesporno
unquestioned	nedvomno
unquote	unquote
unravel	razvozlati
unreachable	nedosegljiv
unread	neprebrano
unreal	nerealno
unrealistic	nerealno
unreasonable	nerazumno
unrecorded	neobjavljen
unregistered	neregistrirane
unregulated	neregulirano
unrelated	nepovezani
unrelenting	nepremišljen
unreliable	nezanesljiv
unremarkable	nepremagljivo
unrepentant	nepopustljiv
unrequited	nereden
unresolved	nerešeno
unresponsive	brez odzivnosti
unrest	nemir
unrestrained	nemiren
unrestricted	neomejeno
unromantic	neumna
unruly	nepopravljivo
unsafe	nevarno
unsanitary	neh
unsatisfactory	nezadovoljivo
unsatisfied	nezadovoljni
unsavory	nesrečni
unscathed	nepoškodovan
unscheduled	nenačrtovan
unscientific	neznanstven
unscrew	Odvijte
unscrupulous	brezobzirno
unseat	odpustite
unseen	neviden
unselfish	nesebično
unsettled	nereden
unsightly	grdo
unsolicited	nenaklonjen
unsolved	nerešeno
unsophisticated	nenavadno
unsound	hudo
unspeakable	neizprosno
unspecified	nedoločeno
unspoken	neizgovorjen
unstable	nestabilno
unsteady	nestabilno
unstoppable	neustavljivo
unsuccessful	neuspešno
unsuitable	neprimerno
unsung	unsung
unsupervised	nenadzorovano
unsupported	nepodprto
unsure	nenavaden
unsurpassed	neprekosljivo
unsuspecting	nič nenavadnega
unsustainable	netrajnostno
unsweetened	nesladkan
unsympathetic	nesmiselno
untamed	untamed
untenable	nevzdržno
untested	nepreverjeno
unthinkable	nepredstavljivo
untidy	Neupravičeno
untie	Odvezi
untimely	prezgodaj
untitled	brez naslova
untold	neizmerno
untouchable	nedotakljiva
untouched	nedotaknjeno
untoward	neugodno
untraceable	nepredstavljivo
untrained	neutreniran
untranslated	neprevedeni
untroubled	nezdrava
untrue	neresnično
untrustworthy	nezanesljivo
unturned	neobremenjen
unused	neuporabljeno
unusual	nenavadno
unusually	nenavadno
unutterable	neizmerno
unveil	razkrije
unveiling	razkritje
unverified	nepreverjeno
unwanted	neželeno
unwarranted	neupravičeno
unwary	neumno
unwashed	neobremenjen
unwavering	nepremagljiv
unwed	unwed
unwelcome	nezaželeno
unwell	slabo
unwilling	nepripravljen
unwillingly	nevoljno
unwillingness	nepripravljenost
unwind	počitek
unwise	nespametno
unwitting	nespremni
unwittingly	nevede
unworthy	brez vrednosti
unwrap	odmotite
unwritten	nenapisan
unyielding	nepopustljiv
unzip	unzip
upbeat	optimističen
upbringing	vzgoja
upcoming	prihajajoči
update	nadgradnja
upgrade	Nadgradnja
upheaval	preobrat
uphill	navzgor
uphold	podpirajo
upholstery	oblazinjenje
upkeep	vzdrževanje
upland	gore
uplands	gore
uplift	dviganje
uplifting	Uplifting
uplink	uplink
upload	nalaganje
upper	zgornji
uppercut	Gorčica
uppity	hrepenenje
upright	pokonci
uprising	vstaje
uproar	škoda
upscale	upscale
upset	razburjen
upshot	upshot
upstairs	zgoraj
upstanding	up
upstart	upstart
uptight	uprta
upward	navzgor
upwards	navzgor
uranium	uran
urban	mestno
urchin	urchin
urge	pozivam
urgency	nujnost
urgent	nujno
urinal	pisoar
urinalysis	urinaliza
urinate	urinirati
urination	uriniranje
urine	urina
urn	urn
usable	uporabno
usage	uporaba
use	uporaba
used	uporabljajo
useful	koristno
usefully	koristno
usefulness	uporabnost
useless	neuporabna
user	uporabnik
usher	Usher
usual	običajno
usurp	usurp
usurped	vzuril
usury	obresti
utensil	utensil
uterus	maternica
utilitarian	uporabno
utility	uporabnost
utilization	izkoriščanje
utilize	izkoristiti
utmost	Najvišja
utopian	utopično
utter	povsem
utterance	izgovor
utterly	povsem
vacancy	prosto delovno mesto
vacant	prazen
vacate	sprostite
vacation	počitnice
vaccination	cepljenje
vaccine	cepivo
vacuolar	vakuolar
vacuole	vakuol
vacuous	prazni
vacuum	vakuum
vagabond	vagabond
vagina	vagina
vaginal	vaginalni
vagrancy	Odsotnost
vagrant	bratje
vague	nejasen
vagueness	nejasnosti
vainly	zaman
valance	Valance
vale	Vale
valedictorian	valedictorian
valentine	valentin
valet	sluga
valiant	hvaljen
valid	veljaven
validate	potrdite
validation	validacija
validity	veljavnost
valium	valium
valley	dolina
valor	NO TRANSLATION
valuable	dragocen
valuables	dragocenosti
valuation	vrednotenje
value	vrednost
valve	ventil
vamoose	NO TRANSLATION
vamp	vamp
vampire	vampir
van	NO TRANSLATION
vandal	vandal
vandalism	vandalizem
vane	Vane
vanguard	avanguard
vanilla	vanilija
vanish	izginejo
vanished	izginila
vanishing	izginja
vanity	nečimrnosti
vanquish	pobegniti
vanquished	premagal
vanquishing	uničenje
vantage	ugodno
vapor	pare
vara	NO TRANSLATION
variable	spremenljivka
variance	variance
variation	variacije
variations	variacije
varicella	varicella
varicose	varikoze
varied	raznolika
variegated	pestra
variety	sorta
various	različno
varmint	varmint
varnish	lak
varsity	Varsity
vary	se razlikujejo
varying	različna
vascular	vaskularni
vase	vaza
vasectomy	vazektomija
vassal	vazal
vast	ogromno
vat	kad
vaudeville	vaudeville
vault	trezor
vaulted	obokani
vaulting	obok
veal	teletina
vector	vektor
veer	veer
vega	vega
vegan	vegan
vegetable	zelenjava
vegetarian	vegetarijansko
vegetarianism	vegetarijanstvo
vegetation	vegetacija
vegetative	vegetativno
veggie	veggie
vehement	močno
vehicle	vozilo
veil	tančica
veiled	pokrita
vein	Vena
veined	veined
vellum	vellum
velocity	hitrost
velour	velur
velvet	žamet
velvety	žametno
vena	vena
vendetta	vendetta
vending	Prodajni program
vendor	prodajalec
veneer	furnir
venerable	častitljiv
veneration	častitev
venereal	venera
venetian	venetian
vengeance	maščevanje
vengeful	maščevalen
venison	divjačina
venom	strup
venomous	strupeni
venous	venus
vent	vent
ventilation	prezračevanje
ventilator	ventilator
venting	odzračevanje
ventricle	ventricle
ventricular	ventrikularni
ventriloquist	ventriloquist
venture	podjetje
venue	prizorišče
veracity	verodostojnost
veranda	veranda
verb	glagol
verbal	verbalno
verbatim	dobesedno
verbiage	pogovor
verbose	verbose
verbosity	verbosity
verdant	zelen
verdict	razsodba
verge	rob
verification	preverjanje
verified	preverjeno
verify	preveri
verily	resnično
veritable	resnično
vermin	škodljivec
vermouth	vermut
vernacular	Vernacular
vernal	vernal
veronica	Veronica
versatile	vsestranski
versatility	vsestranskost
verse	verz
version	različico
versus	proti
vert	vert
vertebra	vretenca
vertebral	vretenčarji
vertex	vertex
vertical	navpično
vertically	navpično
vertigo	vrtoglavica
verve	verve
very negative	zelo negativen
very positive	zelo pozitivno
veryangry	NO TRANSLATION
vesicle	vezikla
vesicular	vezikularno
vessel	plovilo
vest	telovnik
vested	dodeljena
vestibule	vestibule
vestige	vestige
vet	veterinar
veteran	veteran
veterinarian	veterinar
veterinary	veterinarsko
veto	veto
vexed	užaljen
viability	sposobnost preživetja
viable	izvedljivo
viaduct	viadukt
vial	vialo
vibe	Vibe
vibes	Vibracije
vibrant	živahen
vibrate	vibriraj
vibration	vibracije
vibrator	vibrator
vibratory	vibracijski
vicar	vicar
vicarious	vicarious
vice	vice
viceroy	viceroy
vicinity	bližina
vicious	začaran
victim	žrtev
victimized	žrtev
victor	zmagovalec
victoria	victoria
victorious	zmagovalec
victory	zmaga
video	video
video game	video igrica
videotape	videokaseta
vie	NO TRANSLATION
view	pogled
viewer	gledalec
viewing	gledanje
viewpoint	stališče
vigil	Vigil
vigilance	budnost
vigilant	budno
vigilante	vigilante
vignette	vinjeta
vigor	Vigor
vigorous	živahna
viking	viking
vile	vile
villa	vila
village	vas
villager	vaška
villain	Zločinec
villainous	zloben
vinaigrette	vinaigrette
vindicate	zavrniti
vindicated	dokazano
vindication	dokazovanje
vindictive	maščevalen
vine	trta
vinegar	kis
vineyard	vinograd
vintage	letnik
vinyl	vinil
viola	viola
violate	kršiti
violation	kršitev
violence	nasilje
violent	nasilno
violently	nasilno
violet	vijolična
violin	violina
violinist	violinista
viper	Viper
viral	virusni
virgin	devica
virginal	devica
virginity	nedolžnost
virility	virility
virology	virologija
virtual	virtualno
virtually	praktično
virtue	vrlina
virtuoso	virtuoz
virtuous	dober
virulence	virulenca
virus	virus
visa	vizum
visage	NO TRANSLATION
viscosity	viskoznost
viscous	viskozni
vise	NO TRANSLATION
visibility	vidljivost
visible	vidno
visibly	vidno
vision	vizijo
visionary	vizionar
visit	obisk
visitation	obisk
visiting	obisk
visitor	obiskovalec
visor	vizir
vista	Vista
visual	vizualno
visualize	vizualizirati
vital	vitalnega
vitality	vitalnost
vitals	vitali
vitamin	vitamin
vitreous	steklastega
viva	viva
vivacious	živahno
vivid	živahno
vixen	Vixen
vocabulary	besednjak
vocal	vokal
vocalist	vokalist
vocation	poklic
vodka	vodka
vogue	moda
voice	glas
voiceless	brez glasu
voicemail	glasovna pošta
void	neveljaven
volatile	hlapljivo
volatility	volatilnost
volcanic	vulkanski
volcano	vulkan
volition	volja
volley	odbojka
volleyball	odbojka
voltage	Napetost
voltmeter	Voltmeter
volume	prostornina
volumes	prostornine
voluminous	obsežna
voluntarily	prostovoljno
voluntary	prostovoljno
volunteer	prostovoljec
volunteering	prostovoljstvo
volunteers	prostovoljci
voluptuous	voluptuous
vomit	bruhanje
vomiting	bruhanje
voodoo	Voodoo
voracious	nezaščiten
vortex	vrtinec
vote	glasovanje
voter	volivec
voting	glasovanje
votive	zavzet
vouch	jamčiti
voucher	kupon
vow	zaobljuba
vowel	samoglasnik
voyage	potovanje
voyager	Voyager
voyeur	voajer
vulgar	vulgarno
vulgarity	vulgarnost
vulnerability	ranljivost
vulnerable	ranljivi
vulture	mrkva
wacko	wacko
wacky	Čudno
wad	Wad
waddle	Vadim
wade	Wade
wafer	vafelj
waffle	vafelj
wag	wag
wage	plača
wager	stava
wages	plače
wagon	vagon
wail	wail
waist	pas
waistcoat	telovnik
waistline	pas
wait	počakaj
waiter	natakar
waiting	čakanje
waitinggame	NO TRANSLATION
waitress	natakarica
waive	opusti se
waiver	opustitev
wake	zbudi se
walk	hodi
walker	sprehod
walking	hoditi
walkout	hod
wall	zid
wallaby	Wallaby
wallet	denarnica
wallflower	wallflower
wallop	zid
wallow	valovito
wallpaper	tapeta
walnut	oreh
walrus	morilec
waltz	valček
wan	NO TRANSLATION
wand	palico
wander	tja
wanderer	plavalec
wandering	tava
wane	Pusti
waning	zmanjkalo
wanker	Čudak
wannabe	wannabe
wannasleep	NO TRANSLATION
want	želim
wanting	želim
wanton	neumnost
war	vojna
warbler	piknik
warcrimes	NO TRANSLATION
ward	oddelek
warden	upravitelj
wardrobe	garderobne omare
ware	pohištvo
warehouse	skladišče
warfare	vojna
warhead	bojna glava
warlike	vojaško
warlock	Warlock
warlord	vojni
warm	toplo
warming	segrevanje
warms	ogreje
warmth	toplino
warn	opozarjam
warned	opozoril
warning	Opozorilo
warp	osnova
warpath	vojna
warped	napačen
warrant	nalog
warranted	upravičeno
warrants	nalogov
warranty	garancijo
warren	Warren
warrior	bojevnik
warship	vojna ladja
wart	bradavice
wartime	vojno
wary	pozoren
wash	pranje
washed	oprano
washer	pralec
washing	pranje
washout	izperi
washroom	umivalnica
wasp	osa
waste	odpadki
wastebasket	odpadni koš
wasted	zapravili
wasteful	potratno
wasteland	puščava
wasting	izgublja
watch	pazi
watchdog	čuvaj
watcher	opazovalec
watchful	budno
watchman	NO TRANSLATION
watchout	pazi
watchtower	stražarska tabla
water	voda
water polo	vaterpolo
waterbed	vodna postelja
watercourse	vodotok
watered	zaliti
waterfall	slap
waterfront	riva
watering can	zalivanje lahko
watermelon	lubenica
waterproof	vodoodporen
waterworks	vodovod
watery	vodo
wave	val
wavelength	valovna dolžina
waver	valovanje
wavering	valovanje
waves	valovi
wavy	valovita
wax	vosek
waxed	voskasta
waxy	voskasta
way	način
ways	načinov
wayward	grdo
weak	šibko
weaken	oslabi
weakened	oslabljeno
weakling	slabitev
weakly	šibko
weakness	slabost
wealth	bogastvo
wealthy	bogat
weapon	orožje
weaponry	orožje
wear	obrabo
wearer	uporabnik
wearily	utrujen
weariness	utrujenost
wearing	nošenje
weary	utrujen
weasel	podlasica
weather	vreme
weathered	izčrpan
weatherman	vremenskih
weatherproof	vremensko odporna
weave	tkanje
web	splet
website	Spletna stran
wed	poročni
wedded	poročen
wedding	poroka
wedge	klin
wedlock	poročen
wee	Mi
weed	trava
weeding	plevela
weeds	plevel
weedy	Weedy
weeeee	NO TRANSLATION
week	teden
weekday	dan v tednu
weekend	vikend
weekly	tedensko
weenie	Weenie
weep	Plakaj
weeping	jokati
weeping willow	jokati vrba
weepy	strpljivo
weigh	tehtajte
weighing	tehtanje
weight	utež
weightless	brez teže
weightloss	NO TRANSLATION
weights	uteži
weighty	težko
weir	Weir
weird	čudno
weirdness	čudaško
weirdo	čudak
welcome	dobrodošli
welcomed	pozdravil
welcoming	dobrodošlico
weld	zvar
welder	varilec
welding	varjenje
welfare	dobro počutje
wellhead	vodnjak
wellness	wellness
welsh	valižanščina
welt	NO TRANSLATION
wen	NO TRANSLATION
wench	žganje
werewolf	volkodlak
west	zahodno
westbound	zahodno
western	zahodni
wet	mokro
wetback	wetback
whack	udaril
whale	kit
whaling	kitolov
wham	Wham
whammy	whammy
wharf	pristan
whatdoido	NO TRANSLATION
whatif	kaj če
whatmakesmesmile	NO TRANSLATION
whatnot	kaj ne
whatsoever	karkoli
whatsthepoint	NO TRANSLATION
wheat	pšenica
wheel	kolo
wheel barrow	NO TRANSLATION
wheelbarrow	samokolnica
wheelchair	invalidski voziček
wheels	kolesa
wheeze	džiga
whelp	whelp
whereabouts	kje se nahaja
wherefore	zakaj
wherewith	s katerim
wherewithal	kjerkoli
whet	pšenica
whiff	utrip
whilst	medtem ko
whim	kim
whimper	kimper
whimsical	muhast
whimsy	mrzlo
whine	gremo
whiny	whiny
whip	bič
whiplash	srčni utrip
whipped	bič
whirl	vrteti
whirlpool	whirlpool
whirlwind	vihar
whisk	žvakanje
whisker	lasišče
whiskers	brki
whiskey	viski
whisky	viski
whisper	šepetati
whispered	šepetal
whistle	piščalka
whit	whit
white	bela
whitefish	bela ribica
whiteness	belina
whitewash	pobesnelo
whitish	belkasta
whittle	belka
whiz	Whiz
whole	celoto
wholesale	na debelo
wholesome	zdrava
wholly	v celoti
whoo	kdo
whoop	Strah
whopper	hudiča
whopping	neverjetno
whore	kurba
whorehouse	bratje
wick	stenjanje
wicked	hudič
wickedness	hudobnost
wicker	protja
wicket	wicket
wide	široko
widely	široko
widen	razširiti
widespread	razširjen
widow	vdova
widowed	vdova
widower	Vdovec
width	premer
wield	wield
wiener	wiener
wienie	NO TRANSLATION
wife	žena
wig	lasulja
wiggle	Vigal
wight	Ves čas
wiki	wiki
wild	divji
wildcat	divja mačka
wildebeest	divja bitja
wilderness	divjina
wildfire	gozdni požar
wildlife	prosto živeče živali
will	volja
willful	namerno
willies	Willies
willing	pripravljen
willingly	prostovoljno
willingness	pripravljenost
willow	Vrba
willpower	moč volje
wilt	wilt
wilted	nagnjen
wily	lahkotno
wimp	wimp
wimpy	Wimpy
win	zmaga
wince	wince
winch	vitlo
wind	veter
windbag	windbag
windfall	nepričakovano
winding	navijanje
windmill	vetrnica
window	okno
windowsill	NO TRANSLATION
windpipe	sapnik
windshield	vetrobransko steklo
windy	vetrovno
wine	vino
wine cooler	hladilnik vina
wing	krilo
winged	krilat
winger	krilo
wingman	krilo
wink	Umakni
winner	zmagovalec
winning	zmagovalec
winnings	dobitki
wino	NO TRANSLATION
winter	zima
winterbreak	NO TRANSLATION
wintertime	pozimi
wintery	zimsko
wintry	zime
wipe	obrišite
wiper	brisalec
wire	žica
wired	žično
wireless	brezžično
wiretap	prisluškovanje
wiring	ožičenje
wis	wis
wisdom	modrost
wise	moder
wish	želim
wishbone	poželenje
wishful	željo
wishing	želijo
wishmeluck	zaželi mi srečo
wisp	šopek
wistful	pametno
wit	wit
witch	čarovnica
witchcraft	čarovništvo
withal	withal
withdraw	umaknite se
withdrawal	umik
withdrawals	umiki
withdrawn	umaknjeno
wither	vihar
withered	sušen
withering	utrujenost
withhold	zadrži
withholding	zadržanje
withstand	zdrži
witless	brezobziren
witness	priča
wits	wits
witty	duhovito
wiz	wiz
wizard	Čarovnik
wobble	valovanje
wobbly	šopek
woe	grdo
woeful	Žalosten
woefully	žalostno
wok	wok
wokemeup	NO TRANSLATION
wolf	volk
wolverine	wolverine
woman	ženska
womanhood	ženskaštvo
womanizer	žensko
womanly	žensko
womb	maternica
wonder	čudno
wonderful	Čudovito
wonderfully	čudovito
wonderment	čudež
wondrous	čudno
wont	NO TRANSLATION
woo	woo
wood	les
woodcut	lesorez
wooden	lesena
woodland	gozd
woodlands	gozdovi
woodpecker	žolna
woods	gozd
woodshed	lesa
woodsman	gozdar
woodwork	lesarstvo
woody	lesen
woof	woof
woohoo	woohoo
wooing	navijanje
wool	volna
woolen	volneno
woolly	volneno
woot	woot
woozy	Žalosten
wop	wop
word	beseda
wording	besedilo
words	besede
wordy	Besede
work	delo
workaholic	workaholic
workbook	delovni zvezek
worker	delavec
working	delo
workings	delo
workload	delovna obremenitev
workman	delavec
workmanship	izdelava
workout	telovaditi
workplace	delovno mesto
works	dela
workshop	delavnica
workup	delo
world	svet
worldly	svetovno
worldwide	po vsem svetu
worm	črv
wormhole	črvina
wormwood	pelin
worn	obrabljena
worried	zaskrbljen
worries	skrbi
worry	skrbi
worrying	zaskrbljujoče
worse	slabše
worsening	poslabšanje
worship	čaščenje
worshipful	častiti
worstfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
worth	vredno
worthless	brez vrednosti
worthwhile	vredno
worthy	vreden
wot	wot
would	bi
wound	rana
wounded	ranjen
wounding	ranjenje
wounds	rane
wracking	Vlečenje
wrangler	skrivnost
wrangling	premagati
wrap	zaviti
wrapper	ovoj
wrapping	zavijanje
wrath	jeza
wrathful	gnusen
wreak	uniči
wreath	venec
wreck	razbitino
wreckage	razbitine
wrecked	uničil
wrecker	uničevalec
wrench	ključ
wrenching	grižljaj
wrest	Uniči
wrestle	Boriti se
wrestler	rokoborca
wrestling	rokoborba
wretch	nesreča
wretched	beden
wriggle	iztrebi
wright	Vesel sem
wring	krč
wringer	šopek
wrinkle	gube
wrinkled	zguban
wrist	zapestje
wristband	zapestnica
wristwatch	ročno uro
writ	pisanje
write	piši
writer	pisatelj
writing	pisanje
written	napisano
wrong	narobe
wrongdoing	nepravičnost
wrongful	nezakonito
wrongly	napačno
wrought	kovanec
wry	ženo
xanax	xanax
xenophobia	ksenofobija
xerox	xerox
xmas	xmas
xoxo	xoxo
yaaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaay	NO TRANSLATION
yacht	jahta
yachting	jadranje
yahoo	yahoo
yak	jak
yam	yam
yank	Jank
yap	NO TRANSLATION
yard	dvorišče
yarn	preja
yaw	jaw
yawn	Zehanje
yawning	zehanje
yay	Juhu
yayy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyyy	NO TRANSLATION
yea	Ja
yeahhh	Ja
yeahhhh	NO TRANSLATION
year	leto
yearbook	letopis
yearling	letnik
yearly	letno
yearn	hrepeneti
yearning	hrepenenje
years	let
yeast	kvas
yehey	NO TRANSLATION
yell	vikati
yeller	yeller
yelling	vikanje
yellow	rumeno
yellows	rumenjak
yelp	yelp
yen	jen
yeoman	yeoman
yesss	yesss
yessss	yessss
yesterday	včeraj
yesteryear	nekoč
yew	Tisa
yey	NO TRANSLATION
yield	donos
yielding	Mehek
yo-yo	NO TRANSLATION
yodel	Jodel
yoga	jogo
yogi	yogi
yogurt	jogurt
yoke	jaram
yolk	rumenjak
yon	NO TRANSLATION
yonder	yonder
young	mladi
younger	mlajši
youngster	mladostnik
yousuck	beden si
youth	mladina
youthful	mladosten
yucky	Jaki
yuletide	yuletide
yummy	yummy
yuppie	yuppie
zany	Zany
zap	zap
zeal	zeal
zealot	zealot
zealous	vljudno
zebra	zebra
zen	Zen
zenith	zenit
zephyr	Zephyr
zeppelin	zepelin
zest	luska
zesty	zest
zeta	zeta
zigzag	cikcak
zilch	Zilch
zillion	zillion
zinc	cink
zing	NO TRANSLATION
zip	zip
zipper	zadrga
zippy	zdravo
zit	NO TRANSLATION
zodiac	Zodiak
zombie	zombi
zone	območje
zoning	območje
zoo	živalski vrt
zoological	zoološki
zoology	zoologija
zoom	zoom
zucchini	bučke
