Word	sm
aaaaaaah	aaaaaaah
aaaah	NO TRANSLATION
aardvark	aardvark
aback	o se mea e leai
abacus	faʻailoga
abalone	vailaʻau
abandon	lafoaia
abandoned	tuulafoaiina
abandonment	lafoaia
abashed	faalumaina
abate	faʻasologa
abatement	faʻaaogaina
abba	abba
abbey	abbey
abbot	NO TRANSLATION
abbreviate	otooto
abbreviation	otootoga
abdomen	manava
abdominal	afaina
abduct	faoa
abduction	aveeseina
aberrant	valea
aberration	faʻaleagaina
abeyance	faʻailoga
abhor	inoino
abhorrence	inoino
abhorrent	inoino
abide	tausisia
abiding	tausisia
ability	tomai
abject	faalumaina
ablation	faʻasologa
ablaze	sasaa
able	mafai
abnormal	lē masani
abnormality	mea le lelei
aboard	uta
abode	nofo
abolish	soloia
abolition	solo
abominable	inosia
abominate	inoino
abomination	mea inosia
aboriginal	Aboriginal
abort	afaina
abortion	faapaʻu pepe
abortive	faʻailoga
abound	tele
abovementioned	ua taua i luga
abracadabra	abracadabra
abrasion	faʻasalaga
abrasive	abrasive
abreast	togi
abroad	i fafo
abrogate	solo
abrupt	faanatinati
abruptly	faʻafuaseʻi
abscess	fao
absence	toesea
absent	toesea
absentee	leai
absenteeism	toesea
absinthe	absinthe
absolute	saʻo
absolution	toesea
absolve	saʻo
absorb	toso
absorbed	faʻaleleia
absorbent	sosolo
absorbing	gauaʻi
absorption	avega
abstain	aloese
abstention	taofi
abstinence	faʻasalaga
abstract	faʻapitoa
abstraction	faʻaaogaina
absurd	valea
absurdity	valea
abundance	tele
abundant	tele
abuse	faʻaleagaina
abused	sauaina
abusive	faʻasaunoa
abutment	faʻapipiʻi
aby	NO TRANSLATION
abysmal	leaga
abyss	abyss
academic	aʻoga
academy	aʻoga
accede	faʻatautaia
accelerant	saoasaoa
accelerate	faatelevave
accelerated	faʻateleina
acceleration	saoasaoa
accelerator	osofaʻiga
accent	leo
accentuate	faʻailoa
accept	talia
acceptable	taliaina
acceptance	talia
acceptances	taliaina
access	avanoa
accessible	avanoa
accession	faʻatasi
accessory	avanoa
accident	faalavelave
accidental	faʻafuaseʻi
accidentally	faʻafuaseʻi
acclaim	alalaga
accolade	faʻaola
accommodate	nofo ai
accommodation	fale nofo
accompaniment	taʻavale
accompany	ō faʻatasi
accompanying	faʻatasi
accomplice	tagata faʻapitoa
accomplish	ausia
accomplished	ausia
accomplishment	ausia
accord	tutusa
accordance	tusa ai
accordion	tutusa
account	teugatupe
accountability	tali atu
accountable	tali atu
accountant	tausitusi
accounting	tala faʻatusi
accounts	tala
accredited	faʻatagaina
accretion	faʻamanuiaina
accrue	faʻateleina
accueil	NO TRANSLATION
accumulate	faaputuputu
accumulation	faaputuputu
accuracy	saʻo
accurate	saʻo
accursed	faʻasalaina
accusation	tuuaiga
accusative	tuuai
accuse	molia
accused	tuuaia
accuser	tagata molia
accusing	molia
accustomed	masani
ace	ace
acetic	vailaau
acetylene	acetylene
ache	maʻi
achieve	ausia
achieved	ausia
achievement	ausia
aching	mafatia
achy	au
acid	gaʻo
acidity	malosi
acknowledge	faailoa
acknowledged	faailoaina
acknowledgement	faʻaaloalo
acknowledgment	faʻaaloalo
acme	faʻamalosi
acne	siama
acorn	moa
acoustic	acoustic
acoustics	acoustics
acquaint	masani
acquaintance	masani
acquainted	masani
acquiescence	faʻamaoniga
acquire	maua
acquiring	mauaina
acquisition	mauaina
acquisitions	faʻatau
acquit	faʻamaonia
acquittal	faʻasao
acre	eka
acreage	fanua
acres	eka
acrobat	faʻataʻitaʻiga
acrylic	acrylic
act	galue
acting	galue
action	taga
action figure	fua faʻatatau
actionable	faʻataʻitaʻi
activate	faʻaagaoioia
activation	faatoaagaina
active	malosi
activist	tagata gaoioi
activity	gaoioiga
actor	tagata fai taga
actress	tagata fai pese
actual	moni
actuality	moni
actuary	tagata poto faapitoa i mea tau tupe
acuity	fanua
acumen	acumen
acupuncture	acupuncture
acute	aute
acutely	matua
ad	ad
adage	taufaaleaga
adamant	mataʻutia
adapt	fetuunai
adaptable	fetuunai
adaptation	fetuunaiga
add	faʻaopoopo
added	faaopoopo
addendum	faʻaopoopoga
adder	mea faʻapipiʻi
addict	vaisu
addicted	vaisu
addiction	vaisu
addictive	vaisu
addition	faʻaopoopoga
additional	faʻaopoopoga
additive	faʻaopoopoga
address	tuatusi
addressee	tagata faʻatau
addresses	tuatusi
adept	tagata atamai
adequacy	le lava
adequate	lava
adhere	tausisia
adherence	pipii
adherent	tausisia
adhering	pipii
adhesion	taliga
adhesive	pipii
adieu	adieu
adipose	faʻalelei
adjacency	faʻatatau
adjacent	lata ane
adjective	faʻaaliga
adjoining	latalata ane
adjourn	tolopo
adjournment	tolopoina
adjudicate	faamasinoina
adjudication	faamasinoga
adjunct	fetuunai
adjust	fetuunai
adjuster	fetuunaiga
adjustment	fetuunaiga
adjuvant	adjuvant
admin	pule
administer	faafoe
administration	pulega
administrative	pulega
administrator	pule
admirable	faamemelo
admiral	talifiami
admiralty	talisapaia
admiration	faamemelo
admire	faamemelo
admired	faamemelo
admirer	faamemelo
admiring	faamemelo
admissibility	faʻatagaina
admissible	taliaina
admission	ulufale
admit	taʻutaʻu
admittance	taliaina
admitted	ioeina
admitting	ioeina
admixture	talofa
admonition	apoapoaiga
ado	pele
adobe	adobe
adolescence	talavou
adolescent	talavou
adopt	talia
adoption	tamaʻitaʻi
adoptive	faʻataʻitaʻi
adorable	matagofie
adoration	faamemelo
adore	faʻaaloalo
adoring	tapuaʻi
adorn	teuteu
adornment	teuteu
adrenalin	adrenalin
adrenaline	adrenaline
adrift	faʻatau
adult	tagata matutua
adulterated	mulilua
adulterer	mulilua
adultery	mulilua
adulthood	matua
advance	muamua
advanced	sili atu
advancement	alualu i luma
advancing	agai i luma
advantage	manuia
advantageous	aoga
advent	afio mai
adventure	malaga
adventurer	tagata faʻasalalau
adventures	mea tutupu
adventurous	tagata faʻasalalau
adversary	fili
adverse	leaga
adversity	faigata
advertise	faasalalauina
advertisement	faasalalauga faatosina
advertising	faasalalauga
adverts	faasalalauga
advice	fautuaga
advisable	fautuaina
advise	fautuaina
advised	fautuaina
advisement	Fautuaga
adviser	faufautua
advisor	faufautua
advisory	faufautua
advocacy	faufautua
advocate	fautua
aegis	aegis
aeration	vaʻavaʻa
aerial	vaalele
aerobics	fomaʻi
aerodrome	malae vaalele
aerodynamic	malae vaalele
aerodynamics	malae vaʻalele
aeronautics	tagata femalagaiga i luga o le ea
aeroplane	vaalele
aerospace	aerospace
aesthetic	matagofie
aesthetics	aesthetics
aetiology	aioioio
afar	mamao
affable	affable
affair	mataupu
affect	aafia ai
affecting	aafia ai
affection	alofa
affectionate	alofa
affections	alofa
affiche	NO TRANSLATION
affidavit	faʻamaoniga
affiliated	faʻatasi
affiliation	mafutaga
affinity	faʻatasi
affirm	faʻamaonia
affirmation	faʻamaoniga
affirmative	ioe
affirmatively	ioe
affix	afifi
afflict	mafatia
afflicted	mafatia
affliction	puapuaga
affluence	tamaoaiga
affluent	tamaoaiga
afford	gafatia
affordable	taugofie
affront	faʻalavelave
affronted	ita
afield	aferika
afire	afifi
afloat	afu
afore	muamua
aforementioned	ua taua muamua
aforesaid	ua taua muamua
afraid	fefe
afresh	fou
african	african
aft	afu
afterlife	pe a mavae le ola
aftermath	mulimuli ane
afternoon	aoauli
aftershave	pe a maeʻa
aftertaste	mulimuli ane
afterthought	i tua
aga	NO TRANSLATION
agape	agape
agate	agate
age	tausaga
aged	matua
agency	lala sooupu
agenda	lisi o mataupu
agent	sooupu
agglomeration	agavaʻa
aggravate	faʻaleagaina
aggravated	ua faateteleina
aggravates	faʻalavelave
aggravating	faʻateleina
aggravation	faʻaleagaina
aggregate	faʻatasi
aggregation	tuufaatasiga
aggresive	NO TRANSLATION
aggression	osofaiga
aggressive	faʻamalosi
aggressively	faʻamalosi
aggressiveness	faʻamalosi
aggressor	tagata sauā
agh	a
aghast	taua
aghhh	NO TRANSLATION
agile	agile
agility	agavaʻa
aging	matua
agitate	faʻaosooso
agitated	atuatuvale
agitation	osofaʻiga
aglow	aglow
agnostic	agnostic
ago	ua mavae
agonizing	tiga
agony	tiga
agoraphobia	agoraphobia
agree	malilie
agreeable	malie
agreed	malilie
agreeing	malilie
agreement	maliega
agressive	NO TRANSLATION
agricultural	faatoaga
agriculture	faatoaga
aground	vasa
agua	NO TRANSLATION
ahead	luma atu
ahhh	ahhh
ahhhhhhhh	NO TRANSLATION
ahoy	lalelei
aid	fesoasoani
aide	fesoasoani
aiding	fesoasoani
aids	fesoasoani
ail	a
ailing	maʻi
ailment	maʻi
aim	sini
aimless	leai se aoga
air	ea
airbag	vaalele
airborne	vaalele
aircraft	vaalele
aircraft carrier	vaalele vaalele
airfield	malae vaalele
airhead	vaalele
airlift	lele
airline	vaalele
airliner	vaalele
airlock	vaalele
airman	vaalele
airplane	vaalele
airport	malaevaalele
airs	ea
airship	vaalele
airspace	vaalele
airspeed	felelei
airstrip	matagi
airtight	vaalele
airway	vaalele
aisle	vavae
ait	NO TRANSLATION
ajar	NO TRANSLATION
aka	lima
akin	Akin
alabaster	alabaster
alarm	faʻailoga
alarm clock	uati faʻailo
alarmed	popole
alarming	mataʻutia
alas	ala
alb	NO TRANSLATION
albatross	albatross
albino	albino
album	lipine
alchemy	alchemy
alcohol	ava malosi
alcoholic	ava malosi
alcoholism	ava malosi
alcove	ava malosi
alderman	alderman
ale	NO TRANSLATION
alert	mataala
alertness	mataala
alerts	matala
alfalfa	alfalfa
algebra	algebra
algebraic	algebraic
algorithm	algorithm
alias	aliasia
alibi	alibi
alien	tagata ese
alienate	ese
alienated	vavalalata
alienation	vavalalata
alight	faʻamaonia
align	fetaui
aligned	fetaui
alignment	fetuutuunaiga
alike	tutusa
alimentation	NO TRANSLATION
alimony	alimony
aliquot	faʻailoga
alive	ola
alkali	alkali
alkaloids	alkaloids
allay	faʻaitiitia
allegation	tuuaiga
allege	fai mai
alleged	tuuaia
allegiance	agavaʻa
allegorical	tala faʻatusa
allegory	faataoto
allegro	allegro
allergic	maʻi
allergy	allergy
alleviate	faʻaitiitia
alleviation	faʻalelei
alley	alala
alleyway	uila
alliance	fealofani
allied	lagolago
alligator	atigatoru
allocate	vavae
allocation	tufatufaga
allot	vaevaeina
allotment	tufatufaga
allow	faatagaina
allowable	faʻatagaina
allowance	alauni
allowed	faatagaina
alloy	tui
allsmiles	NO TRANSLATION
allure	fiafia
alluring	faʻamalosi
allusion	fuafaatatau
alluvial	mea uma
ally	uo
almanac	almanac
almighty	tagata silisili ese
almond	almondi
aloft	alo
aloha	alofa
alone	toʻatasi
alongside	i autafa
aloof	aloese
aloud	leotele
alpha	palaka
alphabet	mataitusi
alphabetical	fafapeta
alpine	alpine
alreadyyyyy	ua leva
altar	fata faitaulaga
altar boy	fata faitaulaga
alter	suia
alteration	suiga
altercation	suiga
altered	suia
alternate	sui
alternating	sui
alternative	isi
altimeter	altimeter
altitude	maualuga
alto	tusa lava
altogether	atoa
aluminum	aluminium
alumnus	alumnus
alveolar	alveolar
alzheimers	NO TRANSLATION
amalgam	tuufaatasiga
amalgamation	tuufaatasiga
amaretto	faʻailoga
amass	faʻapipiʻi
amateur	amateur
amaze	maofa
amazed	maofa
amazedness	NO TRANSLATION
amazement	maofa
amazing	ofoofogia
amazingly	ofoofogia
ambassador	amepasa
amber	Amber
ambience	lagona fiafia
ambient	uiga tutusa
ambiguity	valea
ambiguous	faanenefu
ambit	ambit
ambition	faanaunauga
ambitious	naunau tele
ambivalent	ambivalent
ambrosia	ambrosia
ambulance	falemaʻi
ambush	faʻatali
ameliorate	faʻaleleia
amen	Amene
amenable	faʻafeiloaʻi
amend	teuteu
amendment	teuteuga
amends	teuteu
amenity	amene
amethyst	amethyst
amiable	malie
amicable	faʻalelei
amid	lotolotoi
amidst	i le ogatotonu
amino	Amino
ammo	Ammo
ammonia	amonia
ammonium	ammonium
ammunition	auupega
amnesia	amnesia
amnesty	faʻamaoni
amorous	fiafia
amorphous	amorphous
amortization	faʻaaogaina
amount	aofaiga
amour	NO TRANSLATION
amp	amp
ampersand	ampersand
amphetamines	amphetamines
amphibian	amphibian
amphibious	amphibious
amphitheater	fale faʻafiafia
ample	tele
amplification	faʻamatalaga
amplify	faʻatele
amplitude	telefoni
amply	lava
amputate	toesea
amputation	toesea
amuck	amuck
amulet	amulet
amuse	fiafia
amused	fiafia
amusement	mea malie
amusing	malie
ana	NO TRANSLATION
anaconda	anaconda
anaesthesia	faʻamaʻi
anaesthetic	vailaʻau
anagram	ata
anal	tala
analgesic	analgesic
analogous	tutusa
analogue	tutusa
analogy	tala faʻatusa
analysis	auiliiliga
analyst	tagata suʻesuʻe
analytic	analytic
analytical	auiliiliga
analyze	iloilo
analyzer	auiliiliga
anaphylactic	anaphylactic
anarchism	anarchism
anarchist	anarchist
anarchy	faʻanoanoa
anastomosis	anastomosis
anathema	faʻatau
anatomic	anatomic
anatomy	anatomy
ancestor	tuaa
ancestral	tuaa
ancestry	tuaa
anchor	taula
anchorage	taula
ancient	anamua
ancillary	faʻailoga
androgen	asene
android	taula
anecdote	tala otooto
anemia	anaemia
anemic	afaina
anemone	anemone
anesthesia	faʻamaʻi
anesthesiologist	anesthesiologist
anesthetic	vailaʻau
aneurysm	anerysm
anew	fou
angel	agelu
angelic	agelu
anger	ita
angered	ita
angermanagement	NO TRANSLATION
angina	angina
angiogram	angiogram
angiography	angiography
angle	tau
angling	faʻaiʻu
angora	Angora
angriest	faʻamasino
angry	ita
angrytweet	NO TRANSLATION
angst	angst
anguish	mafatiaga
anguished	mafatiaga
angular	angular
anhydrous	leai se mea
animal	manu
animate	fiafia
animated	fiafia
animation	animation
animosity	ita
animus	animus
ankle	tapuvae
anklet	solofanua
annals	faʻamaumauga
annex	annex
annexation	annexation
annexe	NO TRANSLATION
annihilate	faʻaumatia
annihilated	faʻaumatia
annihilation	faʻaumatia
anniversary	atoaga ose mafutaga
annotate	Faʻamatala
annotation	faʻamatalaga
announce	faasilasila
announcement	faasilasilaga
announcer	faʻailoa
annoy	ita
annoyance	ita
annoyed	ita
annoyin	NO TRANSLATION
annoying	ita
annoys	ita
annual	tausaga taʻitasi
annuity	tausaga taʻitasi
annul	faalēaogā
annular	faʻamau
annulment	faalēaogāina
annulus	faalēaogā
anointed	faauuina
anointing	faauuga
anomalous	leai se mea
anomaly	anomaly
anon	Anon
anonymity	le faʻamaonia
anonymous	le iloa
anorexic	meaʻai
answer	tali
answerable	taligofie
answering	Tali
ant	al
antagonism	taufaasese
antagonist	tagata tetee
antagonistic	tetee
antagonize	antagonize
ante	NO TRANSLATION
antecedent	faʻasologa
antelope	uila
antenna	antenna
anterior	tua
anthem	musika
anthill	fofo
anthology	tala faʻasolopito
anthrax	anthrax
anthropological	tala faʻasolopito
anthropologist	fomaʻi
anthropology	tala faʻasolopito
anti	aneti
antiaircraft	faʻataʻitaʻiga
antibiotic	vailaʻau
antibiotics	vailaau faʻamaʻi
antichrist	anetikeriso
anticipate	fuafua
anticipation	faanaunauga
anticipatory	faanaunauga
antics	faʻasologa
antidote	vaifofo
antifungal	faʻailoga
antigravity	vailaʻau
antimony	antimony
antipathy	antipathy
antiquarian	antiquarian
antiquated	faʻailoga
antique	anamua
antiques	anamua
antiquity	anamua
antiseptic	fomaʻi
antisocial	faʻapitoa
antithesis	vailaau
antithetical	faʻatau
antiviral	antiviral
antler	tagata faʻatau
antsy	aneti
anus	a
anvil	afā
anxiety	popolega
anxietyattack	NO TRANSLATION
anxious	popole
anxiousness	popolega
anytime	soʻo se taimi
aorta	aorta
aortic	faʻatau
apace	avanoa lautele
apache	apache
apartment	fale
apartments	fale mautotogi
apathetic	lē fiafia
apathy	le le fiafia
ape	ape
aperture	tatala
apex	apex
aphid	aphid
aphrodisiac	aphrodisiac
apiece	faʻatasi
aplomb	aplomb
apocalypse	apocalypse
apocalyptic	apocalyptic
apologetic	faanatinati
apologist	apologist
apologize	faatoese
apology	faʻatoesega
apostasy	liliuese
apostate	liliuese
apostle	aposetolo
apostolic	apostolic
apostrophe	liliuese
apothecary	faʻamalosi
appalled	faʻanoanoa
appalling	maofa
apparatus	meafaigaluega
apparel	ofu
apparent	manino
apparently	foliga manino
apparition	foliga vaaia
appeal	apili
appear	faʻaalia
appearance	foliga vaaia
appease	faʻafiafia
appellant	tagata talosaga
append	faʻaopoopo
appendage	faʻaopoopoga
appendectomy	appendectomy
appendicitis	appendicitis
appendix	faʻaopoopoga
appetite	tuinanau
appetizer	meaʻai
appetizing	meaʻai
applaud	pese
applause	pepese
apple	apu
apple juice	apu opu
applejack	applejack
applesauce	taʻavale
appliance	meafaigaluega
appliances	masini
applicability	faʻatoga
applicable	talafeagai
applicant	talosaga
application	talosaga
apply	faʻaaoga
appoint	tofia
appointment	tofiga
appointments	tofiga
apportion	vaevaega
apportionment	vaevaega
appraisal	iloiloga
appraise	iloiloga
appreciable	talisapaia
appreciate	talisapaia
appreciated	talisapaia
appreciates	talisapaia
appreciation	talisapaia
appreciative	talisapaia
apprehend	matauina
apprehension	mataʻutia
apprehensive	popole
apprentice	tagata aperenitisi
apprenticeship	aperenitisi
approach	auala
approaching	latalata mai
approbate	NO TRANSLATION
approbation	faʻatagaga
appropriate	talafeagai
appropriation	faatatauina
approval	faamaoniga
approve	faamaonia
approved	faʻamaonia
approvement	faʻataʻitaʻiga
approving	faamaonia
approximate	faʻatatau
approximately	e tusa
approximating	faʻatatau
approximation	faʻatusatusa
appurtenances	mea faʻapitoa
apricot	apricot
apron	apron
apt	faʻaaoga
aptitude	atamamai
aqua	vai
aquamarine	aquamarine
aquarium	aquarium
aquatic	vai
aqueduct	alavai
aqueous	aqueous
arable	faʻataʻitaʻi
arbiter	faamasino
arbitrary	faʻasalaga
arbitrate	faʻamasinoga
arbitration	faamasinoga
arbitrator	faamasino
arbor	arbor
arc	arc
arcade	faʻailoga
arcane	faʻailoa
arch	fao
archaeological	fale suʻesuʻe
archaeologist	tagata suʻesuʻe o mea anamua
archaeology	archeology
archaic	archaic
archangel	agelu sili
archbishop	archbishop
archdiocese	archdiocese
archduke	faʻapipiʻi
arched	faʻailoa
archer	fanafana
archery	fanafana
archetype	archetype
archipelago	atumotu
architect	tusiata
architectural	tusiata
architecture	fausaga fale
archive	faamaumauga
arctic	arctic
ardent	faʻailoa
ardor	ita tele
arduous	faigata
area	nofoaga
arena	malae
areola	isola
areyoukidding	NO TRANSLATION
areyoukiddingme	NO TRANSLATION
argent	NO TRANSLATION
argh	tala
arghh	NO TRANSLATION
arghhhh	NO TRANSLATION
argue	finau
argument	finauga
argumentation	finauga
argumentative	finauga
arguments	finauga
arid	fafati
arise	tulaʻi
aristocracy	aristocracy
aristocrat	faʻatau
aristocratic	faʻauʻu
arithmetic	numera
ark	atolaau
arm	lima
armada	armada
armament	auupega
armaments	auupega
armature	auupega
armchair	fafie
armed	faaauupegaina
armor	ofutau
armored	ua fusia
armory	faleoloa
armpit	faʻailoga
arms	lima
army	fitafita
aroma	manogi
aromatherapy	aromatherapy
arousal	osofia
arouse	fagua
aroused	fagua
arraignment	faʻailoga
arrange	faatulaga
arranged	faatulaga
arrangement	faatulagaga
array	faatulagaga
arrears	faʻaiʻuga
arrest	puʻeina
arrhythmia	arrhythmia
arrival	taunuu mai
arrive	taunuu
arrogance	faamaualuga
arrogant	faʻamaualuga
arrow	arrow
arsehole	arsehole
arseholes	arseholes
arsenal	arsenal
arsenic	arsenic
arson	fana
arsonist	faʻailoga
art	faatufugaga
arterial	faʻailoga
artery	talatala
artful	aulelei
arthritis	gasegase
arthropod	arthropod
artichoke	artichoke
article	tusiga
articles	tusiga
articulate	faʻamatala
articulation	faʻamatalaga
artifact	faʻailoga
artifice	faʻailoga
artificial	faʻailoga
artillery	tusiata
artisan	tusiata
artist	tusiata
artiste	NO TRANSLATION
artistic	faatufugaga
artistry	tusiata
artists	tusiata
artwork	tusiata
arty	arty
asap	asap
asbestos	asbestos
ascend	alu aʻe
ascendancy	maualuga
ascendant	oso aʻe
ascending	alu aʻe
ascension	alu aʻe i le lagi
ascent	maualuga
ascertain	mautinoa
ascertained	faamautinoa
ascetic	solo
ash	efuefu
ashamed	maasiasi
ashes	lefulefu
ashtray	ashtray
asinine	asini
ask	fesili
asleeep	NO TRANSLATION
asleep	moe
asp	asp
asparagus	asparagus
aspartame	aspartame
aspect	foliga
aspects	itu
aspen	aspen
asphalt	asphalt
asphyxia	asphyxia
asphyxiation	asphyxiation
aspiration	aspiration
aspire	manaʻo
aspirin	aspirin
aspiring	manaʻo
ass	asini
assail	osofaiga
assailant	osofaʻi
assassin	fasioti tagata
assassinate	fasioti tagata
assassination	fasioti tagata
assault	osofaʻiga
assay	suega
assemblage	faʻapotopotoga
assemble	faʻapotopoto
assembled	potopoto
assembly	faʻapotopotoga
assemblyman	tagata faʻapotopoto
assent	ioe
assert	fai mai
asserting	faʻamaonia
assertion	faʻamaoniga
assertive	faʻamaonia
assess	iloilo
assessment	iloiloga
assessor	faatonu
asset	aseta
assets	aseta
asshole	osofaʻi
assign	tofi
assignee	tagata faʻasalaga
assignment	tofiga
assimilate	osofaʻi
assimilation	osofaʻiga
assist	fesoasoani
assistance	fesoasoani
assistant	fesoasoani
associate	faʻatasi
association	mafutaga
assorted	aufaʻatasia
assortment	atofa
assuage	faʻanoanoa
assume	manatu
assumed	aveina
assuming	manatu
assumption	masalosalo
assurance	mautinoa
assure	mautinoa
assured	mautinoa
assuredly	ioe
asterisk	Asterisk
asteroid	asteroid
asteroids	asteroids
asthma	fulu
asthmatic	asthmatic
astigmatism	astigmatism
astonish	maofa
astonished	ofo
astonishing	maofa
astonishingly	NO TRANSLATION
astonishment	maofa
astound	maofa
astral	astral
astray	sese
astringent	astringent
astrologer	tagata vaʻai
astrology	astrology
astronaut	tagata vaalele
astronomer	tagata suʻesuʻe i le vateatea
astronomical	fetuʻunaʻi
astronomy	astronomy
astute	mataʻutia
asunder	solo
asylum	nofoaga saogalemu
asymmetric	tutusa
asymmetry	tutusa
asymptotic	faʻamalosi
atelier	faleoloa
atheism	le talitonu i le Atua
atheist	lē talitonu i le Atua
atheistic	athelo
atherosclerosis	atherosclerosis
athlete	tagata taaalo
athletic	afeleti
athleticism	afeleti
athletics	afeleti
atlas	atlas
atmosphere	atemosifia
atmospheric	mataʻutia
atoll	atolo
atom	tolu
atomic	atomic
atone	togiola
atonement	togiola
atpeace	toso
atrium	atrium
atrocious	leaga
atrocity	toilalo
atrophy	atrophy
attach	faʻapipiʻi
attached	faapipiʻi
attachment	faʻaopoopoga
attack	osofaʻiga
attacker	osofaia
attacking	osofaia
attain	maua
attainable	mafai ona maua
attainment	ausia
attempt	taumafaiga
attempted	taumafai
attend	auai
attendance	auai
attendant	tautua
attention	gauai
attentionseeker	NO TRANSLATION
attentionseekers	NO TRANSLATION
attentive	mataala
attenuate	tagata auai
attenuated	toesea
attenuation	atinaua
attest	molimau
attestation	tusi faamaonia
attic	togi
attire	laei
attitude	uiga faaalia
attorney	loia
attract	tosina
attraction	tosina
attractive	lalelei
attractiveness	faatosina
attributable	e mafua ai
attribute	uiga
attribution	taui
attrition	togiaso
auburn	auburn
auction	faʻatau
auctioneer	auctioneer
audacious	loto gatasi
audacity	mautinoa
audible	faalogoina
audience	tagata maimoa
audio	leo
audit	suʻeina
audition	suʻega
auditions	suʻega
auditor	suetusi
auditorium	faletele
auditory	suʻega
aught	mea
augment	faateleina
augmentation	faʻaopoopoga
august	Aukuso
aunt	uso o le tina
auntie	uso o le tina
aura	aura
aurora	aurora
auspices	auspices
auspicious	manuia
austere	toso
austerity	austerity
authentic	moni
authenticate	faʻamaoni
authentication	faʻamaoni
authenticity	moni
author	tusitala
authoritative	pule
authority	pule
authorization	faʻatagaga
authorize	faatagaina
authorized	faatagaina
authorship	tusitala
autism	autism
autistic	autistic
auto	auto
autobiographical	autobiographical
autobiography	autobiography
autocorrect	autocorrect
autocratic	autocratic
autograph	autograph
autographed	aveeseina
automated	faʻanatinati
automatic	otometi
automobile	taavale
automotive	taavale afi
autonomy	autonomy
autopilot	autopilot
autopsy	autopsy
autumn	autumn
auxiliary	ausilali
avail	faʻaola
availability	avanoa
available	avanoa
avalanche	avalanche
avarice	avarice
avatar	avatar
avenge	taui
avenger	tagata faʻatau
avenging	taui
avenue	auala
aver	NO TRANSLATION
average	avefeʻau
aversation	NO TRANSLATION
averse	teteʻe
averseness	feeseeseaiga
aversion	avesion
avert	aloese
aviary	aviary
aviation	vaalele
aviator	aviator
avid	naunau
avocado	avoka
avoid	aloese
avoidance	aloese
avoiding	aloese mai
await	faatalitali
awake	ala mai
awaken	fafagu
awakening	fagua
award	taui
awards	taui
aware	iloa
awareness	lauiloa
awe	NO TRANSLATION
awed	mataʻutia
awesome	sekia
awesomeness	faʻavalea
awestruck	faʻanoanoa
awful	leaga
awkward	mataga
awkwardness	faʻanoanoa
awning	faʻailoga
awry	alaga
axe	matau
axial	faʻailoga
axiom	manatu
axiomatic	manatu
axis	tua
axle	toso
ay	f
aye	olaga
azimuth	azimuth
azure	azure
babble	pepe
babbling	faʻailoga
babe	pepe
baboon	fofo
baby	pepe
babysit	pepe
babysitter	tausi tama
baccalaureate	faʻamaonia
baccarat	baccarat
bachelor	paʻu
bachelorette	bachelorette
back	tua
backboard	laupapa
backbone	tua
backdoor	tuafale
backdrop	talaʻaga
backer	tagata tausi
backfire	tua
backgammon	backgammon
background	talaaga
backhand	tua
backhoe	seevae
backoff	solo
backpack	ato faʻafafa
backpacker	atofaʻi tua
backroom	tuatusi
backseat	tuatusi
backside	pito i tua
backtrack	tuatusi
backup	faila
backward	tua
backwardness	tua
backwards	tua i tua
backwater	tua
backwoods	backwoods
backyard	tuafale
bacon	puaa
bacteria	siama
bacterial	siama
bacterium	siama
bad	leaga
badass	papa
badday	NO TRANSLATION
badfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
badge	pine
badger	pine
badhabit	NO TRANSLATION
badly	leaga
badness	leaga
baffle	paʻu
baffled	faʻanoanoa
bag	ato
bagel	sacel
baggage	ato
baggie	tamaʻi
baggy	faʻailoga
bagman	fai taga
bagpipes	ato
bail	tatala i tua
bailiff	leoleo
bait	maunu
bake	tao tao
bakery	fale falaoa
baking	tao tao
bal	NO TRANSLATION
balance	paleni
balanced	paleni
balcony	faapaleni
bald	lauulu
balding	paʻu
baldy	paʻu
bale	fana
balk	paʻu
ball	polo
ballad	talo
ballast	uila
ballerina	sitaili
ballet	toli
ballgame	pologa
ballistic	poloball
ballistics	polo
balloon	paluni
ballot	palota
ballpark	polopark
ballplayer	tagata taʻavale
ballpoint	polo
ballroom	polosolo
ballsy	poloy
balm	pulu
balmy	filemu
balsam	balsam
balsamic	balsamic
bam	pupu
bamboo	bamboo
ban	NO TRANSLATION
banana	faʻi
band	faʻailoga
bandage	fusi
bandanna	NO TRANSLATION
bandit	faomea
bandstand	faʻamau
bandwagon	faʻailoga
bandwidth	faʻamaufaʻailoga
bane	faʻatau
bang	talo
banger	banger
banish	faʻailoa
banished	tuliesea
banishment	tuliesea
banister	failautusi
banjo	talo
bank	faletupe
banker	tagata faletupe
banking	faletupe
bankroll	faletupe
bankrupt	gaumativa
bankruptcy	gaumativa
banner	fuʻa
banquet	taumafataga
banshee	uila
banter	faʻailoga
banzai	NO TRANSLATION
baptism	papatisoga
baptismal	papatisoga
baptize	papatiso
bar	pa
barb	paʻu
barbarian	tagata aganuu
barbaric	feʻai
barbarism	feusuaʻiga
barbecue	keke
barbed	pati
barber	paʻu oti
barbershop	barbershop
barbie doll	barbie pepe taalo
bard	pulu
bare	leai se mea
bareback	leai se totogi
barefoot	leai ni seevae
barely	leai se mea
barf	barf
bargain	fefaʻatauaʻiga
bargaining	fefaatauaiga
barge	vaʻa
baritone	paʻu
barium	barium
bark	paʻu
barkeep	taofi
barks	faʻailoga
barley	karite
barmaid	tamaitai faipule
barman	tamaʻitaʻi
barn	fale manu
barnacle	laulau
barney	nofoa
barnyard	fale manu
barometer	pasese
baron	baron
baroness	paʻu
baroque	baroque
barrack	fale puipui
barracuda	barracuda
barrage	faʻatau
barred	taofi
barrel	fala
barren	vale
barricade	paʻu
barrier	puipui
barring	faʻatau
barrister	loia
barroom	potu faʻatau
barrow	sulu
bartender	faletua
barter	faʻatau
base	faavae
baseball	pesipolo
baseball bat	pesipolo baseball
baseboard	laupapa laupapa
baseless	leai se aoga
baseline	laina faavae
baseman	leai
basement	lalo ifo
bases	faʻavae
bash	bash
bashful	pala
basic	faavae
basics	faavae
basil	Basil
basilica	Basilica
basin	pesini
basis	faavae
bask	vai
basket	ato
basketball	pasiketipolo
bass	bass
bass guitar	guitarita bass
basso	NO TRANSLATION
bassoon	bassoon
bastard	faʻailoga
bastarding	faʻailoga
bastards	tamaʻitaʻi
bastion	bastion
bat	pati
batch	lotoa
batching	lapisi
bate	NO TRANSLATION
bath	taele
bathe	taele
bathhouse	fale taele
bathing	taele
bathrobe	laʻei
bathroom	faletaele
bathtub	taele
bathymetry	taele paʻu
baton	baton
battalion	fitafita
batter	maʻa
battered	faʻamaʻavale
battering	toilalo
battery	maa
battle	taua
battled	tauivi
battlefield	taua
battleground	taua
battlements	taua
battleship	vaatau
batty	papa
bauble	faʻailoga
bawdy	paʻu
bawl	paʻu
bay	faga
bayonet	bayonet
bayou	bayou
bazaar	osofaʻi
bazooka	bazooka
bday	e
be	ia
beach	matafaga
beaches	matafaga
beacon	faʻailo
bead	pulu
beading	taloina
beads	siaki
beady	peʻa
beagle	laʻau
beak	gutu
beaker	beaker
beam	laʻau
beaming	laʻau
bean	pi
beanbag	taga fatu pi
beanie	beanie
bear	uʻu
bearable	mafai ona gafatia
beard	ava
bearded	faʻanoanoa
bearer	tagata e umia
bearing	tauaveina
bearings	uʻu
bearish	bearish
bearskin	faʻanoanoa
beast	manu
beastly	manu feʻai
beat	sasa
beaten	sasaina
beater	sasa
beating	sasaina
beatnik	beatnik
beau	matagofie
beautification	matagofie
beautiful	aulelei
beautify	faamatagofie
beauty	matagofie
beaver	faʻamaonia
bebop	faʻailoga
beck	togi
beckon	talofa
become	avea
bed	moega
bedding	moega
bedpan	moe
bedrock	moe
bedroom	potu moe
bedside	moega
bedspread	Luga lautele
bedtime	moe
bee	pipi
beef	lafumanu
beefsteak	beefsteak
beehive	togapi
beep	ufiufi
beeper	faʻailoa
beer	pia
bees	pi
beeswax	beeswax
beetle	vao
befall	pa'ū
befitting	talafeagai
befriend	faauo
befuddled	faʻanoanoa
beg	aioi
beggar	tagata aisi
begging	aioi
begin	amata
beginner	amataga
beginning	amataga
beginnings	amataga
begrudge	itavale
begun	amata
behappy	NO TRANSLATION
behave	amioga
behavior	amioga
behavioral	amioga
behemoth	gutu
behest	ia
behold	faauta
beholden	vaai
beholder	tagata vaai
beige	beige
belated	fiafia
belay	faʻailoga
belch	paʻu
belief	talitonuga
believable	talitonuina
believe	talitonu
believed	talitonu
believer	talitonu
believing	talitonu
belittle	faʻailoga
belittled	faalumaina
bell	logo
bellboy	fana
bellhop	faʻatau
belligerent	faʻanunununu
bellman	fana
bellow	i le pito i lalo
bellows	tapuni
belly	manava
bellybutton	faʻaipoipo
bellyful	manava
belong	au
belongings	meatotino
beloved	pele
belt	fusi
beluga	selu
bemused	faʻailoga
bench	nofoa
bend	punou
bender	faʻapena
bending	punou
beneath	pito i lalo
benedictory	Tusi a Mamona
benefactor	agalelei
beneficial	aoga
beneficiary	tagata faʻapitoa
benefit	manuia
benevolence	agalelei
benevolent	agalelei
benign	faʻapitoa
bent	punou
benzene	benzene
bequeath	faʻailoga
bequest	togi
bereaved	faʻanoanoa
bereavement	faʻanoanoa
bereft	leai
beret	faʻailoga
bergamot	bergamot
berlin	togi
berserk	berserk
berth	togi
beryllium	beryllium
beseech	aioi
beset	aʻafia
bestdayever	bestdayever
bestfeeling	lalelei
bestfriends	uo mamae
bestial	sili
besties	sili ona lelei
bestow	avatu
bestseller	sili ona lelei
bet	bet
beta	peta
betray	faalata
betrayal	faalataina
betrayed	faalataina
betrothed	faʻaipoipo
betterment	faʻalelei
betting	faʻatau
betty	lelei
bevel	fiafia
beverage	meainu
bevy	fuʻa
beware	faʻaeteete
bewilder	faʻatauvaʻa
bewildered	faʻanoanoa
bewilderment	faʻanoanoa
bias	vaʻaia
biased	faʻasalaga
bib	tusitusiga
bible	Tusi Paia
biblical	tusitusiga paia
bibliography	tusi o tala
bicarbonate	bicarbonate
bicentennial	bicentennial
biceps	biceps
bicker	faʻatau
bickering	fefinauai
bicolor	bicolor
bicycle	uila
bid	faʻailoa
bidder	tagata faʻatau
bidding	faʻatau
bide	NO TRANSLATION
biennial	lua tausaga
bier	NO TRANSLATION
bifurcation	faʻailoga
big	tele
bigamy	loʻu tina
bigday	tele aso
biggestfear	NO TRANSLATION
biggie	biggie
bighorn	lapisi
bigmouth	bigmouth
bigot	tele
bigoted	telefoni
bigotry	matua tele
bike	uila
biker	uila
bikini	bikini
bilateral	Samoa
bilayer	bilayer
bile	talo
bilge	talo
bilingual	lua gagana
bill	pili
billboard	laupepa
billet	faʻasologa
billiard	Billiard
billiards	piliona
billing	piliina
billion	piliona
billionaire	piliona piliona
billy	totogi aitalafu
bimbo	bimbo
bimonthly	lua
bin	pini
binary	binary
bind	nonoa
binder	lili
bindery	fusi
binding	fusifusia
bing	bing
binge	taloina
bingo	bingo
binocular	faʻapitoa
binoculars	uila
binomial	faʻamaoni
bio	meaola
biochemical	vailaʻau
biochemist	biochemist
biochemistry	biochemistry
biogenesis	vailaʻau
biographer	tagata faʻamatala
biography	talafou
biological	meaola
biologist	tagata suʻesuʻe
biology	biology
bionic	bionic
biopsy	biopsy
biosphere	biosphere
bipartite	bipartite
bipolar	palola
birch	birch
bird	manu
birdcage	manufeʻa
birdie	manuie
birdman	manu
birth	fanau mai
birthday	aso fanau
birthing	faʻailoa
birthmark	igoa fanau
birthplace	nofoaga fanau
birthright	tofi
bis	NO TRANSLATION
biscuit	keke
bisexual	bisexual
bishop	Epikopo
bison	bison
bisque	bisque
bistro	bistro
bit	laʻititi
bitch	fasipolo
bitchy	faʻailoga
bite	feinu
biter	NO TRANSLATION
bitsy	bitsy
bitter	tiga
bitterly	tiga
bitterness	tiga
bittersweet	meaʻai
bitty	siamu
bitumen	maʻa
biweekly	talo
biz	biz
bizarre	mea leaga
blab	lau
blabbermouth	laupepa
black	lanu uliuli
black snake	gata uliuli
blackberry	blackberry
blackbird	faʻanoanoa
blackboard	laupapa pipi
blacken	uliuli
blackface	uliuli
blackjack	faʻaipoipo
blacklist	tagata uliuli
blackmail	faʻailoga
blackmailer	blackmailer
blackness	uliuli
blackout	fulafula
blacksmith	fafie
bladder	vevela
blade	lau
blame	tuuaiga
blameless	leai se agasala
bland	faasee
blank	avanoa
blanket	palanikeke
blare	pala
blase	NO TRANSLATION
blasphemous	upu leaga
blasphemy	upu leaga
blast	osofaʻiga
blaster	lau
blastoff	blastoff
blatant	matala
blather	lau
blaze	mumu
blazer	sikola
blazing	mu
bleach	suauʻu
bleak	le fiafia
bleed	toto
bleeder	toto toto
bleeding	toto le toto
bleep	paʻu
blemish	pona
blemished	leaga
blend	faʻafefiloi
blender	suauu
blending	faʻafefiloi
bless	faʻamanuia
blessed	faamanuiaina
blessing	faamanuiaga
blessings	faamanuiaga
bleu	bleu
blight	mala
blighted	leaga
blimp	faʻailoga
blind	tauaso
blinded	faatauaso
blindfold	fusi mata
blindfolded	fusi mata
blinding	tauaso
blindly	tauaso
blindness	tauaso
blink	moli
blip	afaina
bliss	fiafiaga
blissful	fiafia
blister	afaina
blistering	afaina
blitz	puaʻa
blizzard	paʻu
bloat	fuga
bloated	fuga
blob	fuga
block	poloka
blockade	poloka poloka
blockage	fufulu
blockbuster	poloka poloka
blockhead	poloka poloka
blog	blog
bloke	fuga
blond	lanumoana
blonde	lanu enaena
blood	toto
bloodbath	toto
bloodhound	toto
bloodless	leai se toto
bloodline	toto
bloodshed	toto masaa
bloodshot	toto toto
bloodstream	toto
bloodthirsty	toto
bloody	toto
bloom	fuga
bloomers	fuga
blooming	fuga
blossom	fuga
blot	solo
blotched	solo
blotter	fufulu
blouse	fulufulu
blow	fana
blower	feosofi
blowfish	fana
blowing	feosofi
blowjob	fana
blown	sasaina
blowout	paʻu
blowtorch	fana
blubber	paʻu
bluddy	bluddy
blue	lanu moaga
blue spruce	lanu lanumoana
blueberry	lanu
bluebird	bluebird
bluegrass	lanu moana
bluejay	bluejay
blueprint	mamanu
blues	uila
bluff	bluff
bluish	faʻafiafia
blunder	faʻalavelave
blunt	faʻanoanoa
blur	faanatinati
blurred	faʻanoanoa
blurry	faanatinati
blurt	faʻanoanoa
blush	masalomia
blushing	e susulu
boa	NO TRANSLATION
boa constrictor	NO TRANSLATION
boar	veʻa
board	laupapa
board game	taʻaloga a le komiti
boarder	NO TRANSLATION
boarding	ulufale i totonu
boardroom	potu fono
boards	laupapa
boardwalk	ala laupapa
boast	mitamita
boastful	mitamita
boasting	mitamita
boat	vaa
boathouse	fale potopoto
boating	taʻavale
boatload	vaa
boatman	tagata vaʻa
bobbin	fagu
bobcat	bobcat
bobsled	faʻanoanoa
bode	fale
bodega	podega
bodice	tino
bodily	tino
body	tino
bodyguard	leoleo
bog	pog
bogey	vevela
bogeyman	bogeyman
bogus	faʻailoa
bohemian	Bohemia
boil	matala
boiler	suauu
boilerplate	suauu
boiling	kuka
boisterous	osofaʻi
bold	malosi
boldness	lototoa
bollocks	falo
bolster	faʻamalosi
bolt	tui
bolus	bolus
bomb	pomu
bombard	Samoa Logo
bombardier	fanafana
bombardment	osofaʻiga
bombed	pomu
bomber	pamu
bombers	pomu
bombing	pomu
bombshell	faʻalavelave
bonanza	bonanza
bonbon	NO TRANSLATION
bond	faʻamau
bondage	nofo pologa
bonding	fusi
bonds	faʻamau
bondsman	tagata faigaluega
bone	ponaivi
bonehead	ponaivi
boner	popo
bones	ivi
bonfire	fana afi
bong	talo
bonkers	popo
bonne	NO TRANSLATION
bonnet	popo
bonny	fiafia
bonsai	talo
bonus	ponesi
bony	popo
boo	u
boob	boob
booby	i luga
booger	faʻatau
boogeyman	boogeyman
boogie	boogie
book	tusi
bookcase	tusi tusi
bookie	tusi
booking	resitalaina
bookish	tusi tusi
bookkeeper	tausi tusi
bookkeeping	tusi tusi
booklet	tamaitusi
bookmaker	tusi tusi
bookmark	faailoga tusi
books	tusi
bookseller	tusi faatau
bookshop	tusi tusi
bookstore	faletusi
bookworm	tusi tusi
boom	vaʻa
boomer	boomer
boomerang	boomerang
booming	faʻasolosolo
boon	fana
boooo	NO TRANSLATION
boost	faamalosia
booster	faʻamalosi
boot	faʻa
booth	fale
bootleg	bootleg
bootlegger	bootlegger
boots	seevae
booty	vete
booze	feololo
bop	toso
bopper	bopper
border	tuaoi
bordering	tuaoi
borderline	laina tuaoi
bore	fanaua
boreal	faʻailoga
bored	faʻanoanoa
boredom	leai se ita
borer	ufiufi
boring	le manava
born	fanau
boron	fana
borough	taʻavale
borrow	nono
borrower	tagata nono
bosom	fatu
boss	pule
bossy	pule
boston	tafa
botanical	fomaʻi
botanist	tamaʻitaʻi
botany	suauʻu
bother	faʻalavelave
bothering	popole
bottle	fagu
bottleneck	fagu
bottling	faguina
bottom	pito i lalo
bottomless	leai se aoga
botulism	fatuga
boulder	maʻa
bounce	faʻailoga
bouncer	faʻatau
bouncy	faʻailoga
bound	noatia
boundary	tuaoi
boundless	leai se tuaoi
bounds	tuaoi
bountiful	tele
bounty	tupe maua
bouquet	bouquet
bourbon	faletupe
bourgeois	faifeau
bourgeoisie	bourgeoisie
bourse	fefaʻatauaiga
bout	taliga
boutique	taliga
bouttime	taliga
bovine	vine
bow	aufana
bowed	ifo
bowel	manava
bowels	manava
bowl	pesini
bowler	faila
bowling	taʻalo
bowls	ipu
box	pusa
boxcar	pusa
boxer	tagata fai pusa
boxers	tagata faomea
boxing	pusa
boy	tamaitiiti
boycott	toso ese
boyfriend	tama tama
boyhood	tamaitiiti
boyish	tamaitiiti
boysenberry	tamaenberry
bozo	u
bra	fana
brace	faʻamau
bracelet	taulima
braces	taofi
brachial	brachial
bracket	puipui
brackets	puipui
brackish	faʻamaʻavale
brad	brad
brag	mitamita
braid	fefe
brain	faiʻai
brainless	faiʻai leai
brains	mafaufau
brainstorm	manatu paleni
brainwash	faiʻai failele
brainy	faiʻai
brake	toso
bran	lala
branch	paranesi
branching	totoga
brand	faailoga
brandy	talo
brash	faʻailoga
brass	apamemea
brass knuckle	apa apamemea
brassiere	brassiere
brat	uila
bratwurst	faʻataunuʻu
bravado	bravado
brave	toa
bravery	lototoa
brawl	faʻailoga
brawn	faʻamalosi
brazen	faʻamalosi
breach	solia
bread	falaoa
breadth	lautele
break	malologa
breakable	faʻamaʻi
breakaway	faʻailoga
breakdown	malepelepe
breaker	vavae
breakers	malologa
breakfast	aiga o le taeao
breaking and entering	malepe ma ulufale
breakingnews	talepe
breakneck	malepe
breakthrough	faʻalavelave
breakup	talepe ese
breast	susu
breath	manava
breathe	manava
breather	manava
breathless	manava
breathtaking	manaia
breech	selu
breeches	selu
breed	fanau
breeder	faʻatoʻaga
breeding	fafagaina
breeze	savili
breezy	matagi
brethren	Uso e
breve	NO TRANSLATION
brevity	vavave
brew	faʻailoga
brewery	fale faʻatau
brewing	toso
briar	leoleo
bribe	taufaaleaga
bribery	faʻatau tupe
brick	piliki
bridal	faʻaipoipo
bride	tamaʻitaʻi
bridegroom	tane faaipoipo
bridesmaid	teine ​​tamaitai
bridge	alalaupapa
bridle	faila
brief	puupuu
briefcase	ato
briefing	otootoga
briefly	puupuu
brig	brik
brigade	fanaua
bright	susulu
brighten	susulu
brightens	susulu
brighter	malamalama
brightness	susulu
brilliance	malamalama
brilliant	susulu
brim	meaʻai
brimming	faʻafefe
brimstone	teiō
brine	suauu
bring	aumai
brink	fagu
brisk	faʻailoga
brisket	faʻailoga
bristle	bristle
brittle	faasee
bro	bro
broach	sosolo
broad	lautele
broadcast	faasalalauga
broadcasting	faasalalauga
broaden	lautele
broadside	lautele lautele
broadsword	fofo
brocade	laumei
broccoli	broccoli
brochure	polosiua
broil	broil
broke	gau
broken	gau
brokenheart	NO TRANSLATION
brokenhearted	loto momomo
broker	tagata faioloa
brokerage	fale faʻatau
bromide	faʻasala
bronco	bronco
bronze	apamemea
brooch	togi
brood	au
brooding	faʻafefe
brook	vaitafe
broom	salu
broomstick	feʻau
broth	susu
brothel	fale talitane
brother	tuagane
brotherhood	usoga
brotherly	tuagane
brow	muaʻi
brown	lanu enaena
brownstone	brownstone
browse	mataʻitu
brrr	pala
bruise	tuʻimomomo
bruising	tuʻimomomoina
brunch	brunch
brunette	brunette
brunt	brunt
brush	pulumu
brutal	sauā
brutality	saua
brute	faʻanoanoa
brutish	leaga
bubble	afifi
bubbling	fafagu
bubbly	fofola
bubonic	faʻailoa
buck	faʻailoa
buckaroo	faila
bucket	pakete
buckle	lapoʻa
buckled	faʻailoa
bucko	taofi
buckshot	oso
buckwheat	buckwheat
bud	toso
buddha	buddha
buddhism	talitonuga faa Buddhism
buddhist	tamaʻitaʻi
budding	fuga
buddy	uo
budge	sosoʻo
budget	paketi
buff	faʻailoga
buffalo	pafalo
buffer	taofi
buffering	faʻamalosi
buffet	taʻavale
buffoon	faʻamau
bug	pusa
bugaboo	faʻasologa
bugged	faʻatau
bugger	uila
buggy	taavale solofanua
bugle	oso
bugler	faʻatau
build	fausia
builder	faufale
building	fale
buildings	fale
buildup	fausia mai
bulb	pulu
bulbous	bulbous
bulge	pulu
bulimic	pulu
bulk	tele
bulkhead	tumutumu
bulky	mapu
bull	povi
bulldog	bulldog
bulldozer	bulldozer
bullet	pulufana
bulletin	faila
bulletproof	faʻamalolo
bullfighter	faʻamalosi
bullfrog	lafu
bullheaded	faimalaga
bullhorn	povi
bullion	bullion
bullock	povi
bullpen	faʻamalosi
bullshit	lapoʻa
bully	osovale
bulwark	pulu
bum	au
bumblebee	bumblebee
bummed	faʻamalolo
bummer	suauu
bump	osofaʻi
bumper	faʻamalosi
bumpy	lapisi
bun	NO TRANSLATION
bunch	fusi
bundle	afifi
bungalow	fale faʻapitoa
bungee	afu
bunghole	fana
bunion	sulu
bunk	moega
bunker	suauu
bunkhouse	fale teu
bunny	lanu
bunt	teine
buoy	taʻavale
buoyancy	faʻatau tupe
buoyant	faʻatau
bur	sala
burden	avega
burdened	mamafa mamafa
burdensome	mamafa
bureau	ofisa
bureaucracy	faigamalo
bureaucrat	faipule
bureaucratic	faiga faʻapitoa
burger	faʻailoga
burglar	tagata faomea
burglary	felaʻuaʻiga
burial	falelauasiga
buried	tanumia
burke	sosolo
burlap	fagota
burlesque	avega
burly	faʻanoanoa
burn	mu
burned	mu
burner	suauu
burning	mu
burnished	faʻamafanafanaina
burnout	mumu
burnt	mu
burp	afaina
burr	uʻu
burrito	burrito
burro	NO TRANSLATION
burrow	afu
bursary	vaʻaia
burst	faʻanoanoa
bury	tanumia
bus	pasi
busboy	fanafana
bush	vao
bushel	pasi
bushy	solo
business	pisinisi
business man	NO TRANSLATION
businessman	tagata fai pisinisi
businesswoman	tamaʻitaʻi pisinisi
busload	pasi
buss	au
bust	manogi
busted	pasi
buster	pasi
bustle	osofaʻi
bustling	vevesi
busy	pisi
busybody	pisi
butane	ae
butcher	faʻatau
butler	tautai
butt	ae
butter	pata
buttercup	patapupo
butterfly	pepe
buttermilk	pata pata
butterscotch	faʻapitoa
buttery	toso
buttock	faʻatau
buttocks	faʻatau
button	button
buttress	toso
buxom	faʻatau
buy	faʻatau
buyer	tagata faʻatau
buying	faʻatau
buzz	uʻamea
buzzard	lapoʻa
buzzed	faʻanoanoa
buzzer	faʻatau
buzzing	faʻanoanoa
bye	fa
bygone	bygone
bylaw	tulafono
byline	tafatafa
bypass	pasi
bystander	e tu
byte	togi
byzantine	tolistana
cab	taavale
cabal	taʻavale
cabana	cabana
cabaret	cabaret
cabbage	kapisi
cabbie	cabbie
cabernet	cabernet
cabin	fale
cabinet	cabinet
cable	uaea
caboodle	caboodle
caboose	caboose
cabriolet	cabriolet
cache	natia
cacophony	faʻataʻitaʻi
cactus	cactus
cad	cad
cadaver	tagata faʻatau
caddie	NO TRANSLATION
caddy	tama
cadence	cadence
cadet	cadet
cafe	cafe
cafeteria	cafeteria
caffeine	caffeine
cage	fale puipui
cagey	paʻu
cahoots	'au
cairn	vaʻai
cake	keke
cakewalk	kekewalk
calamari	mala
calamitous	faʻalavelave
calamity	mala
calcareous	tausi maʻi
calcium	calcium
calculate	fuafua
calculated	fuafua
calculating	fuafua
calculation	faʻatusatusaga
calculator	calculator
calculus	fua faʻatatau
calendar	kalena
calender	NO TRANSLATION
calf	tamaʻi povi
caliber	faʻatau
calibrate	faʻasologa
calico	calico
calipers	kiliva
calisthenics	faʻaoga
call	valaau
callback	toe foʻi
caller	faila
calligraphy	telefoni
calling	valaau
callous	le faʻaleagaina
calls	valaau
calm	toʻafilemu
calming	filemu
calmness	toafilemu
caloric	caloric
calorie	kalori
calorimeter	calorimeter
cam	cam
camaraderie	faʻatautaia
camber	sulu
camcorder	camcorder
camel	kamela
cameo	sau
camera	ataata
cameraman	tagata fai ataata
camisole	camisole
camouflage	faʻailoga
camouflaged	NO TRANSLATION
camp	tolauapiga
campaign	osofaʻiga
campaigner	tolauapi
campaigning	osofaia
camper	tagata tolauapi
campfire	afi tolauapi
camping	tolauapiga
campsite	tolauapiga
campus	tolauapiga
can	mafai
can opener	mafai ona tatalaina
canal	taivai
canary	canary
cancel	faalēaogā
canceling	faalēaogāina
cancellation	faalēaogāina
cancer	kanesa
candid	saʻo
candidacy	pule
candidate	sui
candied	lole
candle	moligao
candlelight	moligao
candles	moligao
candlestick	moligao
candor	moligao
candy	lole
cane	tootoo
canine	taifau
canister	vailaau
canker	faʻanoanoa
cannabis	cannabis
canned	otaota
cannibal	Kanani
cannibalism	agavaʻa
canning	tosoina
cannon	cannon
cannonball	cannonball
canoe	paopao
canon	taʻavale
canonical	faʻavae
canons	canons
canopy	tootoo
cantaloupe	tupe faʻaalu
cantbreathe	NO TRANSLATION
canteen	faletusi
canterbury	canterbury
canthandleit	NO TRANSLATION
cantilever	faʻailoga
cantina	taulaʻi
canto	NO TRANSLATION
canton	canton
cantstandit	NO TRANSLATION
cantwin	cantwin
canvas	tapoleni
canvass	NO TRANSLATION
canyon	vanu
cap	ufi
capability	mafai gafatia
capable	mafai
capacity	gafatia
cape	pulou
caper	leoleo
capillary	capillary
capital	tupe faavae
capitalism	mataʻitupe
capitalist	tagata nofo aitalafu
capitalize	sili atu
capitals	ulutala
capitation	faʻafeiloaʻiga
capitol	capitol
capitulation	faʻaupuga
cappuccino	Cappuccino
caprice	caprice
capricious	faʻamalosi
caps	pulou
capslock	puipui
capsule	capsule
captain	kapeteni
caption	faʻamatalaga
captivate	fiafia
captivating	fiafia
captive	ave faapagota
captivity	tafeaga
captor	faipule
capture	puʻeina
car	taavale
caramel	caramel
carat	carat
caravan	faletalimalo
carbon	carbon
carburetor	carburetor
carcass	tino oti
carcinoma	carcinoma
card	kata
cardboard	pepa pepa
cardiac	fatuga
cardigan	cardigan
cardinal	taua
cardiologist	cardiologist
cardiology	cardiology
cardiomyopathy	cardiomyopathy
cards	kata
care	tausiga
career	matata
carefree	leai se popole
careful	faʻaeteete
carefully	faʻaeteete
careless	le faʻaeteete
carelessness	le faʻaletonu
caress	caress
caret	caret
caretaker	tausi fale
cargo	uta
caribou	caribou
caricature	caricature
caries	caries
caring	popole
carjack	carjack
carnage	tagata oti
carnal	faaletino
carnation	faʻailoga
carnival	tino ola
carnivorous	malie
carol	pese
carols	pese
carousel	carousel
carp	Carp
carpal	Carpal
carpenter	kamuta
carpentry	kamuta
carpet	kapeta
carpeting	lapisi
carpool	uila
carriage	taavale solofanua
carried	aveina
carrier	uila
carrot	karuti
carry	ave
carrying	aveina
carsick	taavale
cart	kata
carte	NO TRANSLATION
cartel	faletalimalo
carter	uta
cartilage	cartilage
cartographic	mataʻitusi
cartography	pepa faʻasolosolo
carton	kata
cartoon	kata
cartouche	NO TRANSLATION
cartridge	kesi
carve	ata
carver	tagata vane
carving	vaneina
cascade	osofaʻi
case	mataupu
casein	casein
cash	tinoitupe
cashier	faletupe
cashmere	cashmere
casing	faletupe
casino	kasino
cask	kesi
casket	kesi
casserole	siaki
cassette	kaseti
cast	lafo
castaway	otaota
caste	caste
caster	faila
castle	fale
castor	leoleo
castrate	castrate
castration	castration
casual	masani
casually	faʻanoanoa
casualty	faʻanoanoa
cat	pusi
catabolism	catabolism
catalog	faʻamaumauga
catalogue	faʻamaumauga
catalysis	faʻataʻitaʻiga
catalyst	gaioiga
catalytic	gaioiga
catamaran	catamaran
catapult	catapult
cataract	cataract
catastrophe	faʻalavelave
catastrophic	faʻalavelave
catatonic	Katetana
catch	puʻe
catcher	faʻailoa
catching	maua
catchphrase	puʻepuʻe
catchy	puʻe
catechism	catechism
categorical	faʻapitoa
category	vasega
cater	maua
caterer	tagata faʻatau
caterpillar	anufe
cates	fanua
catfish	iʻa
cathartic	fomaʻi
cathedral	falesa
catheter	kesi
catholic	catholic
cathouse	fale faʻatau
catnip	catnip
cattle	povi
catwalk	catwalk
caucus	faipule
caudal	faʻavalea
cauldron	faletalimalo
cauliflower	failaʻau
caulk	caulk
causal	mafuaʻaga
causality	mafuaʻaga
causation	mafuaʻaga
cause	mafua
caused	mafua ai
causeway	alatele
caution	lapataiga
cautionary	lapataiga
cautious	faʻaeteete
cautiously	ma le faaeteete
cavalier	fitafita
cavalry	solofanua
cave	ana
caveat	faʻamaumauga
caveman	tagata faʻatau
cavern	ana
cavernous	cavernous
caviar	caviar
caving	toso
cavity	tootoo
cayenne	uila
cease	taofi
ceasefire	taofi le taofi
ceaseless	leai se mea
cedar	arasi
cede	lauiloa
ceiling	laulau
celebrant	tagata fiafia
celebrate	faamanatu
celebrated	faamanatuina
celebrating	faamanatu
celebration	faamanatu
celebrations	aso faamanatu
celebratory	faamanatu
celebrity	tagata lauiloa
celery	seleli
celestial	selesitila
celibacy	faʻasalaga
celibate	feliuli
cell	cell
cellar	pulou
cellblock	siaki
cellist	fomaʻi
cellmate	tagata faigaluega cell
cello	cello
cellophane	cellophane
cellular	telefoni
cellulite	cellulite
celluloid	celluloid
cement	sima
cemented	sima
cemetery	fanuatanu
censor	uila
censorship	faʻasalaga
censure	faʻasalaga
census	tusiga igoa
cent	cent
centenary	centenary
centennial	centennial
center	totonugalemu
centerfold	nofoaga autu
centerpiece	totonugalemu
centimeter	centimita
centipede	centipede
central	totonugalemu
centrality	totonugalemu
centralization	nofoaga autu
centralize	faʻatasi
centrally	totonugalemu
centrifugal	sosoʻo
centrifuge	centrifuge
centurion	taʻitaʻiʻau
century	seneturi
ceramic	sima
ceramics	ata
cereal	cereal
cereals	sefe
cerebral	cerebral
ceremonial	sauniga faʻapitoa
ceremony	sauniga
certain	mautinoa
certainty	mautinoa
certifiable	faʻamaonia
certificate	tusi faamaonia
certified	faʻamaonia
certify	faʻamaonia
cervical	falemaʻi
cervix	uo
cess	leai
cessation	faʻailoga
cesspool	faʻasalaga
cha cha	NO TRANSLATION
chaff	otaota
chafing	fafing
chagrin	chagrin
chagrined	faʻatalofa
chai	chai
chain	filifili
chainsaw	filifili
chair	nofoa
chairman	taʻitaʻifono
chairperson	taitaifono
chairwoman	faipule
chaise	nofoa
chalet	fale
chalice	taʻavale
chalk	penisina
challenge	luʻi
challenger	luʻitau
chamber	potu
chambermaid	teine
chambers	potu
chameleon	teine
champ	sulu
champagne	Champagne
champion	siamupini
championship	siamupini
chance	avanoa
chancellor	pule
chandelier	uila
chandler	uila
change	suiga
changeable	sui
changed	suia
changer	sui
changing	suiga
channel	laina
chant	pese
chaos	vevesi
chaotic	le mautonu
chap	mata
chapel	falesa
chaperon	chaperon
chaplain	failautusi
chapman	faipule
chaps	avanoa
chapter	mataupu
char	fa
character	amio
characteristic	uiga
characterize	faʻamaonia
charade	taufaaleaga
charcoal	malala
chardonnay	chardonnay
charge	totogi
chargeable	totogi
charger	totogi
chariot	kariota
charisma	taʻitaʻia
charismatic	taʻutaʻua
charitable	agaalofa
charity	alofa moni
charlatan	charlatan
charm	matagofie
charmed	faamemelo
charmer	faamemelo
charming	matagofie
charred	alofagia
chart	siata
charter	faʻailoga
chartered	faʻamaonia
chase	tuli
chased	tuliesea
chaser	faʻatau
chasm	leai se mea
chassis	chassis
chaste	nofo mama
chastened	aoai
chastisement	aoaiga
chastity	legavia
chat	talatalanoa
chateau	talanoaga
chatter	talatalanoa
chatterbox	talatalanoa
chattering	talatalanoaga
chatty	talatalanoa
chauffeur	avetaavale
chauvinist	chauvinist
cheap	taugofie
cheapened	taugofie
cheapskate	cheapskate
cheat	kopi
cheater	taufaasese
check	siaki
checkbook	siaki tusi
checker	siaki
checkered	meaʻai
checkers	siaki
checklist	siaki siaki
checkmate	siaki
checkout	siaki atu
checkpoint	siaki
checkup	siaki
cheek	alafau
cheeks	alafau
cheeky	le manaia
cheep	faʻafefe
cheer	fiafia
cheered	fiafia
cheerful	fiafia
cheerfulness	fiafia
cheering	faʻamafanafana
cheerleader	tagata faʻafiafia
cheerleading	fiafia fiafia
cheerless	le fiafia
cheers	manuia
cheery	fiafia
cheese	sisi
cheeseburger	cheeseburger
cheesecake	cheesecake
cheesy	cheesy
cheetah	cheetah
chef	tagata kuka
chemical	vailaau
chemise	NO TRANSLATION
chemist	fomaʻi
chemistry	kemisi
chemo	chemo
chemotherapy	chemotherapy
cheque	siaki
cherish	faapelepele
cherishing	pele
cherry	siaki
cherub	kerupi
chess	siaki
chest	pusa
chestnut	chestnut
chevron	chevron
chew	faʻatau
chewy	chewy
chic	chic
chicane	chicane
chick	moa
chicken	moa
chicken pox	ma'i tanesusu
chickenpox	ma'i tanesusu
chief	aliʻi sili
chiefly	sili
chieftain	aliʻi sili
chiffon	solo
child	tamaitiiti
childbirth	fananau mai
childhood	tamaitiiti
childish	tamaitiiti
childless	leai se fanau
childlike	tamaitiiti
childloss	NO TRANSLATION
children	tamaiti
chili	chili
chill	toso
chilled	faʻafiafia
chilling	taufaalili
chilly	malie
chime	chime
chimera	chimera
chimes	chimes
chimney	talo
chimp	chimp
chimpanzee	chimpanzee
chin	auvae
china	china
chinchilla	chinchilla
chine	NO TRANSLATION
chinook	chinook
chip	puʻe
chipmunk	fhipmunk
chipper	chipper
chipping	ula
chiropractor	chiropractor
chirp	tagi
chirping	tagi
chisel	solo
chiseler	faʻailoa
chit	chit
chitchat	chitchat
chivalry	chivalry
chloride	chloride
chlorine	chlorine
chloroform	chloroform
chocolate	sukalati
choice	filifiliga
choir	aufaipese
choke	kiliva
cholera	cholera
cholesterol	cholesterol
choose	filifili
choosing	filifilia
choosy	filifili
chop	tatipi
chopper	tagata faʻatau
choppers	tagata faʻatau
chopping	tataina
chops	fasi
choral	aufaipese
chord	feʻau
chords	fati
chore	feau
choreographer	failautusi
choreography	choreography
chorus	tali
chosen	filifilia
chow	au
chowder	aufaipese
christ	Keriso
christen	NO TRANSLATION
christening	papatiso
christian	Kerisiano
christmas	Kerisimasi
christmasbreak	NO TRANSLATION
christmaseve	NO TRANSLATION
christmasspirit	NO TRANSLATION
christmassy	christmassy
christmastime	Kerisimasi
chromatic	chromatic
chromatography	chromatography
chrome	chrome
chromium	chromium
chromosome	chromosome
chronic	masani
chronicle	tusi
chronograph	faʻasologa o taimi
chronological	faasologa taimi
chubby	tamaʻi
chuck	kalu
chuckle	selu
chug	talo
chum	chum
chummy	au
chump	solo
chunk	pusa
chunky	chunky
church	falesa
churchyard	falesa
churn	talo
chute	pa'ū
chutney	chutney
ciao	ciao
cider	cider
cigar	sika
cigarette	sikaleti
cilantro	cilantro
cinch	au
cinder	uila
cinema	fale tifaga
cinematic	falemaʻi
cinematographer	tusiata ata
cinematography	ata vitio
cinnamon	ulani
cipher	faʻapipiʻi
circle	liʻo
circling	faataamilomilo
circuit	matagaluega
circuitry	matagaluega
circular	faʻailoga
circulate	felafolafoaʻi
circulation	taʻavale
circulatory	faʻasalaga
circumcision	peritomeina
circumference	taamilosaga
circumferential	taʻavale
circumscribed	faatapulaaina
circumstance	tulaga
circumstances	tulaga
circumstantial	faʻasalaga
circumvent	faʻasolosolo
circumvention	feeseeseaiga
circus	circus
cirque	lapisi
cirrhosis	cirrhosis
cirrus	cirrus
cistern	vaieli
citadel	maota
citation	faʻailoga
cite	faʻailoa
citizen	tagatanuu
citizenship	tagatanuu
citrine	citrine
citrus	citrus
city	aai
citywide	aai atoa
civic	tagata
civics	tagata lautele
civil	tagata lautele
civilian	tagata lautele
civilians	tagata lautele
civility	amiolelei
civilization	tagata
civilized	malamalama
clad	pipiʻi
claim	tagi
claimant	tagata talosaga
clairvoyant	manino
clam	papa
clambake	lipine
clammy	pipiʻi
clamor	leotele
clamp	patipati
clan	aiga
clandestine	taufaaleaga
clang	patip
clap	patipati
clapper	patipati
clapping	patipati
clarification	faʻamalamalamaga
clarify	faamanino
clarinet	clarinet
clarion	manino
clarity	manino
clash	feteenaʻiga
clashing	feteʻenaʻi
clasp	pupuni
class	vasega
classic	mataʻutia
classic rock	papa mataʻutia
classical	masani
classics	vasega
classification	faʻavasegaga
classified	faʻavasegaina
classify	faʻavasega
classmate	tagata o le vasega
classroom	potuaoga
classy	vasega
clatter	patipati
clause	fuaiupu
clauses	fuaiupu
claustrophobia	claustrophobia
claustrophobic	claustrophobic
clavicle	faʻamatalaga
claw	pupuʻu
claws	toso
clay	omea
clean	mama
cleaner	mama
cleaning	faamama
cleanliness	mama
cleanly	mama
cleanse	faamama
cleanser	faamama
cleansing	faamamaina
cleanup	faamama
clear	manino
clearance	faʻatagaina
clearing	faʻamalo
clearness	manino
cleat	faila
cleavage	faʻasologa
cleave	pipii
cleaver	NO TRANSLATION
clef	faila
cleft	fusi
clemency	faʻamalosi
clench	fufulu
clergy	faifeʻau
clergyman	faifeʻau
cleric	failautusi
clerical	failautusi
clerk	failautusi
clerkship	failautusi
clever	atamai
cleverness	atamai
click	kiliki
clicker	kiliki
client	tagata faʻatau
clientele	tagata o tausia
cliff	fala
climate	tau
climatology	climatology
climax	pito sili
climb	feʻaʻei
climber	feʻaʻei
clinch	falemaʻi
cling	pipii
clingy	pipiʻi
clinic	falemaʻi
clinical	falemaʻi
clink	goto
clip	faila
clipboard	laupepa
clipper	toso
clipping	kili
clique	NO TRANSLATION
clitoris	clitoris
cloak	ofu talaloa
cloaking	laei
cloakroom	potu faʻaofuofu
clobber	ufiufi
clock	uati
clockwork	uati
clod	ufiufi
clog	pulu
cloister	leoleo
clone	ufiufi
cloning	faʻamalo
close	latalata
closed	tapunia
closeness	latalata
closet	kapoti
closure	tapunia
clot	tai
cloth	ie
clothe	faaofu
clothes	lavalava
clothesline	laei
clothing	lavalava
cloud	ao
clouded	faanenefu
cloudiness	aoauli
clouds	ao
cloudy	puaoa
clout	ufiufi
clove	lapisi
clover	ufiufi
cloves	cloves
clown	sulu
clowns	lūlū
club	kalapu
clubhouse	kalapu
clubs	kalapu
cluck	uila
clue	faʻamatalaga
clueless	leai se mea
clump	fusi
clumsy	valea
clunk	paʻu
cluster	fuifui
clutch	pipiʻi
clutches	pipiʻi
clutter	paʻu
coach	faiaoga
coachman	faiaoga
coagulation	faʻasologa
coal	koala
coalesce	aʻoga
coalition	faʻatasi
coarse	faʻamalosi
coast	talafatai
coastal	talafatai
coaster	faʻailoga
coastline	talafatai
coat	peleue
coating	ufiufi
coax	faiaoga
cobalt	palu
cobble	faʻamau
cobbler	suauu
cobra	pusi
cocaine	cocaine
cock	cock
cockamamie	moli
cockeyed	pipiʻi
cockpit	pusa vaalele
cockroach	meaʻai
cocksucker	cockupcker
cocktail	cocktail
cocky	faʻailoga
cocoa	koko
coconut	popo
cocoon	pulu
cod	cod
code	code
codeine	codeine
codex	codex
codfish	iʻa
codification	faʻamalamalamaga
codify	faʻamalamalamaina
coding	faʻasologa
coed	faʻamalosi
coefficient	faʻatasi
coerce	siaki
coercion	faʻamalosi
coercive	faʻamalosi
coexist	nonofo faatasi
coexistence	nonofo faatasi
coexisting	nonofo faatasi
coffee	kofe
coffee table	kofe laulau
coffeehouse	kofe
coffeepot	siaki
coffin	pusa
cog	cog
cogent	tagata faʻapitoa
cognac	pulu
cognate	siaki
cognition	cognition
cognitive	mafaufauga
cohabitation	nofo faʻatasi
coherence	fegalegaleaiga
coherent	talafeagai
cohesion	felagolagomaʻi
cohesive	felagolagomaʻi
cohort	faʻatasi
coil	suauu
coiled	ufiufi
coin	tupe siliva
coinage	siakiina
coincide	faʻatasi
coincidence	faanatinati
coincident	faʻatasi
coincidental	faʻatasi
coinciding	faʻatasi
coke	coke
cola	cola
cold	malulu
coldly	malulu
coldness	malulu
coldsweat	NO TRANSLATION
coleslaw	faʻamalosi
colic	colic
coliseum	kolisi
collaborate	galulue faʻatasi
collaboration	fegalegaleaiga
collaborator	tagata faigaluega
collage	afaina
collagen	collagen
collapse	pa'ū
collar	koluma
collarbone	koluma
collate	faʻatau
collateral	faamalumaluga
collation	collation
colleague	paaga
collect	aoina
collected	aoina
collection	aoina
collective	faʻatasi
collectively	faʻatasi
collector	tagata aoina
college	kolisi
collegiate	kolisi
collide	feosofi
collie	faʻafefe
collision	osofaiga
collocation	faʻasalaga
colloquial	faʻailoga
collusion	fefinauaiga
cologne	cologne
colon	kolone
colonel	colonel
colonial	colonial
colonic	colonic
colonoscopy	colonoscopy
colony	kolone
colophon	siaki
color	lanu
coloration	lanu
colored	lanu
colorful	lanu
coloring	valivali
colorless	le lanu
colors	lanu
colossal	lanu
colt	tama
columbine	columbine
column	koluma
columnar	columnar
columnist	failautusi
com	NO TRANSLATION
coma	coma
comatose	faʻapitoa
comb	selu
combat	taua
combatant	taua
combative	sosoʻo
combination	tuufaatasiga
combinatorial	au pulega
combine	aufaatasi
combined	tuufaatasia
combo	faʻatasi
combustible	faʻamaʻavale
combustion	mafanafana
come	sau
comeback	toe sau
comedian	tagata pese
comedy	fomaʻi
comet	au
comfort	faamafanafanaga
comfortable	lelei
comforter	faʻamafanafana
comforting	faamafanafana
comfy	aulelei
comic	pese
comical	fiafia
comics	pese
coming	sau
comma	mimita
command	poloaiga
commandant	taʻitaʻi
commandeer	pule
commander	taʻitaʻi
commanding	pule
commandment	poloaiga
commando	puleo
commemorate	faamanatu
commemoration	faamanatu
commemorative	faamanatu
commence	amata
commend	viia
commendable	faʻafetai
commendation	faamalo
commensurate	talafeagai
comment	manatu
commentary	faʻamatalaga
commentator	faʻamatalaga
commerce	pisinisi
commercial	pisinisi
commie	au
commissary	Komesina
commission	komisi
commissioner	komesina
commit	tautino
commitment	tautinoga
committal	tautinoga
committed	tuuto
committee	komiti
commodity	oloa
commodore	faʻatau
common	masani
commoner	tagata lautele
commonly	masani
commonplace	nofoaga masani
commons	feʻau
commonwealth	malo
commotion	vavao
communal	fesoʻotaʻiga
commune	faʻasalalau
communicable	fesoʻotaʻi
communicate	fesootaiga
communication	fesootaiga
communicative	fesoʻotaiga
communicator	tagata fesootai
communion	fesoʻotaʻiga
communism	Fesoʻotaʻiga
communist	fomaʻi
community	nuu
commutation	fesuiaiga
commutative	faʻamalosi
commute	alu ese
commuter	telefoni
comp	comp
compact	compact
compaction	faʻatusatusaga
compactness	faʻatusatusa
companion	soa
companionless	leai se soa
companionship	mafutaga
company	kamupani
comparable	faʻatusatusa
comparative	faʻatusatusaga
comparatively	faʻatusatusa
compare	faatusatusa
comparison	faʻatusatusaga
compartment	vaega
compass	tapasa
compassion	agaalofa
compassionate	agaalofa
compatibility	fetaui
compatible	fetaui
compel	faamalosia
compelled	faamalosia
compelling	faamalosia
compendium	togi
compensate	taui
compensation	taui
compensatory	taui
compete	tauva
competence	tomai
competency	agavaa
competent	agavaa
competition	tauvaga
competitive	tauvaga
competitor	tagata tauva
compilation	tuufaatasiga
compile	tuufaatasia
complacency	faitio
complacent	loto malie
complain	faitio
complaint	tagi
complement	faʻapitoa
complementary	felagolagomai
complete	maeʻa
completed	maeʻa
completely	atoatoa
completeness	atoa
completing	faʻauma
completion	maeʻa
complex	faʻalavelave
complexed	faʻalavelave
complexion	tele
complexity	faigata
compliance	tausisia
compliant	tausisia
complicate	faʻalavelave
complicated	faigata
complication	faʻalavelave
complicity	agavaʻa
compliment	NO TRANSLATION
complimentary	faʻafetai
comply	tausisia
complying	tausisia
compo	compo
component	vaega
compose	tusi
composed	tusia
composer	tusitala
composite	fatuga
composition	tuufaatasiga
compost	compost
composure	lagona lelei
compound	Faʻalapotopotoga
comprehend	malamalama
comprehension	malamalama
comprehensive	lautele
compress	toso
compressed	faʻamalosi
compressible	faʻamalosi
compression	faʻamalosi
compressor	compressor
comprise	aofia ai
compromise	maliega fetuunaʻi
comptroller	tagata faʻasino
compulsion	faamalosia
compulsive	faʻamalosi
compulsory	faamalosia
computable	faʻatautaia
computation	faʻatusatusaga
compute	faʻatau
computer	komepiuta
computerized	komepiuta
computing	faʻatautaia
comrade	uo
con	NO TRANSLATION
concatenation	faʻasalaga
concave	faʻamalosi
conceal	natia
concealed	natia
concealment	natia
concede	malie
conceit	mafaufau
conceited	lotovale
conceivable	mafaufauina
conceive	mafaufau
concentrate	taulaʻi
concentration	taulaʻi
concentric	concentric
concept	manatu
conception	mafaufau
concern	popolega
concerned	popole
concert	konaseti
concerto	concerto
concession	faʻasalaga
concessional	tului
conch	conch
concierge	aufaʻatasi
conciliation	faaleleiga
concise	otooto
conclave	conclave
conclude	faaiʻu
concluding	faaiu
conclusion	faaiuga
conclusive	faʻamaoni
concoction	faʻasologa
concomitant	faʻatasi
concord	faʻatasi
concordance	faʻatusatusaga
concours	NO TRANSLATION
concourse	faʻatasi
concrete	sima
concubine	palake
concur	ioe
concurrence	faʻatasi
concurrent	tutusa
concurring	faʻatasi
concussion	faʻasalaga
condemn	tausalaina
condemnation	taʻusalaga
condensation	tupe faʻaalu
condensed	faanenefu
condescending	faʻamaulalo
condescension	faamaualalo
condiment	faʻamaonia
condition	tulaga
conditional	tuutuuga
conditionally	faʻalagolago
conditioned	tuʻutuʻu
conditioner	fomaʻi
conditioning	tuutuuga
conditions	tuutuuga
condo	fale faʻapitoa
condolence	faamafanafanaga
condolences	faamafanafanaga
condom	condom
condone	faʻamaonia
condor	condor
conducive	faʻamalosi
conduct	amio
conduction	faʻatasi
conductivity	amio pulea
conductor	taʻitaʻi
conduit	uafu
cone	kiona
confederacy	feteenaʻi
confederate	faʻatasi
confederation	faʻatasi
confer	faaee atu
conference	konafesi
confess	taʻutaʻu
confession	taʻutaʻu atu
confessional	taʻutaʻu atu
confessions	taʻutaʻu atu
confetti	confetti
confidant	taʻutaʻua
confide	faʻamaonia
confidence	talitonu
confident	mautinoa
confidential	agatapuia
confidentiality	agatapuia
confidentially	NO TRANSLATION
configuration	faatulagaga
confine	taofi
confined	faʻamaonia
confinement	faʻamalosi
confines	faʻasologa
confirm	faʻamaonia
confirmation	faamauga
confirmatory	faʻamaonia
confirmed	faʻamaonia
confiscate	faoa faamalosi
confiscation	faoa faamalosi
conflagration	fenumiai
conflict	feteenaiga
conflicting	feteenai
confluence	fesoʻotaʻiga
conform	tausisia
conformance	tausisia
conformation	NO TRANSLATION
conformity	tausisia
confound	fenumiai
confounded	fenumiai
confront	fetaiai
confrontation	fefinauaiga
confuse	fenumiai
confused	le mautonu
confusing	le mautonu
confusion	fenumiai
conga	conga
congenial	fetaui
congenital	faʻapitoa
congestion	faʻasologa
conglomerate	faʻataʻitaʻiga
conglomeration	faʻasalalauga
congrats	faʻafetai
congratulate	faʻafetai
congratulation	faamalo
congratulations	faʻafetai
congratulatory	faamalo
congregate	faʻapotopoto
congregation	faʻapotopotoga
congress	fono
congressional	malo
congressman	faipule
congruence	faʻamafanafanaga
conic	conic
conical	faʻamatalaga
conjecture	mafaufauga
conjugal	faʻatasi
conjugate	faʻatasi
conjugation	faʻasalaga
conjunction	faʻatasi
conjunctive	conjunctive
conjure	faʻamaoni
conjuring	faʻamafanafana
conk	faʻatasi
connect	fesoʻotaʻi
connected	fesoʻotaʻi
connection	fesoʻotaʻiga
connective	fesoʻotaʻi
connoisseur	faʻasalalauga
conquer	manumalo
conquering	manumalo
conqueror	manumalo
conquest	faatoilaloina
conscience	lotofuatiaifo
conscientious	mataala
conscious	mataala
consciousness	mafaufau
conscription	faʻamaumauga
consecrated	faapaiaina
consecration	faapaiaga
consecutive	sosoo
consensual	maliega
consensus	maliega
consent	maliega
consenting	malie
consequence	taunuuga
consequent	mulimuli ane
conservation	faasao
conservatism	Conservatism
conservative	faʻamalosi
conservatory	faʻamanatuga
conserve	faʻasao
consider	mafaufau
considerable	tele
considerate	mafaufau loloto
consideration	iloiloga
consignee	tagata faʻatau
consignment	lafoina
consist	aofia ai
consistency	tutusa
consistent	tutusa
consolation	faʻamafanafanaga
console	faamafanafana
consoled	faamafanafanaina
consolidate	faʻamalosia
consolidated	faʻamalosia
consolidation	faʻamalosia
consonant	faʻamaonia
consort	faʻatau
conspicuous	iloga
conspiracy	fouvalega
conspirator	fouvale
conspire	faufau
constable	leoleo
constancy	tumau
constant	tumau
constantly	i taimi uma
constellation	faaputuga
consternation	popolega
constipation	malosi
constituency	itumalo
constituent	tagata fausiaina
constituents	fale
constitute	faʻavae
constitution	Faavae
constitutional	tulafono faʻavae
constitutionality	tulafono faʻavae
constrain	faamalosia
constrained	faʻagata
constraint	faʻagata
construct	fausia
construction	fausaga
constructive	lelei
construe	faʻavae
consul	faʻatalanoa
consulate	consulate
consult	feutagai
consultant	faufautua
consultation	feutagaiga
consume	faʻatau
consumer	tagata faʻatau
consuming	faʻatau
consummate	sili ona lelei
consummation	faʻataunuʻuga
consumption	taumafa
contact	faafesootai
contagion	feʻau
contagious	pipisi
contain	aofia ai
container	fagu
containment	teuina
contaminate	faaleagaina
contaminated	faaleagaina
contamination	faʻaleagaina
contemplate	mafaufau
contemplation	mafaufau loloto
contemplative	mafaufau loloto
contemporaneous	tagata taʻitasi
contemporary	faʻaonapo nei
contempt	inoino
contemptible	taufaaleaga
contemptuous	atuatuvale
contend	finau
contender	feteenaʻiga
contending	finau
content	anotusi
contented	faamalieina
contention	finauga
contentious	finauga
contentment	faamalieina
contents	mea e aofia ai
contest	tauvaga
contestant	tagata tauva
context	talaʻaga
contiguous	tuaoi
continence	continental
continent	konetineta
continental	continental
contingency	faʻafitauli
contingent	faʻatau
continual	faaauau pea
continually	faaauau pea
continuance	faʻaauau
continuation	faaauauga
continue	faaauau
continued	faaauau
continuing	faaauau pea
continuity	faaauau pea
continuous	faaauau pea
continuously	faaauau pea
continuum	faaauau
contour	taʻavale
contraband	feteʻenaʻi
contraception	togafiti
contract	konekarate
contracted	konekarate
contractile	konekarate
contracting	konekarate
contraction	fevaevaeaiga
contractor	konekarate
contradict	feteenaʻi
contradiction	feteenaʻiga
contradictory	feteenai
contraption	feteʻenaʻiga
contrary	ese
contrast	eseese
contrasted	faʻatusatusa
contravene	solia
contravention	solia
contribute	saofaga
contribution	saofaga
contributor	tagata fai sao
contrite	salamo
contrition	salamo
contrived	faia
control	pulea
controller	pule
controlling	puleaina
controversial	finauga
controversy	finauga
contusion	feeseeseaiga
conundrum	faʻailoga
convalescent	faʻasalaga
convection	felauaiga
convene	felafolafoaʻi
convenience	talafeagai
conveniences	mea lelei
convenient	faigofie
convent	faʻasalaga
convention	tauaofiaga
conventional	masani
converge	faaliliuina
convergence	liua
convergent	tagata liliu mai
conversant	talanoa
conversation	talanoaga
conversational	talatalanoaga
conversationalist	talatalanoaga
converse	talanoa
conversing	talatalanoa
conversion	liua
convert	liliu
converted	faaliliuina
convertible	liliu
convex	fetaui
convexity	felafolafoaiga
convey	auina atu
conveyance	felauaiga
conveyancing	felauaiga
convict	tausalaina
conviction	moliaga
convince	talitonu
convinced	talitonu
convincing	faatalitonuina
convocation	talofa
convoluted	faʻamaonia
convolution	faʻamaoni
convoy	talo
coo	coo
cook	kuka
cookbook	failautusi
cooker	cooker
cookery	kuka
cookie	kuki
cookies	kuki
cooking	kuka
cookout	toto
cool	sekia
coolant	faʻamalolo
cooler	mālūlū
cooling	malulu
coolness	malulu
coon	coon
coop	coop
cooperate	felagolagomai
cooperating	felagolagomai
cooperation	felagolagomai
cooperative	felagolagomai
coordinate	faamaopoopo
coordination	faamaopoopo
coordinator	faʻauluuluga
cop	kopi
copacetic	NO TRANSLATION
cope	taulimaina
copier	kopi
copilot	kopi
coping	taulimaina
copious	kopi
copper	apamemea
copter	kopi
copy	kopi
copycat	kopi kopi
copying	kopiina
copyright	puletaofia
coral	anala
coral snake	gata
cord	maea
cordial	faʻamalosi
cordless	leai se mea
cordon	laina
corduroy	corduroy
core	autu
cork	meaʻai
corkscrew	sosoʻo
corn	sana
cornball	cornball
cornbread	cornbread
cornea	kene
corned	suauu
corner	tulimanu
cornerstone	maatulimanu
cornet	sima
cornfield	sana sana
cornflakes	NO TRANSLATION
cornice	sana
cornstarch	cornstarch
corny	uʻamea
corollary	siaki
corona	uʻu
coronary	faʻaipoipo
coronation	faʻamaopoopoina
coroner	tagata e suesueina mafuaaga lilo o maliu
corporal	corporal
corporate	faʻatasi
corporation	faalapotopotoga
corporeal	tino
corps	tino
corpse	tino oti
corpsman	tagata
corpus	uʻu
corral	corral
correct	saʻo
correction	faʻasaʻo
correctional	faasaʻo
corrective	faʻamaonia
correctness	saʻo
correlation	faʻamaoniaga
correlative	faʻamaonia
correspond	tutusa
correspondence	tusitusi
correspondent	tusitala
corresponding	tutusa
corridor	alalaupapa
corroborate	faʻamaonia
corroboration	faʻasologa
corrosion	faaleagaina
corrosive	leaga
corrupt	leaga
corrupting	faaleagaina
corruption	faiga le tonu
corsage	uʻu
corse	NO TRANSLATION
corset	kesi
cortex	cortex
cortical	faʻatau
cortisone	Samoa
corvette	faʻatoʻa
cosmetic	vevela
cosmetics	vevela
cosmic	cosmic
cosmology	cosmology
cosmopolitan	cosmopolitan
cosmos	cosmos
cost	tau
costly	taugata
costume	teuga
cosy	fiafia
cot	togitogi
cote	taua
cottage	Fale
cotton	cotton
couch	nofoa
cougar	cougar
cough	tale
council	aufono
councilman	aufono
counsel	fautuaga
counseling	faufautua
counsellor	fesoasoani
counselor	fesoasoani
count	faitau
countdown	faitauga
countenance	foliga vaaia
counter	taliga
counteract	tali atu
counterattack	taufaʻatau
counterbalance	fefaʻasoaʻiga
counterclaim	faʻasalaga
counterfeit	taufaasese
counterpart	taʻitoʻatasi
counterpoint	faʻailoga
countess	tamaitai
countless	le mafaitaulia
country	atunuu
countryman	tagata nuʻu
countrymusic	NO TRANSLATION
countryside	atunuʻu
counts	taua
county	itumalo
coup	osofaʻi
coupe	solo
couple	ulugalii
coupled	faʻatasi
coupling	fetaui
coupon	coupon
courage	lototele
courageous	lototele
courier	faila
courses	vasega
coursing	aʻoga
court	faamasinoga
courteous	faaaloalo
courtesy	faʻaaloalo
courthouse	fale faamasino
courtroom	potu faamasino
courts	faamasinoga
courtship	faigauo tumau
courtside	faamasinoga
courtyard	lotoa
cousin	kasegi
cousins	tausoga
cove	mata
coven	tusia
covenant	feagaiga
cover	ufiufi
coverage	aofia ai
covered	ufiufi
covering	ufiufi
covert	pupuni
covet	manaʻoga
coveted	naunau i ai
cow	povi
coward	tagata palaai
cowardice	fefefe
cowardly	fefefe
cowboy	tamaʻitaʻi
cowgirl	lafu
cowhand	lafu
cowhide	paʻu
cowl	paʻu
coworker	tagata faigaluega
coy	uʻu
coyote	coyote
cozy	fiafia
crab	topa
crabby	vaʻai
crack	toso
cracked	vaelua
cracker	togi
crackerjack	crackerjack
cracking	tosoina
crackle	susu
crackpot	fusi
cradle	pepe
craft	vaalele
crafts	tufuga
craftsman	tufuga
craftsmanship	tufuga
crafty	valea
craig	craig
cram	tafa
crammed	faʻanoanoa
cramp	vaʻavaʻa
cramped	vavao
cranberry	keke
cranberry juice	vine kope
crane	papa
cranial	uila
cranium	kesi
crank	uila
cranky	uila
cranny	vine
crap	vaʻa
crappy	crappy
craps	vaʻa
crash	faʻalavelave
crass	fuga
crate	vaʻai
crater	papa
crave	manaʻo
craving	naunau
crawfish	iʻa
crawl	toso
crayon	penivali
crayons	penivali
craze	craze
crazed	gaogao
craziness	valea
crazy	valea
creak	fatuga
creaking	sosolo
cream	kulimi
creamed	suauu
creamer	kulimi
creamy	kulimi
crease	faila
create	foafoa
creation	foafoaga
creative	fatuga
creativity	fatufatuaʻi
creator	foafoa
creature	meaola
credence	talitonuga
credential	faʻamaonia
credentials	faʻamaumauga
credibility	faʻamaoni
credible	talitonuina
credit	aitalafu
credit card	numera tala tupe
creditable	faʻamaonia
credited	faʻatau
crediting	faʻamaonia
creditor	tagata aitalafu
creed	talitonuga
creek	vaitafe
creep	fetolofi
creeper	fuli
creeping	fetolofi
creepy	fetolofi
cremation	susunuina
creole	foafoa
crepe	crepe
crescendo	crescendo
crescent	vaʻaia
crest	lafu
crestfallen	i lalo
cretin	cretin
cretins	fretins
crevice	vailaʻau
crew	auvaa
crewman	tagata faivaa
crib	fale
cricket	Kirikiti
cried	tagi
crime	solitulafono
criminal	solitulafono
criminality	solitulafono
crimp	sulu
crimson	ulaula
cringe	faʻailoga
cripple	pipili
crippled	pipili
crippling	pipili
crisis	faʻalavelave
crisp	faanatinati
crispy	maaleale
criterion	faitioga
critic	faitioga
critical	taua
criticise	faitio
criticism	faitioga
criticize	faitio
criticized	faitio
critique	faitio
critter	faitio
croak	talofa
croc	croc
crock	crock
crockery	keke
crocodile	tarako
croft	kesi
croissant	croissant
crook	gaogao
crooked	piopio
crop	seleselega
croquet	croquet
cross	koluse
cross country	alalafaga
crossbow	kolisi
crossed	sopoia
crossfire	uila afi
crossing	laasia
crossover	kesi
crosswalk	uila
crossword	felafolafoaiga
crotch	tafaʻi
crouch	toso
crouched	punou
crouching	faʻatau
croupier	croupier
crow	faletalimalo
crowbar	faʻailoga
crowd	toʻatele
crowded	tumu
crowds	motu o tagata
crown	pale
crowning	palealii
crucial	taua tele
cruciate	faʻatauvaʻa
crucifix	faasatauro
crucifixion	faasatauroga
crucify	faasatauro
crud	faʻanenefu
crude	leaga
cruel	saua
cruelly	agaleaga
cruelty	saua
cruise	uila
cruise ship	vaa folau
cruiser	faimalaga
cruising	osofaʻi
crumb	malepelepe
crumble	malepelepe
crumbling	malepelepe
crummy	fati
crunch	fagu
crunchy	faʻanoanoa
crusade	osofaʻiga
crusader	taʻavale
crush	malepe
crushed	paʻu
crusher	fasia
crushing	solo
crust	fagu
crusty	faʻamaʻi
crutch	toso
crux	faʻatau
cry	tagi
crybaby	faʻaipoipo
crying	tagi
crypt	tagi
cryptic	cryptic
cryptography	faʻataʻitaʻiga
crystal	tioata
crystalline	tioata
crystallization	tioata
cub	kupita
cubby	cubby
cube	fagu
cubic	kupita
cubicle	lapisi
cuckold	lapisi
cuckoo	kesi
cucumber	kukama
cuddle	laʻau
cuddled	faʻanofo
cuddles	fusi
cuddling	faʻapipiʻi
cue	faʻailoa
cuff	fagu
cuisine	meaai
culinary	meaʻai
cull	talo
culminate	faʻamaeaina
culmination	pito i luga
culpability	nofosala
culpable	tausalaina
culprit	tausalaina
cult	agavaʻa
cultivate	atinaʻe
cultivated	totoina
cultivation	faʻatoʻaga
cultural	aganuu
culture	aganuu
cultured	agavaʻa
culvert	alalaupapa
cumbersome	vaivai
cumulus	cumulus
cunning	faitogafiti
cunt	tausoga
cup	ipu
cupboard	ipu
cupcake	cupcake
cupping	fufulu
cur	cur
curable	faʻamalolo
curate	curate
curative	faʻamaʻi
curator	faipule
curb	vaʻai
curd	curd
cure	fofo
curfew	taufetuli
curiosity	fiailoa
curious	fia iloa
curl	curl
curling	siaki
currency	tupe
current	taimi nei
curriculum	mataupu aoaoina
curry	curry
curse	fetuu
cursed	fetuuina
cursing	fetuu
cursory	fetalaiga
curt	toso
curtail	faʻailoga
curtailment	faʻasolosolo
curtain	pupuni
curtains	pupuni
curtsy	pupuni
curvature	curvature
curve	pupuni
curved	fao
curvilinear	curvilinear
cushion	uila
cushy	vavao
cusp	faʻauʻu
cuss	kili
cussed	faʻailoa
custard	siaki
custodial	leoleo
custodian	leoleo
custody	puipuiga
custom	masani
customary	aganuu
customer	tagata faʻatau
customized	faʻapitoa
cut	tipi
cutaneous	mataʻutia
cute	aulelei
cuticle	toso
cutie	tipi
cutlass	lapisi
cutlery	lapisi
cutoff	tipi ese
cutter	oti
cutters	tagata tipi
cutthroat	oti
cutting	oti
cutting board	laupapa tipi
cuttings	toso
cwt	cwt
cyanide	cyanide
cyberspace	cyberpace
cycle	taamilosaga
cyclical	cyclical
cyclist	uila
cyclone	afā
cylinder	fagu
cylindrical	paʻu
cymbal	sumepalo
cynic	maasiasi
cynical	faʻatau
cynicism	maasiasi
cyst	uila
cystic	cystic
cytomegalovirus	cytomegalovirus
cytoplasm	cytoplasm
czar	tupu
dab	pala
dabble	taʻavale
dabbling	faʻataʻoto
dad	tama
daddy	Tama
dado	NO TRANSLATION
daemon	daemon
daft	taʻavale
dagger	magger
daily	i aso uma
dainty	tainty
daiquiri	daiquiri
dairy	susu
daisy	daisy
dak	NO TRANSLATION
dale	aʻa
dam	afu
damage	faʻaleagaina
damaged	faaleagaina
damages	faʻaleagaina
dame	tamaʻitaʻi
damn	leai
damnation	faʻasalaga
damned	faʻamaonia
damp	susu
dampened	faʻamaʻa
damper	faʻamaʻi
damsel	teine
dance	siva
dancer	tagata siva
dancing	siva
dandruff	meaʻai
dandy	dandy
danger	lamatiaga
dangerous	matautia
dangerously	matautia
dangit	NO TRANSLATION
dangle	siva
dank	NO TRANSLATION
dapper	faʻatau
dare	fefe
daredevil	maredevil
daresay	laresay
daring	fefe
dark	pogisa
darken	pogisa
darkened	pogisa
darkly	pogisa
darkness	pogisa
darkroom	pogisa
darkside	pogisa
darling	alofagia
darn	darn
dart	toso
dash	faasee
dashboard	laupapa
dashed	faʻanoanoa
dashing	faʻanofo
dastardly	vave
data	faʻamaumauga
database	database
date	aso
datenight	NO TRANSLATION
daughter	afa'fine
dawdle	taʻavale
dawn	taeao
dawned	vaveao
day	aso
daybreak	le vaveao
daycare	aso tausi tausiga
daydream	aso
daydreaming	tafaoga faamasani
daylight	aso malamalama
daymade	NO TRANSLATION
dayoff	NO TRANSLATION
daytime	aso
daze	tagi
dazed	osooso
dazzle	taofi
dazzling	mataʻutia
deacon	tiakono
deactivate	taofiofia
dead	oti
deadbeat	oti
deadline	aso faʻamuta
deadlines	taimi tapunia
deadlock	siaki
deadly	oti
deaf	tutuli
deafening	faʻalogo
deafness	tutuli
deal	taulimaina
dealer	faʻatau
dealership	fefaʻatauaʻiga
dealing	taulimaina
dealings	fefaʻatauaiga
dean	taʻavale
dear	pele
dearest	pele
dearth	oge
death	maliu
deathbed	oti
deathly	maliu
debacle	paʻu
debased	leaga
debatable	faʻafefe
debate	finauga
debauchery	faʻatafuna
debenture	aitalafu
debilitating	faʻavaivaia
debit	aitalafu
debrief	toesea
debriefing	otootoga
debris	otaota
debt	aitalafu
debtor	tagata nofo aitalafu
debut	amataga
debutante	amataga
decade	sefulu tausaga
decadence	leaga
decadent	faʻaleagaina
decaf	decaf
decanter	pala
decathlon	decathlon
decay	pala
decayed	faaleagaina
decaying	pala
deceased	ua maliu
decedent	taimi
deceit	taufaasese
deceitful	taufaasese
deceive	faasese
deceived	faaseseina
deceiving	faaseseina
december	Tesema
decency	amiolelei
decent	lelei
deception	taufaasese
deceptive	taufaasese
decide	filifili
decidedly	filifili
deciduous	toso
decimal	fua faʻatau
decimeter	decimeter
decipher	filifili
decision	filifiliga
decisive	filifili
deck	toso
declaration	tautinoga
declaratory	taʻutaʻu
declare	taʻutaʻu
declination	faʻaitiitia
decline	faʻaitiitia
declining	faʻaitiitia
deco	teuteu
decode	faʻaitiitia
decoder	faʻaiʻuga
decompose	lafoaʻi
decomposed	faʻavae
decomposition	faʻavae
decompress	tosoina
decompression	faʻalavelave
decontamination	faʻaleagaina
decor	meaʻai
decorate	teuteu
decorating	teuteu
decoration	teuteuga
decorative	teuteu
decorator	teuteu
decorum	amio leaga
decoy	teuteu
decrease	faaitiitia
decreased	faaitiitia
decreasing	faʻaititia
decree	tusi
decrement	palaʻai
decrepit	faʻaleagaina
decry	decry
decryption	decryption
dedicate	faapaia
dedication	faapaiaga
deduce	toso
deduct	toso
deductible	toesea
deduction	toesega
deed	feagaiga
deejay	tusijay
deem	manatu
deep	loloto
deepen	faʻaloloto
deer	tia
defamation	taufaaleaga
defamatory	taufaaleaga
default	leai se totogi
defeat	toilalo
defeated	faʻailoga
defeatist	toilalo
defect	faaletonu
defection	teteʻe
defective	le lelei
defector	tagata maʻi
defend	puipui
defendant	ua molia
defended	puipuia
defender	tagata puipui
defending	puipuia
defense	puipuiga
defenseless	leai se puipuiga
defensible	lē mafai
defensive	puipuiga
defer	tolopo
deference	manatu
deferral	tolopoina
deferring	tolopoina
defiance	teteʻe
defiant	lē fiafia
defibrillator	defibrillator
deficiency	le atoatoa
deficient	le lava
deficit	faaletonu
define	faʻamalamalama
defined	faʻamatalaina
definite	manino
definition	faʻamatalaga
definitive	mautinoa
deflate	faʻatau
deflation	taufaaleaga
deflect	faʻafefete
deflection	feteʻenaʻi
defloration	faʻatauvaʻa
deform	pala
deformed	leaga
deformity	leaga
defraud	taufaasese
defray	faʻaleagaina
defrost	faʻaleagaina
deft	au
defunct	taʻutaʻu
defuse	faʻatau
defy	faʻatau
degeneracy	degeneracy
degenerate	agavaʻa
degeneration	faʻaleagaina
degradation	faʻaleagaina
degrade	faʻaleagaina
degraded	faʻaleagaina
degrading	faʻaleagaina
degree	tikeri
dehydrated	faamalolo
dehydration	vai inu
dejected	faanoanoa
delay	tuai
delayed	tuai
delectable	faʻamalosi
delegate	sui
delegation	tuuina atu malosiaga
delete	tape
deleterious	solo
deletion	solo
deli	au
deliberate	mafaufau
deliberation	feutagaiga
deliberative	filifiliga
delicacy	meaʻai
delicate	faʻamalosi
delicatessen	faʻamalosi
delicious	suamalie
delight	fiafia
delighted	fiafia
delightful	fiafia
delineate	faʻamanatu
delineation	faʻataʻitaʻiga
delinquency	sese
delinquent	lē faʻaaoga
delirious	fiafia
delirium	faʻasalaga
deliver	laveaʻi
deliverance	laveaʻi
delivery	tuʻuina atu
dell	faʻalelei
delta	Delta
delude	valea
deluge	lologa
delusion	taufaasese
delusional	taufaasese
deluxe	fiafiaga
delve	delve
demand	manaʻoga
demanding	faʻamalosia
demeaned	faalumaina
demeaning	faalumaina
demeanor	uiga masani
demented	faʻanoanoa
dementia	teteʻe
demise	oti
demo	demo
democracy	faatemokarasi
democrat	faatemokalasi
democratic	faatemokalasi
demographic	numera
demolish	talepe
demolished	faʻaumatia
demolition	talepe
demon	temoni
demonic	temoni
demonstrable	faʻaalia
demonstrate	faʻaali
demonstrated	faaalia
demonstrating	faʻaalia
demonstration	faatinoga
demonstrative	faʻataʻitaʻiga
demonstrator	faʻataʻitaʻiga
demoralized	vaivai
demos	demas
demure	mea leaga
den	NO TRANSLATION
deniability	faʻaleagaina
denial	faafitia
denied	faafitia
denim	denim
denomination	igoa
denominational	lotu
denominator	faʻasologa
denote	faʻaalia
denounce	faʻasalaga
dense	mea manogi
density	tele
dent	tootoo
dental	nifo
dentist	fomai nifo
dentistry	fomai nifo
dentists	fomai nifo
denunciation	faʻasalaga
deny	faafitia
denying	faafitia
deodorant	deodorant
depart	alu ese
departed	alu ese
department	matagaluega
departmental	matagaluega
departure	aluese
depend	faalagolago
dependable	faʻatuatuaina
dependant	faalagolago
dependence	faalagolago
dependency	faalagolago
dependent	faalagolago
depict	faʻaalia
depicting	faʻaali
depletion	toʻaga
deplorable	mea leaga
deplore	atuatuvale
deploy	faʻapipiʻi
deployment	faʻapipiʻiina
deport	aveese
deportation	ave ese
depose	lafo
deposit	teuina
depositary	tagata faʻamau
deposition	lafoina
depository	fale teu
depot	nofoaga
depraved	leaga
depravity	leaga
depreciate	faaitiitia
depreciated	faʻanoanoa
depreciation	toesega
depress	faanoanoa
depressed	faanoanoa
depressing	faanoanoaga
depression	faanoanoaga
depressive	faanoanoaga
depresson	NO TRANSLATION
deprivation	faoa
deprive	aveese
deprived	leai
depth	loloto
deputy	sui
derail	toso
deranged	vavae ese
derelict	tusi
derision	taufaalili
derivation	faʻamatalaga
derivative	faʻavae
derive	maua mai
dermal	afua
dermatologist	o le dermatologist
dermatology	dermatology
derogation	faʻasalaga
derogatory	faʻaleagaina
descend	alu ifo i lalo
descendant	fanau
descendent	NO TRANSLATION
descending	alu ifo
descent	tupuaga
describe	faamatala
description	faʻamatalaga
descriptive	faamatalaina
desecrate	leaga
desecration	leaga
desert	toafa
deserted	faʻanoanoa
deserter	faʻanoanoa
desertion	faʻaumatiaga
deserve	talafeagai
deserved	tatau
deserving	talafeagai
design	mamanu
designate	filifilia
designated	atofaina
designation	igoa
designed	mamanu
designer	mamanu
designing	mamanu
desirability	manaʻomia
desirable	manaomia
desire	naunau
desiring	manaʻo
desirous	naunau
desist	aloese
desk	kesi
desolate	nofofua
desolation	faatafunaga
despair	faanoanoa
despairing	faanoanoa
despatch	faʻailoga
desperado	desperado
desperate	atuatuvale
desperation	atuatuvale
despicable	inoino
despise	inoino
despondent	lotovaivai
despotic	inoino
despotism	inoino
dessert	suamalie
destination	malaga
destined	faamoemoeina
destiny	taunuuga
destitute	matitiva
destroy	faʻaumatia
destroyed	faʻaumatia
destroyer	faʻaumatia
destroying	faʻaumatia
destruct	faʻaumatia
destruction	faʻaumatia
destructive	faʻaumatia
detach	vavae ese
detached	tataʻese
detachment	vavae ese
detail	auiliiliga
detailed	auiliiliga
details	auiliiliga
detain	taofia
detainee	tagata taofia
detect	iloa
detectable	iloagofie
detection	siaki
detective	leoleo
detector	tagata suʻesuʻe
detention	taofiga
deter	toso
detergent	tagata maʻi
deteriorate	faasolosolo
deteriorated	faasolosolo malie
deteriorating	faasolosolo malie
deterioration	faʻaleagaina
determinable	fuafua
determinate	fuafua
determination	naunautaiga
determine	fuafuaina
determined	fuafuaina
deterrent	taofia
detest	inoino
detestation	faʻaleagaina
detonate	faʻamaonia
detonation	faʻasalaga
detonator	detonator
detour	taʻavale
detract	faʻalavelave
detriment	faʻaleagaina
detrimental	leaga
detritus	detritus
deuce	lafoaʻi
deutschmark	deutschmark
devalued	faʻatauvaʻa
devastate	faʻaleagaina
devastated	faʻanoanoa
devastating	faʻalavelave
devastation	faʻaleagaga
develop	atiina ae
developer	le atinaʻe
developing	atinae
development	atinae
deviant	vavao
deviate	sola ese
deviating	vavae ese
deviation	feeseeseaiga
device	masini
devil	tiapolo
deviled	faʻasalaga
devilish	tiapolo
devious	taufaasese
devise	fuafua
devoid	leai
devolution	faʻavae
devolve	tuʻua
devote	tuuto
devoted	tuuto
devotee	tagata faʻafetai
devotion	tuuto
devotional	faigalotu
devour	'ai
devout	faamaoni
dew	sau
dexter	toso
dexterity	feeseeseaiga
dextrose	dextrose
diabetes	maʻisuka
diabetic	maʻisuka
diabolical	tiapolo
diagnose	faʻamaʻi
diagnosis	faʻamaʻi
diagnostic	faʻamaʻi
diagnostics	faʻamaʻi
diagonal	faʻasolosolo
diagram	ata
dial	telefoni
dialect	gagana
dialectic	gagana
dialogue	talatalanoaga
dialysis	faʻamaʻi
diameter	lautele
diamond	taimane
diamonds	taimane
diaper	faʻamaʻi
diaphragm	diaphragm
diarrhea	manava manava
diarrhoea	manava manava
diary	tusi tala
diatribe	diatribe
dib	NO TRANSLATION
dibs	toso
dice	togi
dicey	dicey
dichotomous	faʻamatalaga
dichotomy	dichotomy
dick	togitogi
dickhead	toso
dicks	faʻavaʻa
dictate	fai mai
dictation	faʻauʻuga
dictator	pule
dictatorial	faʻaupu
dictatorship	pule faʻamalosi
diction	faʻamatalaga
dictionary	lomifefiloi
dictum	NO TRANSLATION
didactic	aʻoaʻoga
diddle	faʻailoga
die	NO TRANSLATION
died	maliu
diesel	diesel
diet	taumafa
dietary	taumafa
differ	eseese
difference	eseesega
differences	eseesega
different	eseese
differential	eseese
differentiation	eseesega
differently	eseese
differing	eseese
difficult	faigata
difficulties	faigata
difficulty	faigata
diffuse	faasalalauina
diffusion	feeseeseaiga
dig	NO TRANSLATION
digest	eli
digestion	otaota
digestive	mamanu
digit	numera
digital	numera
dignified	mamalu
dignify	mamalu
dignity	mamalu
digress	digress
digs	NO TRANSLATION
dike	toa
dilapidated	faʻaleagaina
dilatation	faʻaolaina
dilation	uila
dildo	dildo
dilemma	faafitauli
diligence	maelega
diligent	maelega
dill	meaʻai
diluent	faʻaalu
dilute	faʻaitiitia
diluted	faʻaitiitia
dilution	faʻasalaga
dim	lanu
dime	tului
dimension	tele
dimensional	tele
diminish	faaitiitia
diminished	faaitiitia
diminution	faaitiitia
diminutive	itiiti
dimwit	laititi
din	NO TRANSLATION
dine	taumafa
diner	taumafataga
dinghy	faʻasologa
dingo	dingo
dingy	faʻauʻu
dining	'ai
dinky	dinky
dinner	taumafataga
dinnertime	taumafataga o le afiafi
dinosaur	dinosaur
dint	toso
diocesan	diocesan
diocese	diocese
diorama	diorama
dioxide	dioxide
dip	togi
diploma	tipiloma
diplomacy	diplomacy
diplomat	diplomat
diplomatic	malo
dipper	toso
dippy	le fiafia
dipstick	faila
dire	NO TRANSLATION
direct	tuusao
directed	taitaia
direction	taʻiala
directive	faatonuga
directly	saʻo
director	faatonu
directory	lisi
dirt	palapala
dirty	eleelea
disability	le atoatoa
disable	faʻamalo
disabled	vaivaiga
disadvantage	mea le lelei
disaffected	le fiafia
disagree	le malie
disagreeable	le malie
disagreeing	feeseeseai
disagreement	feeseeseaiga
disallow	faʻalēaoga
disallowed	le faʻatagaina
disapointment	NO TRANSLATION
disappear	mou ese
disappearance	le mou atu
disappearing	toesea
disappoint	le fiafia
disappointed	le fiafia
disappointing	faanoanoa
disappointment	le fiafia
disapproval	le taliaina
disapprove	le taliaina
disapproved	le taliaina
disapproving	le taliaina
disarm	faʻaumatia
disarray	leai se mea
disaster	mala
disastrous	leaga
disband	solo
disbelief	le talitonu
disbelieve	le talitonu
disburse	tufatufaina
disbursement	tupe faʻaalu
disc	CD
discard	lafo ese
discarded	lafoai
discards	toesega
discern	iloa
discernible	iloagofie
discerning	iloatino
discernment	iloatino
discharge	lafoaia
disciple	soo
disciplinary	faʻasalaga
discipline	amio pulea
disciplined	amio pulea
disclaim	faʻasaʻo
disclaimer	le faʻatagaina
disclose	faʻaaliga
disclosed	faʻaalia
disclosure	faʻaaliga
disco	iloa
discoloration	suʻesuʻega
discolored	faʻanoanoa
discomfort	popolega
disconcerted	faʻanoanoa
disconcerting	faʻaseseina
disconnect	vavae ese
disconnected	motusia
disconnection	vavae ese
disconnects	vavae ese
discontent	le fiafia
discontinuance	tolopoina
discontinue	tolopoina
discontinuity	faʻalogo
discontinuous	le tumau
discord	feeseeseaiga
discount	togi
discounted	tuusaunoa
discourage	lotovaivai
discouraged	lotovaivai
discouragement	lotovaivai
discouraging	lotovaivai
discourse	lauga
discover	iloa
discovery	mauaina
discredit	faʻaleagaina
discredited	faʻaleagaina
discreet	NO TRANSLATION
discrepancy	feeseeseaiga
discrete	manino
discretion	faitalia
discretionary	faitalia
discriminate	faʻamaonia
discriminating	faʻamaonia
discrimination	faʻailoga
discus	tala
discuss	talanoa
discussion	talanoaga
disdain	le amanaiaina
disdainful	inoino
disease	faamaʻi
diseased	maʻi
disembodied	faʻapipiʻi
disengage	aluese
disengagement	toesea
disfigured	faʻaleagaina
disgrace	faʻalumaina
disgraced	faalumaina
disgraceful	faʻalumaina
disgruntled	le fiafia
disguise	fesuiaʻi
disguised	faʻanofo
disgust	inoino
disgusted	inoino
disgusting	inosia
dish	ipu
disheartened	lotovaivai
disheartening	lotovaivai
dishonest	le faamaoni
dishonesty	le faamaoni
dishonor	faʻalumaina
dishonorable	faʻaleagaina
dishwasher	fafie
disillusionment	le mautonu
disinclination	fouvalega
disincline	le mautonu
disinclined	le mautonu
disinfect	faʻamaʻi
disinfectant	faʻamaʻi pipisi
disinfection	faʻaumatia
disinformation	faʻaleagaina
disingenuous	leai se uiga
disintegrate	faʻaumatia
disintegration	faʻamavaega
disinterested	le lelei
disjoint	faʻapipiʻi
disjointed	faʻasalaga
disjunctive	le faʻaaloalo
disk	vaʻa
diskette	lapisi
dislike	le fiafia
disliked	le fiafia
disliking	le fiafia
dislocated	solo
dislocation	faʻavae
dislodge	faʻaumatia
disloyal	le faamaoni
disloyalty	le faʻamaoni
dismal	leaga
dismantle	solo
dismay	faanoanoa
dismayed	faanoanoa
dismemberment	le mautonu
dismiss	faatea
dismissal	faateʻaina
dismissive	faatea
dismount	osofaʻiga
disobedience	le usiusitai
disobedient	lē usiusitaʻi
disobey	le usitai
disorder	maʻi
disordered	le mautonu
disorderly	le lelei
disorganized	le faʻatulagaina
disorientation	le mautonu
disoriented	lē faʻafefe
disown	faʻatau
disparage	faʻaleagaina
disparaging	faʻaleagaina
disparate	faʻavae
disparity	feeseeseaiga
dispassionate	leai se tasi
dispatch	lafo
dispatcher	avefeʻau
dispel	aveese
dispensary	faʻasalaga
dispensation	tisipenisione
dispense	tufatufaina atu
dispenser	tufatufa
dispersal	faataapeapeina
disperse	faasalalauina
dispersed	faataapeapeina
dispersion	faataapeapeina
dispirited	sui
displace	sui
displaced	ua vavae ese
displacement	sui
displacency	feeseeseaiga
display	faʻaali
displease	le fiafia
displeased	le fiafia
displeasure	le fiafia
disposable	lafoai
disposal	lafoaia
dispose	lafo
disposed	lafoaʻi
disposition	lafoaʻiga
dispossessed	lafoaia
disprove	faʻamaonia
dispute	feeseeseaiga
disqualification	faʻatauvaʻa
disqualified	faʻatauvaʻa
disqualify	le agavaa
disquieted	atuatuvale
disregard	le amanaiaina
disregarded	le amanaiaina
disrelish	faʻanofo
disreputable	leai se mea
disrepute	faʻaleagaina
disrespect	le faʻaaloalo
disrespectful	le faaaloalo
disrupt	faʻalavelave
disrupting	faʻalavelave
disruption	faʻalavelave
disruptive	faʻalavelave
dissatisfaction	le le fiafia
dissatisfied	lē faamalieina
dissect	faʻasalalau
dissection	faʻasesega
disseminate	faʻasalalau
dissemination	faʻasalalauga
dissension	fevaevaeaiga
dissent	teteʻe
dissenting	teteʻe
dissertation	faʻasalalauga
disservice	faʻasalaga
dissident	le o se mea e le mafai
dissimilar	e le tutusa
dissipate	solo
dissipated	solo
dissociation	vavaeese
dissociative	faʻafitauli
dissolution	faataapeina
dissolve	faataapeina
dissonance	dissonance
dissuade	taofi
distal	faʻalavelave
distance	mamao
distant	mamao
distaste	faʻaleagaina
distasteful	faʻaleagaina
distillate	faʻamaʻi
distillation	faʻasalaga
distilled	faʻamaʻi
distinct	manino
distinction	tulaga ese
distinctive	iloga
distinguish	iloga
distinguishable	iloga
distinguished	iloga
distinguishing	iloagofie
distort	faʻasese
distorted	faʻasoesa
distortion	faʻalavelave
distract	faʻalavelave
distracted	tosina
distracting	faʻalavelave
distraction	faʻalavelave
distraught	faʻalavelave
distress	mafatia
distressed	faanoanoa
distressing	mafatiaga
distribute	tufatufaina
distribution	tufatufaga
distributor	tufatufa
district	itumalo
distrust	le talitonu
disturb	faʻalavelave
disturbance	faʻalavelave
disturbed	faʻalavelave
disturbing	faʻalavelave
disuse	faʻasalalau
disused	faʻalavelave
ditch	alavai
ditto	fai mai
ditty	tala
diurnal	diurnal
diva	diva
divan	NO TRANSLATION
dive	sasao
diver	paʻu
diverge	feeseeseaʻi
divergence	eseesega
divergent	eseese
diverging	vavave
divers	eseese
diverse	eseese
diversified	eseese
diversify	eseese
diversion	feeseeseaiga
diversionary	feeseeseaiga
diversity	eseese
divert	faʻanofo
diverting	fesuiaʻi
divest	faʻasolosolo
divested	faʻasolosolo
divestment	faʻasologa
divide	fevaevaeaʻi
divided	vaevaeina
dividend	tufatufaga
divination	vavalo
divine	paia
divinity	paia
divisible	vaeluaina
division	vaevaega
divisor	vaevaega
divorce	teteʻa
divorcee	teteʻa
divulge	faʻamatala
divvy	vavalo
dizziness	vavao
dizzy	uila
do	fai
doable	mafai
doc	doc
docile	tosole
dock	faʻailoga
docked	faʻailoa
docket	taga
docking	faʻailoga
doctor	fomai
doctorate	doctorate
doctrinal	aoaoga faavae
doctrine	aoaoga faavae
document	pepa aloaia
documentary	pepa faʻailoga
documentation	faʻamaumauga
documents	pepa
dodge	alo ese
dodger	tagata faʻatau
dodging	alo ese
dodgy	toso
dodo	dodo
doe	fai
doer	tagata fai
dog	taifau
dogface	dog dog
dogged	taifau
doggy	taifau
doghouse	taifau
dogma	dogma
dogmatic	taʻutino
dogsick	NO TRANSLATION
doings	faia galuega
doit	NO TRANSLATION
dojo	faijo
doldrums	faanatinati
dole	leai
doll	pepe taalo
dollar	tālā
dollhouse	pepe taalo
dolor	NO TRANSLATION
dolphin	dolphin
domain	fanua
dome	au
domestic	aiga
domesticated	fale
domestication	domestication
domicile	fale
domiciled	nofomau
dominance	puleʻaga
dominant	puleʻaga
dominate	puleʻaga
dominating	puleʻaga
domination	puleʻaga
dominatrix	taʻutaʻua
dominion	malo
domino	domino
don	foai
donate	foai
donation	foai
donkey	asini
donor	tagata foai
dontlikeyou	NO TRANSLATION
dontmess	NO TRANSLATION
dontmesswithme	e le o ia
dontpanic	dontpanic
dontunderstand	NO TRANSLATION
doodle	toodle
doom	malaia
doomed	faʻaumatia
doomsday	aso ole aso
door	faitotoa
doorbell	faitotoa o le faitotoa
doorknob	tootoo
doorman	mea mataʻutia
doormat	fai mea mataʻutia
doornail	faʻailoga
doorstep	faitotoa
doorway	faitotoa
dopamine	dopamine
dope	toso
dopey	toso
dork	toso
dorky	toso
dorm	moe
dormant	moe
dormitory	fale nofo
dorsal	toso
dosage	fua
dose	fualaau
dossier	faila
dot	togi
doting	faʻailoga
dotted	togi
dotty	togi
double	faalua
doubled	faaluaina
doublet	faaluaina
doubling	masalosalo
doubt	masalosalo
doubtful	masalosalo
doubting	masalosalo
doubtless	leai se masalosalo
doubts	masalosaloga
douche	douche
douchebags	douchebags
dough	paluga
doughboy	tama tama tama
doughnut	donut
dour	u
douse	fai
dove	lupe
down	lalo
downcast	faanoanoa
downer	toso
downfall	pa'ū
downfield	lalo
downhearted	loto vaivai
downhill	togi
download	download
downpour	timuga
downright	leaga
downriver	lalo ifo
downside	pito i lalo
downtime	toso
downward	agai i lalo
downy	lalo ifo
dowry	totogi
doze	taofi
dozen	toaselau
drab	tala
draft	ata tusi
drafty	maualuluga
drag	toso
dragon	tarako
dragonfly	dragonfly
drain	suavai
drainage	alavai
drained	sasaa
draining	suavai
drainpipe	drainpipe
drake	drake
drama	tala faatino
dramaqueen	NO TRANSLATION
dramatic	mataʻutia
drape	drape
drapery	faʻamatalaga
drastic	malosi tele
drat	NO TRANSLATION
draught	ata tusi
draw	tusi
drawback	toe faafoi
drawbridge	tusia le ala laupapa
drawer	tootoo
drawers	toso
drawing	tusi ata
dread	fefe
dreaded	mataʻutia
dreadful	mataʻutia
dreadfully	mataʻutia
dreading	fefe
dream	miti
dreamboat	miti
dreamer	tagata moemiti
dreaming	miti
dreamland	miti
dreams	miti
dreamt	miti
dreamy	miti
dreary	vaivai
dredge	toso
drenched	toso
dress	ofu
dresser	ofu
dressmaker	ofu talaloa
dressy	laei
dribble	NO TRANSLATION
dried	mago
drier	pupu
drift	vaʻavaʻa
drifted	feoaʻi
drifter	feoaʻi
driftwood	faʻailoga
drill	fofo
drink	vaiinu
drinker	meainu
drinking	inu
drinks	mea inu
drip	malolo
dripping	afaina
drive	ave taavale
drivel	drivel
driver	avetaʻavale
driveway	ala taavale
drizzle	avetaʻavale
droll	drolu
drone	mativa
drones	drones
drool	pa'ū
drooping	pa'ū
droopy	paʻu
drop	pa'ū
droplet	otaota
dropout	le au
dropper	tolo
drought	lamala
drove	NO TRANSLATION
drown	malemo
drowsiness	moe
drowsy	moe
drudgery	faʻalavelave
drug	fualaau faasaina
drug dealing	fualaau faasaina
drugged	fualaau faasaina
druggist	fomaʻi
drugs	fualaau faasaina
drugstore	fale talimalo
druid	faʻamalosi
drum	taofi
drummer	tagata taalili
drumming	talatala
drunk	onā
drunk driving	onā inu
drunkard	onā
drunken	onā
drunkenness	onā
dry	mago
dryer	vailaau
dryness	malogo
dual	lua
dualism	faalua
duality	lua
dub	dub
dubious	faʻailoga
duchess	lechess
duck	pato
ducking	leai
duckling	tamaʻi pepe
ducky	lapoʻa
duct	pule
ductile	ductile
dud	dud
dude	teine
duds	tifaga
due	tatau
duel	Duel
dues	leai
duet	Duet
duffel	au
dugout	dugout
duh	Duh
duke	taupulega
dull	faʻanoanoa
dullard	Totogi
dumb	gūgū
dumbasses	fagu
dumbbell	dumbbell
dumbbitch	NO TRANSLATION
dumfound	faʻailoga
dumfounder	NO TRANSLATION
dummy	paʻu
dump	lafoai
dumpling	faʻatasi
dumps	faʻaumatia
dumpster	faasee
dun	fiafia
dunce	tanu
dune	lapo
dung	NO TRANSLATION
dungeon	falepuipui
dunk	faʻailoa
duo	Duo
dupe	paʻu
duplex	faʻailoga
duplicate	lua
duplication	faia faʻalua
duplicity	faʻaogalua
durability	le tumau
durable	umi
duration	umi
duress	leai
dusk	afiafi
dusky	aoauli
dust	pefu
duster	solo
dustpan	pefu
dusty	pefu
dutiful	faaaloalo
duty	tiute
dwarf	faʻailoga
dwarfed	faʻanoanoa
dweeb	dweeb
dwell	mau
dweller	tagata faatau
dwelling	nofo
dye	vali
dying	oti
dyke	dyke
dynamic	malosi
dynamical	malosi
dynamics	malosi
dynamite	malosi
dynamo	dynamo
dynasty	malo
dysentery	vailaʻau
dysfunction	faʻaleagaina
dysfunctional	faʻaleagaina
dyspepsia	dyspepsia
eager	naunau
eagerness	naunau
eagle	aeto
ear	taliga
earful	taliga
earl	taliga
earlier	muamua
early	vave
earn	maua
earnest	faamaoni
earnestly	faamaoni
earnestness	faamaoni
earnings	tupe maua
earpiece	talipupuni
earring	taliga
earrings	tautaliga
earshot	taliga
earth	lalolagi
earthenware	otaota
earthling	lalolagiling
earthly	lalolagi
earthquake	mafuie
earthy	eleele
ease	faigofie
easel	faʻailoga
easement	aia tatau
easily	faigofie
east	sase
eastbound	sasaʻe
eastern	sasaʻe
easy	faigofie
easygoing	faifailemu
eat	'ai
eater	'ai
eating	'ai
eatingdisorders	NO TRANSLATION
eavesdrop	vaʻavaʻa
eavesdropping	eavesdropping
ebb	ebb
ebony	eboni
ebullient	faʻamalieina
eccentric	afaina
eccentricity	mafatiaga
ecclesiastical	lotu
echelon	echelon
echinacea	echinacea
echo	faʻalogo
eclectic	faʻaleleia
eclipse	faʻapouliuli
ecliptic	ecliptic
ecological	faʻaleleia
economic	tamaoaiga
economical	tamaoaiga
economics	tamaoaiga
economy	tamaoaiga
ecosystem	meaola faanatura
ecstasy	fiafia
ecstatic	fiafia
ecumenical	ekaleni
eddy	eddy
edema	edema
edge	mata
edging	faʻasologa
edgy	edgy
edible	taumafa
edict	tulafono
edification	faʻamalosia
edifice	fausiaina
edit	faʻafeiloaʻi
editing	teuteu
edition	lomiga
editor	faatonu
editorial	faatonu
educate	aʻoaʻo
educated	aʻoaʻoina
education	aʻoga
educational	aʻoaʻoga
educator	faiaoga
eeeek	NO TRANSLATION
eeek	NO TRANSLATION
eek	eek
eel	uila
eerie	eerie
effect	aʻafiaga
effective	mataalia
effectiveness	aoga
effects	aafiaga
effectual	aoga
effectually	i lona uiga
effectuate	aoga
effeminate	faʻafeminate
efficacious	aoga
efficacy	aoga
efficiency	lelei
efficient	lelei
effigy	mataʻu
effort	taumafaiga
effortless	leai se aoga
effusion	mataʻu
effyou	NO TRANSLATION
egg	fuamoa
egghead	egghead
eggnog	eggnog
eggplant	eggplant
eggshell	fuamoa
ego	tupe
egomaniac	egomaniac
egotistical	maualuga
egregious	egregious
egress	faʻafeiloaʻi
eight	valu
eighteen	sefulu ma le valu
eighth	tulaga valu
eighty	valu sefulu
ejaculate	ejaculate
ejaculation	ejaculation
eject	lafo ese
ejection	taʻusalaga
elaborate	faʻamatala manino
elaboration	faʻamatalaina
elan	NO TRANSLATION
elapse	sosolo
elapsed	ua mavae
elastic	lafoaʻi
elasticity	elasticity
elated	fiafia
elation	faʻaaliga
elbow	tulivae
eld	eld
elder	toeaina
elderly	matua
elders	toeaina
eldest	ulumatua
elect	filifilia
election	faiga palota
elective	filifilia
elector	tagata palota
electoral	faiga palota
electorate	faiga palota
electric	eletise
electric slide	eletise eletise
electrical	eletise
electrician	eletise
electricity	eletise
electrify	filifili
electrocute	electrocute
electrocution	faʻaipoipo
electromagnetic	eletise
electron	eletise
electronic	eletoroni
electronics	eletise
elegance	eleeʻa
elegant	matagofie
element	elemene
elemental	elemene
elementary	laʻititi
elements	elemene
elephant	elefane
elevate	siitia
elevated	maualuga
elevation	maualuga
elevator	eletise
eleven	sefulu ma le tasi
eleventh	tulaga sefulu ma le tasi
elf	elf
elicit	faʻaalia
eligible	agavaa
eliminate	faʻaitiitia
elimination	faʻasalaga
elite	tagata matutua
elitist	elitist
elixir	elixir
elk	elk
ell	alu
ellipse	elilo
ellipsis	ellipsis
ellipsoid	ellipsoid
elliptic	elliptic
elliptical	elliptical
elm	elm
elongate	elongate
elongation	elongation
elope	mamanu
eloquence	manuia
eloquent	faʻamalosi
elucidate	lugalidate
elucidation	maualuga
elude	aloese
elusive	le mautonu
emaciated	emaciated
email	imeli
emanate	Emanate
emancipation	faʻasalaga
embankment	fausiaina
embargo	NO TRANSLATION
embark	faimalaga
embarrass	maasiasi
embarrassed	maasiasi
embarrassing	faamaasiasi
embarrassment	maasiasi
embassy	amatalia
embattled	lafoina
embed	faʻapipiʻi
embellish	faʻalelei
embellishment	faʻamalosia
embers	faʻailoga
embezzlement	faomea
embezzler	ufiufi
emblem	tagavai
emblematic	igoa
embodiment	faʻatusa
embolism	faʻataʻitaʻiga
embossed	faʻapipiʻi
embrace	fusi
embroidered	teuteu
embroidery	feoloolo
embroiled	afifi
embryo	afifi
embryonic	afifi
emcee	emcee
emerald	Emerald
emerge	faʻaalia
emergence	oso mai
emergency	faalavelave faʻafuaseʻi
emeritus	malolo faamamaluina
emery	emery
emetophobia	afaina
emigrate	faimalaga
emigration	malaga ese
eminence	maualuga
eminent	taʻutaʻua
eminently	e sili lava
emir	NO TRANSLATION
emissary	sui
emission	faʻatau
emit	lafo ese
emo	emo
emotion	lagona
emotional	lagona
emotive	uila
empathic	faʻamalosi
empathize	faʻamalosi
empathy	lagona alofa
emperor	emperor
emphasis	faamamafa
emphasize	faamamafaina
emphatic	faʻamalosi
emphysema	emphysema
empire	malo
empirical	faʻamalosi
empiricism	faʻamalosi
employ	faʻaaoga
employee	tagata faigaluega
employer	tagata faigaluega
employment	galuega
emporium	faʻaaogaina
empower	faʻamalosia
empress	malosi
emptiness	leai se aoga
emption	malosiaga
empty	leai se mea
emu	emu
emulate	faataitai
emulsion	osofaʻiga
enable	mafai
enablement	faʻatagaina
enact	tulafono
enactment	tulafono
enamel	matagi
encampment	tolauapi
enchant	tagata suʻesuʻe
enchanted	faʻamaonia
enchanting	faʻataʻitaʻi
enchantment	maaleale
enchantress	tagata suʻesuʻe
enchilada	enchilada
encircle	faataamilo
encircling	siomia
enclave	faʻalavelave
enclose	faʻapipiʻi
enclosure	pupuni
encode	inisi
encomiastic	NO TRANSLATION
encomium	Encomium
encompass	aofia ai
encore	NO TRANSLATION
encounter	fetaiai
encourage	faʻamalosia
encouraged	faamalosiauina
encouragement	faamalosiauga
encouraging	faamalosiauga
encroach	sosolo
encroachment	faanatinati
encrypt	faʻailoga
encryption	faʻamatalaga
encumbrance	faʻalavelave
encyclopedia	Encyclopedia
end	iuga
end table	pito i luga
endanger	lamatia
endangered	lamatia
endangerment	lamatiaga
endearing	fiafia
endeavor	taumafaiga
ended	iʻu
endemic	faʻasologa
endgame	fingame
ending	iuga
endless	leai se gataaga
endocarditis	endocarditis
endorse	faamaonia
endorsement	faʻamaoniga
endow	faaeega paia
endowed	maua faaeega paia
endowment	faaeega paia
endpapers	nusipepa
endpoint	pito i luga
endurance	tumau
endure	onosai
enduring	tumau
enema	enema
enemy	fili
energetic	malosi
energize	faʻamalosi
energy	malosi
enforce	faamalosia
enforcement	faamalosia
enforcer	faʻamalosia
engage	auai
engaged	auai
engagement	faʻatasi
engaging	auai
engender	faʻamalosia
engine	afi
engineer	inisinia
engineering	enisinia
engrave	togitogiga
engraved	togitogia
engraver	togitogiga
engraving	togitogiga
engrossed	faʻamalosi
engrossing	faʻatautaia
engulf	sosolo
enhance	faaleleia
enhancement	faaleleia atili
enigma	enigma
enigmatic	Enigmatic
enjoin	pule
enjoy	fiafia
enjoyable	fiafia
enjoying	fiafia
enjoyment	fiafiaga
enlarge	faateleina
enlarged	faalauteleina
enlargement	faʻateleina
enlighten	faamalamalama
enlightened	faamalamalamaina
enlightening	faamalamalama
enlightenment	faʻamalamalamaga
enlist	lisi
enliven	faʻaola
enmity	feitagaʻi
ennui	lauiloa
enormity	tele
enormous	tele
enormously	tele
enraged	ita
enrich	faatamaoaigaina
enroll	lesitala
enrollment	lesitalaina
ensemble	faʻatasi
ensign	tagavai
enslave	faʻapologa
enslaved	pologa
enslavement	pologa
ensue	mulimuli ane
ensure	faamautinoa
entail	aofia ai
entangled	tui
entanglement	faʻatautaia
enter	ulufale
enterprise	atinaʻe
enterprising	faʻafiafia
entertain	fiafia
entertained	faafiafiaina
entertainer	tagata faʻafiafia
entertaining	faafiafiaga
entertainment	faafiafiaga
enthralled	maofa
enthusiasm	naunautaiga
enthusiast	naunautai
enthusiastic	naunau
entice	faatosina
entire	atoa
entirety	atoa
entitle	aia tatau
entity	faalapotopotoga
entomology	faʻataʻotoga
entourage	soʻo
entrails	tui
entrance	ulufale
entrapment	mailei
entreat	talosaga
entree	ulufale
entrepreneur	tagata fai pisinisi
entrust	tuʻuina atu
entry	ulufale
enumerate	fuainumera
enumeration	faʻamatalaga
envelope	teutusi
envious	matauʻa
environ	NO TRANSLATION
environment	siosiomaga
environmental	siosiomaga
environs	siosiomaga
envision	i le taimi nei
envoy	faila
envy	matauʻa
enzyme	enzyme
ephemeral	ephemeral
ephemeris	ephemeris
epic	tala
epidemic	faʻamaʻi
epidermis	epidermis
epidural	faʻasologa
epilepsy	epilepsy
epileptic	vailaʻau
epilogue	epilogue
epiphany	epiphany
episcopal	Episcopal
episode	mea na tupu
episodic	episodic
epistle	tusi
epitaph	epitaph
epithet	epithet
epitome	epitome
epoch	taimi
equal	tutusa
equality	tutusa
equalization	tutusa
equalize	tutusa
equalizer	faʻamaʻi
equally	tutusa
equate	tutusa
equation	tutusa
equator	equator
equatorial	equatorial
equestrian	tagata taʻavale
equidistant	tutusa
equilibration	faʻasalaga
equilibrium	paleni
equip	faaauupegaina
equipment	meafaigaluega
equitable	tutusa
equity	tutusa
equivalence	mea tutusa
equivalent	tutusa
equivocal	equivocal
era	taimi
eradicate	faʻaumatia
eradication	faʻaumatia
erase	solo
eraser	solo
erasure	solo
ere	NO TRANSLATION
erect	faatu
erectile	erectile
erection	fausiaina
ergo	NO TRANSLATION
erode	leaga
erosion	otaota
erotic	leaga
erotica	erotica
err	sese
errand	feau
errant	sese
erratic	lē talafeagai
erratum	sese
erroneous	sese
error	sese
erst	NO TRANSLATION
erudite	faʻailoga
erupt	paʻu
eruption	faʻaleagaina
escalade	escalade
escalate	faʻateleina
escalating	faʻateleina
escalation	faʻateleina
escalator	tagata faʻatau
escape	sola ese
escaped	sola ese
escarpment	toso
eschew	ese
escort	malaga mai
escrow	sosoʻo
esophagus	esophagus
esoteric	esoteric
especial	NO TRANSLATION
espionage	vaʻavaʻa
espouse	faʻamaonia
espresso	espresso
esprit	mafaufau
esquire	suʻesuʻe
essay	tala
essayist	tusitala
essence	fatu
essential	taua
essentially	taua
establish	faʻavae
established	faavaeina
establishment	fausiaina
estate	esetete
esteem	taua
esteemed	taua
esthetic	faʻasoesa
estimable	matagofie
estimate	fuafua
estimation	fua faʻatatau
estoppel	vavae
estranged	ese
estrogen	estrogen
estuary	lapisi
etch	etch
etching	faʻatau
eternal	faavavau
eternity	faavavau
ethanol	ethanol
ether	ether
ethereal	ethereal
ethic	amio
ethical	amio lelei
ethics	amio pulea
ethnic	ituaiga
ethnography	tagatanuʻu
etiology	Etiology
etiquette	amioletonu
etymology	etymology
eucalyptus	Eucalyptus
euchre	Euchre
eugenics	ugenics
eulogistic	ulogistic
eulogium	siaki
eulogize	faʻafiafia
eulogy	faʻalogo
euphemism	euphemism
euphoria	euphoria
euphoric	euphoric
euro	euro
euthanasia	euthanasia
evacuate	aveese
evacuation	aveeseina
evade	alo ese
evaluate	iloilo
evaluation	iloiloga
evanescence	evanescence
evangelical	faʻaivagelia
evangelist	faievagelia
evangelistic	evagelia
evaporate	soso ese
evaporation	faʻasao
evasion	aloese
evasive	sola ese
eve	u
evening	afiafi
evens	NO TRANSLATION
event	mea na tupu
eventful	mea na tupu
eventual	mulimuli ane
eventuality	manuia
evergreen	faʻaaloalo
everlasting	faavavau
evermore	e faʻavavau lava
everyday	aso uma
everyman	tagata uma
evict	tuliesea
eviction	tuliesea
evidence	molimau
evident	manino
evidentiary	molimau
evil	leaga
evoke	osofaia
evolution	evolusione
evolutionary	evolusione
evolve	tupu
ewe	tamaʻi mamoe
ex	ex
exacerbate	faʻateleina
exacerbation	faʻavavevave
exact	saʻo
exacting	saʻo
exaggerate	faʻatele
exaggerated	faʻateleina
exaggeration	faʻaopoopoga
exalt	faaeaina
exaltation	faaeaga
exalted	faaeaina
exam	suʻega
examination	suʻesuʻega
examine	iloilo
examiner	tagata suʻesuʻe
example	faataitaiga
exasperated	ita tele
exasperation	ita tele
excavate	solo
excavation	faʻaauau
excavator	vili
exceed	sili atu
exceeding	sili atu
excel	sili atu
excellence	lelei
excellent	sili atu
excelsior	sili atu
excepting	vagana ai
exception	tuusaunoaga
exceptional	tulaga ese
excerpt	fuaitau
excess	sili atu
excessive	sili atu
excessively	sili atu
exchange	fesuiaiga
excise	excise
excision	faʻailoga
excitability	faʻamalosi
excitable	fiafia
excitation	fiafiaga
excite	fiafia
excited	fiafia
excitement	fiafiaga
exciting	fiafia
exclaim	alalaga
exclamation	faʻailoga
exclude	aloese
excluded	le aofia
excluding	faʻesea
exclusion	toesea
exclusive	faapitoa
excrement	otaota
excretion	pule faitalia
excruciating	tiga tele
excursion	malaga
excuse	alofaga
exec	exec
execute	faʻatau
execution	fasioti tagata
executioner	tagata faʻatau
executive	pule
executor	tagata faʻatau
exegesis	exegesis
exemplar	faʻataʻitaʻiga
exemplary	faʻataʻitaʻiga
exemplify	faataitaiga
exempt	tuusaunoa
exemption	tuusaunoaga
exercise	faamalositino
exert	faʻaaoga
exertion	malosi
exhale	faʻaola
exhaust	faʻaumatia
exhausted	vaivai
exhaustion	vaivai
exhaustive	vaivai
exhibit	faʻaalia
exhibition	faʻaaliga
exhilarated	faʻafiafia
exhilarating	faʻafiafia
exhilaration	faʻafiafiaga
exhort	apoapoai
exhortation	apoapoaiga
exhumation	faʻasalaga
exhume	faʻaauau
exigent	NO TRANSLATION
exile	ave faʻatasi
exist	i ai
existence	ola
existent	i ai
existential	i ai
existing	o loʻo iai
exit	alu ese
exodus	malaga tele
exonerate	sili atu
exorbitant	faʻateleina
exorcism	faʻataʻitaʻiga
exorcist	tagata faʻatau
exotic	tele
expand	faalautele
expanded	faalauteleina
expanse	vanimonimo
expansion	faʻaopoopoga
expansive	televave
expatriate	faletupe
expect	faamoemoe
expectance	faamoemoe
expectancy	faʻatalitali
expectant	faʻamoemoe
expectation	faʻamoemoe
expected	faamoemoeina
expecting	faatalitali
expediency	vave tele
expedient	vave
expedite	faanatinati
expedition	malaga
expeditious	vave
expel	faatea
expendable	faʻaalu
expenditure	tupe alu
expense	tupe faʻaalu
expenses	tupe alu
expensive	taugata
experience	poto masani
experienced	poto masani
experiences	aafiaga
experiment	faʻataʻitaʻiga
experimental	faataitai
experimentation	faʻataʻitaʻiga
experimenter	suʻega
expert	tagata atamai
expertise	tomai
expiration	maeʻa
expire	ua muta
expired	ua maeʻa
expiry	ua muta
explain	faamatala
explanation	faamalamalamaga
explanatory	faamalamalamaga
expletive	faʻamalosi
explication	faʻamatalaga
explicit	manino
explode	faʻalavelave
exploit	faʻaaoga
exploitation	faʻaogaina
exploration	suʻesuʻega
exploratory	suʻesuʻe
explore	suʻesuʻe
explorer	tagata suʻesuʻe
explosion	faʻalavelave
explosions	faʻalavelave
explosive	mea pāpā
expo	faʻaaliga
exponent	tagata faʻaalia
exponential	faʻamaonia
export	auina ese atu
exportation	auina ese atu
expose	faʻaalia
exposed	faʻaalia
exposition	faʻaaliga
expository	faʻaaliga
exposure	faʻaaliga
expound	faamalamalama
express	faʻaalia
expression	faʻaaliga
expressive	manino
expressway	alatele
expropriation	tupe faʻaalu
expulsion	tuliesea
exquisite	matagofie
exquisitely	maoaʻe
extant	iʻu
extend	faalautele
extendable	faalauteleina
extended	faalautele
extension	faʻaopoopoga
extensive	lautele
extent	tele
exterior	fafo
exterminate	faʻaumatia
extermination	faʻaumatia
exterminator	faʻaumatia
external	fafo
externally	fafo
extinct	leai
extinction	faʻaumatia
extinguish	faʻaumatia
extinguisher	tineia
extol	viia
extort	faʻatau
extortion	faoa faamalosi
extra	faʻaopoopo
extract	toso
extracting	aveeseina
extraction	aveeseina
extractor	tagata faʻatau
extracurricular	faʻaopoopoga
extradition	faʻasalaga
extrajudicial	faʻasalaga
extramural	faʻasolosolo
extraneous	ese
extraordinaire	faʻapitoa
extraordinary	tulaga ese
extraterrestrial	ese mai fafo
extravagance	faʻatauvaʻa
extravagant	faʻateleina
extravaganza	televavevave
extreme	ogaoga
extreme anticipation	matua naunautai
extreme disgust	ita tele
extreme surprise	matua le mautonu
extreme trust	matua talitonuina
extremely	matua
extremely negative	matua le lelei
extremely positive	matua lelei
extremity	iuga
extricate	faʻaumatia
extrinsic	faʻamatalaina
extrusion	faʻatasi
exuberance	fiafia tele
exude	faʻailoa
eye	mata
eyeball	mata
eyebrow	tioata
eyeful	mata mata
eyeglass	mata tioata
eyeglasses	mata tioata
eyelash	mata mata
eyelet	mata
eyeliner	eyeliner
eyepiece	mata mata
eyes	mata
eyesight	mata
eyewitness	molimau vaaia
fab	fab
fable	fable
fabled	fabled
fabric	ie
fabricate	faʻanoanoa
fabricated	faʻanoanoa
fabrication	fausaga
fabulous	faʻailoa
facade	facade
face	foliga
faceless	leai se mea
facet	facet
facial	mata
facile	NO TRANSLATION
facilitate	faafaigofie
facility	nofoaga
facing	feagai
facsimile	facsimile
fact	mea moni
faction	faction
factor	mea taua
factory	faletalimalo
facts	mea moni
factual	mea moni
faculties	tomai
faculty	faiaoga
fad	vaivai
fade	faʻailoa
faded	leai
faeces	faeces
fag	fag
faggot	fagot
fail	toilalo
failing	toilalo
failure	toilalo
fain	NO TRANSLATION
faint	vaivai
fainting	faʻanoanoa
fair	saʻo
fairly	saʻo
fairness	saʻo
fairway	mamao
fairy	faiva
faith	faatuatua
faithful	faamaoni
faithfulness	faamaoni
faithless	leai se faʻatuatua
fake	sese
faker	leaga
falafel	falafel
falcon	faga
fall	pa'ū
fallacious	sese
fallacy	pepelo
fallback	pa'ū
fallible	taʻutaʻu
falling	pa'ū
fallopian	fallopian
fallout	pa'u i fafo
fallow	vaivai
false	SESE
falsehood	pepelo
falsely	pepelo
falsification	faʻasese
falsified	faʻasese
falsify	faʻasese
falsity	sese
falter	vaivai
fame	lauiloa
famed	aiga
familiar	masani
familiarity	masani
familiarize	faamasani
family	aiga
familytime	taimi faaleaiga
famine	oge
famished	fia ai
famous	lauiloa
famously	lauiloa
fan	oso
fanatic	faʻanoanoa
fanatical	tagata faʻapitoa
fanaticism	faʻailoga
fanciful	alofa
fancy	lalelei
fandango	fandango
fanfare	osofaʻiga
fang	NO TRANSLATION
fangs	afifi
fanning	fanning
fantasia	mea taufaaleaga
fantasize	faʻanoanoa
fantastic	mea matagofie
fantasy	mea leaga
faraway	mamao lava
farce	mamao
farcical	mea faʻapitoa
fare	pasese
farewell	faatofa
farm	faatoaga
farmer	faifaatoʻaga
farmhouse	fale faʻatoʻaga
farming	faatoaga
farmland	fanua faifaatoaga
faro	faro
fart	fart
farther	mamao atu
fascia	fascia
fascinate	manaia
fascinated	fiafia
fascinating	manaia
fascination	fiafia
fascism	fasioti
fascist	fasio
fashion	faiga masani
fashionable	faʻalelei
fastball	polosolo polo
fasten	faʻamau
fastener	faʻamau
fastening	faʻamau
fasting	anapogi
fat	gaʻo
fatal	mataʻutia
fatalism	oti
fatality	oti
fate	afaina
fated	fated
fateful	faʻaleagaina
fathead	lapoʻa
father	tama
fatherhood	tama
fatherland	tamā
fatherly	tama
fathom	faʻatusatusa
fatigue	vaivai
fatigued	vaivai
fatso	gaʻo
fatten	fatten
fatty	gaʻo
faucet	fagu
fault	sese
faultless	leai se pona
faulty	sese
faun	faun
fauna	fauna
faux	faux
favor	fiafia
favorable	lelei
favorite	fiafia i ai
favoriteholiday	NO TRANSLATION
favoritism	aloaʻia
fawn	fawn
fax	fax
faze	NO TRANSLATION
fear	fefe
feared	popole
fearful	mataʻu
fearfully	mataʻu
fearing	mataʻu
fearless	leai se fefe
fears	mataʻu
fearsome	mataʻutia
feasibility	mafai
feasible	mafai
feast	tausamaʻaga
feat	faʻaalia
feather	fulu
feathered	fulafula
feature	ata
features	foliga
febrile	febrile
fecal	feʻai
feces	feces
fecundity	feololo
fed	fafaga
federal	feterale
federation	faʻapotopotoga
fedup	NO TRANSLATION
fee	totogifuapauina
feeble	vaivai
feed	fafaga
feedback	manatu faaalia
feeder	fafaga
feel	lagona
feelgood	lagona
feeling	lagona
feelingdown	NO TRANSLATION
feelinggood	NO TRANSLATION
feet	vae
feign	feʻai
feigned	faʻamaonia
feisty	feinu
felicity	fiafia
feline	manu
fell	pa'ū
feller	tagata faʻatau
fellow	uso
fellowship	faaaumea
felon	felon
felony	felony
felt	lagona
female	fafine
feminine	tamaitai
femininity	feusuaʻiga
feminism	feminism
feminist	fafine
femme	NO TRANSLATION
femoral	femoral
femur	femur
fen	NO TRANSLATION
fence	puipui
fenced	puipui
fencing	poloka
fend	fend
fender	fender
fennel	fennel
ferment	faʻamalosi
fermentation	faʻamalosi
fern	fern
ferocious	feʻai
ferocity	feololo
ferret	ferret
ferry	faga
ferryboat	NO TRANSLATION
fertile	lafu
fertility	tamaoaiga
fertilize	faʻasusu
fertilizer	fuālaʻau
fervent	faʻamalosi
fervor	malosi
fess	fess
fest	faʻailoga
festival	tausamiga
festive	feʻai
fetal	fetal
fetch	fetch
fete	NO TRANSLATION
fetish	fetish
fetus	fetus
feud	feʻai
feudal	feudal
feudalism	feeseeseaiga
fever	fiva
feverish	fiva
fiancee	NO TRANSLATION
fiasco	fiasco
fiat	fiat
fib	fib
fiber	fiber
fiberglass	fiberglasses
fibrosis	fibrosis
fibrous	fibrous
fickle	faiva
fiction	fiction
fictional	fictional
fictitious	faʻamaonia
fiddle	faamaoni
fiddler	tausitusi
fidelity	faamaoni
fidgety	faʻamalosi
fiduciary	tausi mavaega
field	fanua
field hockey	fagasolo i le fanua
fielder	tagata faʻatau
fiend	fiend
fiendish	fiendish
fierce	leaga
fiery	mu
fiesta	fanafana
fiesty	NO TRANSLATION
fifteen	sefulu ma le lima
fifty	lima sefulu
fig	fig
fight	taua
fighter	fitafita
fighting	taua
fights	taua
figment	ata
figurative	faʻafaatusa
figure	ata
figurine	ata
filament	filament
filamentous	filamentous
file	faila
filet	filet
filibuster	fili
filigree	filigree
filing	failaina
filings	faila
fill	faʻatumu
filler	fufulu
fillet	fusi
filling	faʻatumu
filly	tumu
film	ata tifaga
filmmaker	filima
filmy	NO TRANSLATION
filter	faamama
filth	eleelea
filthy	eleelea
filtration	filiga
fin	NO TRANSLATION
final	mulimuli
finale	mulimuli
finalist	mulimuli
finality	mulimuli
finalize	faʻauma
finalized	faʻamaeʻa
finally	mulimuli ane
finance	tupe
financial	tupe
financier	tupe
finch	finch
find	maua
finder	saili
finding	sailiga
fine	lelei
finery	mea matagofie
finesse	finesse
finger	tamatamailima
fingernail	atigilima
fingerprint	tamatamailima
fingerscrossed	NO TRANSLATION
finish	maeʻa
finished	maeʻa
finite	maeʻa
fink	fink
fir	fir
fire	afi
firearm	fana
firearms	fana
fireball	fanafana
firecracker	fafie
firefight	fanafana
firefighter	tagata fuimu
firefly	uila
firehouse	fale afi
firelight	moli
fireman	tagata fai afi
fireplace	fafie
firepower	afi
fireproof	leai se afi
fireside	faeasaite
firestorm	mu
firewall	laupepa
firewood	fafie
firework	galuega mu
fireworks	afi
firing	fana
firm	kamupani
firmament	lagi
firmly	mausali
firmness	mausali
first	tulaga tasi
firstborn	ulumatua
firstworldprobs	NO TRANSLATION
fiscal	tupe
fish	iʻa
fisherman	tagata faifaiva
fishery	faigafaiva
fishing	faigafaiva
fishing boat	fagota
fishy	iʻa
fissile	fissile
fission	fission
fissure	fissure
fist	fusi
fistfight	fistfight
fistful	mataʻutia
fistula	fistula
fit	talafeagai
fitness	malosi
fits	talafeagai
fitted	fetaui
fitting	talafeagai
fittings	totoga
five	lima
fiver	fiver
fix	toe faaleleia
fixable	faʻapipiʻi
fixation	faʻapipiʻi
fixed	mautu
fixer	faʻapipiʻi
fixture	faʻatautau
fixtures	mea faʻapitoa
fizz	fizz
fjord	fjord
flabbergast	flabbergast
flabbergasted	faʻamaonia
flabby	faʻailoa
flaccid	sese
flag	fuʻa
flagging	fuʻa
flagpole	fuʻa
flagrant	mataʻutia
flagship	fuʻa
flagstaff	fuʻa
flair	lalelei
flak	sese
flake	flake
flaky	sese
flamboyant	flamboyant
flame	mumu
flamethrower	flamethrower
flaming	feʻilafi
flamingo	flamingo
flammable	flammable
flan	flan
flange	flange
flank	flank
flanked	faʻasolosolo
flanking	fulu
flannel	fulufulu mamoe
flap	sese
flapping	sasaa
flare	mumu
flares	lanu
flaring	faʻamaʻi
flash	moli
flashback	toe foʻi
flashing	faʻaleleia
flashlight	moliuila
flashy	faʻaleleia
flask	fana
flat	pala
flatbed	faʻamafola
flatfoot	faasee vae
flatness	faʻalelei
flatten	faʻamafola
flatter	faʻamafola
flattered	faʻamafola
flattering	faasee
flattery	faʻamaoni
flatulence	afaina
flaunt	sese
flavor	tofo
flaw	sese
flawed	sese
flawless	lē lelei
flea	fulu
fleabag	fleabag
fled	sola
flee	sosola
fleece	sosola
fleet	vaʻalele
fleeting	faʻavavevave
flesh	tino
fleshy	tino
flex	feusuaʻi
flexibility	fetuunai
flexible	fetuutuunai
flexin	fusi
flexion	fesuiaiga
flick	flick
flicker	flicker
flickering	feololo
flier	fana
flight	lele
flighty	sosola
flimsy	vaivai
flinch	flinch
fling	fling
flint	faʻailoga
flip	matala
flip flop	flop flop
flipper	flipper
flipping	fusi
flirt	fulufulu
flirtation	faʻaipoipo
flirting	fusi
flirty	feololo
float	felelei
floater	faʻailoga
flock	lafumanu
flog	flog
flood	lolovaia
floor	fola
flooring	fola
floozy	fuʻa
flop	flop
floppy	fuga
flora	fugalaau
floral	fugalaau
florist	fugalaau
floss	fuga
flotation	flottation
flounder	faʻafefe
flour	falaoamata
flourish	olaola
flow	tafe
flower	fugalaau
flowering	fugalaau
flowers	fugalaau
flowery	tafe
flows	tafe
flu	fulu
fluctuate	fesuiaʻi
fluctuating	fesuiaʻi
fluctuation	fesuiaiga
flue	faʻamaʻi
fluency	tomai
fluent	lelei
fluff	fulu
fluffy	fuga
fluid	suavai
fluidity	fluidity
fluke	fuʻa
flunk	fulu
flunky	feʻai
fluorescence	fesuisuiai
fluorescent	fesuisuiai
flurries	faʻailoga
flurry	faʻailoga
flush	fufulu
flustered	fusi
flute	fagufagu
fluted	fetogia
flutter	fesuiaʻi
fluvial	vaʻalele
flux	fesuiaiga
fly	felelei
flyboy	lele lele
flyer	lele
flying	felelei
flywheel	lele lele
foal	foal
foam	afu
foaming	foaming
foamy	foamy
fob	fob
focal	taulaʻi
focus	taulaʻi
fodder	meaʻai
foe	fili
fog	puao
foggy	foggy
foil	afifi
foiled	faʻaleagaina
fold	piilima
folded	gaugau
folder	faila
foliage	laʻau
folio	folio
folk	tagata
folklore	talaʻaga
follicle	folliki
follicular	follicular
follow	mulimuli
follower	tagata mulimuli
folly	valea
fond	fiafia
fondle	lalelei
fondling	fiafia
fondness	fiafia
fondue	fiafia
font	vai papatisoga
food	meaai
foodie	meaai
fool	vale
fooled	valea
foolhardy	valea
fooling	valea
foolish	valea
foolishness	valea
foolproof	valea
foot	vae
foot stool	nofoa vae
footage	ata
football	lakapi
footbridge	ala savali savali
foothold	vaevaega
footing	vaevaega
footlocker	vaevae
footloose	vaevaega
footpath	ala savali
footprint	vaevaega
footwear	seevae
footwork	vaevaega
fop	fop
forage	forage
foray	foray
forbearance	faapalepale
forbid	faasaina
forbidding	faasaina
force	malosi
forced	faamalosia
forceful	malosi
forceps	malosi
forces	malosiaga
forcibly	malosi
ford	malo
fore	muamua
forearm	muaʻi
foreboding	muaʻi fuafuaina
forecast	vaʻai
forecaster	muamua
foreclose	vaʻaia
foreclosure	faʻamalosi
forefathers	tuaa
forefinger	muaʻi lima
forefront	muamua
forego	muamua
foregoing	muamua
foregone	muamua
foreground	muamua le auala
forehead	muaulu
foreign	fafo
foreigner	tagata ese
foreman	faipule
foremost	muamua
forensic	tagata suʻesuʻe
forensics	tagata suʻesuʻe faʻapitoa
foreplay	muamua
forerunner	muamua
foresee	muai silafia
foreseen	muaʻi vaaia
foresight	mataala
forest	vaomatua
forestall	faʻamalosi
forethought	mafaufau muamua
foreveralone	nofoto'atasi e faavavau
forevermore	faavavau lava
forewarned	muai lapatai
foreword	muaʻi tautala
forfeit	faʻailoa
forfeited	faoa
forfeiture	faʻaaogaina
forge	faʻatau
forger	faʻatau
forgery	pepelo
forget	faagalo
forgetful	faagalo
forgetfulness	galo
forgive	faamagalo
forgiven	faʻamagaloina
forgiveness	faʻamagaloga
forgiving	faʻamagalo
forgotten	galo
fork	tui
forked	faʻamalosia
forking	faʻatau
forklift	faʻamalosi
forlorn	maualuga
form	fomu
formal	aloaia
formaldehyde	formaldehyde
formalism	aloaia
formality	aloaia
format	faatulagaga
formation	faʻavae
formative	faʻatulagaina
formed	faia
formidable	matua faigata
forming	faia
formless	leai se mea
formula	fua
formulary	faatulagaga
formulate	faʻavae
fornicate	faitaʻaga
fornication	faitaaga
forsake	lafoai
forsaken	lafoai
forsooth	faʻavae
fort	malosi
forte	NO TRANSLATION
forthcoming	o loʻo oʻo mai
forthright	saʻo
forthwith	i le taimi nei
fortification	faʻamalosi
fortify	puipui
fortitude	malosi
fortnight	lua vaiaso
fortnightly	lua vaiaso
fortress	malulu
fortuitous	faʻamaoni
fortunate	manuia
fortune	tamaoaiga
fortunes	manuia
forty	fasefulu
forum	fono
forward	luma
forwarding	auina atu
fossil	meaola
fossils	fossil
foul	leaga
found	maua
foundation	faavae
founder	faavae
founding	faavaeina
foundry	maua
fountain	punavai
four	fa
fourfold	fa fa
foursome	vaega e fa
fourteen	sefulu mal le fa
fourth	tulaga fa
fowl	moa
fox	fox
foxhole	foxhole
foxtrot	foxtrot
foxy	foxy
foyer	foyer
fraction	vaevaega
fractional	vaevaega
fracture	gau
fragile	vaivai
fragility	vaivai
fragment	vaega
fragmentary	vaevaega
fragrance	manogi
fragrant	manogi
frail	vaivai
frailty	vaivai
frame	fausaga
framework	auivi
franc	franc
franchise	faʻatagaina
frank	saʻo
frankenstorm	NO TRANSLATION
frankness	saʻo
frantic	popole
frantically	faʻanoanoa
frat	frat
fraternal	fraternal
fraternity	Usoga
fraud	pepelo
fraudulent	taufaasese
fraught	vaivai
fray	vaivai
frayed	fesuiaʻi
frazzled	le mautonu
freak	fati
freaked	faanatinati
freakedout	NO TRANSLATION
freakingout	NO TRANSLATION
freakish	faʻalavelave
freakout	fomaʻi
freaky	fati
freckle	freckle
free	saoloto
freebie	saoloto
freedom	saolotoga
freehold	fanua umia saoloto
freelance	saʻoloto
freelancer	freelancer
freely	saoloto
freeman	saoloto
freestyle	tamaʻitaʻi
freeway	alatele
freeze	goto
freezer	pusaaisa
freezing	le maalili
freight	uta
freighter	faʻaola
french horn	fulu faʻamau
frenetic	faʻailoga
frenzied	faʻailoa
frenzy	ita
frequency	taimi masani
frequent	masani
frequently	masani
fresco	fresco
fresh	fou
freshair	NO TRANSLATION
freshen	freshen
freshener	sulu
freshman	fou
freshness	fou
freshstart	freshstart
freshwater	vai fou
fret	faʻanoanoa
fretful	tiga
friar	friar
fricking	fricking
friction	feteenaiga
friday	Aso Faralie
fridge	pusaaisa
fried	falai
friend	uo
friendless	leai ni uo
friendliness	uo
friendly	faauo
friends	uo
friendship	faauoga
frigate	fugagate
friggen	NO TRANSLATION
fright	fefe
frighten	fefefe
frightened	fefefe
frightening	fefefe
frightful	fefefe
frigid	mālūlū
fringe	fuga
fringed	fuga
frisbee	frisbee
frisk	NO TRANSLATION
frisky	fisa
frivolous	leai se mea
frock	laei
frog	pulu
froggy	tioata
frolic	feololo
front	luma
frontage	luma
frontal	luma
frontier	tuaoi
fronting	luma
frontispiece	pito i luma
frost	sulu
frostbite	fugalaau
frosted	sulu
frosting	sulu
frosty	sulu
froth	fulu
frothy	frothy
frown	faauu
frowning	faʻavalea
frozen	faʻamaʻa
frugal	fualaau
fruit	fualaau suamalie
fruit punch	fualaau suamalie
fruitcake	fualaau aina suamalie
fruitful	fua tele
fruition	fua
fruitless	leai se aoga
fruits	fualaau suamalie
fruity	fua
frustrate	le fiafia
frustrated	le fiafia
frustrates	faʻalavelave
frustrating	faʻanoanoa
frustration	popole
fry	fuga
fryer	fulu
fuchsia	fuchsia
fuck	fufulu
fuckedoff	fuckedoff
fucker	fucker
fucking	fucking
fuckoff	fuckoff
fucksake	fucksake
fucktard	fuckardard
fuckyeah	fuckyeah
fudge	fudge
fuel	suauu
fugitive	tagata sola
fulcrum	atoa
fulfill	faataunuu
fulfilled	faataunuuina
fulfilling	faataunuuina
fulfillment	taunuʻuga
full	atoa
fullback	toe foʻi
fullness	atoatoa
fully	atoatoa
fulsome	atoatoa
fumble	faasee
fume	fume
fumigation	fumigation
fumin	NO TRANSLATION
fuming	fufulu
fun	malie
function	galuega
functional	galue
fund	tupe
fundamental	taua
fundamentalist	tagata taʻutaʻua
fundamentally	faavae
funday	tupe maua
funding	faʻatupega
fundraiser	faaputugatupe
fundraising	faʻatupeina
funds	tupe
funeral	falelauasiga
fungus	malie
funk	malie
funky	malie
funnel	toso
funny	malie
fur	fulufulu
furious	ita tele
furiously	ita tele
furlong	mamao mamao
furlough	faʻailoa
furnace	ogaumu
furnish	fafaga
furnishings	meafale
furniture	meafale
furor	uila
furrow	uʻu
furry	faʻanoanoa
furtherance	faʻateleina
fury	toʻasā
fuse	fusi
fuselage	fuselage
fusion	fusuaga
fuss	fuss
fussy	fussy
fustrated	NO TRANSLATION
futile	leai se aoga
futility	valea
futon	futon
future	lumanaʻi
fuzz	fuzz
fuzzy	vaivai
gab	NO TRANSLATION
gaby	gaso
gad	gad
gadget	gadget
gaff	gaff
gag	gag
gaga	gaga
gage	tauva
gaggle	gaioiga
gahhh	NO TRANSLATION
gaiety	agaalofa
gain	maua
gainful	manuia
gaining	mauaina
gait	gait
gal	gal
gala	gala
galactic	galactic
galaxy	galaxy
gale	gao
gall	gall
gallant	taua
gallantry	gaioiga
gallbladder	gallbladder
galled	taloina
gallery	ata
galley	televise
gallon	gallon
gallop	feosofi
galloping	feosofi
gallows	galulu
galore	galo
galvanic	galvanic
gamble	taʻavale
gambler	tagata taʻavale
gambling	taaloga faitupe
game	taaloga
gameday	i le va
gametime	gametime
gaming	taaloga
gamma	gamma
gammon	au
gamut	fetaui
gander	gander
gang	gang
gangland	gangland
gangrene	gangrene
gangster	gangster
gangway	taʻavale
gaol	gaol
gap	avanoa
gape	gape
gaping	gaping
garage	fale taʻavale
garb	ofu
garbage	otaota
garbled	lapisi
garden	togalaau
gardener	fai togalaau
gardening	togalaau
gardens	togalaau
gargle	taofiofi
gargoyle	gargoyle
garish	fufulu
garlic	garlic
garment	lavalava
garner	meaʻai
garnet	faunet
garnish	teuteu
garrison	leoleo
garter	teu
gas	kesi
gaseous	gasegase
gash	gaʻo
gasification	faʻamamaina
gasket	ufi
gasoline	penisini
gasp	solo
gasping	sulu
gassy	gassy
gastric	gase
gastronomy	gastronomy
gate	faitotoa
gatekeeper	leoleo faitotoa
gateway	faitotoa
gather	faapotopoto
gatherer	potopotoga
gathering	faapotopoto
gator	tagata faʻatau
gatorade	gatorade
gauche	NO TRANSLATION
gaudy	gaudy
gauge	fua
gauging	faʻatauina
gaunt	gaogao
gauntlet	gauntlet
gauze	gau
gavel	tala
gawk	gawk
gay	gay
gaze	mata
gazebo	gazebo
gazelle	gazelle
gazette	siaki
gazetteer	tagata solitulafono
gazillion	gasegase
gazing	matamata
gear	kesi
geek	geek
geeky	geeky
geez	geez
geezer	geezer
geisha	geisha
gel	gel
gelatin	gelatin
geld	NO TRANSLATION
gelding	gelding
gem	togi
gemini	gemini
gender	itupa
genealogy	gafa
general	lautele
generality	lautele lautele
generalization	faʻamatalaga lautele
generally	masani
generate	gaosia
generation	augatupulaga
generative	gafa
generator	generator
generic	lautele
generosity	agalelei
generous	agaalofa
genesis	genesis
genetic	kenera
genetics	genetics
genial	genial
genie	genie
genital	tino
genitalia	genitalia
genius	atamai
genocide	fasioti tagata
genome	genome
genre	ituaiga
gent	agalelei
genteel	genteel
gentile	nuu ese
gentle	agamalu
gentleman	alii
gentlemanly	tagata
gentleness	agamalu
gently	filemu
gentry	gentry
genuine	moni
genus	genus
geographic	faʻafanua
geographical	faʻafanua
geography	geography
geological	faʻafanua
geologist	geologist
geology	geology
geometric	geometric
geometry	geometry
geranium	geranium
gerbil	siama
geriatric	geriatric
germ	siama
german	Siamani
germane	germane
germinate	faʻamalosi
germination	siama
germs	siama
gestation	gestation
gesture	taga
get	maua
getaway	alu ese
getoverit	NO TRANSLATION
getoveryourself	NO TRANSLATION
getup	tu i luga
getyourown	e faʻamalosi
ghastly	pepelo
ghetto	ghetto
ghost	agaga
ghostly	ghostly
ghoul	ghoul
giant	lapoa
gibberish	ufiufi
giddy	falemaʻi
gift	meaalofa
gifted	faʻafetai
gifts	meaalofa
gig	lanu
gigantic	telefoni
giggle	tafaoga
giggles	tafa
giggling	talie
gigolo	lapoʻa
gilded	gilded
gill	gill
gills	fua
gilt	faʻapipiʻi
gimmick	gimmick
gimp	gimp
gin	gin
ginger	togi
gingerbread	paluga falaoa
gingerly	faʻamalosi
ginseng	ginseng
giraffe	selu
girder	fusi
girdle	fusi
girl	teine
girlfriend	uo teine
girlie	girlie
girlish	fuga
girly	fusi
girth	fusi
gist	matala
give	avatu
giveaway	ave ese
giver	NO TRANSLATION
giving	tuʻuina atu
gizmo	gizmo
gizzard	gasegase
glabrous	glabrous
glacial	matagofie
glacier	tioata
glad	fiafia
glade	pupula
gladiator	o le koa
gladness	fiafia
glamorous	manaia
glamour	uila
glance	tepa
gland	gland
glare	sulu
glaring	sulu
glass	tioata
glasses	tioata
glassware	tioata
glaucoma	glaucoma
glaze	pupula
glazed	sulu
gleam	tioata
gleaming	susulu
glean	selesele
glee	fufulu
gleeful	sili atu le fiafia
glen	glen
glib	glib
glide	tafe
glider	sosolo
glimmer	malamalama
glimpse	ata
glint	sosoʻo
glisten	glisten
glitch	sulu
glitter	le pupula
glittering	e susulu
gloat	fiafia
global	lalolagi uma
globe	lalolagi atoa
globular	lalolagi atoa
gloom	pogisa
gloomy	faanoanoa
glorification	mamalu
glorified	faamamaluina
glorify	viia
glorious	mamalu
glory	mamalu
gloss	faʻafiafia
glossary	otootoga
glossy	faʻafiafia
glove	totigilima
gloves	totigilima
glow	moli
glowing	susulu
glucose	glucose
glue	kelu
glum	leai se mea
glut	faʻatau
gluten	paʻu
glutton	faʻatau
gluttony	'aiʻona
glycerin	glycerin
gnat	gnat
gnome	gnome
go	alu
goal	sini
goalie	goalie
goals	sini
goat	'oti
goatee	malo
gob	gob
gobble	feʻau
goblet	fana
goblin	fana
god	atua
godbless	NO TRANSLATION
goddamn	atuadamn
goddamned	faʻamaonia
goddess	atua fafine
godfather	atua atua
godforsaken	atuaforsaken
godisgood	atuaisgood
godisgreat	NO TRANSLATION
godless	leai se atua
godlike	atua
godly	amio Atua
godmother	tinamatua
godsend	atuaend
godson	atuasolo
gofuckyourself	gofuckyourself
goggle	tauvaga
goggles	matagi
gold	auro
golden	auro
goldfish	auro auro
golf	tapolo
golfer	golfer
golfing	taʻaloga
gondola	gondola
gone	leai
goner	fatu
gong	NO TRANSLATION
gonorrhea	gonorrhea
goo	goo
goober	feʻau
good	lelei
goodbye	tofa
goodday	manuia le aso
goodfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
goodhealth	NO TRANSLATION
goodie	lelei
goodies	lelei
goodlife	ola lelei
goodly	lelei
goodmood	NO TRANSLATION
goodmorning	manuia le taeao
goodmusic	fiafiaga
goodness	lelei
goodnews	lelei tele
goods	oloa
goodtimes	taimi lelei
goodvibes	NO TRANSLATION
goodwill	agalelei
goody	lelei
gooey	taʻavale
goof	goof
goofball	goofball
goofy	goofy
goon	fai fai ai pea
gooood	gooood
goop	goop
goose	kusi
gopher	goa
gore	gore
gorge	logo
gorgeous	matagofie
gorilla	gorila
gory	gory
gospel	talalelei
gossip	faitatala
gothic	gothic
gouge	gouge
goulash	goulash
gourd	gourd
gourmet	fualaau suamalie
gout	gout
govern	pule
governess	pule
governing	puleaina
government	malo
governmental	malo
governor	kovana
gown	laei
grab	puʻe
grace	alofa tunoa
graceful	agalelei
gracias	NO TRANSLATION
gracious	agalelei
graciously	agalelei
grad	NO TRANSLATION
gradation	gradation
grade	vasega
graded	fuaina
grader	faila
grades	togi
gradient	fugafulu
gradschool	NO TRANSLATION
gradual	faifai malie
gradually	faasolosolo malie
graduate	faauu
graduation	faauuga
graffiti	graffiti
graft	sulu
grail	grail
grain	fatu
gram	gram
grammar	kalama
grand	tele
grand theft auto	o le gaoi mea taavale
grandchild	fanau tama
grandchildren	fanau a fanau
granddad	Petipo
granddaddy	tama matua
granddaughter	afafine a le afafine
grandeur	mamalu
grandfather	tamamatua
grandiose	grandiose
grandma	tinamatua
grandmother	tinamatua
grandpa	tama matua
grandson	tama tama
grandstand	nofoaafi
grange	faʻailoga
granite	penisini
granny	tinati
granola	granola
grant	faʻataga
granted	faʻatagaina
grantee	faʻatagaina
grantor	tagata faameaalofa
granular	maʻalaʻau
granule	faletini
grape	vine
grape juice	vine sua
grapefruit	vine
grapes	vine
grapevine	vine
graph	kalafi
graphic	kalafi
graphics	ata
graphite	graphite
grapple	osofaia
grappling	faʻanoanoa
grasp	uu
grasping	uu
grass	mutia
grasshopper	sē
grassy	mutia
grate	faafetai
grated	salu
grateful	faafetai
gratification	faamalieina
gratified	faʻamalieina
gratify	faʻamalie
gratifying	faʻamalieina
grating	togiina
gratis	NO TRANSLATION
gratitude	faafetai
gratuitous	saoloto
gratuity	tupe maua
grave	tuugamau
gravel	iliili
graver	NO TRANSLATION
graveyard	tuugamau
gravitate	siaki
gravitation	faʻasologa
gravitational	fetaui lelei
gravity	mamafa
gravy	fuvy
gray	lanu efuefu
graze	taumafa
grease	gaʻo
greased	suauu
greaser	suauu
greasy	suauʻu
great	matagofie
great anticipation	matua fiafia
great aunt	tina matua
great disgust	leaga tele
great grandfather	tama matua
great grandma	tina matua
great grandmother	tinamatua matua
great grandpa	tama matua matua
great surprise	ofo tele
great trust	tele le faʻatuatuaga
great uncle	tuagane matua
greatday	NO TRANSLATION
greater	tele
greatest	sili
greatfriends	NO TRANSLATION
greatful	NO TRANSLATION
greatly	tele
greatly negative	matua le lelei
greatly positive	matua lelei
greatness	maoae
greatnight	NO TRANSLATION
greed	matapeʻapeʻa
greedy	matapeʻapeʻa
green	lanu meamata
green bean	lanumeamata lanumeamata
green pepper	lanu meamata
green snake	lanumeamata lanumeamata
greenhouse	greenhouse
greenish	lanumeamata
greenwood	greenwood
greet	faʻafeiloai
greeted	faʻafeiloai
greeting	faʻafeiloaiga
gregarious	sili atu
grenade	pulu
grey	lanu efuefu
greyhound	mataʻitusi
grid	faasologa
gridiron	gridiron
grief	faanoanoaga
grievance	faitioga
grieve	faanoanoa
grieved	faanoanoa
grieving	faanoanoa
grievous	mamafa
griffin	fuga
grill	togi
grille	togi
grilled	gaosia
grim	leaga
grime	meaʻai
grimy	leaga
grin	olo
grind	olo
grinder	tagata fai mea
grinding	olo
grindstone	maʻa
gringo	gringo
grip	pipii
gripe	mataʻutia
grisly	mataʻutia
grist	faʻailoga
grit	grit
grits	grits
gritty	gritty
grizzly	grizzly
groan	tagi
grocer	faʻailoa
groceries	faleoloa
grocery	faleoloa
groggy	teu
groin	le fiafia
groom	tamaʻitaʻi
groove	togavao
groovy	taula
grope	tauva
gross	leaga
grotesque	faʻataʻavale
grotto	toga
grouch	tagi
grouchy	faʻanoanoa
ground	eleele
grounded	faʻavaeina
groundhog	masini
grounding	faʻavae
groundless	leai se mea
grounds	mafuaaga
groundwork	eleele
group	vaega
groupie	vaega
grouping	faʻavaega
grouse	faʻatau
grout	tala
grove	togavao
grovel	teuga
grow	tupu
growl	sosolo
growling	sosolo
growls	uila
grownup	tuputupu ae
growth	tuputupu aʻe
growthefuckup	Growthefuckup
grr	grr
grrr	manogi
grrrrr	mea manogi
grub	fala
grubby	fuga
grudge	ita
grudging	faʻanoanoa
grudgingly	faʻanoanoa
gruel	manu
grueling	le manaia
gruesome	mataʻutia
gruff	gruff
grumble	faitio
grump	muimui
grumpy	muimui
grunt	grunt
grunting	grunting
guacamole	guacamole
guano	guano
guarantee	faʻamaoniga
guaranty	faʻamaoni
guard	leoleo
guarded	leoleo
guardhouse	leoleo
guardian	leoleo
guardianship	leoleo
guards	leoleo
gubernatorial	pulepule
guerilla	NO TRANSLATION
guerrilla	guerrilla
guess	mate
guesser	matemate
guesswork	matemate
guest	malolo
guesthouse	faletalimalo
guidance	taiala
guide	taʻiala
guidebook	tusitaiala
guidelines	taiala
guiding	taiala
guild	guild
guile	taufaasese
guillotine	guillotine
guilt	tausalaina
guilty	tausalaina
guinea	Guinea
guise	faʻatau
guitar	kitara
guitarist	guitarist
gules	gule
gulf	vanu
gull	gogo
gullet	pulu
gullible	faʻaseseina
gully	gully
gulp	gulp
gum	pulu
gumbo	gumbo
gummy	fuga
gumption	mea leaga
gun	fana
gunboat	fana
gunfight	fana
gunfighter	fana
gunfire	fana
gunk	fana
gunman	fana
gunmen	fana
gunner	fana
gunnery	fana
gunplay	fana
gunpoint	fana
gunpowder	fana
gunshot	fana
gunslinger	fana fana
gurney	taʻavale
guru	guru
gush	gutu
gusher	sili atu
gusset	gusset
gust	gust
gusto	NO TRANSLATION
gusty	gusty
gut	gutu
gutless	leai se aoga
guts	togi
gutsy	faʻafefete
gutter	gutter
guy	tagata
guzzler	guzzler
guzzling	faʻanoanoa
gym	faletaalo
gymnasium	fale taʻavale
gymnast	tagata taʻalo
gymnastic	gymnastic
gymnastics	gymnastics
gynecologist	gynnecologist
gynecology	gynecology
gypsy	gypsy
gyroscope	gyroscope
habit	masani
habitat	nofofale
habitation	fale
habitual	masani
habitually	masani
hacienda	hacienda
hack	hack
hacker	tagata e faʻaaogaina
hacksaw	hacksaw
hadenough	NO TRANSLATION
hag	hag
haggard	mataʻu
haggle	taʻaloga
haiku	haiku
hail	uatoʻa
hair	lauulu
hairball	lauulu polo
hairbrush	lauulu
haircut	lauulu lauulu
hairdo	lauulu
hairdresser	tagata laulu
hairdryer	lauulu lauulu
hairless	lauulu
hairline	lauulu
hairpin	lauulu
hairspray	fulufulu lauulu
hairstyle	lauulu ulu
hairy	lauulu
hale	fale
half	afa
half dollar	afa tala
halfback	afa
halftime	faʻauʻuga
halfway	afa afa
halibut	faʻailo
hall	fale talimalo
hallelujah	Aleluia
hallmark	iloga
hallowed	paia
hallucination	faʻailoga
hallway	alatele
halo	halo
halt	taofi
halter	faʻauʻu
halting	taofi
halve	faʻauʻu
halving	taofi
ham	ham
hamburger	hamburger
hamlet	fale
hammer	hama
hammerhead	hamamele
hammering	maʻa
hammock	sopo
hamper	faʻafefe
hamster	hamster
hamstring	hamstring
hand	lima
handbag	ato
handball	taʻalo polo
handbook	tusitaulima
handcuff	fafafusi
handful	lima
handgun	fana
handheld	lima lima
handicap	faʻafitauli
handicapped	faʻafitauli
handicraft	tusitusi lima
handiwork	lima lima
handkerchief	solosolo
handle	lima
handler	lima
handmade	faia lima
handout	pepa tufa
handprint	mapusaga
handshake	alofilima
handsome	matagofie
handwriting	lima tusitusi
handy	lima
handyman	lima lima
hang	tautau
hangar	hangar
hanger	tautau
hanging	tautau
hangman	hangman
hangout	tafaofao
hangover	tautau
hangry	tautau
hank	hank
hankering	faʻanoanoa
hanky	faʻailoga
hap	NO TRANSLATION
haphazard	faʻaleagaga
hapless	le fiafia
happen	tupu
happening	tupu
happier	fiafia
happiest	sili ona fiafia
happily	fiafia
happiness	fiafia
happy	fiafia
happydance	fiafiaga
happyday	fiafia
happyheart	fiafia
happyholidays	NO TRANSLATION
happynewyear	NO TRANSLATION
happyplace	NO TRANSLATION
happytweet	NO TRANSLATION
happyvalentinesday	NO TRANSLATION
harass	faʻalavelave
harassing	faʻanoanoa
harassment	faʻalavelave
harbinger	harbinger
harbor	uta
hard	faigata
hardball	malolo
hardcore	malosi
harden	faʻamalosi
hardened	faʻamaʻaʻa
hardening	faʻamaʻa
hardheaded	malosi le ulu
hardness	faigata
hardship	faigata
hardware	meafaigaluega
hardwood	pala
hardworking	galue malosi
hardy	faigata
hare	hare
harebrained	taloina
harem	harem
hark	faʻalavelave
harlot	fafine talitane
harm	afaina
harmful	leaga
harmless	leai se leaga
harmonica	harmonica
harmonics	malie
harmonious	fealofani
harmoniously	tutusa
harmonize	fetaui lelei
harmony	lotogatasi
harness	taofiga
harp	harp
harper	faʻasalaga
harpoon	ia
harpsichord	mea manogi
harrowing	atuatuvale
harry	harry
harsh	leaga
harshness	malosi
hart	lapisi
harvest	seleselega
hash	aʻafia
hashish	ita
hassle	aʻafiaga
haste	faanatinati
hasten	faanatinati
hastily	vave
hasty	faanatinati
hat	pulou
hatch	talatala
hatchet	taofi
hate	inoino
hateeee	NO TRANSLATION
hateeveryone	NO TRANSLATION
hateful	inoino
hater	inoino
hateyou	NO TRANSLATION
hating	inoino
hatred	inoino
haughty	faamaualuga
haul	toso
haulage	faʻalavelave
haunt	faʻasolosolo
haunted	faʻanoanoa
have	i ai
haven	fale talitutusa
havoc	mala
haw	haw
hawk	hawk
hawking	hawking
hay	NO TRANSLATION
haye	faʻafeiloaʻi
hayride	hayride
haystack	haystack
haywire	haywire
hazard	lamatiaga
hazardous	matautia
haze	vevesi
hazmat	hazmat
hazy	ita
head	ulu
headache	tiga o le ulu
headaches	ulu matua
headband	ulu ulu
headdress	ulutala
header	ulutala
headgear	ulu
heading	ulutala
headland	ulu
headless	leai se ulu
headlight	susulu malamalama
headline	ulutala
headliner	ulu
headlock	ulutala
headlong	muamua
headmaster	pule sili
headphones	faila
headquarter	ofisa autu
headquarters	ofisa autu
headset	ulu
headstone	maaʻauʻau
headstrong	ulu
headway	ulu
heady	ulu
heal	faʻamalolo
healer	tagata faʻamaʻi
healing	faamalologa
health	soifua maloloina
healthcare	soifua lelei
healthful	soifua maloloina
healthy	soifua maloloina
heap	faaputuga
hear	faalogo
hearer	tagata faʻalogo
hearing	faʻalogo
hearsay	faalogoga
hearse	fomaʻi
heart	loto
heart disease	fatu fatu
heartache	lototiga
heartattack	NO TRANSLATION
heartbeat	fatu fatu
heartbreak	loto nutimomoia
heartbreaker	fatu fatu
heartbreaking	loto nutimomoia
heartbroken	loto nutimomoia
heartburn	toso
hearted	loto fiafia
heartfelt	loto momomo
hearth	fale
heartily	loto fiafia
heartland	loto
heartless	leai se loto
hearts	loto
heartsick	fatu
heartworm	loto momomo
hearty	loto fiafia
heat	vevela
heated	vevela
heater	vevela
heath	heath
heathen	tagata faapaupau
heather	Heather
heating	faʻamafanafana
heave	teu
heaven	lagi
heavenly	faalelagi
heavens	lagi
heavily	malosi
heaviness	mamafa
heaving	faʻalogo
heavy	mamafa
heavy metal	mamafa mamafa
heavyweight	mamafa mamafa
heck	lemu
hectares	heta
hectic	faʻamalosi
hedge	puipui
hedgehog	paʻu
hedonism	faʻauʻu
hee	ia
heed	gauai
heel	mulivae
heels	mulivae
heft	gaogao
hefty	maualuluga
hegemonic	lemoni
heheh	NO TRANSLATION
heifer	teine
height	maualuga
heighten	maualuga
heightened	faateleina
heinous	talofa
heir	suli
heiress	tamaʻitaʻi
heirloom	faʻapitoa
heirs	suli
heist	faʻasalaga
helical	faʻamaonia
helicopter	helikopa
helipad	Helipad
heliport	Heliport
helium	helium
helix	helix
hell	seoli
hellfire	afi afi
hellhole	seoli
hellish	seoli
helm	foe
helmet	pulou
helmsman	tagata faʻailoa
help	fesoasoani
helper	fesoasoani
helpful	fesoasoani
helpless	leai se fesoasoani
helplessness	leai se aoga
hem	NO TRANSLATION
hematite	Hematite
hematoma	hematoma
hemi	Hemi
hemisphere	lalolagi
hemispheric	leoleo
hemlock	otaota
hemoglobin	hemoglobin
hemorrhage	afaina
hemorrhoids	otaota
hemostat	matua
hemp	Hemp
hen	NO TRANSLATION
henceforth	mai le taimi nei
henhouse	henhouse
hepatitis	hepatitis
herald	failauga
heraldry	taulaʻi
herb	vao
herbaceous	valea
herbal	otaota
herbarium	otaota
herbs	otaota
herd	lafumanu
hereditary	faʻavae
heredity	faʻamaoni
heresy	pepelo
heretic	pepelo
heretical	faʻafesoʻotaʻi
heretofore	muamua
hereunto	iinei
herewith	iinei
heritage	measina
hermaphrodite	hermaphrodite
hermeneutics	tamaʻitaʻi
hermit	ia
hernia	palanaia
hero	toa
heroic	totoa
heroics	toa
heroin	heroin
heroine	heroine
heroism	lototoa
herpes	herpes
herpesvirus	herpesvirus
herring	togafiti
hertz	hertz
hesitant	atuatuvale
hesitate	le mautonu
hesitating	le mautonu
hesitation	le mautonu
hetero	hetero
heterogeneity	faʻaʻeseʻesega
heterosexual	tamaʻitaʻi
hew	talo
hex	hex
hexagon	Hexagon
heyday	talofa
hiatus	hiatus
hibernate	sulu
hibernation	sulufaʻi
hiccup	faʻalogo
hick	liki
hickey	tauvaga
hickory	Hickory
hidden	natia
hide	natia
hideaway	faʻailoa
hideous	natia
hideout	natia
hiding	natia
hierarchical	faʻatulagaina
hierarchy	puleʻaga
hieroglyphics	tusitusiga o ata anamua
high	maualuga
high heels	muli uumi
highball	togi maualuga
higher	maualuga
highest	maualuga
highland	maualuga
highlands	mauga maualuga
highlight	faailoga
highness	maualuga
hight	maualuga
hightail	maualuga maualuga
highway	auala tele
hijack	sopo
hijacker	hijacker
hike	sopo
hiker	tagata faimalaga
hiking	sopo
hiking boot	sopo savaliga
hilarious	sulu
hilarity	hilarity
hill	mauga
hillside	mauga
hilltop	mauga
hilly	sulu
hilt	hilt
hind	u
hinder	taofi
hindering	taofi
hindrance	faʻalavelave
hindsight	mataʻituina
hinge	toso
hint	faʻamanatu
hinterland	uta
hip	lafu
hip hop	hip hop
hippie	hippie
hippo	sulu
hippopotamus	hiopopotamus
hire	totogi
hirsute	sisi
hiss	lona
hissing	faʻanoanoa
histology	talafaasolopito
historian	tusia talafaasolopito
historic	talafaasolopito
historical	talafaasolopito
historiography	talafaasolopito
history	talafaasolopito
hit	lave
hitch	toso
hitchhike	toso
hitchhiker	sopo
hitherto	e oo mai i le taimi nei
hitter	mapu
hive	tolauapiga
hives	sulu
hoard	faʻailoga
hoarse	uila
hoary	uila
hoax	uila
hob	ub
hobbit	faʻafiafiaga
hobby	fiafiaga
hobo	hobo
hock	faʻailoga
hockey	hockey
hoe	NO TRANSLATION
hog	puaa
hogwash	uila
hohoho	NO TRANSLATION
hoist	sosolo
hokey	hokey
hold	taofi
holder	umia
holding	taofi
holdup	taofi i luga
hole	pu
holiday	aso malolo
holidays	aso malolo
holidayseason	NO TRANSLATION
holiness	paia
holistic	atoa
holler	toilalo
hollow	toso
holly	valea
holocaust	taulaga mu
hologram	hologram
holographic	faasolosolo
holster	mamanu
holy	paia
holyspirit	NO TRANSLATION
homage	faʻaaloalo
hombre	NO TRANSLATION
hombres	NO TRANSLATION
home	aiga
homeboy	homeboy
homecoming	toe foʻi mai
homeland	aiga
homeless	leai se fale
homely	le fiafia
homemade	fale
homeopathic	homeopathic
homeopathy	homeopathy
homeowner	tagata e ona le fale
homeroom	aiga
homesick	maʻi fale
homestead	fale
homesweethome	aiga moni
hometown	nuu
homeward	aiga
homework	meaaoga
homey	aiga
homicidal	faʻatau
homicide	fasioti tagata
homily	faʻaaloalo
homing	faʻafefe
hominy	faʻalelei
homo	homo
homogeneity	homogeneity
homogeneous	tutusa
homologous	tutusa
homologue	homologue
homology	homology
homophobic	homophobic
homosexual	homosexuality
homosexuality	homosexuality
honcho	Samoa
hone	u
honest	faamaoni
honesty	faamaoni
honey	meli
honeycomb	honeycomb
honeymoon	honeymoon
honeysuckle	honeysuckle
honk	mamalu
honky	mamalu
honor	mamalu
honorable	mamalu
honorarium	faʻailogaina
honorary	mamalu
honored	faamamaluina
hooch	faanatinati
hood	ata
hooded	ufiufi
hoodlum	hoodlum
hoof	fao
hook	matau
hooked	faʻatau
hooker	matau
hookup	fetaui ane
hooky	faʻatau
hooligan	sulu
hoop	afaina
hoopla	Hoopla
hooray	solo
hoot	toso
hooter	faʻafeiloaʻi
hop	moli
hope	faamoemoe
hopeful	faamoemoe
hopeless	leai se faamoemoe
hopelessness	leai se faamoemoe
hopes	faamoemoe
hoping	faamoemoe
hopper	sosolo
horde	vete
horizon	tafailagi
horizontal	tafaʻi
horizontally	i le taamilosaga
hormonal	faʻamalo
hormone	hormone
horn	pu
horned	totoa
hornet	hornet
horny	vevela
horoscope	faʻasolosolo
horrendous	mataʻutia
horrible	mataʻutia
horribly	mataʻutia
horrid	mataʻutia
horrific	mataʻutia
horrified	fefe
horrifying	taufaamatau
horror	fefe
horrors	mataʻutia
horse	solofanua
horseback	solofanua
horseman	solofanua
horsepower	solofanua
horseradish	vevela
horseshit	horseshit
horseshoe	solofanua solofanua
horsey	solofanua
horticultural	laufanua
horticulture	faʻatoʻaga
hosannah	NO TRANSLATION
hose	pulupulu
hosiery	uila
hospice	falemai
hospitable	fale talimalo
hospital	falemai
hospitality	talimālō
host	talimalo
hostage	faʻaupu
hostel	fale talimalo
hostess	talimalo
hostile	ita
hostilities	osofaiga
hostility	ita
hot	vevela
hot sauce	vevela vevela
hotbed	vevela
hotdog	sosisi faapani
hotel	faletalimalo
hothead	fale
hotline	hotline
hotshot	lata mai
hotyoga	NO TRANSLATION
hound	toso
hour	itula
hourglass	itula tioata
hourly	itula
house	fale
houseboat	faletalimalo
houseboy	falemaʻa
housebroken	fale faʻasalaga
houseguest	aiga
household	aiga
householder	tagata e ona le fale
housekeeper	tagata tausi fale
housekeeping	fale tausi
housewarming	faʻailoga
housewife	faletua
housework	galuega i fale
housing	fale
hovel	uu
hover	toso
hovercraft	vaalele
howl	aue
howsoever	pe o le a lava
hoy	NO TRANSLATION
hub	ulu
hubby	faʻapipiʻi
huckleberry	huckleberry
huddle	faʻaipoipo
hue	fatu
huff	huff
huffy	ufi
hug	fusi
huge	tele
hugger	fusi
huggy	fusi
hugs	afifi
hulk	feʻau
hull	fua
hum	susu
human	tagata
humane	tagata
humanitarian	fesoasoani agaalofa
humanities	humanities
humanity	tagata
humankind	tagata soifua
humanoid	agamalu
humanrights	NO TRANSLATION
humble	lotomaualalo
humbled	faamaualalo
humbly	agamalu
humbug	humbug
humdrum	agamalū
humid	susu
humidity	susu
humiliate	faalumaina
humiliated	faalumaina
humiliating	faalumaina
humiliation	faalumaina
humility	lotomaualalo
hummer	hummer
hummingbird	hummingbird
humongous	pese
humor	malie
humored	faʻanoanoa
humorist	tagata malie
humorous	malie
hump	ulamu
humpback	humpback
hunch	tulimanu
hunchback	tulimanu
hundred	selau
hundredth	selau
hunger	fiaai
hungry	fiaaai
hunk	soso
hunks	tulimanu
hunky	tuli
hunt	tuli
hunter	tulimanu
hunting	tulimanu
huntress	tulituliloa
hurdle	osofaʻi
hurl	sasa
hurrah	faʻailoa
hurricane	afā
hurricanes	afā
hurried	faanatinati
hurry	faanatinati
hurryup	NO TRANSLATION
hurt	tiga
hurtful	tiga
hurting	faatiga
husband	tane
husbandry	faifaatoaga
hush	ita
hushed	ita
husk	NO TRANSLATION
husky	faʻafefe
hussy	lisa
hustle	toso
hustler	sulu
hut	fale
hutch	Hutch
hyacinth	hyacinth
hybrid	uʻamea
hydra	hydra
hydrant	mamā
hydrate	faʻamalolo
hydraulic	hydraulic
hydraulics	hydraulics
hydrocephalus	hydrocephalus
hydrodynamics	hydrodynamics
hydrogen	hydrogen
hydrographic	hydrographic
hydrology	hydrology
hydrophobia	vaifofo
hydroponics	hydroponics
hyena	hyena
hygiene	tumama
hygienic	mamā
hygienist	tausimaʻi
hymen	alii
hymn	pese
hype	hype
hyped	faʻapipiʻi
hyper	hyper
hyperactive	vaʻaia
hyperbole	hyperbole
hyperspace	vaʻavaʻa
hypertension	toto maualuga
hypertrophy	hypertrophy
hyperventilate	osofaʻi faʻasalaga
hyperventilating	hyperventilating
hyphen	leo
hypnosis	hypnosis
hypnotic	hypnotic
hypnotist	hypnotist
hypnotize	faʻapitoa
hypnotized	faʻamamaina
hypochondriac	hypochondriac
hypocrisy	pepelo
hypocrite	pepelo
hypocritical	pepelo
hypodermic	hypodermic
hypothalamus	faʻalogo
hypothermia	le maalili
hypothesis	vaʻaiga
hypothetical	mafaufauga
hysterectomy	hysterectomy
hysteria	faʻamaʻi
hysterical	faʻatau
ibuprofen	ibuprofen
ice	aisa
ice tea	aisa
iceberg	iceberg
icebox	aisa
icebreaker	aisa
iced	togi
icing	togi
icky	icky
icon	icon
iconic	faʻamalo
iconography	faʻamatalaga
icy	au
id	id
idea	manatu
ideal	lelei
idealism	manatu lelei
idealist	tagata sili
idealistic	mea lelei
identical	tutusa
identically	iloa lelei
identification	faʻamaoniga
identify	faailoa
identity	faasinomaga
ideology	talitonuga
idiocy	valea
idiom	tala
idiomatic	manatu
idiot	valea
idiotic	valea
idiots	faʻailoga
idle	leai se mea
idleness	paie
idler	valea
idol	tupua
idolatry	ifo i tupua
idolizing	faʻaseseina
idyllic	e le mautonu
iffy	iffy
ifonly	pe afai
igloo	igloo
igneous	agaleaga
ignite	mumu
ignition	lili
ignorance	valea
ignorant	valea
ignore	le amanaiaina
iguana	iguana
ihatespiders	NO TRANSLATION
ilk	NO TRANSLATION
ill	maʻi
illegal	le tulafono
illegality	solitulafono
illegally	e le tusa ai ma le tulafono
illegible	faʻamalosia
illegitimate	faʻamaonia
illicit	faʻamaonia
illiterate	lē faʻamatalaina
illness	maʻi
illogical	le tala
illuminate	malamalama
illuminating	malamalama
illumination	malamalama
illuminator	faʻamalamalama
illusion	pepelo
illustrate	faʻamaonia
illustration	ata tusi
illustrative	faʻamatalaga
illustrious	maoaʻe
ilovechristmas	NO TRANSLATION
iloveher	NO TRANSLATION
image	ata
imagery	faʻataʻitaʻiga
imaginable	mafaufauina
imaginary	mafaufauga
imagination	mafaufauga
imaginative	mafaufauga
imagine	mafaufau
imagined	mafaufauina
imaging	faʻataʻitaʻiga
imagining	mafaufau
imam	NO TRANSLATION
imbalance	le mautonu
imbecile	faʻaletonu
imbedded	faʻauʻuina
imissyou	NO TRANSLATION
imitate	faʻataʻitaʻi
imitated	faataʻitaʻi
imitation	faʻataʻitaʻi
immaculate	faʻamaonia
immaterial	leai se aoga
immature	vave
immaturity	faʻamalolo
immeasurable	le mafaamatalaina
immeasurably	e le mafaamatalaina
immediacy	vave vave
immediate	vave
immediately	vave
immemorial	vave
immense	tele
immerse	faatofu
immersion	faatofuina
immigrant	tagata faimalaga
immigration	ulufale mai
imminent	lata mai
immobile	leai se mea
immoral	le mama
immorality	le ola le mama
immortal	tino ola pea
immortality	tino ola pea
immovable	le mafaagaeetia
immune	puipuia
immunity	puipuiga
immunization	tui puipui
immutable	e le mafai ona faʻaaogaina
imp	imp
impact	aʻafiaga
impair	vaivai
impaired	vaivai
impairment	faʻaleagaina
impart	tuʻuina
impartial	lē faʻaituau
impartiality	lē faʻaituau
impassable	e le mafai ona faʻaaogaina
impassioned	agalelei
impatience	lē onosai
impatient	lē onosai
impatiently	NO TRANSLATION
impeach	faʻataʻitaʻi
impeachment	faʻataʻitaʻiga
impeccable	leai se mea
impede	faalavelave
impediment	faʻalavelave
impelled	uunaia
impending	o loʻo faʻatali
impenetrable	lē mafai
imperative	taua
imperceptible	lē lelei
imperfect	le atoatoa
imperfection	le atoatoa
imperfectly	le atoatoa
imperial	malo
imperialist	NO TRANSLATION
impermeable	e le mautonu
impermissible	lē taliaina
impersonal	lē faʻatusa
impersonate	faʻafesoʻotaʻi
impersonation	faʻauiga
impersonator	tagata faʻatau
impertinence	eleelea
impertinent	lē lelei
impervious	faʻalavelave
impetuous	atuatuvale
impetus	malosi
implacable	e le mafai
implant	faʻapipiʻi
implantation	faʻapipiʻi
implanted	totoina
implement	faʻatino
implicate	faʻalavelave
implicated	aafia ai
implication	faʻalavelave
implied	faʻamatalaina
implore	tagi
implosion	osofaʻiga
imply	faʻaalia
impolite	faʻamalosi
import	oloa faaulufale mai
importance	taua
important	taua
importation	faaulufale mai
impose	faaee atu
imposing	faʻamalosia
imposition	faʻatulagaga
impossibility	lē mafai
impossible	le mafai
impostor	pepelo
impotence	vaivai
impotent	leai se mea
impound	faʻaleagaina
impoverished	matitiva
impracticable	e le mafai ona faʻaaogaina
impractical	leai se aoga
impregnable	e le mafai ona suia
impregnate	faʻapitoa
impress	faagaeetia
impressed	faagaeetia
impression	lagona
impressionable	manaia
impressive	manaia
imprint	faʻasologa
imprison	falepuipui
imprisoned	falepuipui
imprisonment	falepuipui
improbable	le talafeagai
impromptu	faʻaleagaina
improper	le talafeagai
impropriety	lē lelei
improve	faʻaleleia
improved	faaleleia
improvement	faʻaleleia
improves	faaleleia
improving	faaleleia
improvisation	faaleleia
improvise	faʻaleleia
improvised	faʻaleleia
imprudent	lē faʻaaoga
impudence	leaga
impudent	le mautonu
impulse	faanaunauga
impulsive	le mautonu
impunity	leai se faʻasalaga
impure	lē mamā
impurity	eleelea
imputation	faʻaaogaina
imtryingtosleep	NO TRANSLATION
inability	lē mafaia
inaccessible	e le mafai
inaccurate	saʻo
inaction	faʻasalaga
inactivate	le faʻamalosi
inactivation	le faʻamalosia
inactive	le toaga
inactivity	lē toaga
inadequacy	le atoatoa
inadequate	le atoatoa
inadequateness	le agavaa
inadmissible	lē taliaina
inadvertent	e le faʻafefea
inadvertently	ma le le iloa
inaffable	NO TRANSLATION
inalienable	lē mafai ona faʻatagaina
inane	inane
inanimate	leai se tino
inapplicable	lē talafeagai
inappropriate	le talafeagai
inattention	le mautonu
inaudible	e le mafai
inaugural	inaugural
inaugurate	faʻavae
inauguration	faʻaiuga
inborn	fanau mai
inbound	i totonu
inbred	faʻailoa
incalculable	e le mafuatiaina
incandescent	feʻau
incantation	faʻailoga
incapable	lē mafaia
incapacity	le gafatia
incarceration	faʻafalepuipui
incarnate	ulu
incase	mea ane
incendiary	afi
incense	mea manogi
incensed	ita
incentive	faʻamalosi
inception	amataga
incessant	faʻaauau
incessantly	faʻaauau
incest	faʻailoga
incestuous	faʻailoga
inch	inch
incidence	aʻafiaga
incident	mea na tutupu
incidental	faʻafuaseʻi
incidentally	faʻafuaseʻi
incineration	faʻamafana
incinerator	afi
incipient	faʻaauau
incision	faʻavae
incisive	faʻasaga
incite	faʻaosofia
incitement	osofaʻiga
inclement	osofia
inclination	faanaunauga
incline	faʻasolosolo
inclined	faʻafeiloaʻi
include	aofia ai
included	aofia ai
including	aofia ai
inclusion	aofia ai
inclusive	aofia ai
incognito	incognito
incoherent	leai se mea
income	tupe maua
incoming	ulufale mai
incomparable	lē mafaatusalia
incompatible	e le fetaui
incompetence	le malamalama
incompetent	le talafeagai
incomplete	le maeʻa
incompletely	le atoatoa
incompleteness	le atoatoa
incomprehensible	le mafaamatalaina
inconceivable	e le mafaamatalaina
inconclusive	leai se mea
incongruous	le fiafia
inconsequential	le taua
inconsiderate	le mautonu
inconsistency	le tutusa
inconsistent	e le ogatasi
inconspicuous	e le mafaamatalaina
incontinence	le mautonu
inconvenience	faʻalavelave
inconvenient	e le talafeagai
incorporate	faʻaofi
incorporation	tuufaatasia
incorrect	sese
incorrigible	e le mafai ona totogia
increase	faateleina
increased	faateleina
incredible	maoae
incredulous	lē talitonu
increment	faʻaopoopoga
incriminate	faʻasalaga
incriminating	faʻasalaga
incrimination	faʻasalaga
incubation	faʻaosoina
incubator	incubator
incubus	incubus
incumbent	e faʻamaonia
incur	faʻatupulaia
incurable	e le mafai ona faʻaleleia
incursion	osofaiga
indebted	nofo aitalafu
indecency	amioga mataga
indecent	mataga
indecision	faʻamaoni
indecisive	le mautonu
indefensible	mataga
indefinite	lē tumau
indelible	lē mafai
indemnification	faamagaloga
indemnify	faamagaloga
indemnity	faamagaloga
indent	agavaʻa
indentation	faʻailoga
indenture	faʻailoga
independence	tutoatasi
independent	tutoatasi
indescribable	lē faʻamatalaina
indestructible	leai se mea
indeterminate	faʻamaonia
index	index
indicate	faʻaalia
indicating	faʻaalia
indication	faailoga
indicative	faʻamaonia
indicator	faailo
indice	NO TRANSLATION
indict	faʻasala
indictment	faʻasalaga
indie	indie
indifference	leai se faamemelo
indifferent	leai se popole
indigenous	tagatanuu
indigent	tagata mativa
indigestion	otaota
indignant	ita
indignation	ita
indignity	agaleaga
indigo	indigo
indirect	tuusao
indiscreet	lē amanaʻiaina
indiscretion	le faautauta
indispensable	e tatau ai
indisposed	leai se mea
indistinct	leai se mea
indistinguishable	e le mafaamatalaina
individual	tagata taitoatasi
individuality	taʻitoʻatasi
indivisible	leai se mea
indoctrination	faʻasalalauga
indolent	valea
indomitable	leai se mana
indoor	totonu
induce	faatosina
induced	fausiaina
inducement	faatosina
induction	ulufale
indulge	faʻailoa
indulgence	tuinanau
indulgent	faʻaaloalo
industrial	fale gaosi oloa
industrialist	tagata gaosi oloa
industrious	maelega
industry	alamanuia
ineffable	e le mafaamatalaina
ineffective	leai se aoga
ineffectual	le atoatoa
inefficiency	le atoatoa
inefficient	le lelei
inelastic	faʻauʻu
ineligible	le agavaa
inept	le mautinoa
ineptitude	le mautonu
inequality	le tutusa
inequitable	lē faʻatasi
inert	iner
inertia	inertia
inevitable	lē mafai ona faʻaalia
inexact	le saʻo
inexcusable	leai se faʻamatalaga
inexhaustible	leai se mea
inexpensive	taugofie
inexperience	leai se malamalama
inexperienced	leai se poto masani
inexplicable	le mafaamatalaina
inexpressible	le mafaamatalaina
infallibility	leai se mea
infallible	leai se mea
infamous	le taua
infamy	valea
infancy	pepe
infant	pepe
infanticide	pepe fananau mai
infantile	pepe
infantry	tagata fou
infarct	infarct
infatuated	faʻanoanoa
infatuation	alofa faamemelo
infeasible	lē mafai
infect	afaina
infection	faʻamaʻi
infectious	afaina
infer	lalo ifo
inference	feeseeseaiga
inferential	faʻafefe
inferior	itiiti ifo
inferiority	vaivai
infernal	infernal
inferno	faʻailoga
infertile	lē faʻailoa
infertility	leai se tamaititi
infestation	faʻailoga
infidel	lē talitonu
infidelity	le talitonu
infield	leai
infiltrate	faʻapala
infiltration	ulufale
infinite	le iʻu
infinitely	leai lava
infinitesimal	leai se mea
infinity	leai se aoga
infirm	maʻi
infirmary	vaivai
infirmity	vaivai
inflammation	afaina
inflammatory	flammatory
inflatable	afaina
inflate	faʻailoa
inflated	afaina
inflation	faʻatauga
inflection	fesuiaiga
inflict	faia
infliction	faʻasalaga
inflorescence	faʻailoga
influence	faatosinaga
influential	malosi
influenza	afaina
influx	aʻafia
info	faʻamatalaga
infomercial	tagata faʻapitoa
inform	logoina
informal	faʻasalalau
informant	tagata logoina
information	faamatalaga
informative	faʻamatalaga
informed	logoina
informer	faila
infraction	mea sese
infrared	infrared
infrastructure	aseta
infrequent	e le masani
infrequently	mulimuli ane
infringement	solia
infuriate	ita tele
infuriated	ita tele
infuriates	ita tele
infuriating	ita tele
infuse	faʻailoa
infused	faʻailoa
infuser	mea fafati
infusion	fusi
ingenious	atamai
ingenuity	atamai
ingest	ingest
ingestion	gaʻoina
ingot	ingot
ingrained	faʻamalosia
ingrate	faʻaaogaina
ingredient	elemene
ingress	fatu
inhabit	nofo
inhabitant	tagata nonofo
inhabited	'aina
inhabiting	nonofo
inhalation	faʻamaʻi
inhale	inu
inhaler	tagata faʻamaʻi
inherent	tagata
inherit	mautofi
inheritance	tofi
inhibit	faʻalavelave
inhibition	faʻasaina
inhibitor	inhibitor
inhospitable	le faʻamaonia
inhuman	tagata leaga
inhumane	tagata leaga
inhumanity	agaleaga
inimaginable	NO TRANSLATION
inimical	faʻapitoa
inimitable	leai se mea
iniquity	amioletonu
initial	muamua
initiate	amataina
initiated	amataina
initiation	amataga
initiative	fuafuaga
inject	tui
injection	tui
injunction	faʻasalaga
injure	faamanualia
injured	manuʻa
injuring	faamanualia
injurious	faʻaleaga
injury	manuʻa
injustice	faiga le tonu
ink	vaitusi
inkling	tosoina
inland	uta
inlay	toso
inlet	ulufale
inmate	tagata pagota
inn	fale talimalo
innards	fale puipui
innate	i totonu
inner	totonu
innermost	pito i totonu
innerpeace	NO TRANSLATION
inning	amataga
innings	innings
innkeeper	pule o fale talimalo
innocence	mama
innocent	le sala
innocently	le sala
innocuous	lē sala
innovate	innovate
innovation	fou
innovative	fou
innuendo	i totonu
innumerable	le mafaitaulia
inoculation	tui
inoperable	lē mafai
inoperative	leai se mea
inordinate	faʻateleina
inorganic	faʻaleagaina
input	fesoʻotaʻiga
inquest	suʻesuʻega
inquire	fesili
inquirer	tagata suʻesuʻe
inquiring	fesili
inquiry	suʻesuʻega
inquisitive	suʻesuʻe
inquisitor	tagata suʻesuʻe
insane	valea
insanity	valea
insatiable	lē mafai ona faʻaaogaina
inscription	tusi
inscrutable	e le mafaamatalaina
insect	iniseti
insecticide	iniseti
insecure	le saogalemu
insecurity	le saogalemu
insemination	iniseti
insensitive	le mautonu
inseparable	e le mavavaeeseina
insert	faʻaofi
inserted	faʻaofi
insertion	faʻaofi
inside	i totonu
insider	vaalele
insidious	taufaasese
insight	malamalama
insightful	malamalama
insignia	igoa
insignificance	le taua
insignificant	le taua
insinuate	faʻailoga
insipid	valea
insist	tumau
insistence	faʻamalosi
insistent	tumau
insists	o loʻo faʻamalosia
insolence	fouvale
insolent	ita
insoluble	e le mafai ona faʻaaoga
insolvency	le faʻaletonu
insolvent	leai se totogi
insomnia	tigā
insomniac	tuai
inspect	asiasia
inspection	asiasiga
inspector	tagata asiasi
inspiration	musumusuga
inspirational	musumusuga
inspire	musuia
inspired	musuia
instability	faʻafitauli
install	faʻapipiʻi
installation	faʻatulagaga
installment	faʻatupega
instance	faʻaauau
instant	vave
instantaneous	vave
instantaneously	vave lava
instigate	faʻaoso
instigation	faʻaoga
instill	atunuʻu
instinct	atamamai
instinctive	atamamai
institute	inisitituti
institution	faalapotopotoga
instruct	faatonu
instructed	faatonuina
instruction	faatonuga
instructional	faatonuga
instructions	faatonuga
instructive	aʻoga
instructor	faiaoga
instrument	mea faifaaili
instrumental	meafaigaluega
instrumentalist	tufuga
instrumentality	meafaigaluega
insubordination	faʻafefe
insufferable	leai se mea
insufficiency	le atoatoa
insufficient	le lava
insufficiently	le lava
insular	faʻapitoa
insulate	toso
insulated	gaʻo
insulation	faʻamau
insulin	inisalini
insult	taufaaleaga
insulting	taufaifai
insurance	inisiua
insure	inisiua
insurgent	osofaʻi
insurmountable	le faʻamalosia
insurrection	fouvalega
intact	faʻatasi
intake	taumafa
intangible	e le mafai ona vaaia
integer	numera tele
integral	taua
integrate	faʻatasi
integration	faʻatasi
integrity	amio saʻo
intellect	atamai
intellectual	atamai
intelligence	atamai
intelligent	atamai
intelligibility	atamai
intelligible	malamalama
intend	faamoemoe
intended	faamoemoe
intending	faamoemoe
intense	malosi
intensely	mamafa
intensify	faʻateleina
intensity	malosi
intensive	malosi
intent	manatu
intention	faamoemoe
intentional	faamoemoe
intentionally	ma le loto i ai
inter	fesoʻotaʻiga
interact	fegalegaleaiga
interaction	fegalegaleaiga
interactive	fegalegaleaiga
intercede	talo
intercept	faʻasaʻo
interception	faʻalavelave
intercession	faufautua
interchange	fefaʻatauaʻiga
interchangeable	fesuiaʻiga
interchanged	fefinauai
intercom	fesoʻotaʻiga
intercourse	feusuaiga
interdependence	felagolagomaʻi
interdependent	felagolagomaʻi
interdiction	faasaina
interest	tului
interested	fiafia
interesting	manaia
interface	atinaʻe
interfere	faalavelave
interference	faʻalavelave
interferometer	fefesootai
intergalactic	fesoʻotaʻiga
interim	le tumau
interior	totonu
interject	faʻalavelave
interlocutory	fefaʻatauaʻiga
interlude	faʻalavelave
intermediary	tagata faufautua
intermediate	vavalalata
interment	faʻalavelave
interminable	leai
intermission	faʻatagaina
intermittent	faʻalavelave
intern	tagata faigaluega
internal	totonu
internally	totonu
international	faavaomalo
internet	initaneti
internship	faʻataʻitaʻiga
interoffice	fesoʻotaʻiga
interpolate	faʻalavelave
interpolation	fesoʻotaʻiga
interpret	faamatalaina
interpretation	faʻamatalaga
interpreter	faamatalaupu
interpretive	faʻaliliuga
interrelated	fesoʻotaʻi
interrogate	fesiligia
interrogation	fesiligia
interrupt	faʻalavelave
interrupted	faʻalavelave
interrupting	faʻalavelave
interruption	faʻalavelave
interrupts	faʻalavelave
intersect	vavalalata
intersection	fesoʻotaʻiga
interstate	atunuʻu
interstellar	tagata faʻapitoa
interstitial	faʻapitoa
interval	vaitaimi
intervene	faʻalavelave
intervening	faʻalavelave
intervention	fofo
interview	faatalanoaga
interviewer	faatalanoaga
interworking	fesoʻotaʻiga
intestate	faʻanofo
intestinal	tuila
intestine	tui
intestines	toga
intimacy	vavalalata
intimate	vavalalata
intimately	i totonu
intimation	faʻamatalaga
intimidate	taufaamatau
intimidated	fefefe
intimidating	faʻafefe
intimidation	taufaafefe
intolerable	lē mafai
intolerance	le faapalepale
intolerant	lē faʻalogo
intonation	intonation
intoxicated	onā
intoxicating	faʻasalaga
intoxication	inupia
intracranial	inisinia
intractable	e le mafai
intramural	feusuaʻiga
intravenous	ita
intrepid	le mautonu
intricate	faʻanoanoa
intrigue	taupulepulega
intriguing	manaia
intrinsic	mea faʻapitoa
intrinsically	i totonu
intro	folasaga
introduce	folasia
introduction	folasaga
introductory	folasaga
introspection	suʻesuʻega
introspective	folasaga muamua
intrude	faʻatau
intruder	tagata faʻalavelave
intrusion	osofaʻiga
intrusive	faʻalavelave
intubation	faʻalavelave
intuition	malamalama
intuitive	faʻalogo
intuitively	i totonu
inundation	osofaʻiga
invade	osofaia
invader	osofaʻiga
invalid	lē aoga
invalidate	faalēaogā
invalidation	faalumaina
invalidity	faʻaleagaina
invaluable	taua tele
invariably	i taimi uma
invasion	osofaʻiga
invasive	osofaʻi
invent	mafaufau
invention	mea fou fou
inventive	fatuga
inventor	fatufatu
inventory	faamaumauga
inverse	ese
inversely	ese
inversion	suiga
invert	fesuiaʻi
inverted	liliu ese
invest	teu faʻafaigaluega
investigate	suʻesuʻe
investigation	suʻesuʻega
investigative	suʻesuʻe
investigator	tagata sailiili
investment	tupe faʻafaigaluega
investor	tagata teu tupe
invidious	loto faʻamaoni
invigorate	faʻaola
invincible	leai se faʻalavelave
invisibility	invisibility
invisible	lē vaaia
invitation	valaaulia
invite	valaaulia
inviting	valaauliaina
invocation	talosaga
invoice	faletupe
invoke	talosalo
involuntary	ofo fua
involution	osofaia
involve	aofia
involvement	aʻafiaga
invulnerable	lē faʻaolaina
inwards	i totonu
iodine	iodine
ion	ion
iota	iota
irate	irate
ire	NO TRANSLATION
iridescent	faʻaauau
iris	iris
irked	faʻanoanoa
irks	faʻailoga
iron	uʻamea
ironclad	ironclad
ironic	faʻaaloalo
irons	uʻamea
irony	faʻanoanoa
irradiation	faʻamalolo
irrational	le lelei
irrationality	valea
irreconcilable	leai se faʻasalaga
irreducible	le faʻamalosi
irrefutable	e le mafai ona faʻaaogaina
irregular	e le masani ai
irregularity	faaletonu
irregularly	e le masani ai
irrelevant	leai se aoga
irreparable	e le mafai ona vavalalata
irreplaceable	e le mafai ona suia
irrepressible	lē faʻafefeteina
irresistible	e le mafai ona suia
irrespective	tusa lava po o le a
irresponsible	lē talafeagai
irreverent	le faʻaaloalo
irreversible	lē mafai ona faʻafitia
irrevocable	e le mafai ona suia
irrigate	faʻafefe
irrigation	faʻavaivai
irritability	faʻaleagaina
irritable	ita
irritate	ita
irritated	ita
irritates	ita
irritating	ita
irritation	ita
island	motu
isle	motu
islet	motu
isolate	vavaeese
isolated	vavae ese
isolation	vavae ese
isomorphism	isomorphism
isothermal	isothermal
isotope	vavave
issue	lomiga
itch	E leai
itching	sasaina
itchy	tigā
item	mea
itemize	malamalama
items	mea
iterate	malamalama
iteration	iloa
iterative	iloa
itinerant	faʻamalosi
itinerary	faasologa
ivory	iveni
jab	jab
jabber	jabber
jack	laʻei
jackal	kiona
jackass	jackass
jacket	peleue
jackhammer	jackhammer
jackpot	lapoʻa
jackrabbit	jackrabbit
jacks	fusi
jade	lapisi
jaded	faʻamaonia
jag	NO TRANSLATION
jagged	uu
jaguar	jaguar
jail	falepuipui
jailbird	falepuipui
jailbreak	falepuipui jailbreak
jailer	leoleo
jailhouse	falepuipui
jalopy	fana
jam	siamu
jamboree	faʻailoga
jammed	faʻailogaina
jammer	tagata faʻapipiʻi
janitor	maualuluga
janitorial	faʻataunuʻu
japan	Iapani
jar	fagu
jargon	faʻailoga
jarhead	fagu
jarring	faʻailoga
jasmine	Jasmine
jasper	lapisi
jaundice	lanu
jaunt	taʻavale
java	java
javelin	tao
jaw	auvae
jawbone	ponaivi
jaws	auvae
jay	u
jazz	jazz
jazzy	jazzy
jealous	fuā
jealousy	fuā
jean	au
jeans	jeans
jeep	Ieep
jeering	ulavale
jelly	toli
jellybean	jellybean
jellyfish	maʻa
jenny	jenny
jeopardize	lamatia
jeopardy	lamatia
jerk	samo
jerks	toso
jerky	ita
jersey	selu
jest	NO TRANSLATION
jester	feteʻenaʻi
jesus	Iesu
jet	vaalele
jetty	jetty
jewel	taugata
jeweler	faʻatau
jewelry	teuteu
jib	sipuni
jiff	NO TRANSLATION
jiffy	faʻailoga
jig	u
jiggle	faʻailoga
jigsaw	jigsaw
jihad	jihad
jimmy	uʻamea
jingle	togi
jinx	toto
jitters	fiti
jittery	maasiasi
jive	jive
job	galuega
jobinterview	NO TRANSLATION
jock	toso
jockey	fiafiaga
jockstrap	jockstrap
jog	jog
jogger	jogger
john	john
join	auai
joined	auai
joining	auai
joint	soofaatasi
jointly	faʻatasi
joke	ulavavale
joker	tuai
joking	ulavale
jolly	fiafia
jolt	toso
jornada	NO TRANSLATION
jot	i
jour	NO TRANSLATION
journal	tusi talaaga
journalism	talafou
journalist	tusitala
journalistic	talafou
journey	faigamalaga
journeyman	malaga
joust	toso
jovial	jovial
joy	olioli
joyful	fiafia
joyous	fiafia
joyride	fiafiaride
joys	fiafiaga
jubilant	fiafia
jubilee	Iupeli
judge	faamasino
judged	faamasinoina
judging	faamasinoina
judgment	faamasinoga
judgmental	faamasinoga
judicial	faamasinoga
judiciary	faamasinoga
judicious	faʻamaoni
judo	judo
jug	vaʻai
juggle	taufetuli
juggler	tagata taʻavale
juggling	taufetuli
jugular	lapoa
juice	sua sua
juicer	faʻamasino
juicy	malie
juju	NO TRANSLATION
juke	talo
jukebox	pusa lapisi
jumble	faʻanoanoa
jumbled	togitogi
jumbo	uʻamea
jump	oso
jump rope	oso le maea
jumper	uila
jumpsuit	oso oso
jumpy	ufiufi
junction	faʻasologa
juncture	vaʻaiga
jungle	vaomatua
junior	talavou
juniper	vine
junk	fusi
junket	laʻau
junkie	faʻailoga
junky	junky
junkyard	laufanua
junta	tausili
juridical	faaletulafono
jurisdiction	puleaga
jurisprudence	pulega faaletulafono
jurist	lōia
juror	juror
jury	jury
justice	faamasinoga tonu
justifiable	tauamiotonuina
justification	tauamiotonuina
justify	tauamiotonuina
juststop	NO TRANSLATION
justthebeginning	NO TRANSLATION
jute	jute
juvenile	tamaititi
juxtaposition	faʻasologa
kaiser	kaiser
kale	kale
kaleidoscope	Kaleidoscope
kamikaze	kamikaze
kangaroo	kangaroo
kanji	Kanji
kappa	kappa
kaput	NO TRANSLATION
karaoke	karaoke
karate	karate
karma	Karma
karmic	karmic
kayak	kayak
kazoo	Kazoo
kebab	kebab
keel	keel
keen	fiafia
keep	tausia
keeper	leoleo
keeping	tausia
keepsake	siaki
keg	keg
kelp	kelp
ken	ken
kennel	faletalimalo
kerchief	fagu
kern	kern
kernel	fatu
kerosene	kerosene
ketchup	ketchup
kettle	kuki
key	ki
keyboard	piano
keyed	maʻeu
keyhole	Keyhole
keynote	autu
keypad	laupepa
keystone	maaʻauʻau
keyword	upu autu
khaki	khaki
khan	khan
kibble	faitio
kick	kiliki
kickboxing	kickboxing
kicker	kicker
kicking	kiliki
kickoff	amata mea
kid	tamaitiiti
kidder	tamaʻi
kidding	tamaʻaiga
kiddo	faʻatau
kiddos	kiddos
kidnap	faoa
kidnapped	faoa
kidnapper	faoa
kidnapping	faoa
kidney	fatuga
kids	tamaiti
kill	fasiotia
killer	fasioti tagata
killing	fasiotia
killjoy	fasioti fiafia
kiln	kiln
kilo	NO TRANSLATION
kilogram	kilokalama
kilometer	kilomita
kilt	tapunia
kimono	Kimono
kin	aiga
kind	agalelei
kindergarten	tamaʻitaʻi aʻoga
kindling	taloina
kindness	agalelei
kindred	ituaiga
kinematics	kinematics
kinesiology	kinesiology
kinetic	fatuga
king	tupu
king snake	tupu gata
kingdom	malo
kingpin	taʻavale
kink	kink
kinky	kinky
kinship	aiga
kiosk	kiosk
kirk	Kirk
kiss	kisi
kisser	sogi
kissy	kisi
kit	pusa
kitchen	umukuka
kite	matau
kitten	pusi
kiwi	Kiwi
klutz	klutz
knack	knack
knapsack	knapsack
knead	tuli
knee	tulivae
kneecap	tulivae
kneel	tootuli
kneeling	toʻotuli
knell	kulupu
knick	naifi
knickers	faila
knife	naifi
knight	leita
knighthood	tiotio
knit	nonoa
knob	komi
knock	tuitui
knockoff	tuʻituʻi atu
knockout	tu'i oti
knoll	komi
knot	nonoa
knots	nonoa
knotted	nonoa
know	iloa
knowing	iloa
knowingly	iloa
knowledge	malamalama
knowledgeable	malamalama
knuckle	totoa
knucklehead	knucklehead
knuckles	fana
koala	koala
kook	NO TRANSLATION
kooky	kooky
kool-aid	Kool-fesoasoani
kos	kos
kosher	kosher
kraut	NO TRANSLATION
kris	kris
kryptonite	kryptonite
kudos	kudos
kumquat	kumquat
lab	fale
label	igoa
labor	galuega
laboratory	fale suʻesuʻe
labored	galue
laborer	tagata faigaluega
laboring	galue
laborious	galue malosi
labyrinth	labyrinth
lac	laʻau
lace	laumei
laceration	laceration
lack	leai
lackey	lakika
lacking	leai
lackluster	leai se aoga
lacquer	lacquer
lacrosse	lacrosse
lactose	Lactose
lad	tama
ladder	apefai
laddie	laddie
laden	utaina
lading	lalagaina
ladle	ladle
lady	tamaitai
lady bug	NO TRANSLATION
ladybug	tamaʻitaʻi
ladylike	tamaʻitaʻi
ladyship	tamaʻitaʻi
lag	lag
lager	NO TRANSLATION
lagging	lafoaʻi
lagoon	lagoon
lair	laufanua
laity	laity
lake	vaituloto
lama	NO TRANSLATION
lamb	tamai mamoe
lame	pipili
lament	aue
lamenting	auega
lamina	lamina
laminated	lalagaina
lamp	moli
lamppost	togi
lance	fana
lancer	amata
land	fanua
landed	uta
landfall	lauʻeleʻele
landfill	fanua
landing	tulaʻi
landlady	laufanua
landlocked	faʻamalo
landlord	tagata nofo fale
landmark	faʻailoga
lands	fanua
landscape	laufanua
landscaping	faʻafanua
landslide	solo
lane	laina
language	gagana
languid	vaivai
languish	vaivai
languishing	vaivai
lanky	ola
lantern	moli
lap	lapisi
lapdog	lapdog
lapel	lapelu
lapse	lafoaʻi
lapsed	faalēaogā
laptop	komepiuta
larceny	tele
lard	palu
larder	telefoni
large	tele
larger	tele
largo	NO TRANSLATION
lark	lapisi
larva	vavao
laryngitis	laryngitis
larynx	larynx
lasagna	lasagna
laser	laser
lash	pala
lass	otaota
lasso	lasso
lastday	NO TRANSLATION
lasting	tumau
lastminute	mulimuli mulimuli
latch	latini
late	tuai
lateness	toilalo
latent	latent
lateral	lautele
laterally	i tua
latex	latex
lathe	lanu
lather	sili atu
latitude	latitu
latrine	latrine
latrines	latrines
latte	latte
lattice	lattice
laud	laud
laudable	faʻatautaia
laudation	laudation
laudatory	laudatory
laugh	ata
laughable	lau
laughing	talie
laughingstock	NO TRANSLATION
laughs	ata
laughter	ata
launch	lauiloa
launcher	lafoaʻi
launches	lafoaʻi
launder	laupepa
laundering	laupeʻa
laundry	tagamea
laureate	laureate
laurel	laurel
laurels	laurels
lava	lava
lavage	lavalava
lavatory	laulau
lavender	lavender
lavish	lalelei
law	tulafono
lawful	tulafono
lawless	leai se tulafono
lawlessness	solitulafono
lawman	loia
lawn	laʻau
lawnmower	laʻau
lawsuit	tagi
lawyer	lōia
lax	lax
laxative	laxative
lay	taoto
layaway	layaway
layer	laulau
layered	lafoa
layman	tagata taoto
layout	laulau
layover	faʻasologa
laziness	paie
lazy	paie
lazyday	NO TRANSLATION
lea	lea
lead	taʻitaʻia
leaded	taʻitaʻia
leader	taitai
leadership	taʻitaʻiga
leading	taʻitaʻia
leads	taʻitaʻia
leaf	lau
leaflet	laupepa
leafy	laʻau
league	liki
leak	lemu
leakage	fuʻa
leaky	vaivai
lean	totogo
leaned	faalagolago
leaning	faʻalagolago
leap	oso
learn	aʻoaʻo
learned	aʻoaʻoina
learner	tagata aʻoaʻo
learning	aʻoaʻoga
lease	lisiina
leash	lafoaʻi
leather	paʻu
leathery	paʻu
leave	tuʻu
leavemealone	tuu a'u na'o a'u
leaving	tuua
lecherous	le alofa
lecture	lauga
lecturer	failauga
ledge	laupapa
ledger	tusitala
lee	silasila
leech	taufaasese
leeches	lago
leer	NO TRANSLATION
leery	lalelei
lees	NO TRANSLATION
leeway	lalata
left	taumatau
leftout	NO TRANSLATION
leftover	faʻaumatia
leftovers	leai
lefty	maualuga
leg	vae
legacy	talatuu
legal	tulafono
legality	agavaʻa
legalize	legalize
legalized	faʻatagaina
legally	faaletulafono
legend	tala
legendary	taua
legibility	legibility
legible	le mafai
legion	tiona
legislate	tulafono
legislation	tulafono
legislative	tulafono
legislator	fai tulafono
legislature	sui tulafono
legit	legit
legitimacy	taʻutinoga
legitimate	tulafono
lego	lego
legs	vae
legume	legume
legwork	talema
leisure	taimi paganoa
leisurely	filemu
lemma	lemma
lemon	lemoni
lemonade	lemonade
lend	nono
lender	tagata faʻapisinisi
lending	nonogatupe
length	umi
lengthen	uumi
lengthened	faʻalautele
lengthening	faʻaopoopoga
lengthwise	umi
lengthy	umi
leniency	agaalofa
lenient	talafeagai
lens	tioata
leopard	leopata
leotard	leota
leper	lepela
leprechaun	leprechaun
leprosy	lepela
lesbian	tamaʻitaʻi
lesbianism	feusuaʻiga
lesion	leona
less	itiiti
lessee	tagata lisi
lessen	faaitiitia
lessening	faaitiitia
lesser	itiiti ifo
lesson	lesona
lessor	tagata faʻatau
let	tuʻu
lethal	leaga
lethargic	faʻasalaga
lethargy	faʻafefe
letter	tusi
lettered	faʻatagaina
letterhead	mataitusi mata
lettering	tusi
letters	mataitusi
lettuce	letusi
leukemia	leukemia
levee	leveee
level	maualuga
lever	oso
leverage	gaioiga
levitate	leviter
levy	lafoga
lewd	leaga
lexicon	faʻamatalaga
ley	NO TRANSLATION
liabilities	noataga
liability	noataga
liable	noatia
liaison	sootaga
liar	pepelo
libel	pepelo
libelous	saoloto
liberal	saoloto
liberalism	saolotoga
liberate	saoloto
liberated	saoloto
liberating	saolotoga
liberation	saolotoga
liberty	saolotoga
libido	libido
librarian	tagata tausi potutusi
library	faletusi
libretto	saolototto
lice	liki
license	laisene
lichen	laisene
lick	liki
licorice	laisene
lid	tapuni
lie	pepelo
liege	Liege
lien	noataga
lieu	nofoaga
lieutenant	faipule
life	ola
lifeblood	ola ola
lifeboat	vaʻa ola
lifeguard	leoleo ola
lifeisgood	olaisgood
lifeless	leai se ola
lifelike	vaʻaiga
lifeline	laina ola
lifelong	i le olaga atoa
lifer	ola
lifesaver	faaola
lifestyle	olaga soifua
lifesucks	siʻosiʻomaga
lifetime	olaga atoa
lift	siitia
lifted	siitia
liftoff	ola
ligament	liuga
ligation	liʻo
ligature	liuga
light	malamalama
light year	masina malamalama
lightbulb	matauila
lighten	faʻamalamalama
lightheaded	mata susulu
lighthouse	moli o le moli
lighting	moli
lightness	mama
lightning	uila
lights	moli
lightweight	mama
likable	fiafia
like	pei
likelihood	talafeagai
likely	atonu
likeness	faatusa
likewise	tutusa
liking	fiafia
lilac	lilac
lily	lili
limb	lima
limber	limuta
limbo	limbo
lime	lime
limelight	limelight
limestone	limatone
limey	limey
limit	tapulaa
limitation	tapulaa
limited	tapulaa
limitless	leai se mea
limo	limo
limousine	limousine
limp	limo
lin	lin
line	laina
lineage	laina
lineal	laina laina
linear	laina
linebacker	linebacker
lined	laina
linen	lino
liner	liner
lines	laina
lineup	faatulaga mai
linger	faʻaauau
lingerie	falemaʻi
lingering	umi
lingo	umi
lingual	lingual
linguini	Linguini
linguist	gagana
linguistic	gagana
linguistics	gagana
lining	lalaga
link	sootaga
linoleum	linoleum
lint	lint
lion	leona
lip	laugutu
liposuction	liposuction
lipstick	lipstick
liquefaction	le fiafia
liquefied	le faamalieina
liqueur	liqueur
liquid	vai
liquidate	faʻamaʻapeʻa
liquidation	faamaapeina
liquidator	tagata e faamaapeina
liquidity	faʻasalaga
liquor	ava malosi
lira	NO TRANSLATION
lisp	faʻalogologo
list	lisi
listen	faalogo
listener	faalogo
listenting	NO TRANSLATION
listing	lisi
listless	leai se lisi
listneing	NO TRANSLATION
litany	litany
liter	lita
literacy	tusitusi tusitusi
literal	moni
literally	moni lava
literary	tusitusi
literature	tusitusiga
lithe	tusi
lithium	lithium
lithograph	lithograph
lithography	tala faʻatusa
lithology	tala faʻatusa
lithosphere	Lotu
litigant	faʻafefe
litigate	faʻailoga
litigation	moliaga
litigator	faʻasalaga
litigious	finauga
litter	laulau
little	itiiti
littlethings	tama'i mea
littoral	talafatai
liturgy	liturgy
live	ola
livelife	ola ola
livelihood	soifuaga
lively	olaola
liven	ola
liver	ate
livery	atoa
livestock	lafumanu
livid	livid
living	ola
lizard	pili
llama	llama
lml	lml
load	avega
loader	uta
loaf	falaoa
loafer	loafer
loam	loam
loan	nonogatupe
loath	ita
loathe	ita
loathful	ita
loathing	ita
loathsome	mea inosia
lobby	lolo
lobbyist	lobbyist
lobe	lobe
lobotomy	lobotomy
lobster	lobster
local	totonugalemu
locale	faʻalapotopotoga
locality	nofoaga
localization	localization
localize	sueina
localized	lisiina
locate	sue
location	nofoaga
locator	tagata faʻatau
loch	loch
lock	loka
locker	loka
locket	loka
locksmith	loka
lockup	loka
loco	loco
locomotion	locomotion
locomotive	locomotive
locust	selu
lode	NO TRANSLATION
lodge	faletalimalo
lodger	faletalimalo
lodging	faʻailoga
loft	maualuga
lofty	maualuga
log	log
logarithm	logarithm
logarithmic	logarithmic
logic	manatu
logical	saʻo
logistics	lologa
logo	logo
logotype	faʻasinomaga
loin	NO TRANSLATION
lollipop	sosolo
lone	tasi
loneliness	tuulafoaiina
lonely	tuua toʻatasi
loner	lone
lonesome	faʻapitoa
long	umi
longboat	nofoa faʻatasi
longevity	umi le ola
longing	faanaunauga
longitude	longitude
longitudinal	umi
longitudinally	umi lava
longtime	umi
loo	i
look	vaai
looker	tagata suʻesuʻe
lookout	vaai i fafo
loom	loom
looming	faʻafefe
loon	loon
loony	loony
loop	lafu
loophole	matala
loopy	faanatinati
loose	tatalaina
loosen	tatala
loosening	tatalaina
loot	loota
lop	lop
lopsided	solo
lord	alii
lords	alii
lordship	pule
lore	lore
lorry	lorry
lose	leiloa
loser	leai
losing	leiloa
loss	leiloa
lost	leiloa
lot	lotoa
lotion	kulimi
lots	tele
lottery	lotoa
lotto	lototetele
lotus	lotus
loud	leotele
loudly	leotele
loudmouth	leo tele
loudness	leotele
loudspeaker	leo tele
lounge	nofo
lounging	lounging
louse	faʻamalosi
lousy	lousy
lovable	alofagia
love	alofa
loved	alofagia
lovee	alofa
loveee	alofa
loveless	leai se alofa
lovelife	NO TRANSLATION
loveliness	matagofie
lovelovelove	NO TRANSLATION
lovely	matagofie
lovemaking	alofa
lovemylife	NO TRANSLATION
lover	alofa
lovesick	maʻi
lovethis	alofa
loving	alofa
lovinglife	ola alofa
lovinlife	lovinlife
low	maualalo
lowdown	vaivai
lower	pito i lalo
lowering	faaitiitia
lowest	sili ona maualalo
lowlands	eleele maulalo
lowlife	lowlife
lowly	maualalo
lox	lox
loyal	faamaoni
loyalty	faamaoni
lsd	lsd
luau	Luau
lube	lube
lubricant	lubricant
lubricate	lubricate
lubrication	lubrication
lucid	lucid
luck	manuia
luckiest	sili ona lelei
lucky	laki
luckygirl	faʻailoga
lucrative	taugofie
ludicrous	ludicrous
lug	lug
luggage	ato
lukewarm	lukewarm
lull	lull
lullaby	pulufana
lumbar	lumbar
lumber	laupapa
lumbering	lūlū
lumberjack	laupapa
luminescent	luminescent
luminous	luminous
lump	lump
lumpy	lumpy
lunacy	pule sili
lunar	masina
lunatic	lunatic
lunch	'aiga o le aoauli
lunchbox	lunchbox
luncheon	'aiga o le aoauli
lunchtime	taumafataga i le aoauli
lung	pulumu
lunge	aoauli
lungs	mama
lurch	lurch
lure	lure
lurid	lurid
lurk	lurk
lurking	lurking
luscious	luscious
lush	lush
lust	tuinanau
luster	luster
lustful	tuinanau
lustrous	tuinanau
lusty	tuinanau
lute	lute
luxuriant	matagofie
luxurious	matagofie
luxury	tamaoaiga
lycra	lycra
lye	lye
lying	pepelo
lymph	fomaʻi
lymphatic	tiga
lymphoma	lymphoma
lynch	lynch
lynching	lynching
lynx	lynx
lyre	lyre
lyric	lyric
lyrical	pese
lyrics	fatuga
macadamia	macadamia
macarena	macarena
macaroni	Macaroni
mace	tamaʻitaʻi
mach	masini
machete	machete
machine	masini
machinery	masini
machinist	masini
macho	macho
mackerel	meaʻai
macro	macro
mad	vale
madam	valea
madame	teine
madden	valea
madder	madder
mademoiselle	NO TRANSLATION
mademyday	valea taeao
madhouse	valea
madman	valea
madness	valea
maestro	maestro
mafia	Mafia
magazine	mekasini
mage	mage
magenta	magenta
maggot	mago
magic	togafiti
magical	togafiti
magician	taulaitu
magistrate	faamasino
magma	magma
magna	magna
magnate	magnate
magnesium	magnesium
magnet	magnet
magnetic	mageta
magnetism	magnetism
magnetite	magnetite
magnification	faalauteleina
magnificence	matagofie
magnificent	matagofie
magnifier	faalautele
magnify	faalautele
magnifying	faalauteleina
magnitude	tele
magnolia	magnolia
magpie	faʻanoanoa
mahi mahi	NO TRANSLATION
mahjong	mahjong
mahogany	mahogany
maid	teine
maiden	teine
mail	imeli
mailbox	meli
mailing	meli
mailman	meli
maim	NO TRANSLATION
main	autu
mainframe	autu autu
mainland	fanua i uta
mainstay	autu
mainstream	autu
maintain	tausia
maintenance	tausiga
majestic	mamalu
majesty	mamalu
major	tele
majority	tele
make	faia
makeover	toe faʻaleleia
maker	faia
makeshift	toso
makesmehappy	NO TRANSLATION
makesmemad	NO TRANSLATION
makeup	toe faalelei
makingdisciples	NO TRANSLATION
malady	maʻi
malaise	malaise
malaria	malaria
malarkey	malarkey
male	tane
malevolent	le faʻaleagaina
malfeasance	malfeasance
malformation	malformation
malfunction	le lelei
malice	NO TRANSLATION
malicious	leaga
malign	malilie
malignancy	leaga
malignant	leaga
maligned	faʻamaonia
mall	mall
malleable	maʻagofie
mallet	mallet
malnutrition	le lelei
malpractice	leaga
malt	malt
mama	Mama
mambo	mambo
mamma	NO TRANSLATION
mammal	mamame
mammoth	mammoth
mammy	mammy
man	tagata
manage	puleaina
manageable	pulea lelei
management	pulega
manager	pule
managerial	pule
mandamus	tulafono
mandarin	mandarin
mandate	tulafono
mandatory	faʻatagaina
mandible	faʻamalosi
mandolin	mandolin
mandrel	mandrel
mane	NO TRANSLATION
maneuver	togafiti
maneuvering	gaoioi
mange	NO TRANSLATION
manger	faleʻai
mangle	mangle
mango	mango
mangosteen	mangosteen
mangy	mangy
manhole	togi
manhood	tamaʻitaʻi
manhunt	manhunt
mania	mania
maniac	maniac
maniacal	maniacal
manic	manic
manicure	faʻamalosi
manicurist	manicurist
manifest	faaali
manifestation	faaaliga
manifested	faʻaalia
manifestly	manino
manifesto	faʻaaliga
manifold	tele
manipulate	togafitia
manipulation	togafitia
manipulative	mafaufauga
mankind	tagata
manly	tagata
manna	manai
manned	faʻamaonia
mannequin	mannequin
manner	auala
mannered	faʻapipiʻi
manners	uiga
manor	manoa
manpower	tagata faigaluega
mansion	maota
mansions	maota
manslaughter	fasioti tagata
mantel	mantel
mantis	mantis
mantle	ofu talaloa
mantra	mantra
manual	tusi lesona
manufacture	gaosia
manufacturer	tagata gaosi oloa
manufacturing	gaosiga
manure	manu
manuscript	tusitusiga
map	faʻafanua
maple	maple
mar	Mati
marathon	marathon
marble	marble
marbled	marbled
marbles	mapu
march	Mati
mare	NO TRANSLATION
margarine	margarine
margarita	margarita
margin	tuaoi
marginal	faʻalautele
mariachi	mariachi
marijuana	mariuana
marinara	marinara
marine	gataifale
mariner	tautai
marital	faaipoipoga
maritime	vaʻa
mark	faailoga
marked	makaina
marker	faailoga
market	maketi
marketable	matagofie
marketing	maketi
marketplace	maketi maketi
marks	faailoga
marksman	faailoga
marksmanship	faailogaina
marl	marl
marmalade	marmalade
maroon	paʻu
marooned	faʻailoa
marquee	faailoga
marquis	Marquis
marred	leaga
marriage	faaipoipoga
married	faaipoipo
marrow	gaʻo
marry	faaipoipo
marsh	masima
marshal	taʻutaʻua
marshmallow	marshmallow
mart	martia
martial	martial
martingale	martingale
martini	martini
martyr	maliu maturo
martyrdom	maliu faamaturo
marvel	maofa
marvellous	ofoofogia
marvelous	ofoofogia
marvelously	ofoofogia
marzipan	NO TRANSLATION
mascara	Mascara
mascot	mascot
masculine	alii
masculinity	tamaʻitaʻi
mash	maso
mashed	lafoaʻi
mask	masini
masked	maso
masks	masini
masochism	masochism
masochist	masochist
mason	maso
masquerade	faʻamaʻi
mass	masini
massacre	fasioti tagata
massage	massage
masses	tele
masseur	masseur
masseuse	masini
massive	malosi tele
mast	mast
master	matai
masterful	matai
mastermind	matai
masterpiece	ata sili ona matagofie
mastery	pule
masturbate	masturbate
masturbation	masturbation
mat	mat
matador	matador
match	fetaui
matchbook	tala faʻatusa
matching	fetaui
matchmaker	tagata faʻatusatusa
mate	paaga
material	meafaitino
materialism	mea faitino
materialist	mea faitino
materialistic	mea faitino
materiality	meafaitino
materialize	faʻamalosi
materially	ogaoga
materials	meafaitino
materiel	materia
maternal	tina
maternity	tina
math	numera
mathematical	numera
mathematician	mathematician
mathematics	numera
matinee	matinee
mating	matamea
matriculation	matriculation
matrimony	faaipoipoga
matrix	numera
matron	matron
matted	matai
matter	mataupu
matting	matai
mattress	matai
maturation	matua
mature	matua
maturity	matua
maudlin	Maudlin
mausoleum	mausoleum
mauve	maumau
maverick	maverick
maxim	taʻutinoga
maximize	maualuga
maximum	maualuga
may	Mae
mayday	aso aso
mayflower	sulu
mayhem	ita
mayonnaise	mayonnaise
mayor	pulenuu
maze	paso
mead	Mead
meadow	laufanua
meager	itiiti
meal	taumafataga
mean	uiga
meander	solo
meandering	faʻatau
meanie	meanie
meaning	uiga
meaningful	taua
meaningless	leai se uiga
meanness	uiga leaga
means	lona uiga
meantime	taimi nei
measles	gaʻo
measurable	measina
measure	fua
measured	fuaina
measurement	fua
measuring	fuataga
measuring cup	fua fua
measuring tape	fua fua
meat	aano o manu
meatball	meatball
meathead	meathead
meatloaf	manufasi
mechanic	masini
mechanical	masini
mechanics	masini
mechanism	masini
med	NO TRANSLATION
medal	pine
medallion	pine
medallist	tagata suʻesuʻe
meddle	mafaufau loloto
meddling	mafaufau loloto
media	ala o faasalalauga
medial	mafaufauga
median	vaeluagalemu
mediate	faʻatalanoa
mediation	mediation
mediator	faufautua
medic	vailaʻau
medical	fomaʻi
medicate	mafaufau loloto
medication	fualaau
medicinal	vailaau
medicine	vailaau
medieval	aso anamua
mediocre	mediocre
mediocrity	mafaufauga
meditate	mafaufau loloto
meditating	mafaufau loloto
meditation	mafaufau loloto
meditative	mafaufauga
mediterranean	vaomalo
medium	ala
medley	mafaufau loloto
meek	agamalu
meet	fono
meeting	fonotaga
mega	mega
meh	au
melancholic	Melancholic
melancholy	mimiti
melee	melee
mellow	mellow
melodious	fiafia
melodrama	faʻataʻitaʻiga
melodramatic	telefoni
melody	fati
melon	meloni
melt	liusua
meltdown	faʻaleleia
melting	liusua
member	sui auai
membership	sui
membrane	membrane
memento	au
memo	manatua
memoir	manatua
memorabilia	manatua
memorable	manatua pea
memorandum	faʻamaumauga
memorial	faamanatu
memorials	faamanatu
memories	manatua
memoriesiwontforget	NO TRANSLATION
memorize	tauloto
memory	manatua
menace	matautia
menacing	taufaamatau
menagerie	faatauva
mend	sui
mending	teuteu
menial	mataʻutia
meningitis	maniteitis
meniscus	meniscus
menopause	misa
menses	mea leaga
menstrual	manstrual
mental	mafaufau
mentalhealth	NO TRANSLATION
mentality	mafaufau
menthol	menthol
mention	taua
mentor	faufautua
menu	lisi
meow	Meow
mercantile	fefaatauaiga
mercenary	fealofani
merchandise	oloa
merchant	tagata faʻatau
merciful	alofa mutimutivale
merciless	leai se alofa
mercurial	mercurial
mercury	mercury
mercy	alofa mutimutivale
mere	leai
merengue	merengue
merge	fusia
merger	fusia
meridian	meridian
meridional	taʻitasi
meringue	meringue
merit	taua
meritorious	faʻamaoni
mermaid	teine ​​faʻailoa
merriment	fiafiaga
merry	fiafia
merrychristmas	NO TRANSLATION
mesa	mesa
mescaline	mescaline
mesh	feʻau
meshes	talo
mesmerized	faʻailoa
mess	gaogao
message	feʻau
messedup	NO TRANSLATION
messenger	avefeau
messiah	Mesia
messy	mea leaga
metabolic	gasegase
metabolism	metabolism
metal	uʻamea
metallic	metallic
metallurgy	metallurgy
metamorphosis	metamorphosis
metaphor	faʻataʻitaʻiga
metaphorical	faʻataʻitaʻiga
metaphysical	tala faʻatusa
metaphysics	tala faʻatusa
metastasis	metastasis
meteor	meteor
meteoric	meteoric
meteorite	meteorite
meteorological	meteorological
meteorology	meteorology
meter	mita
meth	meth
methadone	methadone
methane	methane
methanol	methanol
method	metotia
methodical	auala faʻapitoa
methodology	auala
meticulous	aulelei
metime	metime
metric	metric
metrical	meteli
metrology	metotia
metropolis	aai tetele
metropolitan	fale tele
mettle	maʻa
mew	au
mezzanine	Mezzanine
mica	mica
mick	mick
micro	micro
microbe	microbe
microbiology	microbiology
microchip	microchip
microcosm	microcosm
microfilm	microfilm
microgram	microgram
micrometer	micrometer
micron	micron
microphone	masini faaleotele leo
microscope	microscope
microscopic	microscopic
microscopically	microscopically
microscopy	microscopy
microwave	microwave
mid	ogatotonu
midair	midair
midday	aoauli
middle	ogatotonu
middleman	tagata ogatotonu
middleweight	vaeluaga
midget	midget
midland	totonugalemu
midlife	midlife
midline	ogatotonu
midnight	vaeluapo
midshipman	midshipman
midst	lotolotoi
midsummer	totonugalemu
midterm	midterm
midtown	totonugalemu
midway	i le ogatotonu
midwife	faatosaga
midwifery	faatosaga
mien	NO TRANSLATION
miffed	faʻailoa
mighty	malosi
mignon	kiona
migraine	migraine
migrate	faimalaga
migration	femalagaiga
migratory	migratory
mike	mike
mil	NO TRANSLATION
mild	agamalu
mildew	manogi
mildness	agamalu
mile	maila
mileage	maila
milestone	mea taua
militant	taua
militants	fitafita
military	fitafita
militia	fitafita
milk	susu
milkman	susuman
milkshake	milkshake
milky	le manava
mill	mea gaosi
millennium	Meleniuma
milligram	milligram
millimeter	millimeta
million	miliona
millionaire	miliona
millionth	miliona
millstone	maaolo
mime	mime
mimic	mafaufau
mimicking	mimicking
mimicry	mimicry
mince	toso
mincemeat	mincemeat
mind	mafaufau
minded	mafaufau
mindful	mafaufau
mindfulness	mafaufau
mindless	le mafaufau
mine	laʻu
minefield	minefield
miner	tagata faigaluega
mineral	minerale
mineralogy	suʻesuʻega faʻapitoa
mingle	fefiloi
mingled	fefiloi
mini	feololo
miniature	itiiti
minibus	telefoni
minim	NO TRANSLATION
minimal	itiiti
minimize	faaitiitia
minimized	faaitiitia
minimum	aupito maualalo
mining	mina
minion	togi
minister	faifeʻau
ministerial	faiva
ministry	faiva
minivan	minivan
mink	mink
minnow	mimiti
minor	itiiti
minority	toaitiiti
minstrel	faila
mint	Mint
minty	minty
minuscule	itiiti
minute	minute
minutiae	faʻapitoa
minx	minx
mir	NO TRANSLATION
miracle	vavega
miracles	vavega
miraculous	vavega
mirage	faʻailoga
mire	NO TRANSLATION
mirror	faʻata
mirth	faʻata
misappropriation	misappropriation
misbehave	amio leaga
misbehavior	amio le pulea
miscalculation	sese sese
miscarriage	faʻanoanoa
miscellaneous	eseese
miscellany	telefoni
mischief	leaga
mischievous	leaga
misconception	sese sese
misconduct	amio le pulea
misdemeanor	misdemeanor
misdirection	sese
miser	faanoanoa
miserable	faanoanoa
miserably	leaga
misery	faanoanoa
misfire	sese
misfit	sese
misfortune	mala
misguided	NO TRANSLATION
mishap	faʻanoanoa
misinformed	le malamalama
misinterpretation	faʻamatalaga sese
mislead	taufaasese
misleading	taufaasese
misled	faʻasese
mismanagement	faʻaleagaina
mismatch	toso
mismatched	le faʻafefe
misnomer	valea
misplace	le malamalama
misplaced	sese
misread	sese le faitauina
misrepresent	sese
misrepresentation	faʻamatalaga sese
misrepresented	faaseseina
miss	misi
missile	fanafana
missiles	fana
missing	misi
missingyou	NO TRANSLATION
mission	misiona
missionary	faifeautalai
misspell	Misspell
misstatement	sese
missy	faʻanoanoa
mist	pua
mistake	sese
mistaken	sese
mister	sui
mistletoe	faʻafeiloaʻi
mistreated	agaleagaina
mistress	tamaʻitaʻi
mistrial	faila pepelo
mistrust	le talitonu
misty	sese
misunderstand	le malamalama
misunderstanding	le malamalama
misunderstood	le malamalama sese
misuse	faʻaaoga sese
mite	mite
miter	pusi
mitigate	faʻafefe
mitigating	mitiga
mitigation	mitiga
mitt	mitt
mitten	NO TRANSLATION
mitzvah	mitamita
mix	fefiloi
mixed	fefiloi
mixedemotions	tuufaatasiga
mixer	paluga
mixture	paluga
mnemonic	faʻamaonia
moan	moan
moat	tama
mob	tagata leaga
mobile	telefoni
mobility	uiga
mobilization	faʻapotopotoina
mobilize	faʻatautaia
mobster	faʻasalaga
mocha	Mocha
mock	ulagia
mocked	ulagia
mockery	ulagia
mocking	ulagia
mockingbird	mockingbird
mod	Mod
modal	faʻapitoa
modality	faʻalelei
mode	mode
model	faataitaiga
modeler	tagata faʻalelei
modeling	faʻataʻitaʻiga
modem	modem
moderate	talafeagai
moderate anticipation	mafaufau lelei
moderate disgust	amioga le lelei
moderate negative	leaga le lelei
moderate positive	amio lelei
moderate surprise	foliga le mautonu
moderate trust	faʻatuatuaina lelei
moderately	talafeagai
moderating	faʻatulagaga
moderation	amio lelei
moderator	faila
modern	aso nei
modernism	modernism
modest	tauagafau
modesty	tauagafau
modicum	faʻavae
modifiable	fesuiaiga
modification	fesuiaiga
modified	fetuunai
modify	sui
modulate	teuteu
modulation	fetuunaiga
module	module
modulus	tala faʻatusa
mogul	mogul
moiety	lagona
moist	susu
moisture	susu
moisturizer	fufulu suavai
molar	Molar
molasses	Molasses
mold	siaki
molded	mamanu
molding	fausaga
moldy	mamanu
mole	mole
molecular	molécula
molecule	molimula
molest	leaga
molestation	faʻalavelave
molester	mole
molten	gaosia
mom	tina
moment	taimi
momentary	taimi le tumau
momentous	taua
momentum	malosi
momma	momma
mommy	tina
monad	monada
monarch	tupu
monarchy	pule tupu
monastery	monastery
monastic	monastic
monetary	tupe
money	tupe
mongoloid	mongoloid
mongoose	mongoose
mongrel	mongle
monitor	mataitu
monk	monike
monkey	manuki
mono	NO TRANSLATION
monochrome	monochrome
monogamous	monogame
monogamy	toʻalua
monogram	monogram
monogrammed	faʻasologa
monograph	monograph
monolayer	monolayer
monolith	monolith
monologue	monologue
monopolist	monopolist
monopoly	monopoly
monotonous	monotonous
monotony	monotony
monoxide	monoxide
monsieur	monsieur
monsoon	minu
monster	monster
monstrosity	mataʻutia
monstrous	mataʻutia
montage	faʻatulagaina
monte	alu
month	masina
monthly	masina taʻitasi
monument	maafaamanatu
monumental	mataʻutia
moo	Moo
mooch	mooch
mood	lagona
moods	lagona
moody	itavale
moon	masina
moonbeam	moonbeam
moonlight	masina masina
moonlit	masinalit
moonshine	moonshine
moonstruck	moonstruck
moonwalk	masinawalk
moor	au
moored	faʻanoanoa
mooring	faʻailoga
moorings	taʻaloga
moorland	moorland
moose	lefo
moot	tau
mooted	faʻanoanoa
mop	mop
mope	mope
moped	solo
moral	amio mama
morale	agaga
morality	ola mama
morals	amio lelei
morass	morass
moratorium	moratorium
moray	moray
morbid	leaga
morbidity	maʻi
morbidness	maʻi
mores	mea leaga
morgue	morgue
moribund	moribund
morn	taeao
morning	taeao
moron	talo
moronic	mimilo
morose	Morose
morph	morph
morphine	morphine
morphism	morphism
morphology	faʻataʻitaʻiga
morrow	taeao
morsel	meaai
mortal	faaletino
mortality	olaga faitino
mortar	moli
mortgage	mokesi
mortgagee	tagata mokesi
mortgagor	mokesi
mortician	fomaʻi
mortification	maliu
mortified	faʻamaʻi
mortuary	fale maliu
mosaic	mosaic
mosey	mosey
mosque	mosque
mosquito	namu
moss	moa
mossy	mossy
mote	NO TRANSLATION
motel	faletalimalo
moth	moa
mother	tina
motherfucker	tinapacker
motherfucking	tinapaina
motherhood	tulaga faatina
motherland	tinaland
motherless	tina leai
motherly	tina
motif	mafuaaga
motion	lafo
motionless	leai se mea
motivate	faaosofia
motivating	faaosofia
motivation	uunaʻiga
motivational	faaosofia
motive	motuga
motley	motusite
motor	uila
motorbike	uila
motorboat	uila afi
motorcade	uila afi
motorcar	uila
motorcycle	uila afi
motorist	uila
motte	motuga
mottled	motusia
motto	motuga
mould	siaki
mound	faaputuga
mount	mauga
mountain	mauga
mountaineer	mauga
mountainous	mauga
mountains	mauga
mountaintop	mauga
mourn	faanoanoa
mournful	faanoanoa
mourning	faanoanoaga
mouse	kiota
mousetrap	mumu
mousse	foamu
moustache	musika
mousy	moa
mouth	gutu
mouthful	gutu
mouthpiece	gutu
mouthwash	gutu
movable	feaveaʻi
move	siitia
movement	gaioiga
mover	faʻafefe
movie	tifaga
movies	tifaga
moving	siitia
movingforward	NO TRANSLATION
movingon	feoai
mow	moa
mower	moa
moxie	Moxie
mozzarella	mozzarella
mri	mri
muchneeded	NO TRANSLATION
mucis	NO TRANSLATION
muck	muck
mucked	ulavale
mucous	mucous
mucus	kulupu
mud	palapala
muddle	palapala
muddled	lapisi
muddy	pala
muff	muff
muffin	mumu
muffled	muffled
muffler	muffler
mug	muʻu
mugger	mugger
mulberry	mulberry
mulch	mulch
mule	mule
mull	mull
mullet	mulilulu
multilateral	telefoni
multimedia	multimedia
multinational	telefoni
multiple	tele
multiple sclerosis	tele sikula
multiplex	teleplex
multiplication	faʻateleina
multiplicity	tele
multiplied	faateleina
multiplier	faʻateleina
multiply	faʻatele
multitude	toatele
mum	tina
mumble	mumu
mumbo	mumbo
mummy	mummy
mumps	mamanu
munch	munch
munchies	munchies
munchkin	munchkin
mundane	mundane
municipal	faletalimalo
municipality	malo
mural	murale
murder	fasioti tagata
murderer	fasioti tagata
murderess	fasioti tagata
murderous	fasioti tagata
murky	le mautonu
murmur	muimui
muscle	muso
muscular	musika
muse	muse
muses	muses
museum	falemataaga
mush	NO TRANSLATION
mushroom	mushroom
mushy	mushy
music	musika
musical	musika
musician	musika
musing	musing
musk	Musk
musket	musika
musketeer	musketeer
muskrat	muskrat
muslin	muslin
muss	NO TRANSLATION
must	tatau
mustang	mustang
mustard	sinapi
muster	faʻailoa
musty	tatau
mutable	mafai ona faʻaaogaina
mutant	mutant
mutate	mutate
mutation	suiga
mute	mute
muted	muted
mutilate	faʻafefe
mutilated	mutilated
mutilation	faʻamaʻi
mutiny	faalumaina
mutt	mutt
mutter	NO TRANSLATION
mutton	mutton
mutual	fegalegaleaiga
mutually	tasi
muzzle	paʻu
myfavorite	loʻu fiafia
myopia	myopia
myopic	myopic
myriad	le faitau sefulu
mysterious	mea lilo
mystery	mea lilo
mystic	malosi
mystical	mystical
mysticism	fomaʻi
mystified	faʻamalosi
mystique	mystique
myth	tala fatu
mythic	tala fatu
mythical	tala faʻasolopito
mythological	tala faasolopito
mythology	tala faasolopito
nab	au
nacho	toso
nada	NO TRANSLATION
nadir	nadir
nag	NO TRANSLATION
nail	fao
nail gun	fao pulu
naive	naiva
naked	le lavalava
nakedness	le lavalavā
namaste	NO TRANSLATION
name	igoa
named	igoa
nameless	leai se igoa
namesake	igoa igoa
naming	faaigoaina
nana	nana
nanny	nanny
nanometer	nanometer
nap	toso
napalm	solo
nape	nape
napkin	solo
napping	taofiga
nappy	fiafia
narcissism	faʻasoesa
narcissist	failautusi
narcissistic	tala faʻatau
narcotic	nakoti
narrate	faʻamatala
narration	tala
narrative	tala
narrator	faʻamatala
narrow	vaapiapi
narrowing	vavalalata
nasal	fofo
nascent	agavaʻa
nasty	leaga
natal	natal
nation	malo
national	malo
nationality	tagatanuu
nationwide	i le lalolagi atoa
native	tagatanuu
nativity	fanau mai
natural	natura
natural gas	kesi masani
naturalist	tagata masani
naturalization	naturalization
naturalized	naturalized
naturally	natura
nature	natura
naught	leai se mea
naughty	valea
nausea	taʻavale
nauseate	faʻafiafia
nauseating	faʻaaogaina
nauseous	tausaafia
nautical	taotoga
nautilus	nautilus
naval	vaʻa
nave	nave
navel	pulu
navigable	faʻataʻavalevale
navigate	folau
navigation	folauga
navigational	folauga
navigator	tagata folau
navy	naval
nay	NO TRANSLATION
nearsighted	leai se vaaiga
neat	mataʻutia
neatly	mataʻutia
nebula	nebula
nebulae	talafou
nebulous	le ofoofogia
necessarily	talafeagai
necessary	talafeagai
necessitate	tatau ai
necessities	mea e manaʻomia
necessity	tatau ai
neck	ua
necklace	filifili
necktie	ū
necromancer	le mautonu
necrosis	necrosis
nectar	nectar
need	manaʻomia
needalife	NO TRANSLATION
needed	manaʻomia
needful	manaʻomia
needit	NO TRANSLATION
needle	nila
needlepoint	togi
needles	nila
needless	leai se aoga
needtoknow	manaʻomia
needtorelax	NO TRANSLATION
needy	lē tagolima
nefarious	leaga
negation	fouvale
negative	leaga
negativity	agavaʻa
neglect	faʻatamala
neglected	le amanaiaina
neglecting	le amanaiaina
negligee	faatalale
negligence	faatamala
negligent	faatamala
negligently	NO TRANSLATION
negligible	leai se totogi
negotiable	faʻamaonia
negotiate	talanoa
negotiation	feutagaiga
negotiator	tagata faufautua
negro	agavaʻa
neigh	tuaoi
neighbor	tuaoi
neighborhood	tuaoi
neighboring	tuaoi
nemesis	nemesis
neon	neon
neonatal	aʻafia
neophyte	neophyte
neoprene	neoprene
nephew	tuagane
nepotism	Nepotism
nerd	nerd
nerdy	nerdy
nerve	namu
nerves	neura
nervous	popole
nervousness	popole
nervouswreck	NO TRANSLATION
nervy	NO TRANSLATION
ness	ness
nest	nusi
nestle	fale
nestling	faʻailoga
net	upega
nether	pito i lalo
netting	upega
nettle	manogi
network	fesoʻotaiga
networking	upega tafailagi
neural	neural
neuralgia	nunuʻu
neurological	neurological
neurologist	neurologist
neurology	neurology
neurosis	neurosis
neurosurgeon	neurosurgeon
neurosurgery	neurosurgery
neurotic	neurotic
neuter	neuter
neutral	le faʻaituau
neutrality	solitū
neutralize	faʻamavae
neutron	neutron
new	fou
new age	tausaga fou
newbeginnings	NO TRANSLATION
newborn	pepe fou
newcomer	tagata fou
newday	aso fou
newfound	fou
newjob	NO TRANSLATION
newlife	fou fou
newly	fou
newlywed	faatoa faaipoipo
newme	fou fou
newness	fou
news	talafou
newscast	talafou
newscaster	talafou
newsflash	talafou
newsletter	newsletter
newsman	tagata talafou
newspaper	nusipepa
newspaperman	tagata nusipepa
newsreel	talafou
newsroom	nusipepa
newsstand	faletusi
newstart	newstart
newt	fou
newyear	NO TRANSLATION
nexus	nofo ai
nib	tua
nibble	meaʻai
nice	manaia
niche	niche
nichts	NO TRANSLATION
nick	nick
nickel	nickel
nickname	igoa tauvalaau
nicotine	nicotine
niece	teine
nifty	maualuluga
nigger	nalu
nigh	latalata
night	po
nightcap	lapoʻa
nightclub	fale kalapu
nightfall	po
nightgown	pogisa
nightie	po
nightingale	nightingale
nightlife	olaga faitino
nightly	po
nightmare	moemiti
nightmares	moe malulu
nightstand	nofoa malologa
nightstick	po
nighttime	po
nihilism	nihilism
nil	nil
nimble	nimble
nimrod	nimrod
nincompoop	nincompoop
nine	iva
nineteen	sefulu ma le iva
ninety	iva sefulu
ninja	ninja
ninny	ninii
nintendo	nintendo
ninth	tulaga iva
nip	toso
nipper	toso
nipple	susu
nippy	le fiafia
nitrate	gaʻo
nitro	nitro
nitrogen	gaʻo
nitrous	meaola
nitwit	nitwit
nix	Nix
no anticipation	leai se faʻamoemoe
no disgust	leai se mea leaga
no emotion	leai se lagona
no sentiment	leai se lagona
no surprise	leai se mea e ofo ai
no trust	leai se faʻatuatua
nobility	mamalu
noble	tamalii
nobleman	tamalii
nobodycares	NO TRANSLATION
nocomplaints	NO TRANSLATION
nocturnal	aoauli
nod	lue
nodding	nodding
node	pona
nodular	nodular
nodule	nodule
noggin	Noggin
nohope	NO TRANSLATION
noir	paʻu
noise	pisa
noisy	pisapisao
nomad	igoa
nomadic	nomadic
nomenclature	nomenclature
nominal	igoa
nominate	filifilia
nomination	filifiliga
nominee	sui filifilia
nonce	leai
nonchalant	nonchalant
noncompliance	le tausisia
nondescript	nondescript
nonexistent	leai
nonfat	nonfat
nonfiction	leai se aoga
nonpayment	totogi aitalafu
nonresident	le nofomau
nonsense	sese
nonsensical	leai se mafaufauga
nonviolent	leai se mea
noob	Noob
noodle	Noodle
nook	leai
noon	aoauli
noose	nunu
nopoint	NO TRANSLATION
noregrets	NO TRANSLATION
norm	masani
normal	masani
normalcy	masani
normality	masani
north	matu
northbound	matu
northeast	matusisifo
northern	i matu
northwest	matu i sisifo
northwestern	northwestern
noschool	NO TRANSLATION
nose	isu
nosebleed	mataʻu
nosey	taliga
nosnow	tatou iloa
nostalgia	leai se faʻanoanoa
nostalgic	leai
nostress	NO TRANSLATION
nostril	afiafi
nosun	NO TRANSLATION
nosy	taliga
not negative	e le leaga
not positive	e le lelei
notable	iloga
notables	taʻutaʻua
notably	aemaise lava
notamorningperson	NO TRANSLATION
notary	notary
notation	notation
notch	notch
notched	matala
note	tusi
notebook	api
noted	taua
noteworthy	taua
nothappy	NO TRANSLATION
nothingbetter	NO TRANSLATION
nothingness	leai se mea
notice	faʻaaliga
noticeable	iloagofie
notification	faʻamatalaga
notify	logoina
notion	manatu
notional	leai
notoriety	iloga
notorious	logoina
notready	leʻi leva
notwithstanding	e ese mai
nought	leai se mea
noun	igoa
nourish	fafaga
nourishment	fafagaina
nouveau	NO TRANSLATION
novel	tusi
novelist	tusitala
novelty	fou
novice	Novice
nowadays	i aso nei
nowork	nei
noworries	aua popole
noxious	leaga
nozzle	paso
nuance	nuance
nuances	nuances
nuclear	faʻaupu
nucleus	nuʻu
nude	nude
nudge	toso
nudie	nudie
nudist	toso
nudity	mea leaga
nugget	mea leaga
nuisance	leaga
nuke	nuke
nul	NO TRANSLATION
null	leai
nullify	faalēaogā
numb	numera
number	numera
numbering	numera
numbers	numera
numbness	numera
numbskull	numbskull
numeral	numera
numerator	numera
numerical	numera
numerically	numera
numerous	tele
nun	NO TRANSLATION
nunchucks	nunoucks
nunnery	nunnery
nuptials	solo
nurse	tausisoifua
nursemaid	teine ​​tausimai
nursery	vasega pepe
nursing	tausimai
nurture	faafailele
nut	nut
nutcase	paʻu
nutcracker	meaʻai
nuthouse	namu
nutmeg	nutmeg
nutrition	meaai paleni
nutritional	taumafa
nutritious	meaʻai
nutritive	meaʻai
nuts	nati
nutshell	fatu
nutty	meaʻai
nylon	nylon
nylong	NO TRANSLATION
nylons	nylon
nymph	nymph
nymphomaniac	nymphomaniac
oaf	ufi
oak	oak
oar	au
oasis	oasis
oat	oat
oath	tautoga
oatmeal	oatmeal
obedience	usiusitai
obedient	usiusitai
obediently	usiusitai
obelisk	obelisk
obese	feʻaveaʻi
obesity	afaina
obey	usiusitai
obi	loto
obit	obit
obituary	maliu maliu
object	mea faitino
objection	tetee
objectionable	le faʻalavelave
objective	sini
objectivity	mea faitino
obligation	noataga
obligatory	e manaʻomia
oblige	toso
obliged	faʻamalosia
obliging	faʻamalosia
obligor	tagata fai mea
oblique	faʻalavelave
obliterate	faʻaumatia
obliterated	faʻaumatia
obliteration	faʻaumatia
oblivion	le amanaiaina
oblivious	le amanaiaina
oblong	afaina
obnoxious	faʻaleaga
oboe	oboe
obscene	valea
obscenity	amio leaga
obscure	le manino
obscured	faanenefu
obscurity	pouliuli
observance	tausia
observant	matau
observation	matau
observatory	tagata matau
observe	matau
observer	matau
observing	matauina
obsess	mataʻu
obsessed	popole
obsessing	mataʻutia
obsession	mataʻutia
obsessive	mataʻutia
obsolescence	le mautonu
obsolete	ua tuai
obstacle	faʻalavelave
obstetrician	taulaitu
obstetrics	taumatau
obstinate	teteʻe
obstruct	faalavelave
obstruction	faalavelave
obstructive	faʻalavelave
obtain	maua
obtainable	maua
obtuse	maua
obverse	teteʻe
obvious	manino
ocarina	ocarina
occasion	taimi
occasional	taimi
occasionally	i nisi taimi
occipital	pito i tua
occlusion	togiaso
occult	faʻailoga
occupancy	nofo
occupant	nofo
occupation	galuega
occupational	galuega
occupied	nofoia
occupier	tagata nofoia
occupy	nofo
occupying	nofo
occur	tupu
occurrence	tupuga
ocd	ocd
ocean	vasa
oceanic	vasa
octagon	uʻa
octave	tatala
octopus	taʻavale
ocular	ocular
odd	leaga
oddball	taʻavale
oddity	agavaʻa
odds	faigata
ode	fafo
odious	leaga
odometer	odometer
odor	manogi
odyssey	lanu
oedipal	oedipal
oestrogen	estrogen
oeuvre	NO TRANSLATION
offal	faʻasalaga
offence	solitulafono
offend	ita
offended	ita
offender	tagata solitulafono
offense	solitulafono
offensive	ita
offer	ofo
offered	ofo atu
offering	ofo atu
offhand	faʻailoga
office	tofi
officer	tagata ofisa
offices	ofisa
official	aloaia
officiate	faʻatautaia
offing	tuʻuina atu
offload	mamafa
offset	faʻasalaga
offshoot	faʻasalaga
offshore	fafo
offside	i fafo
offspring	fanau
oft	tele
oftentimes	tele taimi
ogre	opu
ohdear	NO TRANSLATION
ohgod	NO TRANSLATION
ohno	ohno
ohshit	NO TRANSLATION
oil	suauu
oils	suauu
oily	ia
oink	mafaufau
ointment	suauu
okra	okra
old	tuai
olden	tuai
older	matua
oldie	tuai
oldies	tuai
olfactory	olfactory
oligarchy	oligarchy
olive	olive
omega	omega
omelet	Omelet
omen	faailoga
omgomgomg	NO TRANSLATION
ominous	faʻapena
omission	leai se mea
omit	aveese
omitted	leai
omnibus	malolo
omnipotence	malosi atoatoa
omnipotent	pule aoao
omnipresent	i nofoaga uma
omniscient	mea uma
onboard	luga
oncologist	oncologist
oncology	oncology
oncoming	oʻo mai
one	tasi
oneday	NO TRANSLATION
onedge	talo
onelove	tasi le alofa
oneness	tasi
onerous	tasi
oneself	ia lava
ongoing	faaauau pea
onion	riki
onset	amata
onslaught	osofaiga
onstage	luga
ontology	togi
onus	luga
onward	agai i luma
onyx	onyx
oodles	oodles
oomph	oomph
ooze	ooze
oozing	toso
op	op
opacity	opacity
opal	opal
opaque	opaque
ope	faagaioiga
open	tatala
opener	tatala
opening	tatalaina
openly	faʻaalia
openness	tatala
opera	opera
operate	faagaoioia
operatic	opera
operation	faagaioiga
operational	faagaoioiga
operations	gaioiga
operative	faagaioia
operator	tagata faʻapipiʻi
ophthalmic	ophtalmic
ophthalmologist	fomaʻi
opiate	opiate
opinion	manatu
opinionated	manatu
opium	opium
opponent	tagata tetee
opportune	avanoa
opportunism	avanoa
opportunity	avanoa
oppose	tetee
opposed	faatuiese
opposing	tetee
opposite	faʻafeagai
opposites	tetee
opposition	teteega
oppress	faʻasauā
oppressed	faʻasauā
oppression	faʻasauā
oppressive	faʻaleagaina
oppressor	tagata sauā
ops	laʻau
opt	filifili
optic	opiki
optical	filifili
optics	auiliiliga
optimism	manatu lelei
optimist	manatu lelei
optimistic	manatu lelei
optimum	sili ona lelei
option	filifiliga
optional	filifiliga
optionally	filifiliga
options	filifiliga
optometrist	optometrist
opulence	opulence
opulent	opu
opus	opus
oracle	tautalaga
oral	tautala tautala
orange	lanu moli
orange juice	sua moli
orangutan	orangutan
oration	talo
orator	failauga
oratory	failauga
orb	vaitusi
orbit	taofiofi
orbital	faʻaipoipo
orbiting	taofiofi
orbs	laʻau
orc	po o
orchard	togavao
orchestra	aufaʻaili
orchid	toso
ordained	faauuina
ordeal	faʻalavelave
order	poloaiga
orderly	maopoopo
ordinance	sauniga
ordinary	masani
ordination	faauuga
ordnance	faasologa
ore	uʻamea
oregano	oregano
organ	okeni
organic	organic
organism	totoga
organist	okeni
organization	faalapotopotoga
organize	faatulaga
organized	faatulagaina
organizer	faatulagaina
orgasm	vailaʻau
orgies	osofaiga
orgy	fealofani
orient	orient orient
oriental	sasaʻe
orientation	aʻoaʻoga
orifice	vaʻai
origami	togi
origin	amataga
original	muamua
originality	faʻamuamua
originate	mafua mai
origination	amataga
originator	tagata faʻatupu
ornament	teuteu
ornamental	mea teuteu
ornamentation	teuteuga
ornamented	teuteuina
ornate	faʻanoanoa
ornery	faʻanoanoa
orphan	tamaitiiti matuaoti
orphanage	tamaiti nofofua
orphaned	tagata matuaoti
orthodontist	fomaʻi
orthodox	faʻailoga
orthodoxy	fomaʻi
orthogonal	faʻailoga
orthopedic	faʻasolosolo
oscillate	oscillate
oscillating	oscillating
oscillation	solo
oscillatory	oscillatory
ostensible	ostensible
ostensibly	e foliga mai
ostentatious	mea faʻapitoa
ostracized	faatea
ostrich	ostrich
other	isi
otter	otter
otto	otto
ottoman	Ottoman
ought	tatau
ounce	aunese
oust	solo
outage	fafo
outback	fafo
outbid	fafo
outboard	fafo
outbreak	afā
outburst	ita
outcast	tuusaunoa
outcome	iuga
outcry	alaga
outdated	leʻi leva
outdo	fafo
outdoor	fafo
outdoors	i fafo
outer	fafo
outfit	lapisi
outgoing	alu ese
outgrow	sili atu
outgrowth	sili atu
outhouse	fale
outing	fafo atu
outlandish	fafo
outlast	fafo
outlaw	tulafono
outlet	fafo
outline	otootoga
outlines	otootoga
outlive	sola ese
outlook	vaaiga mamao
outlying	fafo
outnumber	fafo atu
outpatient	tagata aʻoga
outpost	fale faʻapitoa
outpouring	sasaa
output	galuega faatino
outrage	ita
outraged	ita
outrageous	ita tele
outrank	fafo
outreach	aʻafia atu
outright	saʻo lava
outrun	fafo atu
outset	amata
outsider	fafo
outskirts	talafatai
outsmart	fafo
outspoken	le fiafia
outstanding	leai se mea
outstretched	faʻaloloa
outward	fafo
outwards	fafo
outweigh	sili atu
outwit	leai se mea
oval	oval
ovary	ovary
ovate	ovate
ovation	faiva
oven	ogaumu
overactive	feoloolo
overall	atoa
overalls	mea manogi
overbearing	osofaʻi
overburden	mamafa tele
overcast	mamafa
overcharged	totogi tele
overcoat	lapisi
overcome	manumalo
overcoming	manumalo
overcrowded	sili atu
overdo	sili atu
overdose	faʻalavelave
overdrive	faʻamalosi
overdue	leai
overestimate	faʻamalosi
overestimated	sili ona maualuga
overflow	masuasua
overflowing	fufuluina
overgrown	televave
overgrowth	sili atu
overhanging	solo
overhaul	faʻaitiitia
overhead	luga
overhear	faʻalogo
overheated	feololo
overjoyed	fiafia tele
overkill	togi
overlaid	ufiufi
overlap	faʻafefe
overlapping	gaʻo
overlay	ufiufi
overload	mamafa
overlook	le amanaiaina
overlord	pule sili
overlying	i luga
overpaid	totogi tele
overpass	sili atu
overplayed	le mautonu
overpower	manumalo
overpowering	manumalo
overpriced	telefoni
overprotective	leai se faʻamalosi
overrated	faʻasolosolo
overreact	le mautonu
override	solo
overriding	faʻasolosolo
overrule	solo
overrun	sili atu
oversee	vaaia
overseer	ovasia
overshadow	ufiufi
oversight	vaavaaiga
oversized	televave
overslept	sili atu
overstate	sili atu
overstock	lapisi
overt	togi
overtake	maua
overtaken	togia
overthemoon	NO TRANSLATION
overthinker	gatasi
overthinking	faʻaleagaina
overthrow	faatoilaloina
overtime	ova taimi
overtired	faʻasolosolo
overture	toesea
overturn	solo
overview	vaaiga lautele
overweight	mamafa tele
overwhelm	lofituina
overwhelmed	lofituina
overwhelming	lofituina
overworked	sili atu
overwrought	faʻaleagaina
overzealous	loto maelega
owe	aitalafu
owing	aitalafu
owl	liki
owner	pule
ownership	pule
ox	povi
oxidation	oxidation
oxide	uila
oxygen	okesene
oxymoron	oxymoron
oyster	lapisi
ozone	ozone
pace	saoasaoa
pacemaker	suauu masini
pacific	pacific
pacified	faʻamaonia
pacifier	pacifier
pacifist	pacifist
pacify	faʻalelei
pacing	sopo
pack	afifi
package	afifi
packaging	afifiina
packer	faila
packet	pepa
pact	feagaiga
pad	papa
padded	faʻa
padding	paʻu
paddle	papa
paddle boat	vaʻa momoe
paddock	papa
paddy	paddy
padlock	tapuni
padre	NO TRANSLATION
paean	paean
pagan	faapaupau
paganism	faapaupau
page	itulau
pageant	faʻailoga
pager	pager
pagination	paina
paging	paʻu
pagoda	pagoda
pail	pulu
pain	tiga
pained	tiga
painful	tiga
painfully	tiga
painkiller	pulu
painless	leai se afaina
pains	tiga
painstaking	faʻailoga
paint	vali
paintball	paʻalo
paintbrush	pulumu vali
painted	vali
painter	tusiata
painting	atavali
pair	paʻu
paisley	paisley
pajama	pajama
pajamas	pajamas
pal	pala
palace	maota
palatable	pala
palate	palate
pale	pale
paleontology	paleontology
palette	paleti
pall	pall
palladium	palladium
pallet	paleti
palliative	faʻamalosi
palm	pama
palmer	palmer
palomino	palomino
palpable	faʻamalosi
palpitations	paʻu
palsy	supa
paltry	vaivai
pamper	faʻatau
pamphlet	tamai tusi
pan	pan
panacea	panacea
panache	panache
pancake	pancake
pancakes	pancakes
pancreas	pancreas
panda	panda
pandemic	faʻamaʻi
pandemonium	pandemonium
pane	tali
panel	laulau
pang	NO TRANSLATION
panhandle	panhandle
panic	popole
panicattack	NO TRANSLATION
panicked	fefe
panicking	popole
panicky	panicky
panier	NO TRANSLATION
panorama	panorama
panoramic	panoramic
pansy	pansy
pant	pusa
pantheon	pantheon
panther	panther
panties	ofu talatala
pantomime	pantomime
pantry	faletalimalo
pants	sisi
panty	pulupulu
pantyhose	pantyhose
pap	Pap
papa	Papa
papacy	Papacy
papal	NO TRANSLATION
papaya	papaya
paper	pepa
paperback	pepa pepa
paperboy	pepa pepa
paperweight	pepa pepa
paperwork	pepa pepa
paprika	Paprika
papyrus	papyrus
par	NO TRANSLATION
parable	faataoto
parabola	faʻapipiʻi
parabolic	pepelo
parachute	parachute
parade	faʻailoga
paradigm	tala faʻatusa
paradise	palataiso
paradox	faʻamaonia
paradoxical	faʻamaonia
paraffin	parafoni
paragon	paʻu
paragraph	palakalafa
parakeet	parakeeti
paralegal	faiva
parallax	parallax
parallel	tutusa
parallelism	tutusa tutusa
paralysis	maʻi pipili
paralyze	paʻu
paralyzed	faʻamaʻi
paramedic	fomaʻi
paramedics	fomaʻi
paramilitary	mea faʻapitoa
paramount	sili ona taua
paranoia	faʻamalosi
paranoid	taʻavale
paranormal	paranormal
parapet	faʻasologa
paraphernalia	mea faʻaleagaina
paraphrase	toe faaupuina
paraplegic	paraplegic
parasite	parasite
parasitic	parasitic
parasol	parasol
parcel	fasi fanua
parcels	pusa
parched	mūmū
parchment	palapala
pardon	faamagalo
pare	NO TRANSLATION
parenchyma	parenchyma
parent	matua
parentage	matua
parental	matua
parenthesis	NO TRANSLATION
parenthetical	matua
parenthood	tulaga faamatua
parenting	matua
pariah	pariah
parietal	parietal
paring	faʻatasi
parish	falesa
parity	lotogatasi
park	paka
parka	Parka
parking	paka
parkinsons	parkinsons
parlance	parlance
parlay	solo
parliament	palemene
parliamentary	Palemene
parlor	potu malolo
parmesan	parmesan
parody	parody
parole	palola
parquet	fola
parrot	fala
parry	parry
parse	solo
parsimonious	parsimonious
parsimony	parsimony
parsley	pasili
parson	vave
part	vaega
partake	'ai
partial	vaega
partiality	faʻaaloalo
partially	vaega
participant	tagata auai
participate	auai
participation	auai
particle	mea itiiti
particular	faapitoa
particularity	faapitoa
particulars	auiliiliga
parting	vavae
partisan	fomaʻi
partisanship	vavalalata
partition	vaeluaga
partly	vaega
partner	paaga
partnership	paaga
partridge	paterika
parts	vaega
party	pati
pas	NO TRANSLATION
pass	pasi
passable	faʻasalalau
passage	fuaitau
passageway	auala
passe	NO TRANSLATION
passenger	pasese
passim	NO TRANSLATION
passing	pasi
passion	naunau
passionate	naunau
passive	pasi
passivity	pasi
passkey	pasika
passport	tusifolau
password	numera e le iloa e sesi
past	tuanaʻi
pasta	pasta
paste	faapipii
pastel	pastel
pastime	taimi masani
pastor	faifeʻau
pastrami	pastrami
pastry	falaoamata
pasture	meaʻai
pasty	toso
pat	pat
patch	patch
patchwork	patchwork
pate	pate
patella	patella
patent	pateni
patented	pateni
paternal	paternal
paternity	paternity
path	ala
pathetic	faʻanoanoa
pathological	maʻi faʻaleaga
pathologist	fomaʻi
pathology	togafitiga
pathos	NO TRANSLATION
pathway	auala
patience	onosai
patient	onosai
patio	patio
patriarch	peteriaka
patriarchal	peteriaka
patrimony	tamaʻitaʻi
patriot	lotonuu
patriotic	lotonuu
patriotism	lotonuu
patrol	leoleo
patrolman	tagata palota
patron	lagolago
patronage	lagolago
patronising	faʻamaonia
patronize	faʻamalosi
patronizing	faʻamaonia
patter	pateni
pattern	mamanu
paucity	vaivai
pauper	pauva
pause	malolo
pave	pave
pavement	laupapa
pavilion	faapaologa
paving	paʻu
paw	paʻu
pawn	pawn
pawnshop	pawnshop
pax	pax
pay	totogi
payable	totogi
payback	toe totogi
paycheck	totogi siaki
payday	aso totogi
payer	totogi
payload	totogi totogi
payment	totogi
payoff	totogi motu
payout	totogi
payphone	totogi telefoni
payroll	totogi salalau
pea	pea
peace	filemu
peaceable	filemu
peaceful	filemu
peacefully	filemu
peacekeeper	leoleo filemu
peaceofmind	NO TRANSLATION
peacetime	peʻa
peach	peach
peachy	peachy
peacock	suauʻu
peak	pito i luga
peaked	faʻatumu
peanut	peanati
peanuts	peanesi
pear	pear
pearl	penina
pearly	pearly
peas	pi
peasant	tagata faiva
peat	peat
pebble	maa
pecan	pecan
peck	tauva
pecker	pecker
peculiar	ese
peculiarities	mea faʻapitoa
peculiarity	tulaga ese
peculiarly	tulaga ese
pecuniary	tupe
pedal	laʻau
pedantic	vaʻai
peddle	fana
peddler	uila
pedestal	vaevaega
pedestrian	uila
pediatric	tamaititi
pediatrician	tamaititi
pediatrics	tamaititi
pedicure	vili
pedigree	gafa
pedometer	pedometer
pedophile	fati
pee	faʻatau
peek	tilotilo
peekaboo	peekaboo
peel	solo
peep	peep
peeper	peeper
peephole	ata
peer	tupulaga
peering	vaʻai
peerless	leai se mea
peeved	faʻailoa
peg	pi
pegs	pine
peice	NO TRANSLATION
pelagic	leaga
pelican	pelikani
pellet	pellet
pelvic	pelvic
pelvis	pelvis
pen	peni
penal	faasalaga
penalty	faasalaga
penance	penance
penchant	penchant
pencil	penitala
pendant	pipi
pendency	agavaʻa
pendent	NO TRANSLATION
pending	faatalitali
pendulum	tala faʻatusa
penetrate	ulufale i totonu
penetrating	ulufale
penetration	ulufale
penguin	penguin
penicillin	penisillin
penile	penile
peninsula	peninsula
penis	penisina
penitent	salamo
penitentiary	falepuipui
penmanship	tusitusi
pennant	tagata
penniless	leai se totogi
penny	penny
pension	penisione
pensioner	penisione
pensive	pensive
pentagon	pentagon
pentagram	pentagram
penthouse	faletalimalo
penultimate	tausaga mulimuli
people	tagata
peopled	peopled
pep	pep
pepper	pepa
peppermint	moli pepa
pepperoni	pepperoni
peppy	fiafia
peptic	peptic
peptide	peptide
perceive	iloa
percent	pasene
percentage	pasene
percentile	pasene
perceptible	lē iloa
perception	manatu
perceptive	mafaufauga
perch	perch
perchance	i se tulaga
percolation	faʻasologa
percussion	tui
perdition	malaia
peremptory	peremptory
perennial	faʻailoa
perfect	atoatoa
perfection	atoatoa
perfectionist	perfectionist
perfecto	NO TRANSLATION
perforated	faʻasolosolo
perforation	toso
perforce	faʻamalosia
perform	faia
performance	faatinoga
performer	tagata fai mea
perfume	manogi
perfumed	manogi
peri	peri
peridot	faʻasologa
peril	faʻalavelave
perilous	matautia
perimeter	nofoaga
period	taimi
periodic	taimi faʻapitoa
periodical	taimi faʻapitoa
periodically	taimi taʻitasi
periodicity	vaitaimi
peripheral	lautele
periphery	tua
periscope	periscope
perish	fano
perishable	pala
perished	fano
perishing	faʻaumatia
perjury	pepelo
perk	perk
perky	faʻatau
perm	perm
permanence	tumau
permanent	tumau
permeable	faʻamalosi
permeate	faʻatasi
permeation	paʻu
permissible	faatagaina
permission	faatagaga
permissive	loto malie
permit	pemita
permitted	faatagaina
permitting	faʻatagaina
permutation	faʻasologa
pernicious	leaga
peroxide	peroxide
perpendicular	tutusa
perpetrate	faaauau pea
perpetrator	tagata faʻamalosi
perpetual	faʻaauau
perpetually	faʻaauau
perpetuate	faaauau pea
perpetuation	faʻaauau
perpetuity	tumau
perplexed	atuatuvale
perplexing	le mautonu
perplexity	atuatuvale
persecute	sauaina
persecution	sauaga
perseverance	onosaʻi
persevere	tumau
persist	faʻaauau
persistence	mausali
persistent	tumau
persisting	faaauau pea
person	tagata
persona	NO TRANSLATION
personable	malosi
personage	peresona
personal	patino
personality	uiga
personification	tagata
personnel	tagata faigaluega
persons	tagata
perspective	vaaiga
perspiration	afu
persuade	faatauanau
persuasion	faatauanau
persuasive	faatauanau
pert	maua
pertinent	talafeagai
perturbation	faʻalavelave
pertussis	peritussis
perusal	faʻasalaga
peruse	faitau
pervading	paluga
perverse	fefinauaʻi
perversion	faʻasoesa
pervert	faʻasoesa
perverted	fesuiaʻi
pesky	leaga
pessimism	le mautonu
pessimist	leai se mafaufau
pessimistic	leai se faamoemoe
pest	meaʻai
pester	leaga
pestilence	faʻamaʻi
pestle	pestle
pesto	pesto
pet	peti
petal	petal
petite	laiti
petition	talosaga
petitioner	talosaga
petloss	NO TRANSLATION
petpeeve	NO TRANSLATION
petrified	faʻasalaga
petrify	faanatinati
petrol	penisini
petroleum	penisini
petticoat	faʻailoga
petting	faʻailoa
petty	itiiti
petulant	talotalo
petunia	petunia
pew	pew
pewter	pewter
peyote	NO TRANSLATION
phalanx	phalanx
phantom	matagofie
pharaoh	pharaoh
pharmaceutical	fomaʻi
pharmacist	fomaʻi
pharmacology	falemaʻi
pharmacy	fale talavai
phase	vaega
pheasant	uila
phenomenal	maofa
phenomenon	mea ofoofogia
pheromone	pheromone
phew	phew
phi	phi
philanthropic	agalelei
philanthropist	tagata alofa
philanthropy	agalelei
philistine	philistine
philosopher	filosofia
philosophic	filosofia
philosophical	filosofia
philosophy	filosofia
phlegm	phlegm
pho	pho
phobia	phobia
phoenix	phoenix
phone	telefoni
phonetic	phonetic
phonetics	phonetics
phonics	phonics
phonograph	phonograph
phonology	Phonology
phony	phony
phooey	leo
phosphate	phosphate
phosphor	fugala
phosphorus	fumela
photo	ata
photogenic	photogenic
photograph	ata
photographer	tagata pueata
photographic	ata pue
photography	ata pue
photometry	photometry
photon	photon
phrase	fuaitau
phraseology	fasifuaitau
phylogeny	phylogeny
physical	faaletino
physical therapist	fomaʻi togafitiga
physician	fomaʻi
physicist	fomaʻi
physics	fisiki
physiological	physiological
physiology	physiology
physique	tino
pi	pi
pianist	ta piano
piano	piano
piazza	piazza
piccolo	NO TRANSLATION
pick	filifili
picked	filifilia
picker	toso
picket	piko
picketing	meaʻai
pickle	piko
pickled	taloina
pickpocket	Pickpocket
pickup	piki i luga
picky	toso
picnic	tafaoga
pictorial	ata
picture	ata
pictures	ata
picturesque	matagofie
pie	pai
piece	fasi pepa
piecemeal	fasi pepa
pieceofshit	lapoʻa
pied	vae
pier	tui
pierce	tui
piety	amioatua
pig	puaa
pigeon	lupe
piggy	puaʻa
piggyback	feʻau
pigheaded	lalelei
piglet	puaa
pigment	pigmenti
pigskin	puaa
pigsty	puaa
pike	pike
pile	faaputuga
piles	faaputuga
pileup	pileup
pilgrim	tagata malaga
pilgrimage	malaga
pill	pulu
pillage	faoa
pillar	pou
pillbox	pillbox
pillow	aluga
pillowcase	pillowcase
pilot	pailate
pimp	pimp
pimple	pimple
pin	pine
pinball	pine polo
pinch	pine
pinching	pine
pine	Pine
pineapple	pineapple
ping	ping
pinhead	pinhead
pinhole	pine
pinion	pine
pink	lanu piniki
pinkie	lanu piniki
pinnacle	maualuga
pinot	pine
pinpoint	pine
pint	pint
pinto	pine
pinup	pine
pioneer	paionia
pious	amioatua
pip	pip
pipe	paipa
piped	pipili
pipeline	pipili
piper	pipili
pipette	pipette
piping	pipili
pipsqueak	pipsqueak
pique	pique
piracy	faomea
piranha	piranha
pirate	tagata faomea
piscina	NO TRANSLATION
piss	leaga
pissed	feʻai
pissedoff	alu ese ia
pisser	NO TRANSLATION
pissesmeoff	pissesmeoff
pissingmeoff	pissingmeoff
pissoff	kaoga ese
pistachio	pistachio
pistol	fana
piston	piston
pit	lua
pita	pita
pitch	pitch
pitcher	fagu
pitchfork	paluga
pitfall	togi
pith	pith
pithy	pithy
pitiful	faanoanoa
pitted	togi
pitter	pitter
pituitary	pituitary
pity	alofa mutimutivale
pivot	mea taua
pivotal	taua tele
pix	pix
pixie	pixie
pizza	pizza
pizzazz	pizzazz
pizzeria	pizzeria
placard	laulau
place	nofoaga
placebo	placebo
placement	faʻapipiʻi
placenta	placenta
placid	faʻailoga
placket	lau
plagiarism	faʻailoga
plague	mala
plaid	lalelei
plain	manino
plainclothes	laʻei
plaintiff	tagi
plaintive	manino
plan	fuafuaga
plane	vaalele
planes	vaalele
planet	paneta
planetarium	paneta
planetary	paneta
planets	paneta
plank	plank
plankton	plankton
planned	fuafuaina
planner	planner
planning	fuafuaga
plant	toto
plantation	faatoaga
planter	totō
planting	totoina
plaque	papa
plasma	plasma
plaster	filo
plastic	palasitika
plasticity	Palasitisi
plat	laulau
plate	ipu
plateau	laufanua
plated	faʻapipiʻi
platform	fausaga
plating	tuʻuina
platinum	platinum
platonic	platonic
platoon	laʻau
platter	ipu
plaudit	NO TRANSLATION
plausibility	faʻasologa
plausible	faʻamaonia
play	taʻalo
playa	playa
playback	toe foʻi
playbook	tusiketi
playboy	tama taalo
player	tagata taalo
playful	tala malie
playground	malae taʻavale
playhouse	fale taʻalo
playmate	tagata taaalo
playoff	faʻasalaga
playpen	taʻavale
playroom	potuaoga
plaything	mea taalo
playtime	taimi taaalo
playwright	tagata taaalo
plaza	faʻailoga
plea	tagi
plead	tagi
pleasant	manaia
pleased	fiafia
pleasing	malie
pleasurable	fiafia
pleasure	fiafia
pleasures	fiafiaga
pleat	tagi
pleated	tagi
pledge	tautoga
pledged	tauto
plenary	pulu
plentiful	tele
plenty	tele
plenum	telefoni
plethora	plethora
plexus	plexus
pliable	mafai ona faʻaaogaina
plication	faʻapitoa
pliers	paʻu
plight	faʻalavelave
plinth	feʻai
plodding	plodingding
plop	plop
plot	laufanua
plough	moa
ploughed	palu
plover	faʻamalosi
plow	moa
plowed	palu
plowing	suatia
ploy	faʻatau
pluck	fafa
plucky	fana
plug	pala
plum	pulu
plumage	vailaʻau
plumb	plumb
plumber	paʻu
plumbing	plumbing
plume	penume
plummet	fua saʻo
plump	tele
plumper	paʻu
plunder	vete
plunge	osofaʻi
plunger	paʻu
plural	tele
plurality	tele
plush	faʻatasi
plutonium	plutonium
ply	ply
plywood	plywood
pneumatic	pneumati
pneumonia	pneumonia
poacher	poacher
poachers	poachers
poaching	poaching
pocket	taga
pocketbook	tamaitusi
pocketful	faʻatau
pod	NO TRANSLATION
podium	pulelaa
poem	solo
poems	solo
poet	tusisolo
poetic	solo
poetical	solo
poetics	poetics
poetry	solo
pogo	pogo
poignant	tiga
point	tusi
pointedly	manino
pointer	faʻailoga
pointless	leai se aoga
pointy	leaga
poise	alalaʻau
poison	mea oona
poisoned	mea oona
poisoning	mea oona
poisonous	mea oona
poke	leaga
poker	poker
pokes	pokes
polar	pola
polarity	polarity
pole	pou
polemic	polemiki
police	leoleo
police officer	leoleo
policeman	leoleo
policewoman	leoleo
policy	faiga faʻavae
polio	polio
polish	Polish
polished	susulu
polite	faaaloalo
politeness	faaaloalo
politic	faaupufai
political	faaupufai
politician	fomaʻi
politics	faiga faaupufai
polity	faʻamaoni
polka	polka
poll	palota
pollen	pollen
polling	palota
pollute	eleelea
pollution	filogia
polo	polo
poltergeist	poltergeist
polyester	polyester
polygamy	televave
polygon	polygon
polygonal	polygonal
polygraph	polygraph
polymer	polymer
polymorphism	polymorphism
pomp	pomp
pompous	matagofie
poncho	poncho
pond	vaituloto
ponder	mafaufau loloto
ponderous	maofa
pong	pong
pontiff	Pontiff
pontificate	ponimotu
pontoon	ponoon
pony	solofanua
ponytail	lapoʻa
pooch	pooch
poodle	poodle
poof	poof
pool	vaitaʻele
poop	poop
poor	matitiva
poorly	leaga
pop	Pop
popcorn	popukoni
pope	pope
popper	popup
poppy	poppy
poppycock	poppycock
popsicle	popsicle
popular	lauiloa
popularity	lauiloa
popularized	popularized
population	faitau aofaʻi
populous	toʻatele
porcelain	filo
porch	faapaologa
porcupine	povi
pore	pore
pork	puaa
porker	faletupe
porky	fiafia
porn	porn
porno	ponokalafi
pornographic	ponokalafi
pornography	ponokalafi
porosity	porosity
porous	pala
porridge	falaoamata
port	taulaga
portable	feaveaʻi
portage	faʻapipiʻi
portal	faitotoa
porter	leoleo
porterhouse	faletalimalo
portfolio	faila
porthole	porthole
portico	portico
portion	vaega
portrait	ata
portraiture	ata
portray	ata
pose	tu
poser	NO TRANSLATION
posh	mea
posited	tuʻuina
position	tulaga
positioning	tulaga
positive	lelei
positiveenergy	NO TRANSLATION
positively	lelei
positivity	tulaga lelei
posse	tuʻuina
possess	maua
possessed	umia
possessing	umia
possession	umiaina
possessive	umiaina
possessor	pule
possibility	avanoa
possible	mafai
possibly	atonu
possum	meatotino
post	meli
postage	meli
postal	meli
postcard	faʻailoga
poster	pepa lautele
posterior	laititi
posterity	fanau
posthumous	togiaso
postman	tagata faʻailoga
postmortem	mulimuli ane
postpone	tolopo
postponed	tolopoina
postponement	tolopoina
postscript	tusitusi
postulate	lafoina
posture	togi
pot	ipu
potable	meaʻai
potassium	paluka
potato	pateta
potatoes	pateta
potency	malosi
potent	malosi
potential	mafai
pothead	pothead
pothole	suauu
potion	potion
potluck	potluck
potpourri	potpourri
potted	kuka
potter	fai ipu omea
pottery	ipu
potty	potty
pouch	ato
poultry	moa
pounce	faʻailoa
pound	pauna
pounding	paʻu
pour	NO TRANSLATION
pout	poutū
pouting	faʻapipiʻi
pouty	pouty
poverty	mativa
pow	pow
powder	paʻu
powdered	pulumu
powdery	eleʻele
power	mana
powerful	malosi
powerfully	malosi
powerhouse	malosiaga
powerless	leai se malosi
powwow	powwow
pox	pox
practicable	mafai ona fai
practical	aoga
practically	toetoe
practice	faiga masani
practiced	faia
practise	faiga masani
practitioner	loia
pragmatic	pragmatic
prairie	laufanua
praise	viia
praised	viia
praisegod	NO TRANSLATION
praisejesus	NO TRANSLATION
praises	viia
praiseworthy	tauleleia
praising	viia
prance	vaʻai
prank	prank
prawn	laufanua
praxis	praxis
pray	tatalo
prayer	tatalo
prayforme	tatalo
praying	tatalo
praying mantis	tatalo tatalo
preach	talaʻi
preacher	failauga
preaching	talaiga
preamble	folasaga
precarious	leaga
precaution	lapataiga
precautionary	lapataiga
precede	muamua
precedence	muamua
precedent	muamua
preceding	muamua
precept	mataupu
preceptor	faiaoga
precession	faʻailoga
precinct	taʻaloga
precincts	vaʻaia
precious	taua
precipice	vaʻa
precipitate	vaʻaia
precipitation	vaʻaia
precipitous	faʻaola
precise	saʻo
precisely	saʻo
precision	tonu
preclude	faʻaofi
precocious	muamua
precursor	vailaau muamua
predator	taufaasese
predatory	taufaasese
predecessor	muamua
predicament	faʻalavelave
predicate	faʻamuamua
predict	vavalo
predictable	vaʻai
predicting	vavalo
prediction	valoaga
predictive	vavalo
predictor	vavalo
predilection	vaʻaiga
predispose	vaʻaia
predisposed	vavalo
predisposition	predisposition
predominance	maualuluga
predominant	tele
predominate	tele
preeminent	sili
preemption	faʻamuamua
preemptive	totogi muamua
preface	faʻamuamua
prefect	pule
prefer	manaʻo
preferable	sili
preference	fiafia
preferential	sili ona lelei
prefix	prefix
pregnancy	maʻitaga
pregnant	maʻitaga
prehistoric	muai
prejudice	faʻaituau
prejudiced	faʻaituau
prejudicial	faʻaituau
prelim	amataga
preliminary	amataga
prelude	muamua
premarital	ao le i faaipoipo
premature	vave
prematurely	muamua
premed	faʻailogaina
premeditated	faʻamuamua
premier	muamua
premiere	muamua
premise	nofoaga ma fale
premises	nofoaga ma fale
premium	saofaga
premonition	faʻamatalaga
prenatal	prenatal
prenuptial	laʻasaga
preoccupation	popole
preoccupied	popole tele
prep	muamua
preparation	saunia
preparatory	sauniuni
prepare	saunia
prepared	saunia
preparedness	saunia
preparer	sauniuni
preparing	saunia
preponderance	faʻatuatua
preposterous	faʻapitoa
preppy	fiafia
prerequisite	muai manaʻomia
prerogative	aia tatau
preschool	aoga faataitai
prescient	faʻasolosolo
prescribe	faatonuina
prescribed	faatonuina
prescription	talavai
prescriptive	faatonuina
presence	faʻatasi
present	auai
presentable	faʻaalia
presentation	faʻataʻitaʻiga
presenter	tagata faʻalauiloa
presentment	tuʻuina atu
presents	meaalofa
preservation	puipuiga
preservative	puipuia
preserve	faasaoina
preserved	faasaoina
preserving	faasaoina
preside	pulefaamalumalu
presidency	au peresitene
president	peresitene
presidential	peresitene
press	lolomi
pressing	faʻailoga
pressure	aʻafiaga
prestige	mamalu
prestigious	mamalu
presto	muamua
presume	manatu
presumption	manatu
presumptive	faʻaaogaina
presumptuous	faamaualuga
presuppose	faʻaipoipo
pretend	faafoliga
pretended	faafoliga
pretender	tagata pepelo
pretending	faafoliga
pretense	manatu sese
pretensions	taufaasese
pretentious	faʻamaonia
pretext	faitioga
pretty	aulelei
pretzel	pretzel
prevail	manumalo
prevailing	manumalo
prevalence	faʻaauau
prevalent	taatele
prevent	puipuia
preventative	puipuiga
prevention	puipuiga
preventive	puipuiga
preview	muamua
previous	muamua
previously	muamua
prey	vete
price	tau
priceless	leai se tau
pricey	taugata
prick	prick
prickly	prickly
pride	faamaualuga
priest	ositaulaga
priestess	ositaulaga
priesthood	perisitua
priestly	ositaulaga
prig	pupu
prim	muamua
prima	NO TRANSLATION
primacy	amataga
primal	primal
primary	muamua
primate	taumatemate
primates	primates
prime	muamua
primed	muamua
primer	faʻailoga
primeval	muamua
priming	muamua
primitive	anamua
primordial	taua
primrose	muamua
prince	perenise
princely	pule
princess	princess
principal	pule sili
principally	autu
principle	mataupu faavae
principles	mataupu faavae
print	lolomi
printer	lomitusi
printing	lomiga
printout	lomiga
prior	muamua
prioritize	faamuamua
priority	faamuamua
priory	muamua
prism	manino
prismatic	prismatic
prison	falepuipui
prisoner	pagota
prissy	prissy
pristine	pristine
privacy	tulaga faalilolilo
private	faalilolilo
privately	faalilolilo
privilege	avanoa
privileged	avanoa
privy	faalilolilo
prize	taui
prized	taua tele
pro	pro
proactive	faʻamalosi
probability	masalosalo
probable	e mafai
probate	faʻamaoniga
probation	avanoa faataitai
probationary	tagata nofo vaavaaia
probative	faʻataʻitaʻiga
probe	suʻega
probing	suʻesuʻeina
probity	faʻamaoniga
problem	faafitauli
problematic	faafitauli
procedural	taualumaga
procedure	taualumaga
proceed	faagasolo
proceeding	taualumaga
proceeds	tupe maua
process	faagasologa
processing	gaosiga
procession	faasologa
processor	faagasologa
proclaim	folafola
proclamation	folafolaga
procrastinate	tolopoina
procrastination	faʻatusatusa
procreate	tamaʻitaʻi
procreation	foafoaga
proctologist	tagata suʻesuʻe
proctor	tagata suʻesuʻe
procure	faʻatau
procurement	faʻatauga
prod	faʻataʻitaʻi
prodigal	faʻaumauoa
prodigious	mamanu
prodigy	mamanu
produce	gaosia
produced	gaosia
producer	tagata gaosia
producing	gaosia
product	oloa
production	gaosiga
productive	manuia
productivity	gaosiga
profane	leaga
profanity	upu masoa
profess	tautinoga
profession	galuega
professional	tagata tomai faapitoa
professionalism	tomai faʻapitoa
professor	polofesa
professorship	polofesa
proficiency	tomai
proficient	tagata malamalama
profile	talaaga
profiler	tagata faʻapipiʻi
profit	tupe mama
profitable	lelei
profound	loloto
profuse	faʻamatala
profusion	telefoni
prog	faʻaauau
progenitor	tuagane
progeny	fanau
prognosis	faʻataʻitaʻiga
prognostic	faʻamalosi
program	polokalama
programme	polokalama
programmer	polokalama
programming	polokalame
progress	alualu i luma
progression	alualu i luma
progressive	alualu i luma
prohibit	faasaina
prohibited	faasaina
prohibition	faʻasaina
prohibitive	faʻasaina
project	poloketi
projectile	faʻailoga
projectiles	poloketi
projecting	sosolo
projection	vaʻaiga
projector	masini komepiuta
proletarian	tagata faʻataʻitaʻi
proletariat	faʻauluuluga
prolific	faʻamaonia
prologue	folasaga
prolong	faaumiumi
prolongation	faʻaopoopoga
prolonged	faaumiumi
prom	folafola
promenade	malaga solo
prominence	taʻutaʻua
prominent	lauiloa
prominently	matua
promiscuity	feusuaʻiga
promiscuous	faʻatauvalea
promise	folafolaga
promising	folafola
promissory	faʻavae
promo	promo
promontory	faʻaola
promote	siitia
promoter	tagata faʻaola
promotion	siitiaga
promotional	faʻalauiloa
prompt	vave
prompting	musumusuga
promulgate	faʻasalalau
promulgation	faʻasalalauga
prone	talagofie
prong	toso
pronounce	faʻailoa
pronounced	faʻailoa
pronouncement	faʻailoga
pronto	NO TRANSLATION
pronunciation	faʻauiga
proof	faamaoniga
prop	faʻasologa
propaganda	faasalalauga
propagate	faʻaola
propagation	faʻaola
propane	eletise
propel	faʻamalosi
propelled	faʻamalosia
propeller	taʻavale
propelling	faʻamalosi
propensity	tulaga lelei
proper	talafeagai
property	meatotino
prophecy	valoaga
prophesy	vavalo
prophet	perofeta
prophetic	perofeta faaperofeta
prophylactic	prophylactic
prophylaxis	prophylaxis
proportion	fua
proportional	tutusa
proportionate	tutusa
proportions	vaevaega
proposal	fuafuaga
propose	manatu
proposition	manatu
proprietary	mea totino
proprietor	tagata faʻatau
proprietorship	tagata faʻatau
propriety	taua
propulsion	osofia
prose	talaʻi
prosecute	moliaga
prosecution	moliaga
prosecutor	moliaga
prospect	vaaiga
prospection	suʻesuʻega
prospective	faamoemoe
prospectively	mafaufauga
prospector	tagata suʻesuʻe
prospectus	tusi folau
prosper	manuia
prosperity	manuia
prosperous	manuia
prostate	prostate
prosthetic	prosthet
prostitute	fafine talitane
prostitution	talitane
prostrate	tafe
protagonist	tagata faʻataʻitaʻi
protect	puipui
protected	puipuia
protecting	puipui
protection	puipuiga
protective	puipuia
protector	puipuiga
protein	polotini
protest	tetee
protestant	tagata tetee
protocol	maliega
proton	proton
prototype	faʻataʻitaʻiga
protozoa	protozooa
protracted	faimalaga
protrude	faʻafefe
protrusion	faʻasologa
proud	mitamita
prove	faʻamaonia
proven	faʻamaonia
proverb	faataoto
proverbial	faataoto
provide	saunia
provided	saunia
providence	tausiga
provider	tagata e tuʻuina atu
providing	saunia
province	itumalo
provincial	provincial
provision	aiaiga
provisional	taimi lē tumau
provisionally	taimi faʻatulagaina
provisions	aiaiga
proviso	aiaiga
provocation	osofaʻiga
provocative	faʻaleaga
provoke	faʻaosooso
provoked	itagia
provoking	faʻaosoina
provost	provost
prowess	faʻamalosi
prowl	tagi
prowler	faʻatau
proximal	latalata
proximate	vavalalata
proximity	latalata
proxy	sui
prude	faʻatau
prudence	mataala
prudent	mataala
prune	teu
pruning	teuteuina
pry	pry
prying	prying
psalm	salamo
psalms	salamo
pseudo	e leai
pseudonym	pseudonym
psi	psi
psoriasis	psoriasis
psych	mafaufau
psyche	mafaufau
psychedelic	fomaʻi
psychiatric	psychiatric
psychiatrist	fomaʻi mafaufau
psychiatry	psychiatry
psychic	mafaufau
psychical	psychical
psychics	psychics
psycho	mafaufau
psychoanalysis	psychoanalyse
psychoanalyst	psyanalyst
psychobabble	mafaufau faʻapitoa
psychological	mafaufau
psychologist	fomaʻi mafaufau
psychology	mafaufauga
psychopath	psychopath
psychopathic	psychopathic
psychosis	mafaufauga
psychosomatic	psychosomatic
psychotherapy	psychotherapy
psychotic	mafaufau faʻapitoa
pterodactyl	pterodactyl
ptsd	ptsd
pub	lologa
puberty	lauiloa
pubes	lauiloa
pubescent	falemaʻi
pubic	lauiloa
public	tagata lautele
publication	lolomiina
publicist	tagata lautele
publicity	faalauiloa
publicly	lautele
publicspeaking	NO TRANSLATION
publish	lolomi
published	lomia
publisher	tagata talaʻi
publishing	lolomiina
puck	puck
pucker	pucker
pudding	pudding
puddle	puddle
pudgy	pudgy
puff	puff
puffing	faʻafefete
puffy	faʻafefe
pug	pug
puke	puke
pull	toso
pulley	pulley
pullover	alu i tua
pulmonary	pulmonary
pulp	pulupulu
pulpit	pulelaa
pulsar	pulsar
pulsation	pulupation
pulse	pulus
puma	puma
pump	pamu
pumped	pamu
pumpkin	paka
pun	NO TRANSLATION
punch	puno
punched	puno
punching	tosoina
punchy	faʻailoga
punctual	punctual
punctuality	taimi masani
punctually	faʻapitoa
punctuation	faailoga
puncture	afaina
pundit	pundit
pungent	pala
punish	faʻasalaga
punishable	faʻasalaina
punished	faasala
punishing	faʻasalaga
punishment	faasalaga
punitive	faʻasalaga
punk	punk
punt	puno
puny	faʻamaʻi
pup	pup
pupil	tamaitiiti aoga
puppet	papeti
puppeteer	puppeteete
puppy	pepe
purchase	faʻatau
purchaser	faʻatau
purchasing	faʻatau
pure	mama
purebliss	NO TRANSLATION
puree	mamae
purely	mama
purgatory	purgatory
purge	faʻamamā
purification	faamamaina
purify	faamama
purist	mamanu
purity	mama aʻiaʻi
purple	lanu viole
purport	manatu
purpose	faamoemoega
purposely	faamoemoe
purr	purr
purring	fufuluina
purse	ato
pursuance	tulimataʻi
pursue	tulituliloa
pursuing	tulituliloa
pursuit	tuliloa
purveyor	fale faʻatau
purview	manatu
pus	tulei
push	tulei
pusher	tulei
pushing	tuleia
pushover	tulei
pushy	tulei
puss	puss
pussy	pusi
pussycat	pussycat
put	tuʻu
putative	putative
putrid	mea faʻapitoa
puts	tuʻu
putt	tuʻu
putter	afu
putty	putty
puzzle	paso
puzzled	le mautonu
puzzling	le mautonu
pygmy	pygmy
pylon	pylon
pyramid	pyramid
pyramidal	pyramidal
pyrotechnics	pyrotechnics
python	elemene
quack	fao
quad	quad
quadrangle	quadrangle
quadrant	faanatinati
quadratic	faʻasolosolo
quadrature	fefaʻatauaʻiga
quadruple	quadruple
quadrupole	quadrupole
quagmire	fagmire
quail	salu
quaint	maofa
quake	mafuie
qualifications	agavaa
qualified	agavaa
qualify	agavaa
qualifying	agavaa
qualities	uiga lelei
quality	uiga lelei
quandary	le mautonu
quantify	faʻatusatusa
quantitative	tele
quantitatively	tele
quantity	tele
quantum	tele
quarantine	faʻamaʻi
quarrel	finau
quarry	faisa
quart	quart
quarter	kuata
quarterback	quarterback
quartered	faisa
quarterly	kuata kuata
quartermaster	pule o le kuata
quarters	fa
quartet	quartet
quartile	lapisi
quarto	NO TRANSLATION
quartz	quartz
quash	le mautonu
quasi	toetoe lava
quaternary	Quaternary
quay	NO TRANSLATION
queasiness	faitioga
queasy	valea
queen	masiofo
queer	taula
quell	solo
quench	tineia
query	fesili
quest	sailiga
question	fesili
questionable	le fesiligia
questioning	fesiligia
questionnaire	fesili fesili
queue	tiliva
queues	falosaga
quibble	faʻailoga
quiche	pasene
quick	vave
quicken	faʻaola
quickie	vave
quickly	vave
quickness	vave
quicksand	vavesand
quicksilver	vavesilver
quid	faʻasologa
quiescent	quiescent
quiet	filemu
quietly	filemu
quill	solo
quilt	ufiufi
quince	Quince
quinine	quinine
quintet	quintet
quirk	quirk
quirky	solo
quit	tuu
quits	tuʻua
quitter	NO TRANSLATION
quiver	lapoʻa
quivering	masalosalo
quiz	suega
quorum	korama
quota	quota
quotation	upusii
quote	upusii
quotes	upusii
quotient	upusii
rabbi	rabbi
rabbit	lapiti
rabble	faʻailoga
rabid	fabid
rabies	vaʻai
raccoon	raccoon
race	taʻaloga
racehorse	taʻavale
racer	osofaʻiga
racetrack	taʻavale
racial	ituaiga
racism	faʻailoga
racist	fomaʻi
rack	fana
racket	racket
racketeering	facketeering
racking	faʻailoga
racquetball	taʻaloga polo
racy	faʻailoga
radar	radar
radial	matala
radiance	susulu
radiant	susulu
radiate	susulu
radiation	faʻamalolo
radiator	faʻasalalau
radical	mataʻutia
radically	manino
radio	leitio
radioactive	radioactive
radioactivity	radioactivity
radiograph	leitio
radiography	leitio
radiologist	tagata faʻalogologo
radiology	leitio
radish	radis
radium	tau
radius	ratous
radon	radon
raffle	faffle
raft	fana
rag	fagu
rage	ita
ragemode	ita tele
ragetweet	NO TRANSLATION
ragged	fagged
raggedy	vevela
raging	osofaʻi
rags	solo
ragtime	ragtime
raid	osofaʻiga
raider	uila
rail	nofoaafi
railing	faʻailoga
railroad	nofoaafi
railway	nofoaafi
raiment	ofu
rain	timuga
rainbow	nuanua
rainbow trout	nuanua nuanua
rainbows	vavao
raincoat	timuga
raindrops	toso
rainfall	timuga
rainforest	vaomatua
rainmaker	timu
rainstorm	timuga
rainy	timuga
rainyday	timuga
raise	siitia
raised	siitia
raisin	vine
raising	siitia
rake	rake
rally	fono
ram	mamoe
ramble	tafa
rambling	faaseʻe
ramp	laumei
rampage	faʻailoga
rampant	faʻavave
rampart	lapisi
ramrod	pomava
ranch	fafaga
rancher	faila
rancid	taʻavale
random	leai
randomly	faʻafuaseʻi
randomness	leai se tasi
randy	randy
range	laina
ranger	faila
rank	tulaga
ranking	ranking
ransom	totogi
rant	rant
ranting	fufuluina
rap	rap
rape	faʻailoga
rapid	vave
rapidity	televave
rapids	rapids
rapist	rapist
rapper	tagata faʻatau
rapping	sasaina
rapport	NO TRANSLATION
rapt	fapt
raptor	raptor
raptors	faptors
rapture	Folafolaga
rare	seasea
rarely	seasea lava
rarity	leai se mea
rascal	tagata leaga
rash	vave
raspberries	fugalaau
raspberry	rasipi
rat	rat
ratchet	togi
rate	fua
ratification	faʻamaoniaga
ratify	faʻamaonia
rating	fuainumera
ratio	fua faatatau
ration	faʻaiuga
rational	fetuutuunai
rationale	mafuaaga
rationalism	faʻailoga
rationality	saʻo
rationalize	faʻamaonia
rationing	fetuutuunai
rattan	rattan
rattle	toso
rattled	osofaʻi
rattler	toso
rattlesnake	rattlesnake
ratty	tafe
raucous	telefoni
ravage	leaga
rave	fai
raven	faga
ravenous	faʻatauvaʻa
ravine	vanu
raving	toso
ravioli	ravioli
ravishing	faʻanoanoa
raw	lanu
rawhide	fusi
rawr	rawr
ray	ray
razor	fagu
reach	aapa
react	tali
reaction	tali
reactionary	tali atu
reactive	faʻamaoni
reactor	reactor
read	faitau
reader	faitau
readership	faitau
readily	vave
readiness	sauniuni
reading	faitauga
readjustment	fetuunaiga
readout	faitauga
ready	sauni
readytogo	sauniuni
reaffirm	toe faʻamautu
reagent	tagata toto
real	moni
realism	mea moni
realist	moni
realistic	moni
reality	moni
realization	iloa
realize	iloa
realm	malo
realtor	tagata faʻatau
realty	moni
ream	faʻamalolo
reap	selesele
reaper	selesele
reappear	toe maua mai
rear	tua
rearrange	toe faatulaga
rearrangement	toe faʻaleleia
reason	mafuaaga
reasonable	talafeagai
reasonableness	talafeagai
reasoning	mafaufauga
reasons	mafuaaga
reassemble	faʻasolosolo
reassign	toe faʻamaonia
reassignment	toe faʻamaonia
reassurance	faʻamautinoaga
reassure	faʻamautinoa
reassured	faamautinoa
reassuring	faʻamafanafana
rebate	toe faʻatau
rebel	fouvale
rebellion	teteʻe
rebellious	fouvale
rebels	fouvale
rebirth	toe fanauina
reboot	toe toe fai
reborn	toe fanaufouina
rebound	toe faʻaleleia
rebuild	Toe fausia
rebuke	aoaiga
rebut	faʻaaoga
rebuttal	teteʻe
recalcitrant	toe faanatinati
recall	manatua
recant	toe foʻi
recap	toe faʻaleleia
recapture	toe maua
recast	toe faʻaleleia
recede	toso
receding	toe faʻaleleia
receipt	lisiti
receipts	lisiti
receive	maua
received	mauaina
receiver	tagata e taliaina
receiving	mauaina
recent	talu ai nei
receptacle	pusa
reception	talia
receptionist	talisaʻi
receptive	talileleia
receptor	talini
recess	malolo
recesses	malologa
recession	toe maua
recharge	toe faʻaleleia
recheck	toe siaki
recherche	NO TRANSLATION
recidivism	faʻasologa
recipe	fua
recipient	tagata maua
reciprocal	tali tutusa
reciprocate	toe fai
reciprocity	tali tutusa
recital	faʻatau
recitation	taulotoga
recite	tauloto
reckless	le faautauta
recklessness	le faautauta
reckon	mafaufau
reckoning	faʻatatau
reclaim	toe maua
reclamation	tanu
recline	toso
reclining	nofo i lalo
recluse	toso
recognition	iloa aloaia
recognizable	iloagofie
recognize	iloa
recognized	aloaia
recoil	malolo
recollect	manatua
recollection	manatua
recombinant	toe faʻatulagaina
recombination	toe faʻatulaga
recommend	fautuaina
recommendation	fautuaga
recompense	taui
recon	faʻaauau
reconcile	toe faalelei
reconciliation	faaleleiga
reconfigure	toe faʻamatala
reconnaissance	faʻatagaina
reconnect	toe faʻatasi
reconsider	toe mafaufau
reconsideration	toe iloiloga
reconstitution	toe faʻaleleia
reconstruct	toe fausia
reconstruction	toe fausia
reconstructive	toe faʻafou
reconvene	toe faʻaalia
record	faamaumauga
recorder	tagata faʻamaumauga
recording	faʻamaumauga
recount	faʻamatalaga
recoup	toe faʻaleleia
recourse	toe maua
recover	toe faʻaleleia
recoverable	toe maua
recovery	toe faʻaleleia
recreate	toe togi
recreation	faafiafiaga
recreational	mea faafiafia
recruit	togi
recruiter	tagata faigaluega
recruiting	faʻataʻitaʻiga
recruitment	faʻafaigaluegaina
recruits	tagata faigaluega
rectal	saʻo
rectangle	tusitaulima
rectangular	faʻamaufaʻailoga
rectification	toe teuteu
rectify	faasaʻo
rector	faipule
rectory	toe faʻaleleia
rectum	faʻailoga
recumbent	faʻaauau
recuperation	toe faʻafou
recur	toe maua
recurrence	toe faʻaleagaina
recurrent	faʻaauau
recurring	faʻaauau
recursion	toe foʻi mai
recursive	faʻaauau
recursively	faanatinati
recycle	toe faʻaaoga
recycled	toe faʻaaogaina
recycling	toe faʻaaogaina
red	lanu mumu
reddish	mumu
redecorate	toe teuteu
redeem	toe faaola
redeemed	togiolaina
redemption	toe faʻaola
redesign	toe faʻaleleia
redhead	lanu mumu
redheaded	mumu
redirect	toe tulei
redneck	uila
redness	mumu
redo	toe faʻafo
redress	faʻamalo
reduce	faaitiitia
reduced	faaitiitia
reduction	faʻaitiitia
redundancy	toe tuʻuina atu
redundant	toe faalua
redwood	redwood
reed	otaota
reef	aau
reefer	toe faʻafefe
reefs	matafaga
reek	mata
reel	taʻavale
reelection	toe filifilia
reeling	toso
reenactment	toe faʻaleleia
reentry	toe faafoi
reestablish	toe toefaatu
ref	f
refer	vaai
referee	loia
reference	faʻamatalaga
referendum	pasene
referral	faʻamatalaga
refill	toe faʻatumu
refine	faʻaleleia
refined	faamamaina
refinement	toe faaleleia
refinery	faʻamaina
refining	toe faʻamamaina
refit	fesuiaiga
reflect	atagia
reflecting	atagia
reflection	mafaufauga
reflective	mafaufau
reflector	ata lafoai
reflex	ata
reflux	reflux
reform	toefuataʻiga
reformation	toe fuataʻiga
reformer	toe fuataʻi
refraction	feteenaʻiga
refractor	tagata faʻatau
refractory	fesuiaʻi
refrain	taofi
refraining	aloese
refresh	faafou
refreshed	toe faafouina
refreshing	faafouina
refreshment	toe faafou
refrigerate	pusa pusa
refrigeration	pusaaisa
refrigerator	pusaaisa
refuel	fufulu
refuge	sulufaiga
refugee	tagata sulufai
refund	tupe toe faafoi
refurbish	Toe faaleleia
refusal	teena
refuse	teena
refused	teena
refusing	teena
refutation	fesuiaiga
refute	teena
regain	toe maua
regal	toe fai
regalia	toe faʻaleleia
regard	manatu
regatta	toe faʻaaogaina
regency	amio pulea
regenerate	toe faʻafou
regeneration	toe faʻafouina
regent	tulafono faatonutonu
reggae	reggae
regime	faigamalo
regimen	tulafono faatonutonu
regiment	tulafono faatonutonu
regimental	komipiuta
region	itulagi
regional	faʻaitulagi
regionalism	regionalism
register	tusi resitala
registrar	Resitara
registration	resitala
registry	resitala
regress	puleaina
regression	taufaasese
regressive	faʻamalosi
regret	faanoanoaga
regretful	faanoanoa
regrettable	faanoanoa
regretted	faanoanoa
regretting	faanoanoa
regroup	faʻafouina
regular	masani
regularity	masani
regulars	tulafono faatonutonu
regulate	faʻatonutonu
regulated	faʻatonutonuina
regulation	tulafono faatonutonu
regulator	pule faatonutonu
regulatory	tulafono faatonutonu
regurgitation	faʻatonutonuga
rehab	Samoa
rehabilitate	toe faʻaleleia
rehabilitation	toe faʻaleleia
rehash	toe faʻaleleia
rehearsal	faʻataʻitaʻiga
rehearse	toe talanoaina
reign	nofotupu
reigning	nofotupu
reimburse	toe toe totogi
reimbursement	toe totogi
rein	toe
reincarnation	toe faʻafouina
reindeer	tagata faʻatau
reinforce	faʻamalosia
reinforcement	faʻamalosia
reinforcements	tagata faʻamalosi
reins	fatuga
reinstall	toe faʻaofi
reinstate	Toe faʻafou
reinstatement	toe faʻaleleia
reinvest	reinvest
reinvestment	toe faʻavaeina
reiterate	toe iloilo
reject	teena
rejected	teena
rejection	teena
rejects	teena
rejoice	fiafia
rejoicing	fiafia
rejoin	toe faʻatasi
rejuvenate	toe faʻafou
rejuvenated	toe faʻafouina
rekindle	toe faʻaola
relapse	toe faʻafoʻi
relate	faʻamatala
related	fesoʻotai
relation	sootaga
relationship	mafutaga
relative	aiga
relativity	fesoʻotaʻiga
relax	malolo
relaxant	malolo
relaxation	malologa
relaxed	malolo
relaxing	malolo
relay	felauaiga
release	tatalaina
released	tatala mai
relegation	faʻasalaga
relentless	le tumau
relevance	talafeagai
relevancy	talafeagai
relevant	talafeagai
reliability	faʻamaoni
reliable	faatuatuaina
reliance	faalagolago
relic	faʻaaogaina
relics	faʻasologa
relief	toomaga
relieve	fesoasoani
relieved	faamamafa
relieving	faamamafa
relight	tausi lelei
religion	tapuaiga
religious	lotu
relinquish	toesea
relish	fiafia
relive	faʻalagolago
reload	toe utaina
relocate	toe sii
relocation	toe faʻaleleia
reluctance	teteʻe
reluctant	mumusu
rely	faalagolago
remain	tumau
remainder	totoe
remaining	totoe
remains	tumau
remake	toe faaleleia
remand	toe faʻafoʻi
remark	manatu
remarkable	ofoofogia
remarkably	matagofie
remarry	toe faaipoipo
rematch	fofo
remedial	fofo
remedy	fofo
remember	manatua
remembered	manatua
remembering	manatua
remembrance	faamanatu
remind	faamanatu
reminder	faamanatu
reminisce	toe mafaufau
reminiscent	toe mafaufau
reminiscing	toe mafaufau
remiss	faʻanoanoa
remission	faʻamagaloga
remit	toe lafo
remittance	toe tuʻuina atu
remnant	tagata totoe
remodel	toe faaleleia
remorse	faanoanoa
remorseful	faʻamaoni
remote	mamao
remoteness	mamao
removal	aveese
remove	aveese
remover	aveese
remuneration	totogi
renaissance	toe soifua
renal	lafoaʻi
rencontre	NO TRANSLATION
rend	NO TRANSLATION
render	tuʻu
rendering	le tuʻuina atu
rendezvous	feiloaʻi
rendition	faaliliuga
renegade	fouvale
renegotiate	toe faʻafouina
renew	faafou
renewal	faafouga
renounce	lafoaʻi
renovate	toe faafou
renovated	toe faafou
renovation	toe faafou
renown	lauiloa
renowned	lauiloa
rent	totogi
rental	totogi
renter	tagata nofo totogi
renunciation	faalēaogāina
reopen	toe tatala
reorganization	toe faatulagaina
reorganize	toe faʻafou
rep	sui
repaint	toe faʻapaʻu
repair	toe faaleleia
repairman	tagata faufautua
reparation	toe totogi
repay	taui
repayment	toe totogi
repeal	soloia
repeat	toe fai
repeated	toe fai
repeatedly	faʻaauau
repeater	toe fai
repel	solo
repellant	faʻatau
repellent	faʻatau
repelling	faʻamalo
repent	salamo
repentance	salamo
repentant	salamo
repertoire	lisi
repertory	faʻafouina
repetition	toe fai
repetitive	toe fai
rephrase	toe faaupu
replace	sui
replacement	sui
replay	toe fai
replenish	toe faatumu
replete	faʻatumu
replica	faʻataʻitaʻiga
replicate	faʻailoga
replication	faʻasologa
reply	tali
report	lipoti
reported	lipotia
reporter	tusitala
repose	malolo
reposition	reposition
repository	fale teu oloa
repossess	toe maua
reprehensible	tausalaina
represent	sui
representation	sui
representative	sui
represented	sui
representing	fai ma sui
repress	faʻamalolo
repressed	toe faʻaleagaina
repression	faʻafouina
reprieve	faʻaola
reprimand	lapataiga
reprint	toe lolomi
reprisal	faʻaola
reprise	toe fai
reproach	faalumaina
reproduce	toe gaosia
reproduction	toe gaosia
reproductive	gaosia
reprogram	kopi
reptile	faʻamaʻi
republic	malo
republican	malo
repudiation	taufaasese
repugnance	fouvale
repugnant	fouvale
repulsion	osofaʻiga
repulsive	inoino
repurchase	toe faʻatau
reputable	taʻutaʻua
reputation	igoa tauleleia
repute	taʻuleleia
reputed	taʻuina
request	talosaga
requiem	manaʻomia
require	manaʻomia
required	manaʻomia
requirement	manaoga
requisite	manaʻomia
requisition	manaʻoga
reread	toe faitau
reroute	Toe toe foʻi
rerun	toe faʻasolo
reschedule	toe toe faatulaga
rescind	faʻavae
rescission	resitala
rescue	laveai
research	suʻesuʻega
researcher	tagata suesue
resection	faʻapotopotoga
resemblance	tutusa
resemble	tutusa
resembling	foliga tutusa
resent	ita
resentful	ita
resentment	ita
reservation	reservation
reserve	faʻaagaga
reserved	faʻapolopolo
reserves	faʻaagaga
reservoir	vaʻa
reset	seti
reside	nofomau
residence	fale
residences	fale nofo
residency	nofomau
resident	nofomau
residential	nofomau
residual	mea totoe
residue	toega
resign	faamavae
resignation	faamavaega
resigned	faamavae
resilience	malosi
resilient	faʻamautu
resin	resin
resist	teena
resistance	tetee
resistant	faʻasaʻo
resisting	tetee
resistive	faʻavae
resolute	foia
resolutely	mausali
resolution	iugafono
resolve	foʻia
resolved	foia
resonance	resonance
resonant	resonant
resonate	resonate
resonator	resonator
resort	falemaʻi
resounding	toe fafagu
resource	punaoa
resourceful	alaoa
resources	punaoa
respect	faaaloalo
respectability	faaaloalo
respectable	faaaloalo
respected	faʻaaloalogia
respectful	faaaloalo
respecting	faaaloalo i
respective	taʻitasi
respects	faʻaaloalo
respiration	respiration
respirator	respirator
respiratory	respiratory
respite	malologa
resplendent	faʻaleleia
respond	Tali
respondent	tagata tali
response	tali
responsibility	tiutetauave
responsible	taʻutaʻua
responsive	tali
rest	malolo
restart	toe amata
restaurant	faleʻai
rested	malolo
restful	malolo
restitution	toe faʻaleleia
restless	leai se mea
restlessness	leai se malologa
restock	toe faʻaleleia
restoration	toe faaleleia
restorative	toe faʻaleleia
restore	toe faʻafoʻi
restored	toe faʻafoʻisia
restoring	toe faʻaleleia
restrain	taofi
restrained	taofiofia
restraining	taofia
restraint	taofiga
restrict	tapulaa
restricted	faatapulaaina
restriction	tapulaa
restrictive	tapulaa
restroom	falemaʻi
result	iuga
resultant	iʻuga
resume	toe amata
resumption	toe amata
resurrect	toetu
resurrection	toetu
resuscitate	toe faaola
resuscitation	faʻaolataga
retail	fale faʻatau
retailer	fale faʻatau
retain	taofi
retainer	tagata taofia
retaining	taofi
retake	toe maua
retaliate	taui ma sui
retaliation	taui ma sui
retaliatory	toe taui
retard	vave le taimi
retardation	tolopoina
retarded	tolopoina
retards	tolopo
retention	taofi
retentive	toe faʻafoʻi
rethink	toe mafaufau
reticent	faʻatau
retina	retina
retinal	faʻataʻitaʻi
retire	litaea
retired	litaea
retirement	litaea
retiring	toso
retold	Toe toe fai
retort	toe faʻatau
retrace	toe suʻesuʻe
retract	toe toso
retraction	teteʻe
retractor	tagata faʻatau
retreat	toe solomuli
retrenchment	faʻasalaga
retrial	toe faia o le faamasinoga
retribution	taui
retrieval	toe maua
retrieve	toe aumai
retriever	toe maua
retro	toe toe foʻi
retroactive	toe faʻafouina
retrograde	toe faʻafouina
retrospect	toe foʻi mai
retrospective	talu mai lena taimi
retrospectively	toe vave
return	toe foʻi
reunion	faʻapotopotoga
reunite	toe faʻaopoopo
reunited	toe faʻafouina
rev	f
reveal	faʻaalia
revel	fiafia
revelation	faaaliga
revelations	faaaliga
revels	fiafiaga
revenge	tauimasui
revenue	tupe maua
reverberation	toe faʻafeiloaʻiga
revere	faaaloalo
reverence	faaaloalo
reverend	Faʻaaliga
reverent	faaaloalo
reverie	maualuluga
reversal	fesuiaʻiga
reverse	toe fuli
reversion	faʻagaeʻetia
revert	toe foʻi
reverting	toe liliu
review	iloiloga
reviewer	tagata suʻesuʻe
revise	toe iloilo
revision	toe iloiloga
revisit	toe asiasi
revival	faʻafouina
revive	toe ola
revocation	faalēaogāina
revoke	faalēaogā
revolt	fouvalega
revolting	fouvale
revolution	fouvale
revolutionary	fouvale
revolutionize	faʻafouina
revolve	fouvale
revolver	tagata fouvale
revolving	fouvale
revue	iloiloga
revulsion	osofaiga
revving	toe vevesi
reward	taui
rewarding	tauia
rewind	toe foʻi
rewire	toe faʻatau
rewrite	Toe tusi
rhapsody	rhapsody
rhetoric	faʻasalalauga
rhetorical	faʻasalalauga
rheumatism	rūmate
rhinestone	rhinestone
rhino	Rhino
rhinoceros	Rhinoceros
rhubarb	rhubarb
rhyme	solo
rhyming	solo
rhythm	paʻu
rhythmic	rhythmic
rhythmical	vailaʻau
rib	nopo
ribbed	lipine
ribbon	lipine
rice	araisa
rich	mauʻoa
riches	oa
richness	tamaoaiga
rick	rick
rickety	rickety
rickshaw	rickshaw
ricochet	ricochet
rid	solo
riddance	tafaoga
riddle	talatala
riddled	faʻanoanoa
ride	tietie
rider	uila
ridge	laʻei
ridicule	ulagia
ridiculed	ulagia
ridiculous	ulavale
riding	tietiega
rife	taʻutaʻua
riff	riff
riffraff	riffraff
rifle	fana
rifleman	rifleman
rifles	fana
rift	toso
rig	maʻa
rigged	faʻamalosi
rigging	toso
right	tauagavale
righteous	amiotonu
righteousness	amiotonu
rightful	saʻo
rightly	saʻo
righty	saʻo
rigid	faʻamaoni
rigidity	faʻamaʻaloga
rigor	vevesi
rigorous	malosi
rim	lapisi
rind	toso
ring	mama
ringer	tagata sili
ringing	tatagi
ringleader	pule sili
ringmaster	pule sili
ringside	mama
rink	rink
rinse	fufulu
riot	fouvalega
rioting	fouvale
riotous	vevesi
riots	vevesi
rip	sala
riparian	riparian
ripe	matua
ripen	fufulu
ripening	matua
ripper	totoa
ripple	lapisi
rippling	osofaʻi
rise	tulaʻi
rising	tulaʻi
risk	lamatiaga
risky	lamatia
risotto	risotto
rite	tutusa
ritual	masani
ritualistic	faʻatau
rival	tauva
rivalry	tauvaga
river	vaitafe
riverbank	vaitafe
riverbed	vaitafe
riverboat	vaitafe
rivet	vasa
riveted	faʻamavae
riveting	faʻatau
roach	roach
road	auala
roadblock	alatele
roadhouse	faletele
roadie	alatele
roadrage	NO TRANSLATION
roadrunner	auala tele
roads	auala
roadside	auala auala
roadster	alatele
roadtrip	alatele
roadway	alatele
roadworks	auala auala
roam	uila
roar	tagi
roaring	alaga
roast	kuka
roasted	mumu
rob	gaoi
robber	tagata gaoi
robbery	faomea
robe	lavalava
robin	robin
robot	robot
robotic	robotic
robotics	robotics
robust	malosi
roc	roc
rock	papa
rocker	rocker
rocket	papa maʻa
rocks	maa
rod	tootoo
rodent	tootoo
rodeo	uila
roe	roe
rogue	laumei
role	tiute
roll	lisi
roller	uila
rollercoaster	pa'u taavavale
rollers	uila
rollicking	solo
rolling	taʻavale
roman	Roma
romance	alofaga
romantic	fiafia
romanticism	alofa faʻapitoa
romp	toso
roof	taualuga
rooftop	luga o le fale
rook	solo
rookie	solo
room	potu
roomful	potu potu
roommate	tagata matou potu
rooms	potu
roomy	potu malolo
roost	feosofi
rooster	moa
root	aʻa
root beer	aʻa pia
rooted	aʻafia
rope	maea
ropes	maea
rosary	rosary
rose	rose
rosemary	rosemary
rosette	rosette
roster	lisi
rosy	rosy
rot	pala
rota	rota
rotary	pala
rotate	sui
rotation	suiga
rote	solo
rotor	rotor
rotten	pala
rotting	solo
rotunda	rotoma
rouge	rouge
rough	leaga
roughly	tusa lava pe leai
roughneck	agavaʻa
roughness	agavaʻa
roulette	roulette
round	lapotopoto
roundabout	tafatafa
rounded	lapotopoto
roundup	lapotopoto
rouse	fafagu
rouser	tagata faʻatau
rousing	fagua
rout	masani
route	auala
routine	masani
rove	solo
rover	faʻailoa
roving	faimalaga
row	laina
rowboat	uila
rowdy	uumi
rowing	toso
royal	tupu
royalty	tupu
rub	solo
rubber	lapisi
rubbers	lapisi
rubbing	solo
rubbish	lapisi
rubble	lapisi
rubdown	faʻaitiitia
rubric	tusi
ruby	ruby
ruckus	ruckus
rudder	foeuli
ruddy	ula
rude	ita
rudeness	migao
rudimentary	faʻavae
rudiments	mataupu faavae
rue	rue
rueful	rue tala
ruff	faʻamau
ruffian	faʻaupu
ruffle	faʻailoga
rug	fala
rugby	Lakapi
rugged	lapoa
ruin	faʻaumatia
ruination	faʻaleagaina
ruined	faaleagaina
ruinous	leaga
ruins	otaota
rule	tulafono
ruler	pule
ruling	faaiuga
rum	rum
rumba	rumba
rumble	uila
rummage	talafou
rumor	tala
rumored	talatala
rump	sosolo
rumpus	sosolo
run	tamoe
runaround	runaround
runaway	tamoe ese
rundown	faʻaumatia
runes	tamoe
rung	tamoe
runner	tagata tamoe
running	tamoe
running shoes	tulivae seevae
runny	tamoe
runt	NO TRANSLATION
runway	uila
rupture	vavae
rural	nuu i tua
ruse	NO TRANSLATION
rush	faanatinati
rushing	faanatinati
rust	lapisi
rusted	toso
rustic	mea mataʻutia
rustle	lapisi
rustler	sulu
rusty	lapisi
rut	laʻau
ruth	ruth
ruthless	leai se tasi
rye	rye
sabbatical	sapati
saber	NO TRANSLATION
sable	oneone
sabotage	sabotage
saboteur	saboteur
sac	sac
sack	taga
sacrament	faamanatuga
sacred	paia
sacrifice	ositaulaga
sacrifices	taulaga
sacrificial	ositaulaga
sacrilege	mea faʻatauā
sacrilegious	faʻamaonia
sad	fa'anoanoa
sadday	NO TRANSLATION
saddens	faanoanoa
saddle	nofoa nofoaafi
sadist	faanoanoa
sadistic	faanoanoa
sadly	faanoanoa
sadness	faanoanoa
safari	safari
safe	saogalemu
safeguard	malupuipuia
safekeeping	saogalemu
safety	saogalemu
saffron	Saffron
sag	sag
saga	saga
sage	Sage
saggy	saggy
sail	folau
sailboat	vaa folau
sailing	faimalaga
sailor	vaʻalele
saint	tagata paia
sainted	faamamaina
saintly	tagata mama
sake	toe faʻafoʻi
salad	salati
salamander	salamander
salami	salami
salary	totogi
sale	faʻatau
salesgirl	tagata faʻatau oloa
salesman	tagata faʻatau
salient	alofa
saline	saline
saliva	fuga
sally	sally
salmon	samani
salmonella	salmonella
salon	faletalimalo
saloon	saloon
salsa	salsa
salt	masima
salted	suamalie
saltwater	vai masima
salty	suamalie
salutary	alofa
salutation	faʻafeiloaʻiga
salute	faʻafeiloaʻi
salvage	faʻaola
salvation	faaolataga
salve	salve
samba	Samba
sameness	samo
sample	faataitaiga
samurai	samurai
sanatorium	falemaʻi
sanctification	faamamaina
sanctified	faapaiaina
sanctify	faapaia
sanctimonious	faʻamaoni
sanction	faʻatagaga
sanctioned	faʻatagaina
sanctity	paia
sanctuary	malumalu
sanctum	tapu
sand	oneone
sandal	seevae
sandbox	lapoʻa oneone
sander	sander
sandman	oneone
sandpaper	laupepa
sands	oneone
sandstorm	oneone
sandwich	sanuisi
sandy	oneone
sane	sane
sanguine	sanguine
sanitarium	sanitarium
sanitary	faʻamalolo
sanitation	tumama
sanity	soifua maloloina
sans	NO TRANSLATION
santa	santa
sap	sap
sapiens	sapiens
sapphire	safaira
sappy	fiafia
sarcasm	taufaaleaga
sarcastic	talatala
sarcoma	sarcoma
sarcophagus	sarcophagus
sardine	sardine
sardonic	sardonic
sarsaparilla	sarsaparilla
sash	fusi
sashimi	sashimi
sassafras	sassafras
sassy	sassy
satanic	satanic
satchel	ato
sate	NO TRANSLATION
satellite	satelite
satin	satin
satire	nofoa
satirical	satirical
satisfaction	faamalieina
satisfactorily	malie
satisfactory	faamalieina
satisfied	faamalieina
satisfy	faamalieina
satisfying	faamalieina
saturate	saturate
saturated	tumu
saturation	saturation
satyr	satyr
sauce	saula
saucepan	lapisi
saucer	sau sau
saucy	saucy
sauerkraut	sauerkraut
sauna	sauna
sausage	sose
savage	leaga
savagery	faʻasologa
savanna	savanna
savannah	savanna
savant	savili
save	sefe
saver	laveaʻi
saving	faʻaola
savings	faʻapolopolo
savior	faaola
savor	mea manogi
savory	lelei
savvy	savvy
saw	vaai
sawdust	sawdust
sawmill	moa
sax	Sax
saxophone	saxophone
say	fai mai
sayonara	NO TRANSLATION
scab	mataʻu
scabbard	mataʻu
scaffold	maʻa
scaffolding	fausaga
scalding	vevela
scale	fua
scales	fua
scallop	taufaaleaga
scalp	meaʻai
scalpel	sela
scaly	le maasiasi
scam	sikola
scamp	sikola
scampi	sikampi
scan	mataʻitusi
scandal	taufaaleaga
scandalous	taufaaleaga
scanner	scanner
scanty	itiiti
scape	siaki
scapegoat	sosolo
scar	taula
scarab	fana
scarce	utiuti
scarcely	e le taumate
scarcity	toʻilalo
scare	fefefe
scarecrow	mataʻu
scared	mataʻu
scares	fefefe
scarf	sikafu
scarier	faila
scariest	aupito sili ona faigata
scarlet	mūmū
scary	mataʻu
scat	faataape
scatter	faataapeapeina
scattered	faataapeapeina
scattering	faataapeapeina
scavenger	faʻatau
scenario	vaaiga
scene	vaaiga
scenery	vaaiga
scenic	vaaiga
scent	manogi
scented	manogi
scepter	tootoo
sceptical	masalosalo
scepticism	masalosalo
schadenfreude	schadenfreude
schedule	faʻatulagaga
schematic	mamanu
scheme	polokalame
schilling	toso
schism	schism
schizophrenia	fomaʻi
schizophrenic	mafaufauga
schlep	schlep
schmuck	NO TRANSLATION
schnapps	schnapps
schnitzel	schnitzel
scholar	tagata atamai
scholarly	atamai
scholarship	sikolasipi
scholastic	sikolasipi
school	aʻoga
schoolboy	tama aʻoga
schoolgirl	teine ​​aʻoga
schoolhouse	faleaoga
schooling	aʻoga
schoolmaster	faiaoga sili
schoolteacher	NO TRANSLATION
schoolwork	meaaoga
schoolyard	aʻoga
schooner	sikolasipi
sciatica	sciatica
science	saienisi
scientific	saienisi
scientist	saienitisi
scifi	sikiki
scintilla	NO TRANSLATION
scintillating	sulu
scintillation	sikola
scintillator	scintillator
scion	sikola
scissors	seleulu
scoff	ulavale
scold	otegia
scolding	otegia
scone	sikola
scoop	sikola
scoot	sikoa
scooter	scooter
scope	lautele
scorch	sasa
scorching	afaina
score	sikoa
scoreboard	sikoa sikoa
scorer	sikoa
scores	togi
scorn	ulavale
scorned	ulagia
scornful	ulavale
scorpion	afua
scotch	sikola
scoundrel	taufaasese
scour	sasa
scourge	sasa
scout	sikola
scowl	ulavale
scrabble	tusitusi
scram	sikola
scramble	faʻataʻavale
scrambled	faʻataʻavalevale
scrambler	faʻataʻavalevale
scrambling	faʻailoga
scrap	solo
scrapbook	tusi tusi
scrape	solo
scrapie	laʻau
scraping	fufulu
scrappy	le fiafia
scratch	sasa
scratchy	le mautonu
scrawny	faʻailoga
scream	alaga
screamer	tagi
screaming	tagi
screech	sikola
screen	mata
screening	siaki
screenplay	screenplay
screenwriter	tagata tusitala
screw	sulu
screwball	sikolasipi
screwdriver	sikulifaata
screwed	faʻanofo
screwy	faʻailoga
screwyou	NO TRANSLATION
scribble	faʻailoa
scribe	tusiupu
scrimmage	faʻailoga
scrip	tusi
script	tusitusiga
scriptural	tusitusiga paia
scripture	mau
scroll	tusi taʻavale
scrotum	tala
scrounge	toso
scrounger	sikola
scrub	fufulu
scruffy	faʻamalosi
scrumptious	taufaasese
scrupulous	mataʻutia
scrutinize	iloilo
scrutiny	suʻesuʻeina
scuba	ufiufi
scuff	mea manogi
scuffle	faʻatau
scullery	sikula
sculptor	tagata vane
sculpture	faʻatagata
sculptured	fausaga
scum	maʻila
scumbag	scumbag
scurry	osofaʻi
scurvy	sikola
scuttle	faasee
sea	sami
seaboard	sami
seafood	sea ​​sea
seagull	fuagogo
seal	faʻamaufaʻailoga
seals	faʻamaufaʻailoga
seam	sulu
seaman	faila
seamless	leai se mea
seamstress	faʻailoga
seaport	vaʻalele
sear	saili
search	sailiga
searching	saili
searchlight	sailiga faʻamalama
seared	sami
seashore	matafaga
seasick	vaʻa
seaside	sami
season	vaitau
seasonal	vaitau
seasoned	faʻavalea
seasoning	totoga
seat	nofoa
seatbelt	nofoa
seating	nofoa
seawater	sami sami
seaweed	moa
sec	sec
secession	faʻasologa
secluded	faʻamalo
seclusion	faʻamalologa
second	tulaga lua
second cousin	tausoga lona lua
secondary	lona lua
secondhand	lua
secrecy	faalilolilo
secret	faalilolilo
secretariat	failautusi
secretary	failautusi
secrete	faʻamalosi
secretion	faasee
secretive	faalilolilo
secretly	faalilolilo
sect	vaega
sectarian	lotu
section	vaega
sectional	vaega
sector	vaega
secular	lalolagi
secularism	faalelalolagi
secure	malupuipuia
securities	puipuiga
security	saogalemu
sedan	NO TRANSLATION
sedate	fouvale
sedation	faʻasalaga
sedative	faʻatau
sedentary	faʻasalaga
sedge	otaota
sediment	pala
sedimentary	suauu
sedition	fouvale
seduce	taufaasese
seducer	taufaasese
seducing	faʻasesē
seduction	taufaasese
seductive	valea
see	Vaʻai
seed	fatu
seedling	fatuina
seeds	fatu
seedy	fatu
seek	saili
seeker	saili
seem	foliga mai
seemingly	foliga foliga
seer	tagata vaai
seesaw	seesaw
seething	ita
segment	vaega
segregate	vavae ese
segregated	faʻaseseina
segregation	vaevaega
seismic	seismic
seize	faoa
seizure	faoa faamalosi
seldom	seasea
select	filifili
selection	filifiliga
selective	filifilia
selectman	tagata filifilia
selenium	seleni
self	ia lava
selfharm	NO TRANSLATION
selfish	manatu faapito
selfishness	manatu faapito
selfless	le manatu faapito
selflove	NO TRANSLATION
selfworth	NO TRANSLATION
sell	faʻatau
seller	tagata faʻatau
sellout	sellout
seltzer	se tasi
semantics	semina
semaphore	semaphore
semblance	foliga tutusa
semen	suauu
semester	semesa
semi	semi
semiautomatic	NO TRANSLATION
semicolon	semicolon
seminal	semina
seminar	semina
seminary	seminare
semiotics	semina
senate	senate
senator	Senator
send	auina atu
sender	tagata na auina mai
senescence	senescence
senile	lagona
senior	sinia
seniority	ofisa sinia
senor	senor
senorita	senorita
sensation	lagona
sensational	maaleale
sense	lagona
senseless	leai se uiga
senses	lagona
sensibility	lagona
sensible	mafaufau lelei
sensibly	lagona lelei
sensitive	maaleale
sensitivity	lagona
sensor	leo
sensory	lagona lelei
sensual	lagona
sensuality	lagona
sensuous	sensuous
sentence	faasalaga
sentencing	faasalaga
sentient	lagona
sentiment	lagona
sentimental	lagona
sentimentality	lagona
sentinel	fitafita
sentry	feʻau
separable	vavae ese
separate	ese
separately	ese
separation	teteʻa
separatist	vavaeese
sepia	sepia
sepsis	sepsis
sept	fitu
septic	septic
septum	septum
sequel	faʻasologa
sequence	faasologa
sequent	mulimuli
sequestered	faʻamaonia
sequestration	faʻasalaga
serenade	serenade
serendipity	faʻasalaga
serene	filemu
serenity	filemu
sergeant	satini
serial	telefoni
serialize	faʻamaonia
series	faasologa
serif	telefoni
serious	ogaoga
seriousness	ogaoga
sermon	lauga
serpent	gata
serpentine	gata
serrated	faʻamalosi
serum	serum
servant	auauna
serve	tautua
server	faʻaumau
service	auaunaga
serviceable	tautua
servile	tautile
servitude	tautua
sesame	sesame
sess	NO TRANSLATION
session	vasega
sessions	vasega
set	seti
setback	setback
sett	NO TRANSLATION
setter	setter
settle	fofo
settled	faamautu
settlement	faʻavae
settler	tagata nofoia
settlor	faʻamautu
setup	seti
seven	fitu
seventeen	sefulu ma le fitu
seventh	tulaga fitu
seventy	fitu sefulu
sever	vavae ese
severable	tele
severally	taitoatasi
severance	faʻasalaga
severe	ogaoga
severely	ogaoga
severity	malosi
sew	sulu
sewage	vaʻaia
sewer	vai
sewerage	otaota vale
sewing	suisui
sex	feusuaiga
sexist	tagata tafaoga
sexual	feusuaiga
sexuality	feusuaiga
sexy	sexy
shabby	faʻailoga
shack	ufi
shackle	laʻau
shade	paolo
shades	ata
shading	ufiufi
shadow	ata lafoia
shadowy	ata lafoia
shady	ata
shaft	fana
shag	kalu
shaggy	uʻamea
shake	lulu
shakedown	lulu
shaken	luluina
shaker	faasee
shaking	luluina
shaky	le mautonu
shall	e tatau
shallow	papaʻu
shallows	papaʻu
sham	fam
shaman	shaman
shambles	faʻavalea
shame	maasiasi
shamed	faʻalumaina
shameful	faʻalumaina
shameless	faʻalumaina
shampoo	moa
shanghai	shanghai
shank	toso
shanty	lau
shape	foliga
shapely	mataʻu
shard	lau
share	faʻasoa
shareholder	tagata fai sea
sharing	faʻasoa
shark	malie
sharp	mataʻutia
sharpen	faʻamalosi
sharpened	faʻamalosi
sharpener	faʻamalosi
sharpness	malosi
sharpshooter	faʻasalaga
shatter	malepelepe
shattered	malepelepe
shattering	malepelepe
shave	sele
shaver	paolo
shaving	fao
shawl	solo
sheaf	fusi saito
shear	lalaga
shears	seleta
sheath	afu
sheathing	taʻavale
shed	faʻataʻavale
sheen	ia
sheep	mamoe
sheepdog	mamoe
sheepish	mamoe
sheer	faʻatau
sheet	pepa
sheik	ia
shelf	fata
shell	atigi
shellfish	shellfish
shelling	tatagi
shelter	fale
sheltered	malulu
shelters	fale puipui
shelved	fata
shepherd	leoleo mamoe
sherbet	sherbet
sheriff	leoleo
sherry	sherry
shield	talita
shift	fesuiaiga
shifting	suia
shifty	suauu
shilling	sisi
shimmer	lue
shimmering	tafa
shimmy	lue
shin	susulu
shindig	shindig
shine	susulu
shiner	susulu
shingle	shingle
shining	susulu
shiny	susulu
ship	vaa
shipment	utaina
shipping	felauaiga
shipshape	vaahape
shipwreck	fafati
shipyard	uta taʻavale
shire	sosolo
shirt	ofutino
shit	migao
shitday	NO TRANSLATION
shitfaced	faʻafefe
shithead	mimita
shitless	matamuli
shitload	shitload
shittest	NO TRANSLATION
shitty	matamuli
shiver	sulu
shivering	liliuina
shoals	faʻailoga
shock	faateia
shocked	faateia
shocker	osofaʻi
shocking	faateia
shockingly	ma le ofo
shoddy	faʻailoa
shoe	seevae
shoelace	seevae
shoemaker	solo
shoes	seevae
shoeshine	seevae
shook	lulu
shoot	fana
shooter	fana
shooting	fana
shootout	taleni
shop	faleoloa
shopkeeper	faleoloa
shoplifter	faʻatau
shoplifting	faʻamalosi
shopper	tagata faʻatau
shopping	faatau
shore	matafaga
shoreline	matafaga
shorn	toso
short	puupuu
short story	tala puupuu
shortage	le lava
shortcake	faapuupuu
shortcoming	toilalo
shortcut	popo
shorten	faapuupuu
shortening	faapuupuuina
shorthand	poto
shortly	vave
shortness	puupuu
shorts	toso
shortstop	puupuu
shortwave	vavave
shot	fana
shotgun	fana fanafana
shoulder	tauau
shout	alalaga
shove	fana
shovel	suo
shoveling	vevela
show	faaali
showbiz	showbiz
showboat	faʻailoga
showcase	faʻailoga
showdown	osofaʻiga
shower	fagu
showgirl	faʻaalia
showing	faʻaalia
showoff	fia iloa
showroom	faʻaaliga
showy	faʻafiafia
shrapnel	faʻapipiʻi
shred	mimilo
shrew	toso
shrewd	atamai
shriek	tagi
shrill	sulu
shrimp	gaogao
shrine	malumalu
shrink	toilalo
shrinking	mimilo
shrivel	faʻaitiitia
shroud	faʻafefe
shrub	vao
shrubbery	faʻamafu
shrug	sulu
shrunk	sulu
shrunken	faanatinati
shudder	matamuli
shuddering	matamuli
shuffle	sosolo
shuffleboard	sikola laupapa
shuffling	sosolo
shun	aloese
shunned	aloese
shunt	shunt
shut	tapuni
shutdown	tapuni i lalo
shuteye	NO TRANSLATION
shutit	NO TRANSLATION
shutter	tapuni
shuttle	taʻavale
shutup	NO TRANSLATION
shy	matamuli
shyness	matamuli
shyster	matamuli
sib	NO TRANSLATION
sibling	siʻosiʻomaga
sic	Sic
sick	maʻi
sickbay	maʻi
sicken	maʻi
sickening	maʻi
sickle	selesaito
sickly	maʻi
sickness	maʻi
side	itu
sidearm	autafa
sidebar	autafa
sideboard	ala laupapa
sideburns	taʻavale
sidecar	autafa
sidekick	autafa
sideline	sideline
sideshow	itu
sidestep	itutep
sidewalk	ala savali
sideways	alalafaga
sidewinder	autafa
siege	siepi
siesta	taʻaloga
sieve	sieve
sift	sift
sifting	faʻailogaina
sigh	sigh
sight	mata
sighting	matamata
sightseeing	mataʻituina
sigma	sigma
sign	faʻailoga
signal	faailo
signature	saini
significance	taua
significant	taua
signification	uiga
signify	faailoa
signpost	faʻailoga
silence	filemu
silencer	tagi
silent	filemu
silently	filemu
silhouette	tala sili
silicon	kilika
silicone	silicone
silk	siliki
silken	siliva
silky	siliki
sill	sill
silliness	silliness
silly	valea
silo	silo
silt	suauʻu
silver	siliva
silverware	tupe siliva
silvery	tupe siliva
similar	tutusa
similarity	tutusa
simile	NO TRANSLATION
simmer	faʻapena
simmering	simmering
simple	faigofie
simples	NO TRANSLATION
simpleton	faigofie
simplicity	faigofie
simplify	faʻafaigofie
simplistic	faigofie
simply	faigofie
simulate	faʻatusatusa
simulated	faʻatusatusa
simulating	faʻataʻitaʻi
simulation	simulation
simulator	simulator
simultaneous	tutusa
simultaneously	i le taimi e tasi
sin	NO TRANSLATION
sincere	faamaoni
sincerity	faamaoni
sinful	agasala
sing	pese
singer	pese
singing	pesepesega
single	tasi
singly	tasi
singular	tasi
singularity	uiga ese
singularly	taʻitasi
sinister	agasala
sink	sosolo
sinker	sulu
sinking	sosolo
sinner	tagata agasala
sinning	agasala
sinus	mea leaga
sip	sip
siphon	siphon
sipping	sasaina
sir	alii
sire	leai
siren	siren
sirloin	sirloin
sissy	sissy
sister	tuafafine
sisterhood	tuafafine
sit	nofo
sitcom	sitcom
site	saite
sith	sith
sitter	nofo
sitting	nofo
situate	nofo
situated	tu
situation	tulaga
six	ono
sixpence	onopence
sixteen	sefulu ma le ono
sixth	tulaga ono
sixty	ono sefulu
sizable	sivable
size	tele
sizzle	toso
ska	NO TRANSLATION
skate	sikola
skateboard	vaʻavaʻa
skater	tafaoga
skating	taʻavale
skedaddle	skedaddle
skeet	skeet
skein	skein
skeletal	skeletal
skeleton	selu
skeptic	masalosalo
skeptical	masalosalo
skepticism	masalosalo
sketch	ata tusi
sketching	tusitusi
sketchy	toso
skewed	skewed
skewer	skewer
ski	ski
skid	sikola
skier	sikola
skiff	skiff
skiing	faaseʻe
skijump	NO TRANSLATION
skill	tomai
skilled	tomai
skillet	selu
skillful	atamai
skim	ata
skimpy	ufiufi
skin	paʻu
skinny	paʻu
skip	faaseʻe
skipper	skipper
skirmish	faʻamalosi
skirt	lapisi
skirting	sosoʻo
skirts	lapisi
skit	sikola
skittish	lalelei
skull	ulupulu
skunk	skunk
sky	lagi
skylight	lagi malamalama
skyline	lagiline
skyscraper	vaʻavaʻa
slab	tui
slack	slack
slag	slag
slam	slam
slammer	slammer
slander	taufaaleaga
slanderous	tagata taufaaleaga
slang	selu
slant	tui
slap	tui
slash	slash
slashes	sulu
slate	tui
slates	tui
slaughter	fasiga
slaughterhouse	fale fasimanu
slaughtering	fasiotia
slave	pologa
slavery	pologa
slay	fasioti
slayer	fasioti tagata
sleaze	vaivai
sleazy	valea
sled	NO TRANSLATION
sledding	selu
sledge	togi
sledgehammer	sledgehammer
sleek	sleek
sleep	moe
sleeper	moe
sleeping	moe
sleepless	leai se moe
sleeplessness	leai se moe
sleepover	sulu
sleepy	moe
sleepyhead	moe moe
sleet	faasee
sleeve	lima lima
sleeveless	leai se lima
sleigh	faasee
sleight	faasee
slender	faʻanatinati
sleuth	faasee
slice	paʻu
slick	slick
slicker	slicker
slide	paʻu
slider	faasee
sliding	faasee
slight	itiiti
slight anticipation	itiiti le mafaufau
slight disgust	itiiti le le fiafia
slight surprise	itiiti le mautonu
slight trust	itiiti le faʻalagolago
slightly	itiiti
slightly negative	itiiti le leaga
slightly positive	sina mea lelei
slim	sima
slime	slime
slimy	taugofie
sling	maata
slingshot	slingshot
slink	paʻu
slinky	slinky
slip	slip
slipper	slipper
slippers	slippers
slippery	masei
slit	paʻu
sliver	sliver
slob	paʻu
slobber	pala
slogan	taufaaleaga
sloop	toso
slop	NO TRANSLATION
slope	tolotolo
sloppy	pala
slot	slot
sloth	toso
slouch	slouch
slough	sosolo
slow	telegese
slowly	lemu
slowness	tuai
sludge	sludge
slug	slug
slugger	slugger
sluggish	faʻanoanoa
sluice	sluice
slum	moe
slumber	moe
slump	toso
slur	slur
slurp	paʻu
slush	sulu
slut	paʻu
slutty	paʻu
sly	sly
smack	smack
small	laiti
smaller	laiti
smallest	sili ona itiiti
smallpox	pepe
smart	atamai
smartass	atamai
smarten	atamai
smarty	atamai
smash	talepe
smashed	faʻanoanoa
smattering	faʻalelei
smear	smear
smell	manogi
smelling	manogi
smelly	mea manogi
smelt	sulu
smidgen	smidgen
smile	ataata
smiled	ataata
smiles	ataata
smiley	ataata
smiling	ataata
smirk	smirk
smite	taia
smith	smith
smithereens	fasioti tagata
smitten	taia
smock	sulu
smog	smog
smoke	ulaula
smoker	ulaula
smokey	smokey
smoking	ulaula
smoky	ulaula
smoldering	fiafia
smooch	smooch
smooth	lamolemole
smoothie	lamolemole
smoothly	lamolemole
smoothness	lamolemole
smother	sili atu
smudge	ulavale
smug	smug
smuggle	feteʻenaʻiga
smuggler	smuggler
smuggling	faʻatau faʻatau
smut	fiafia
snack	afaina
snacks	afaina
snafu	mailei
snag	snag
snags	afaina
snail	sosolo
snake	gata
snakes	gata
snakeskin	snakeskin
snap	mailei
snapper	faʻamaʻa
snappy	faʻasoesa
snapshot	ata
snare	mailei
snarl	sulu
snarling	gaoi
snatch	toso
snatcher	toso
snazzy	snazzy
sneak	sneak
sneaker	sneaker
sneakers	sneakers
sneaking	seneʻe
sneaky	sneaky
sneer	sneer
sneeze	sneeze
sneezing	seneezing
snicker	sosolo
snide	gata
sniff	sulu
snip	snip
snipe	snipe
sniper	suauu
snippet	snippet
snippy	le fiafia
snitch	toso
snob	snob
snoop	snoop
snoopy	snoopy
snooty	snooty
snooze	snooze
snore	sosolo
snorkel	snorkel
snort	sosolo
snot	snot
snotty	snotty
snout	snout
snow	kiona
snowball	kiona
snowboard	kiona
snowboarder	snowboarder
snowday	snow snow
snowfall	kiona
snowflake	snowflake
snowing	kiona
snowmageddon	kiona
snowman	kiona
snowplow	snowplow
snowstorm	afa o le kiona
snowy	kiona
snub	snub
snubbed	sosolo
snuff	snuff
snug	snug
snuggle	sisiva
snuggled	gutu
snuggles	fagu
snuggling	sisi
soak	sook
soaked	sulu
soaking	toso
soangry	NO TRANSLATION
soannoyed	NO TRANSLATION
soap	fasimoli
soapbox	soapbox
soapy	fasimoli
soar	soar
soaring	soaring
sob	NO TRANSLATION
sober	sober
soblessed	NO TRANSLATION
sobriety	filemu
soc	soc
soccer	soka
sociable	faʻaaloalo
social	agafesootai
socialanxiety	NO TRANSLATION
socialism	sosaiete
socialist	sosaiete
socialite	sosaiete
socialize	fegalegaleaiga
society	sosaiete
sociology	sosaiete
sociopath	sociopath
sock	sock
socket	socket
sod	suauu
soda	suauu
soda/pop	soda / pop
sodding	susu
sodium	sodium
sofa	sofa
soft	vaivai
softball	lakapi
soften	faamalulu
softener	faamalulu
softening	faamalulu
softly	vaivai
softness	vaivai
software	polokalama
soggy	soggy
sohappy	fiafia
soil	palapala
soiled	leaga
soiree	soiree
sojourn	aumau
solace	mafanafana
solar	sola
solarium	Solarium
solder	soli
soldering	soli
soldier	fitafita
sole	tasi
solemn	mamalu
solicit	tagi
solicitation	faʻasalaga
solicitor	loia
solid	mausali
solidarity	lotogatasi
solidification	faʻamalosia
solidified	faamautuina
solidify	faʻamautu
solidity	malosi
solitaire	nofo toatasi
solitary	tasi
solitude	nofo toatasi
solo	solo
solubility	soluvale
soluble	soluble
solucky	solucky
solution	fofo
solve	fofo
solvency	solitulaloa
solvent	solu
somad	NO TRANSLATION
somatic	aotelega
somber	somber
some anticipation	nisi o faʻatali
some disgust	nisi o mea inoino
some surprise	nisi mea e ofo ai
some trust	nisi faatuatuaga
somersault	toso
somethingigetalot	NO TRANSLATION
somewhat negative	e le lelei
somewhat positive	lelei tele
somuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
son	atali'i
sonar	sonar
sonata	sonata
sonervous	NO TRANSLATION
song	pese
songwriter	tusitala
sonic	sonic
sonice	NO TRANSLATION
sonnet	Sonnet
sonorous	fiafia
soot	soot
soothe	faamafanafana
soothing	toʻa
sophisticated	sophisticated
sophistication	sophistication
sophomore	i le isi tausaga
sopissed	NO TRANSLATION
soppy	soppy
soprano	soprano
sorcerer	failaitu
sorcery	togafiti faataulaitu
sordid	sordid
sore	tiga
soready	tiga
sorely	tiga
soreness	tiga
sorghum	sorghum
sorority	popolega
sorrow	faanoanoaga
sorrowful	faanoanoa
sorry	malie
sort	faʻanofo
sorter	NO TRANSLATION
sortie	NO TRANSLATION
sorting	fesuiaiga
sos	NO TRANSLATION
soscared	sosola
soscary	saogalemu
soslow	sosola
sostressed	NO TRANSLATION
sosweet	suamalie tele
sothankful	NO TRANSLATION
sou	NO TRANSLATION
soul	agaga
soulful	agaga faʻamaoni
soulless	leai se agaga
soulmate	tagata ola
sound	leo
sounding	leo
soundness	lelei
soundproof	leai se leo
soundtrack	leo leo
soup	supa
sour	suamalie
source	punavai
sourpuss	afu
south	saute
southbound	southbund
southeast	sautesasae
southern	saute
southpaw	Southpaw
southwest	Southwest
souvenir	sou manatu
sovereign	pule
sovereignty	puleʻaga
soviet	Soviet
sow	lulu
soy	sogi
soy sauce	soya soya
soybean	soya
spa	spa
space	avanoa
spacecraft	vaalele vaalele
spaceman	avanoa
spaceship	avanoa
spacing	avanoa
spacious	lautele
spade	vavae
spaghetti	spaghetti
spam	spam
spammers	tagata tafaoga
span	NO TRANSLATION
spandex	spandex
spaniel	faʻavaʻa
spank	vaʻai
spanking	feilafi
spar	vaʻa
spare	avanoa
spareribs	mea faʻapitoa
sparingly	itiiti
spark	aloiafi
sparkle	sulu
sparkling	e manaia
sparkly	mataʻutia
sparring	felafolafoaʻi
sparrow	manu felelei
sparse	laititi
spasm	spasm
spastic	spastic
spat	vaʻaia
spatial	fanua faʻapitoa
spatter	vaʻaia
spatula	spatula
spawn	avanoa
spaz	spaz
speak	tautala
speakeasy	faʻamatalaga
speaker	failauga
speakerphone	failauga
speaking	tautala
spear	tao
spec	faʻamatalaga
special	faapitoa
specialist	tagata poto faapitoa
speciality	faapitoa
specialize	NO TRANSLATION
specially	aemaise lava
specialty	faapitoa
specie	NO TRANSLATION
species	ituaiga
specific	patino
specification	faʻamatalaga
specify	faʻamautinoa
specimen	faʻataʻitaʻiga
speck	speck
speckled	faʻanoanoa
specs	taumatematega
spectacle	faaaliga
spectacles	vaaiga
spectacular	mataʻina
spectator	tagata maimoa
specter	matamata
spectral	mataʻupu
spectrometer	vaaiga
spectrophotometer	spectrophotometer
spectroscopy	faʻaaloalo
spectrum	fusi
speculate	taumatemate
speculation	taumatematega
speculative	taumatemate
speculum	taʻutinoga
speech	tautalaga
speechless	le tautala
speed	saoasaoa
speedboat	saoasaoa
speedily	vave
speeding	saoasaoa
speedometer	speedometer
speedway	vave
speedy	vave
spell	sipela
spellbound	e vaʻaia
spelling	sipelaga
spencer	spencer
spend	faʻaalu
spender	sosolo
spending	faaaluina
spent	faʻaalu
sperm	sperm
spew	vaʻai
sphere	avanoa
spherical	faʻapitoa
sphincter	sphincter
sphinx	sphinx
spic	faʻasologa
spice	mea manogi
spicy	solo
spider	apogaleveleve
spiders	vaʻaiti
spiffy	telefoni
spigot	laʻau
spike	toto
spiked	faʻatasi
spiky	tala
spill	sasaa
spillin	NO TRANSLATION
spin	vili
spinach	meaʻai
spinal	vaʻa
spindle	pine
spine	tui
spineless	leai se mea
spinner	faʻatalanoa
spinning	taloina
spinster	vili
spiny	vili
spiral	sosoʻo
spire	sasa
spirit	agaga
spirited	agaga
spirits	agaga
spiritual	faaleagaga
spirituality	faaleagaga
spit	feanu
spite	ioe
spiteful	loto malie
spitfire	fealofani
spittoon	feanu
splash	sosolo
splat	splat
splatter	faʻamalolo
spleen	toso
splendid	matagofie
splendor	matagofie
splice	faʻasologa
spline	toso
splint	sulu
splinter	splinter
split	vaelua
splitting	vaeluaina
splurge	faʻasalaga
spoil	faoa
spoiler	tagata faʻatau
spoiling	vevela
spoils	vete
spoke	tautala
spoken	tautalagia
spokesman	failauga
spokesperson	failauga
sponge	omomi
spongy	vale
sponsor	sponsor
sponsorship	lagolago
spontaneity	faʻaaloalo
spontaneous	faʻavave
spoof	vevela
spook	toso
spooky	vevesi
spool	afu
spoon	sipuni
spoonful	sipuni
sporadic	faʻapitoa
spore	totogo
sport	taaloga
sporting	taaloga
sports	taʻaloga
sports car	taavale taʻavale
sportsman	tagata taalo
sportsmanship	taʻaloga
sportswriter	tusitala taʻaloga
sporty	taʻaloga
spot	lapoʻa
spotless	le pisia
spotlight	matagofie
spotted	vaʻaia
spotter	vaʻai
spotty	vaʻaia
spousal	ulugalii
spouse	toalua
spout	afu
sprain	faʻamalosi
sprawl	toso
spray	sulu
spread	salalau
spreader	salalau
spree	spree
spring	tautotogo
springtime	tautotogo
sprinkle	sasaa
sprinkler	suauu
sprinkling	faʻasusu
sprint	faʻasolosolo
sprite	sikola
sprout	totogo
spruce	sulu
spud	spud
spunk	sosolo
spunky	faʻasolosolo
spur	sosolo
spurious	valea
spurred	felafoaʻi
spurt	sosolo
spy	tutei
squabble	sikoa
squad	sikoa
squadron	sikoa
squall	sikuea
squamous	sikuea
squander	faʻailoga
square	sikuea
squash	squash
squat	sikuea
squatter	sikuea
squaw	sikuea
squawk	sikoa
squeak	faʻailoga
squeaky	faʻailoga
squeal	squeal
squealer	squealer
squeamish	squeamish
squeeze	soso
squeezing	tosoina
squelch	squelch
squid	squid
squint	squint
squire	squire
squirm	squirm
squirrel	squirrel
squirt	squirt
squish	squish
squishy	squishy
stab	toso
stabbed	paʻu
stability	mautu
stabilize	faamautu
stabilizer	faʻamautu
stable	mausali
staccato	staccato
stack	faaputuga
stadium	stadium
staff	aufaigaluega
stag	toso
stage	laasaga
stagecoach	taavale solofanua
stagehand	faʻailoga
stagger	le mautonu
staggering	fefe
stagnant	le mautonu
stagnation	malo
staid	toso
stain	pisia
stained	mamanu
stainless	leai se mea
stair	vaalele
staircase	ala faasitepu
stairs	faasitepu
stairway	ala savali
stairwell	stairwell
stake	siteki
stakeout	faʻasalalauga
stale	tu
stalemate	faʻamalosi
stalk	taʻavale
stalker	tagata faʻatau
stall	fale
stallion	solofanua
stalls	fale puipui
stalwart	toa
stamina	malosi
stamp	faailoga tusi
stampede	faʻasologa
stance	tulaga
stand	tu
standard	tulaga masani
standardize	fausaga
standardized	faʻasalalau
standby	faatali mai
standing	tu
standoff	lafoaʻi
standpoint	vaaiga
standstill	tu
standup	tu i luga
stanza	stanza
staph	togi
staple	faʻapitoa
stapler	mea faʻapipiʻi
star	fetu
star fruit	fetu fua
starboard	starboard
starch	malo
stardom	valea
stardust	laʻau
stare	matamata
starfish	fetu
stargazing	osofaʻi
staring	vaʻai
stark	saʻo
starlet	ulugalii
starlight	fetu malamalama
starling	faʻanoanoa
starry	faʻanoanoa
stars	fetu
starship	fetu
start	amata
starter	amataga
startle	fefe
startled	maofa
startling	maofa
starvation	matelaina
starve	fiaai
starved	fiaai
starving	matelaina
stash	faasee
stat	stat
state	setete
stately	taua
statement	faʻamatalaga
stateroom	setete
stateside	taʻutaʻua
statesman	faipule
static	fuainumera
staticky	NO TRANSLATION
statics	statics
station	nofoaga
stationary	tu
stationery	tusi pepa
statistic	fuainumera
statistical	fuainumera
statistician	statistician
stator	stator
statuary	statuary
statue	faʻatagata
statuette	faʻamau
stature	maualuga
status	tulaga
statute	tulafono
statutory	tulafono
staunch	faʻamalosi
stave	faʻamau
stay	nofo
stayaway	NO TRANSLATION
stayed	nofo
stays	nofo
stead	tulaga
steadfast	mausali
steady	tumau
steak	steak
steakhouse	nofoaafi
steal	gaoi
stealing	gaoi
stealth	faʻamalosivale
stealthily	faʻamalosi
stealthy	faʻamalosi
steam	vaʻa
steamboat	vaʻalele
steamer	vaʻa
steaming	uila
steamroller	vaʻalele
steamship	vaʻalele
steamy	vaʻa
steel	sila
steep	maualuga
steeple	maualuga
steer	taʻavale
steering	taʻavale
stellar	maʻa
stem	au
stench	manogi
stencil	sulu
stenographer	tusitala
step	laasaga
stepdaughter	stepdaughter
stepfather	tamaʻitaʻi
stepmother	tina failele
steppe	steppe
steps	laasaga
stepson	laasaga
stereo	sitete
stereoscopic	stereoscopic
stereotype	faʻataʻitaʻiga
stereotyped	faʻataʻitaʻiga
sterile	faʻamaʻi
sterility	vailaau
sterilize	faʻamaʻi
sterling	faʻamaonia
stern	stern
sternum	sternum
steroid	fomaʻi
stethoscope	stethoscope
stew	salu
steward	tausimea
stewardess	tausimea
stewardship	tausimea
stfu	stfu
stick	laau
sticker	sisi
sticking	pipii
stickler	tagata faʻapipiʻi
stickup	paʻu
sticky	toso
stiff	malo
stiffen	faʻamalosi
stiffness	malosi
stifle	faʻasao
stifled	faʻailogaina
stifling	taofiofia
stigma	faʻailoga
stile	NO TRANSLATION
stiletto	stiletto
stillbirth	faʻanofo
stillborn	fanau mai
stillness	filemu
stillwaiting	NO TRANSLATION
stilts	maʻa
stimulant	faaosofia
stimulate	faaosofia
stimulating	faaosofia
stimulation	faaosofia
stimulus	faaosofia
sting	tui
stinger	faʻamalosi
stinging	tui
stingy	valea
stink	sulu
stinker	sulu
stinking	sulu
stinky	sulu
stint	tusitusi
stipend	faʻavae
stipulate	faʻamaonia
stipulation	aiaiga
stir	osofaʻi
stirring	osofaʻi
stitch	sisi
stitching	tui
stock	oloa
stockade	teuina
stockbroker	faʻatau oloa
stockholder	tagata faʻatau
stocking	teuga
stockings	totini
stockpile	teuga oloa
stockroom	fale teu oloa
stocks	oloa
stoic	maʻa
stole	gaoia
stolen	gaoia
stomach	manava
stomachache	manava tiga
stomp	fetogi
stomped	tuʻituʻi
stone	maʻa
stoned	fetogia
stonewall	maʻa
stoneware	maʻa
stony	maʻa
stooge	manu
stool	nofoa
stools	ogaumu
stoop	toso
stoopid	tuʻu
stop	taofi
stopover	toso
stoppage	taofi
stopper	taofi
stopping	taofi
stopwatch	taofi
storage	teuina
store	faleoloa
storefront	fale teu oloa
storehouse	faleteuoloa
storeroom	potu teu oloa
storing	teuina
storm	afā
storming	osofaia
stormy	matagi
story	tala
storybook	tusi tala
storyteller	tala tala
storytelling	tala tala
stound	faʻanoanoa
stout	malosi
stove	ogaumu
stow	faʻamalosi
stowaway	ogaoga
straddle	toso
straight	saʻo
straighten	faasaʻo
straightforward	saʻo
straightway	vave
strain	faʻalavelave
strained	faʻanoanoa
strait	saʻo
straitjacket	vavalalata
straits	toʻilalo
strand	faʻailoga
stranded	faʻailogaina
strange	ese
stranger	tagata ese
strangle	strangle
strangulation	eseʻese
strap	maea
strapless	leai se mea
strapping	fusi
strata	vae
strategic	taʻiala
strategist	taʻiala
strategy	taʻiala
stratification	puipuiga
stratosphere	fuafuaga
stratum	stratum
stratus	stratus
straw	vaomago
strawberry	vine
stray	sese
streak	faasolosolo
streaked	taʻavale
stream	vaitafe
streamer	vaitafe
streaming	faʻafefe
streamline	faʻasolosolo
street	auala
streetcar	ala taavale
streetlight	streetlight
strength	malosi
strengthen	faamalosia
strengthening	faamalosia
strenuous	malosi
strep	strep
stress	popole
stressed	faamamafa
stresses	popolega
stressfree	NO TRANSLATION
stressful	popolega
stressin	NO TRANSLATION
stressing	faamamafa
stressrelief	NO TRANSLATION
stretch	faʻalautele
stretcher	ogaoga
stricken	sasaina
strict	matua
stride	laa
strife	finauga
strike	oso
strikeout	osofaʻi
striker	tagata taʻavale
striking	osofaia
strikingly	mataʻutia
string	manoa
strings	manoa
stringy	faʻamalosi
strip	taʻavale
stripe	toso
striped	taʻavale
stripped	aveese
stripper	taʻavale
striptease	taʻavale
strive	taumafai
strobe	taʻavale
stroke	taʻavale
stroll	savalivali
stroller	pipi
strolling	savalivali
strong	malosi
stronghold	malosi
strongly	malosi
structural	fausaga
structure	fausaga
strudel	faʻataunuʻu
struggle	tauiviga
strut	feteenaʻiga
stub	togi
stubbed	tumutumu
stubble	vao
stubborn	loto maʻaʻa
stubbornness	loto maʻaʻa
stubby	stubby
stucco	stucco
stuck	pipii
stuckup	NO TRANSLATION
stud	ataliʻi
studded	teuteu
student	tamaitiiti aoga
studied	suʻesuʻeina
studio	atinaʻe
study	suʻesuʻe
stuff	mea
stuffed animal	manu faʻanoanoa
stuffing	meaʻai
stuffy	mea manogi
stumble	tautevateva
stump	aʻa
stumped	tuʻu
stun	toso
stunned	maofa
stunner	faʻaipoipo
stunning	ofoofogia
stunt	faʻamalosi
stunted	faʻanoanoa
stuntman	tagata faʻatau
stupefaction	faʻanoanoa
stupefy	mataʻutia
stupendous	mataʻutia
stupid	valea
stupidity	valea
stupidpeople	NO TRANSLATION
stupidrain	NO TRANSLATION
stupor	valea
sturdy	malosi
sturgeon	toso
stutter	faʻamalosi
sty	lanu
style	sitaili
styling	faʻailoga
stylish	lelei
stylist	stylist
suave	suave
sub	sub
subatomic	subomomic
subcommittee	sub-komiti
subconscious	le malamalama
subcutaneous	lalo ifo
subdivide	vaevaeina
subdivision	vaevaega
subduction	subduction
subdue	toʻilalo
subdued	toilalo
subdural	faʻavae
subito	NO TRANSLATION
subject	autu
subjected	lalo ifo
subjection	gauaʻi
subjective	agaga
subjugation	toilalo
sublet	sugu
sublevel	tala
sublimation	faʻailoga
sublime	mamalu
subliminal	faʻafetai
submarine	submarine
submerge	toilalo
submerged	faʻapalapalaina
submersible	faʻapipiʻi
submission	talosaga
submissive	gauaʻi
submit	lafo
submitting	lafoina
subordinate	lagolago
subordination	faʻavaeina
subplot	pito i lalo
subpoena	tusitusi
subscribe	totogi
subscriber	tagata fai saofaga
subscription	saofaga
subsequence	mulimuli
subsequent	mulimuli ane
subsequently	mulimuli ane
subservient	tausi
subset	faila
subside	faʻavae
subsidence	saofaga
subsidiary	lala
subsidize	saofaga
subsidy	fesoasoani
subsist	ola pea
subsistence	saofaga
subsoil	saofaga
subspace	saofaga
substance	vailaau
substandard	lalo ifo
substantial	tele
substantially	tele
substantiate	faʻamaonia
substantive	mea taua
substation	sui
substitute	sui
substituted	suia
substitution	sui
substructure	faʻavae
subterranean	lalo ifo
subtext	tusiga
subtitle	ulutala
subtle	maaleale
subtlety	faʻaʻoleʻole
subtract	toesea
subtraction	suʻega
subtype	subtype
suburb	laufanua
suburban	faletalimalo
suburbia	laufanua mamao
suburbs	fanua faʻatoʻaga
subversion	faʻalavelave
subversive	toilalo
subvert	faʻalavelave
subway	alalaupapa
succeed	manuia
succeeding	manuia
success	manuia
successful	manuia
succession	faasologa
successive	mulimuli
successor	sui
succinct	puupuu
succubus	faʻasolosolo
succulent	faigofie
succumb	toso
suck	susu
sucker	sucker
sucking	susu
suckling	susu
sucks	sugu
suction	suʻi
sudden	faʻafuaseʻi
suddenly	faʻafuaseʻi
suds	su
sue	tagi
suede	mulimuli ane
suffer	mafatia
sufferer	tagata mafatia
suffering	mafatiaga
suffice	lava
sufficiency	lava
sufficient	lava
sufficiently	lava
suffix	suffix
suffocate	lava
suffocating	toso
suffocation	toso
sugar	suka
suggest	fautuaina
suggestion	fautuaga
suggestive	fautuaga
suicidal	suicidal
suicide	pule ola
suicidebombing	NO TRANSLATION
suit	suti
suitable	talafeagai
suitcase	atopau
suite	isi
suitor	suitor
sulfate	sulfate
sulfur	sulfur
sulk	sulk
sullen	ita
sully	sully
sulphur	sulfur
sultan	sultan
sultry	osofaʻi
sum	aofai
summarily	otooto
summarize	otooto
summary	otootoga
summation	otootoga
summer	taumafanafana
summerhouse	fale vevela
summertime	taumafanafana
summit	Summit
summon	samania
summons	samania
sumo	otootoga
sump	otooto
sumptuous	maoaʻe
sun	la
sunbeam	la
sunburn	la
sundae	sundae
sunday	Aso Sa
sundial	sundial
sundown	le goto o le la
sundry	sundry
sunflower	la
sunglass	mata tioata
sunglasses	mata tioata
sunk	sulu
sunken	na susulu
sunless	leai se la
sunlight	susulu o le la
sunny	la
sunrise	oso aʻe o le lā
sunroof	sunroof
sunscreen	sunscreen
sunset	goto le la
sunshine	la susulu
suntan	suntan
sunup	oso i luga
sup	sup
super	sili
superannuation	supaaneueta
superb	sili atu
superficial	papaʻu
superfluous	matua le lelei
superhero	superhero
superhuman	superhuman
superimposed	sili atu
superintendent	pule sili
superior	sili
superiority	maualuga
superlative	silisili
superman	alii sili
supermarket	supermarket
supermodel	supermodel
supernatant	supernatant
supernatural	mea ofoofogia
supernova	supernova
superposition	puleaina
superpower	pule malosi
supersede	sili atu
superstar	sili atu
superstition	talitonuga faanuupo
superstitious	taufaasese
superstore	fale faʻapitoa
supervise	vaavaaia
supervision	vaavaaiga
supervisor	supavaisa
supper	talisuaga
suppertime	taimi talisuaga
supplant	sui
supple	supple
supplement	faʻaopoopoga
supplemental	faʻaopoopoga
supplementary	faaopoopo
supplication	talosaga
supplier	tagata faʻatau
supplies	sapalai
supply	sapalai
support	lagolago
supported	lagolagoina
supporter	lagolago
supporters	lagolago
supporting	lagolago
supportive	lagolago
suppose	manatu
supposed	manatu
supposing	manatu
supposition	manatu
suppress	taofia
suppression	tapunia
supremacy	supavaisa
supreme	sili
supremely	sili atu
surcharge	tau faaopoopo
sure	mautinoa
surety	faʻamaoni
surf	galulolo
surface	luga
surfboard	laupapa
surfer	togi
surge	vaʻaia
surgeon	fomai tipitipi
surgery	taotoga
surgical	taotoga
surly	luga
surmise	masini
surname	igoa ole igoa
surpassing	sili atu
surplus	tupe faasili
surprise	faateia
surprised	ofo
surprises	mea faateʻia
surprising	ofo
surprisingly	ofo
surreal	luga
surrender	toe faafoi
surrendering	tuʻuina atu
surrogate	togi
surround	siosiomia
surrounding	siosiomia
surroundings	siosiomaga
surveillance	mataʻituina
survey	suʻesuʻega
surveying	siaki
surveyor	fuafanua
survival	ola
survive	ola
surviving	ola pea
survivor	tagata ola
susceptibility	faʻafitauli
susceptible	faʻafitauli
sushi	sushi
suspect	masalosalo
suspected	masalomia
suspend	taofi le tumau
suspended	taofia lē tumau
suspenders	tagata faʻapitoa
suspense	masalosalo
suspension	faʻamalolo
suspicion	masalosalo
suspicions	masalosaloga
suspicious	masalosalo
sustain	lagolagoina
sustained	lagolagoina
sustenance	meaʻai
suture	suture
suv	suv
sux	NO TRANSLATION
swab	swab
swag	swag
swagger	swagger
swallow	foloina
swami	swami
swamp	aau
swamped	fafati
swampy	aau
swan	swan
swank	swank
swap	swap
swarm	sosolo
swarming	sosolo
swastika	swastika
swat	fesuiaʻi
sway	sisi
swear	tauto
swearing	tauto
sweat	afu
sweater	ofu mafanafana
sweating	sosolo
sweatshirt	suti
sweatshop	uila
sweaty	afu
sweep	salu
sweeper	salu
sweeping	salu
sweet	suamalie
sweeten	suamalie
sweetened	suamalie
sweetener	suamalie
sweetest	sili ona manaia
sweetheart	manamea
sweetie	suamalie
sweetness	suamalie
sweets	sweets
swell	fuga
swelling	fulafula
sweltering	sweltering
swerve	sui
swift	vave
swiftly	vave
swig	fuga
swill	telefoni
swim	aau
swimmer	aau aau
swimming	aau
swimsuit	aau
swindle	faasee
swindler	fesuiaʻi
swine	puaa
swing	fesuiaʻi
swinger	swinger
swinging	faasee
swipe	swipe
swirl	faʻanoanoa
swish	swish
switch	fesuiaiga
switchblade	fesuiaiga
switchboard	laupapa
swivel	soʻo
swollen	fufula
swoon	sopo
swoop	supa
sword	pelu
swordfish	pelu
swordplay	pelu
swordsman	tagata faʻatau
sycamore	sycamore
syllable	syllable
syllabus	syllabus
symbiotic	faailoga
symbol	faailoga
symbolic	faatusa
symbolically	faatusa
symbolism	faailoga
symbolize	faatusa
symmetric	foliga tutusa
symmetrical	tutusa
symmetry	foliga tutusa
sympathetic	alofagia
sympathize	alofagia
sympathy	lagona alofa
symphonic	symphonic
symphony	faʻalogo
symposium	faʻasalalauga
symptom	uiga
symptomatic	faailoga
synagogue	sunako
synapse	synapse
synaptic	synaptic
sync	sync
synchronize	faʻafetaui
synchronous	felagolagomaʻi
syncope	syncope
syndicate	faʻatasi
syndrome	maʻi
synergistic	synergistic
synergy	synergy
synod	synod
synonym	synonym
synonymous	tutusa
synopsis	otootoga
synoptic	synoptic
syntax	syntax
synthesis	sifi
synthesizer	synthesizer
synthetic	gaosia
syphilis	syphilis
syringe	tui
syrup	syrup
system	faiga
systematic	faʻatulagaina
systematically	faʻapitoa
t-shirt	t-mitiafu
tab	tab
tabasco	tabasco
tabby	mautinoa
tabernacle	tapeneko
table	laulau
tableau	NO TRANSLATION
tablecloth	ie laulau
tablespoon	sipuni tele
tablet	papa
tableware	laulau
tabloid	tabloid
taboo	taboo
tabular	faʻamau
tabulate	faʻamaonia
tabulation	faʻamatalaga
tachometer	tachometer
tacit	tacit
tack	tack
tackle	toso
tackled	osofaia
tackling	osofaia
tacky	tacky
taco	taco
tact	togafiti
tactful	atamai
tactic	togafiti
tactical	maaleale
tactics	auala
tactile	mataʻutia
tad	NO TRANSLATION
tadpole	tadpole
taffeta	taffeta
taffy	taffy
tag	tag
tail	siʻuʻu
tailed	faʻatonutonuina
tailgate	laina
tailings	tosoina
taillight	faʻalelei
tailor	faʻatonutonu
tailoring	faʻatatau
tailpipe	tailpipe
taint	taʻavale
take	ave
takeoff	aveese mai
takeout	ave ese
takeover	sui tulaga
taker	taʻavale
talcum	taleni
tale	tala
talent	taleni
talented	taleni
talisman	talisman
talk	talanoa
talkative	talanoa
talker	tagata tautala
tall	umi
tallies	umi
tallow	taliga
tally	Tally
talon	tolo
talons	NO TRANSLATION
tambourine	toluse
tame	NO TRANSLATION
tamer	tamamea
taming	faʻamalosi
tamper	faʻamalolo
tampon	tampon
tan	tan
tandem	aogā
tang	tang
tangent	tanu
tangerine	tangerine
tangible	tino
tangle	tafaʻi
tangled	faanatinati
tango	tango
tank	tane
tank top	fagu luga
tanker	vaʻavaʻa
tanned	tanned
tantalizing	faʻamaonia
tantamount	tutusa
tantrum	ita
taoism	taoʻaga
tap	tap
tape	lipine
tape measure	lipine fua
taper	taper
tapering	tapering
tapestry	tapuni
tapeworm	lipine mata
tapioca	tapioca
taps	taps
tar	ta
tarantula	tarantula
tardiness	tuai
tardy	tuai
target	taulaʻi
targeted	tulimatai
targeting	tulimatai
tariff	faasologa o tiute
tarmac	tarmac
tarnish	tarnish
tarot	talotiti
tarp	NO TRANSLATION
tarry	tuai
tart	tart
tartan	tartan
tartar	tartar
task	galuega
tassel	au
taste	tofo
tasteful	tofo
tasteless	leai se mea
tasting	tofo
tasty	fiafia
tat	tat
tattler	tattler
tattletale	tattletale
tattoo	peʻa
taught	aoao atu
taunt	taufaaleaga
taupe	taupe
taut	tautua
tavern	tavern
tawdry	toso
tawny	tawny
tax	lafoga
taxed	lafoga
taxi	taxi
taxicab	lafoga
taxonomy	lafoga
taxpayer	tagata fai lafoga
tea	lauti
teach	aʻoaʻo
teacher	faiaoga
teaching	aʻoaʻoga
teacup	teacup
teahouse	tea
teal	leal
team	au
teamjesus	NO TRANSLATION
teammate	au uo
teamwork	galulue faatasi
teapot	taapot
tear	loimata
tearful	loimata
tearsofjoy	NO TRANSLATION
teary	teary
tease	tamaʻitaʻi
teaser	teaser
teasing	taufaalili
teaspoon	teaspoon
teat	leat
teatime	taatime
tech	tekinolosi
technical	tekinolosi
technicality	tomai
technician	tekinisia
technique	metotia
techno	tekinolosi
technological	tekinolosi
technology	tekonolosi
ted	Ted
teddy bear	teli pea
tedious	mataʻutia
tedium	tedium
tee	tee
teeming	teu
teen	talavou
teenage	talavou
teenager	talavou
teens	talavou
teensy	talavou
teeny	talavou
teeth	nifo
teething	leething
teflon	Teflon
telegram	telefoni
telegraph	telefoni
telekinesis	telefoni
telemetry	telefoni
telepathic	Telepathic
telepathy	telepathy
telephone	telefoni
telescope	telescope
telescopic	telescopic
telethon	teleton
teletype	teletupe
televised	televised
television	televise
tell	taʻu
teller	au
telling	tala
telltale	tala
temp	temp
temper	ita
tempera	fua
temperament	uiga masani
temperamental	uiga masani
temperance	le gaoia
temperate	taugofie
temperature	vevela
tempered	faʻafefe
tempest	afā
template	ata
temple	malumalu
tempo	NO TRANSLATION
temporal	faaletino
temporarily	mo sina taimi
temporary	lē tumau
tempt	faaosooso
temptation	faaosoosoga
tempting	faaosooso
temptress	faaosooso
ten	sefulu
tenable	faʻamalosi
tenacious	faʻamalosi
tenacity	faʻamalosi
tenancy	nofoia
tenant	tagata nofoia
tend	taugofie
tendency	naunauga
tender	vaivai
tenderfoot	uila
tenderness	agavaivai
tending	tausiga
tendon	tendon
tenement	tenement
tenet	tenet
tenets	pepa
tenfold	faasefulu
tennis	tenisi
tenor	tenor
tense	tens
tensile	faletupe
tension	popolega
tent	faleʻie
tentacle	faʻailoga
tentative	taumafaiga
tenth	tulaga sefulu
tenths	sefulu vae
tenuous	mataga
tenure	nofo
tepee	lepela
tepid	lepid
tequila	Tequila
teriyaki	teriyaki
term	taimi
terminal	faʻaiʻuga
terminate	muta
termination	faʻaiʻuga
terminator	tagata faʻamavae
terminology	faaupuga
terminus	ua maeʻa
termite	vaitaimi
terms	fuaitau
tern	tern
ternary	ternary
terrace	terrace
terrain	fanua
terrestrial	terrestrial
terrible	mataʻutia
terribly	tele
terrier	terrier
terrific	mataʻutia
terrified	fefe
terrifies	fefefe
terrify	fefefe
terrifying	mataʻu
territorial	teritori
territory	teritori
terror	fefe
terrorism	faiga faatupu faalavelave
terrorist	tagata faatupu faalavelave
terrorists	tagata faatupu faalavelave
terrorize	fefefe
terse	tala
tertiary	aoga maualuga
test	suega
testament	molimau
testicle	suʻesuʻega
testicular	testicular
testify	molimau
testimonial	molimau
testimony	molimau
testosterone	testosterone
testy	NO TRANSLATION
tetanus	tetanus
tether	tether
tethered	tosoina
tetrahedral	tetrahedral
text	tusiga
textbook	tusi aoga
textile	textile
textural	textural
texture	ituaiga
tgif	tgif
thank	faafetai
thankful	faafetai
thankgod	faafetai
thanking	faʻafetai
thankless	faafetai
thanks	fa'afetai
thanksalot	NO TRANSLATION
thanksgiving	faafetai
thankyougod	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoujesus	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoulord	NO TRANSLATION
thatch	lena
thatmoment	NO TRANSLATION
thaumaturgy	talatala
thaw	malulu
theater	fale faafiafia
theatrical	tafaoga
theatrics	mataitusi
thebest	o le sili lava
theft	gaoi
theism	talitonuga
theistic	Theist
thelife	le ola
thelittlethings	NO TRANSLATION
theme	autu
theocracy	leocracy
theocratic	aʻoga
theologian	leologian
theological	aʻoaʻoga faʻalelotu
theology	aʻoaʻoga
theorem	aʻoaʻoga
theoretical	faʻamatalaga
theory	aʻoaʻoga
therapeutic	togafiti
therapeutics	togafitiga
therapist	fomaʻi
therapy	togafitiga
thereabouts	o loʻo i ai
thereof	o ia mea
therewith	i ai
thermal	vevela
thermocouple	thermocouple
thermodynamics	faʻamafanafana
thermometer	thermometer
thermos	vevela
thermostat	telefoni
thesaurus	lesaurus
thesis	suʻesuʻega
thick	mafiafia
thicken	mafiafia
thickening	mafiafia
thicket	vao
thickness	mafiafia
thief	gaoi
thigh	ogavae
thimble	tala faʻatatau
thin	mimiti
thing	mea
things	mea
thingy	mea mea
think	mafaufau
thinker	mafaufau
thinking	mafaufau
third	tulaga tolu
thirds	lona tolu
thirst	fiainu
thirsty	fiainu
thirteen	sefulu ma le tolu
thirteenth	tulaga sefulu ma le tolu
thirty	tolu sefulu
thistle	vao tuitui
thither	iina
thong	laina
thorn	talatala
thorny	tuitui
thorough	maeʻa
thoroughbred	lapisi
thoroughfare	auala lautele
thought	manatu
thoughtful	mafaufau loloto
thoughtfulness	mafaufauga
thoughtless	leai se mafaufau
thoughts	mafaufauga
thousand	afe
thrash	tuʻituʻi
thread	filo
threat	taufaamatau
threaten	taufaamatau
threatened	faamataʻuina
threatening	taufaamatau
three	tolu
threefold	tolu
threesome	tolu
thresh	solo
threshold	paepae
thrice	tolu
thrift	taugofie
thrifty	taugofie
thrill	fiafia
thrilled	fiafia
thriller	tagata faʻatau
thrilling	fiafia
thrive	manuia
thriving	ola manuia
throat	gutu
throb	togi
throbbing	togi
throes	togi
throne	nofoalii
throng	toatele
throttle	togi
throw	togi
throwback	togi
thrower	toso
thrown	lafo
thrush	vevela
thrust	lafo
thruster	gaogao
thud	tolu
thug	uʻu
thumb	limamatua
thumbprint	limamatua
thump	solo
thumper	gaugau
thumping	osofaʻi
thunder	faititili
thunderbolt	faititili
thunderclap	faititili
thundering	faititili
thunderstorm	faititili o le faititili
thunderstruck	faititili
thwart	faʻailoga
thx	f
thyme	laume
thyroid	uila
tiara	tiara
tibia	tibia
tic	tic
tick	siaki
ticked	tisa
ticker	togi
ticket	tiketi
tickle	logoleleia
tickled	siaki
ticklish	faʻailoa
tidal	faʻafefe
tidal wave	galulolo
tidbit	tidbit
tide	tide
tidings	tala
tidy	faʻamaʻa
tie	fusiua
tier	tolu
tiff	tiff
tiger	tiger
tighten	faʻamalosi
tightness	faʻamalosi
tightrope	fufusi
tights	tights
tilde	tilde
tile	tile
tiling	tala
till	NO TRANSLATION
tillage	gaosi
tiller	tagata faʻatau
tilt	faʻasolo
tilting	sulu
timber	laupapa
timberland	timberland
timbre	timimi
time	taimi
timeless	leai se taimi
timeliness	taimi
timely	taimi talafeagai
timeout	uma le taimi
timepiece	taimi mataʻutia
timer	taimi
times	taimi
timetable	taimi faatulagaina
timewasters	NO TRANSLATION
timid	fefe
timidity	valea
timing	taimi
tin	NO TRANSLATION
tincture	tinomi
tine	NO TRANSLATION
tinfoil	tinfoil
tinge	tinge
tingle	tingle
tingling	tingling
tinker	tinker
tinkering	tinkering
tinkle	NO TRANSLATION
tinkling	tinkling
tinnitus	tinisitus
tinsel	tinsel
tint	lanu
tiny	itiiti
tip	tipiga
tipper	toso
tipster	fofo
tipsy	fautuaga
tiptoe	tipotee
tirade	taimi
tire	paʻu
tired	vaivai
tiredness	vaivai
tiredofit	NO TRANSLATION
tireless	vaivai
tiresome	faʻamalosi
tiring	vaivai
tissue	tisino
tistheseason	NO TRANSLATION
tit	titene
titan	titan
titanic	titanic
titanium	apa
tithe	sefuluai
title	suafa
titled	faaulutalaina
titty	titty
titular	NO TRANSLATION
toad	toad
toast	toso
toaster	faoa mea
toasty	toga
tobacco	tapaa
toby	toby
tod	tol
today	i aso nei
toddler	tamaititi
toe	toevae
toenail	toilalo
toffee	toffee
tofu	tofu
toga	NO TRANSLATION
together	faatasi
togetherness	faʻatasi
toil	galue
toilet	faletaele
toils	aʻafiaga
token	faailoga
tolerable	avanoa
tolerance	faapalepale
tolerant	faapalepale
tolerate	faapalepale
toleration	faapalepale
toll	aʻafiaga
tomahawk	tomahawk
tomato	tamato
tomatoes	tamato
tomb	tuugamau
tombstone	tuugamau
tomcat	tomcat
tome	mo a'u
tomorrow	taeao
ton	NO TRANSLATION
tone	leo
toner	toner
tong	NO TRANSLATION
tongs	kopa
tongue	gagana
tonic	tonic
tonnage	tone
tonsils	tonesils
toocold	NO TRANSLATION
tool	meafaigaluega
toolbox	meafaigaluega
tooling	meafaigaluega
toomuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
toot	matua
tooth	nifo
toothache	tootai
toothbrush	pulumu fulunifo
toothed	toothed
toothless	toʻamea
toothpaste	toothpaste
toothpick	toothpick
toots	toots
top	luga
topaz	topaz
topic	autu
topical	autu
topless	pito i luga
topographic	topography
topographical	topographical
topography	topography
topple	toso
topside	pito i luga
tor	f
torch	sulu
torment	mafatiaga
tormented	mafatia
torn	solo
tornado	asiosio
torpedo	toso
torque	faʻailoga
torrent	vaitafe
torrid	faasee
torsion	sosolo
torso	sulu
tort	leaga
tortious	leaga
tortoise	laumei
tortuous	leaga
torture	faʻaleagaina
tortured	faʻasalaga
toss	togi
tot	NO TRANSLATION
total	aofaʻi
totality	atoa
totally	atoatoa
tote	tote
totem	totem
touch	paʻi
touchdown	paʻu
touched	paʻia
touching	paʻi
touchy	afaina
tough	faigata
toughen	toso
toughness	faigata
toupee	tapee
tour	tafaoga
tourism	tagata tafafao
tourist	tagata tafafao maimoa
tourmaline	tourmaline
tournament	tauvaga
tourniquet	tafaoga
tout	NO TRANSLATION
tow	toso
towel	solo
tower	olo
towering	maualuga
town	taulaga
townhouse	faletalimalo
township	faletalimalo
townspeople	aai
toxic	toʻila
toxicity	toʻilalo
toxicology	toxicology
toxin	toxin
toy	meataalo
toymaker	tagata tumaʻi
trace	faʻasologa
traceable	siakiina
tracer	faʻailoa
traces	auala
trachea	faʻailoga
tracing	siaki
track	auala
tracker	tracker
tract	tufuga
tractable	tufuga
traction	toso
tractor	taʻavale
trade	fefaatauaiga
trademark	faailoga faʻatau
trader	faioloa
tradesman	tagata faʻatau oloa
trading	fefaatauaiga
tradition	tu masani
traditional	tu masani
traffic	feoaiga
traffic light	fefaatauaiga
trafficking	fefaatauaiga
tragedies	mala
tragedy	mala
tragic	mala
trail	auala
trailer	taʻavale
train	nofoaafi
train set	nofoaafi seti
trained	toleni
trainee	tagata aʻoʻoga
trainer	faiaoga
training	aʻoaʻoga
trait	uiga
traitor	tagata faʻatau
traitorous	faʻamaʻi
trajectory	ala
tram	tram
tramp	taʻavale
trample	solia
trampoline	taʻavale
tramway	tramway
trance	tifaga
tranquil	filemu
tranquility	filemu
tranquilizer	toʻafilemu
transact	fefaʻatauaʻi
transaction	fefaʻatauaiga
transatlantic	transatlantic
transceiver	faʻasalalauga
transcend	agai i luga
transcendence	maualuga
transcendent	sili atu
transcendental	suauu
transcribe	tusitusi
transcriber	tagata faʻasalalau
transcript	tusitusiga
transcription	tusitusiga
transfer	fesiitaiga
transference	felauaiga
transferred	fesiitai
transfixed	faʻasolosolo
transform	suiga
transformation	suiga
transformer	faila
transfusion	felauaiga
transgression	solitulafono
transient	lē tumau
transistor	sopo
transit	felauaiga
transition	suiga
transitional	suiga
transitive	faʻaliliuga
transitory	femalagaaʻi
translate	faaliliu
translation	faaliliuga
translator	faaliliuupu
translocation	felauaiga
translucent	sulufaʻi
transmission	faasalalauga
transmit	faasalalau
transmitter	transmitter
transmutation	faaliliuga
transom	transom
transparency	manino
transparent	manino
transplant	totoina
transplantation	totoina
transponder	transponder
transport	felauaiga
transportation	felauaiga
transporter	felauaiga
transpose	faasee
transposition	transposition
transsexual	feusuaʻiga
transverse	feaveaʻi
transvestite	fesuiaʻiga
trap	mailei
trapdoor	lapisi
trapeze	faʻasolosolo
trapped	afaina
trapper	faʻatau
trapping	faʻasologa
trappings	ata
traps	mailei
trash	lapisi
trashy	lapisi
trauma	tiga
traumatic	faʻalavelave
travail	NO TRANSLATION
travel	malaga
traveler	tagata malaga
traveling	faimalaga
traverse	feʻaveaʻi
travesty	taufaasese
trawl	lapisi
trawler	taʻavale
tray	fata
treacherous	taufaaleaga
treachery	fouvale
tread	savali
treadmill	lapisi
treason	fouvale
treasure	oa
treasured	peleina
treasurer	teutupe
treasures	oa
treasury	fale teu oloa
treat	togafiti
treatable	mafai ona mafai
treatise	fefaʻatauaʻiga
treatment	togafitiga
treaty	feagaiga
treble	taʻavale
tree	laau
trees	laau
trek	malaga
trellis	taʻavale
tremble	gatete
trembling	gatete
tremendous	tele
tremendously	tele
tremor	gatete
trench	fao
trend	masani
trending	faʻaauau
trendy	teuteu
trepidation	tigā
trespass	solitulafono
triad	tolu
triage	talo
trial	faamasinoga
triangle	tafatolu
triangular	tafatolu
triangulate	tafatafa
triathlon	tolu
tribal	ituaiga
tribe	ituaiga
tribulation	puapuaga
tribunal	faamasinoga
tribune	togi
tributary	faʻaaloalo
tribute	faʻaaloalo
trick	togafiti
trickery	togafiti
trickle	toso
trickster	taufaasese
tricky	taufaasese
tricycle	tricycle
trident	taʻavale
trifle	le faʻatauvaʻa
trifling	taufaaleaga
trig	faʻavae
trigger	faʻaosoina
trigonometry	pisapisao
trillion	tailua
trilogy	trilogy
trim	lapisi
trimester	tolu tausaga
trimmer	trimmer
trimming	teuteu
trine	siaki
trinity	tolutasi
trinket	trinket
trio	tolu
trip	malaga
tripartite	tripartite
tripe	trip
triple	tolu tolu
triplet	triplet
triplicate	tolu
tripod	malaga
tripping	osofaʻi
trite	mea taua
tritium	tritium
triumph	manumalo
triumphant	manumalo
trivia	toʻilalo
trivial	leai se taua
troll	toso
trolley	uila
trombone	trombone
troop	fitafita
trooper	osofaʻi
troops	fitafita
trophy	togi
tropic	tropic
tropical	vevela
tropics	vailaʻau
trot	toso
trouble	faafitauli
troubled	popole
troublemaker	faalavelave
troubles	faafitauli
troublesome	faʻalavelave
trough	lapisi
troupe	auupega
trousers	pusa
trout	toso
trowel	trowel
truce	moni
truck	loli
trucker	loli
truckload	loli uta
truculent	loli
true	TRUE
truelove	alofa moni
truffle	loli
truism	moni
trump	pu
trumpet	pu
trumpeter	leo pu
truncate	tulu
truncated	faʻamaonia
trundle	faʻailoga
trunk	ogalaau
truss	faʻailoga
trust	faʻalagolago
trustee	tausi mavaega
trusting	talitonuina
trustworthy	faatuatuaina
trusty	talitonuina
truth	upu moni
truthful	moni
truthfulness	moni
try	taumafai
tryout	totogi
tryouts	tryouts
tsunami	tsunami
tub	afu
tuba	salamo
tubby	faʻailoga
tube	gaʻo
tuberculosis	tuberculosis
tubing	tui
tubular	pulupulu
tubule	tui
tuck	tu
tucker	tucker
tuesday	Aso Lua
tufted	tufuga
tug	tug
tugboat	vaʻavaʻa
tuition	aʻoga
tulip	tulip
tumble	pa'ū
tumbler	NO TRANSLATION
tumbleweed	ua pa'ū
tummy	tumutumu
tumor	tumo
tumour	tumo
tumult	vevesi
tumultuous	vevesi
tun	NO TRANSLATION
tuna	tuna
tunable	faʻailoa
tune	pese
tunic	pese
tuning	faʻalogo
tunnel	alavai
turban	pulou
turbidity	turbidity
turbine	uila
turbo	turbo
turbulence	faʻalavelave
turbulent	vevesi
turd	solo
turf	turf
turkey	Turkey
turmeric	turmeric
turmoil	faʻalavelave
turn	liliu
turnaround	liliu
turned	liliu
turning	liliu
turnip	fulipipi
turnkey	kesi
turnoff	NO TRANSLATION
turnout	alu ane
turnover	tupe maua
turnpike	liliu
turntable	sosolo
turpentine	fafie
turquoise	turquoise
turret	mataʻutia
turtle	laumei
turtleneck	laumei
tussle	tussle
tutelage	tutelage
tutor	faiaoga
tutoring	aʻoaʻoga
tutu	tutu
tux	tux
tuxedo	tuxedo
tv	tv
twain	lua
twat	Twat
twats	lua
tweak	tweak
tweed	Tweed
tweet	tweet
tweezers	tweezers
twelfth	tulaga sefulu ma le lua
twelve	sefulu ma le lua
twentieth	tulaga lua sefulu
twenty	lua sefulu
twerp	toso
twig	lala
twilight	pogisa
twill	Twill
twin	masaga
twine	twine
twinge	faalua
twinkle	moli
twins	masaga
twirl	faʻanoanoa
twist	mimilo
twisted	faasee
twister	faʻamalosi
twit	twit
twitch	moli
twitching	felaʻiaʻi
twitchy	faʻanoanoa
two	lua
two step	lua laasaga
twofaced	NO TRANSLATION
twofold	faalua
twosome	twosome
tycoon	tycoon
tyke	faʻasologa
type	ituaiga
typewriter	tusitusi tusitusi
typhoid	typhoid
typhoon	afa
typical	masani
typically	masani
typist	tagata faʻatau
typo	typo
typography	faʻamaufaʻailoga
tyrannical	amio pulea
tyranny	pule sauā
tyrant	ita
tyre	paʻu
ubiquitous	faʻailoga
ubiquity	faʻatauvaʻa
ugliness	leaga
ugly	mataga
uhoh	NO TRANSLATION
ukulele	ukulele
ulcer	maʻi maʻi
ulterior	ulumatua
ultimate	mulimuli
ultimately	mulimuli ane
ultimatum	mulimuli
ultimo	NO TRANSLATION
ultrasound	ultrasound
ultraviolet	ultraviolet
umbilical	umbilical
umbra	umbra
umbrella	faamalu
umpire	mea leaga
umpteen	umpteen
unabashed	faʻanofo
unabated	leai se tasi
unable	le mafai
unacceptable	le taliaina
unaccompanied	lē faʻatasi
unaccountable	le mafai ona iloa
unaccounted	le iloa
unacknowledged	le amanaiaina
unadulterated	e leʻi faʻaaogaina
unaffected	leai se afaina
unafraid	leai se fefe
unaided	leai se tasi
unaltered	e leʻi faʻaaogaina
unambiguous	e le mafaamatalaina
unanimity	autasi
unanimous	autasi
unanimously	autasi
unannounced	e leʻi faʻaalia
unanswered	le taliina
unanticipated	e leʻi mafaufauina
unappreciated	le talisapaiaina
unapproved	lē taliaina
unarmed	leai se togafitiga
unassisted	leai se fesoasoani
unassuming	faʻaletonu
unattached	leai se tasi
unattainable	e le mafai ona maua
unattended	leai se faʻamoemoe
unattractive	lē fiafia
unauthorized	e leʻi faʻatagaina
unavailable	leai
unavoidable	le maalofia
unaware	le iloa
unbalanced	le le atoatoa
unbearable	lē mafai ona faʻafitia
unbeatable	lē mafai ona faʻafetaia
unbeaten	lē faʻaleagaina
unbecoming	leai se mea
unbelief	le talitonu
unbelievable	le talitonuina
unbiased	lē faʻaaloalo
unborn	leʻi fananau mai
unbound	lē faʻalagolago
unbounded	lē faʻalagolago
unbreakable	lē faʻamaʻapeina
unbridled	le faʻamaonia
unbroken	le motusia
unbutton	leai se mea
uncalled	leai se faʻasologa
uncanny	faʻailoga
uncaring	leai se totogi
uncensured	NO TRANSLATION
uncertain	le mautinoa
uncertainty	le mautinoa
unchallenged	lē faʻamaonia
unchangeable	e le masuia
unchanged	e le suia
uncharted	leai se totogi
uncherished	NO TRANSLATION
uncivilized	lē faʻaleagaina
unclaimed	e leʻi taʻua
uncle	tuagane o le tina
unclean	le mama
unclear	le manino
uncomfortable	le toʻa
uncommon	le masani
uncommonly	le masani ai
uncomplicated	faigata
uncompromising	lē faʻamalosia
unconcerned	leai se popole
unconditional	e aunoa ma se faʻaaloalo
unconfirmed	le faʻamaonia
unconnected	leai se fesoʻotaʻiga
unconscionable	e le mafai ona faʻatau
unconscious	le iloa
unconsciousness	le iloa
unconstitutional	le faʻaleagaina
unconstrained	lē faʻasalaina
uncontested	lē faʻaleagaina
uncontrollable	lē mafai ona faʻalogo
uncontrolled	lē pulea
unconventional	leai se mea e tasi
unconvinced	le le talitonu
unconvincing	le le mautonu
uncooked	lē faʻamaonia
uncooperative	le faʻaogaina
uncorrelated	e leʻi faʻaaogaina
uncouth	leai se aoga
uncover	tatala
uncritical	leai se tino
uncut	leai
undead	faʻapipiʻi
undecided	leai se isi
undefeated	lē faʻafefe
undefined	le faʻamaonia
undeniable	e le mafai ona faʻafitia
underage	leai se mea
underbelly	lalo ifo
undercover	ufiufi
undercurrent	lē faʻamalosi
underdog	lalo ifo
underestimate	le manatu faatauvaa
undergo	inu
undergraduate	tamaititi aoga
underground	lalo o lalo
underhanded	tusitusi
underlay	faʻapipiʻi
underlie	lalo ifo
underline	vase lalo
underlying	autu
undermine	faʻaleagaina
undermined	faʻaleagaina
underneath	lalo ifo
underpaid	lalo ifo
underpants	le mautonu
underprivileged	lē faʻaumatia
underrated	faʻamaonia
underscore	faamamafa
undersea	lalo ifo
undersecretary	undersecretary
undersized	le faʻamalosia
understaffed	le faʻamalosia
understand	malamalama
understandable	malamalama
understanding	malamalama
understatement	faʻamatalaga
understood	malamalama
understudy	lalo ifo
undertake	faia
undertaker	tagata fai
undertaking	faia
undertow	lalo ifo
underwear	ofuvae
underwood	lalo ifo
underworld	lalolagi
underwrite	lalo ifo
underwriter	tusitala
undeserved	maua mai
undesirable	lē manaʻomia
undesired	lē manaʻo
undetectable	e le mafaamatalaina
undetected	leai se mea
undetermined	leai se faʻamasinoga
undeveloped	lē faʻapitoa
undignified	le amanaia
undirected	faʻaaogaina
undisclosed	leai se faʻamatalaga
undiscovered	leʻi maua
undisputed	leai se igoa
undisturbed	leai se faʻalavelave
undivided	lē vavaeeseina
undo	faʻalelei
undoing	faʻafoʻi
undoubted	leai se masalosalo
undress	faʻanoanoa
undressed	faʻanoanoa
undue	leai
undying	leai
unearned	lē faʻailoaina
unearth	maʻi
uneasiness	le mautonu
uneasy	popole
uneducated	lē aʻoaʻoina
unemployed	leai se galuega
unemployment	leai se galuega
unencumbered	leai se totogi
unending	e le uma
unequal	le tutusa
unequalled	leai se mea
unequivocal	leai se mea
unequivocally	leai se mea
unethical	leai se uiga
uneven	leai se mea
uneventful	leai se mea
unexpected	faʻafuaseʻi
unexpectedly	faʻafuaseʻi
unexplainable	le mafaamatalaina
unexplained	leai se faʻamatalaga
unexplored	leai se tala
unfailing	leai
unfair	le saʻo
unfairness	le fetaui
unfaithful	lē faʻamaoni
unfamiliar	le masani
unfavorable	leaga
unfeeling	le faʻafefe
unfettered	leai se mea
unfinished	e leʻi maeʻa
unfit	le talafeagai
unflinching	faʻaauau
unfold	tatala
unfollow	le faʻagasolo
unforeseen	e leʻi mafaufauina
unforgettable	le galo
unforgivable	lē faʻamagaloina
unforgiving	lē faamagalo
unfortunate	lē fiafia
unfortunately	le leaga
unfounded	le faʻamaonia
unfreeze	faʻalauiloa
unfriendly	le fiafia
unfulfilled	e leʻi maeʻa
unfurnished	leai se mea
unglued	e leʻi faʻaaogaina
ungodly	le amioatua
ungrateful	lē faʻafetai
unguarded	le puipuia
unhand	NO TRANSLATION
unhappiness	le fiafia
unhappy	le fiafia
unharmed	leai se afaina
unhealthy	le lelei
unheard	le faʻalogo
unhelpful	leai se fesoasoani
unhindered	leai se faalavelave
unholy	lē paia
unhook	leai se tasi
unicorn	laʻau
unidentified	leai se tasi
unification	faʻatasi
unified	lotogatasi
uniform	toniga
uniformed	lalagaina
uniformity	laugatasia
uniformly	tutusa
unimaginable	e le mafaamatalaina
unimpeachable	e le mafaamatalaina
unimpeached	leai se tasi
unimportant	le taua
unimpressed	lē faʻamaonia
unimproved	e leʻi faʻaaogaina
uninfected	leai se afaina
uninformed	lē iloa
uninhabited	leai se aiga
uninitiated	lē faʻamaonia
uninspired	lē musuia
unintelligible	lē malamalama
unintended	e leʻi faʻalagolago
unintentional	le iloa
unintentionally	ma le le iloa
uninterested	lē fiafia
uninteresting	lē fiafia
uninterrupted	leai se faalavelaveina
uninvited	lē faʻafeiloai
union	faʻatasi
unique	tulaga ese
unisex	leai se tasi
unison	tasi
unit	iunite
unitary	tasi
unite	loto gatasi
united	lotogatasi
unity	lotogatasi
universal	lautele
universality	tagata lautele
universe	atulaulau
university	iunivesite
unjust	amioletonu
unjustifiable	le faʻamaoni
unjustified	le faʻamaoni
unkind	agaleaga
unknowable	le mafaamatalaina
unknown	le iloa
unlawful	lē tusa ai ma le tulafono
unleash	tatala
unlicensed	leai se laisene
unlike	e le pei
unlikely	leai
unlimited	leai se tapulaa
unlisted	leai se lisi
unload	lafoaʻi
unloaded	lokaina
unlock	tatala
unlucky	le mautonu
unmanageable	lē faʻatonutonuina
unmanned	leai se tasi
unmarked	le amanaiaina
unmarried	e leʻi faaipoipo
unmask	unmask
unmatched	le fetaui
unmistakable	e le mafaaseseina
unmitigated	e leʻi faʻaaogaina
unmoved	leai se tasi
unnamed	le igoa
unnatural	le masani ai
unnecessary	leai se aoga
unneeded	lē faʻaleagaina
unnoticed	le iloa
unnumbered	leai se numera
unobserved	le amanaiaina
unobstructed	e leʻi faʻaleagaina
unobtrusive	e le faʻamaonia
unoccupied	leai se nofo
unofficial	lē aloaia
unopened	le tatalaina
unopposed	lē tatalaina
unordered	le saʻo
unorganised	lē faʻaopoopoina
unorganized	lē faʻaopoopoina
unorthodox	lē faʻamaoni
unpack	leai
unpaid	lē totogia
unparalleled	e le faʻaalia
unpleasant	lē fiafia
unpleasantness	lē fiafia
unplug	toso
unplugged	faʻapipiʻi
unpopular	lē lauiloa
unprecedented	muamua
unpredictable	le mautonu
unprepared	leʻi saunia
unpretentious	faʻapitoa
unproductive	lē fua mai
unprofessional	leai se aoga
unprofitable	leai se aoga
unprotected	leai se puipuiga
unproven	lē faʻamaonia
unprovoked	leai se mea
unpublished	e lei faasalalauina
unpunished	leai se totogi
unqualified	le faʻatulagaina
unquestionable	e le fesiligia
unquestionably	e le fesiligia
unquestioned	e le fesiligia
unquote	leai se tasi
unravel	faʻamalamalama
unreachable	e le mafai ona faʻaaogaina
unread	le faitauina
unreal	le saʻo
unrealistic	le talafeagai
unreasonable	le talafeagai
unrecorded	e leʻi faʻamatalaina
unregistered	e le i faamauina
unregulated	unregulated
unrelated	e le fesootai
unrelenting	leai se faʻalavelave
unreliable	le mautinoa
unremarkable	e le mafaamatalaina
unrepentant	lē salamo
unrequited	e leʻi faʻaalia
unresolved	leʻi foia
unresponsive	leai se tali
unrest	faʻalavelave
unrestrained	lē faʻasaina
unrestricted	lē faʻamaonia
unromantic	leai se lagona
unruly	lē pulea
unsafe	saogalemu
unsanitary	le mama
unsatisfactory	lē faamalieina
unsatisfied	lē faamalieina
unsavory	le mautonu
unscathed	leai se mea
unscheduled	lē faʻasalalau
unscientific	feteenisi
unscrew	feeseeseaʻi
unscrupulous	e le saʻo
unseat	leai se mea
unseen	lē vaaia
unselfish	le manatu faapito
unsettled	le mautonu
unsightly	le mautinoa
unsolicited	e le faʻaalia
unsolved	leai se mea
unsophisticated	leai se atamai
unsound	leai se mea
unspeakable	e le mafaamatalaina
unspecified	e le o taʻua
unspoken	lē faʻalogo
unstable	le maluelue
unsteady	le faʻamalosi
unstoppable	e le mafai ona faʻafitia
unsuccessful	le manuia
unsuitable	le talafeagai
unsung	leai
unsupervised	le leoleoina
unsupported	le mautonu
unsure	le mautinoa
unsurpassed	e le mafaamatalaina
unsuspecting	leai se faʻamoemoe
unsustainable	lē mafai ona maua
unsweetened	le faʻailoaina
unsympathetic	le le fiafia
untamed	le tatalaina
untenable	lē mafai ona faʻasaina
untested	lē faʻamaonia
unthinkable	le masalosalo
untidy	leai se mea
untie	tatalaina
untimely	leai se mea
untitled	leai se igoa
untold	leai se tala
untouchable	e le mafai ona mafai
untouched	leai se mea
untoward	faʻalāpotopotoga
untraceable	lē mafaamatalaina
untrained	lē aʻoaʻoina
untranslated	le faʻamatalaina
untroubled	e le maluelue
untrue	lē moni
untrustworthy	le talitonuina
unturned	leai se faʻasalaga
unused	faʻaaogaina
unusual	tulaga ese
unusually	ese
unutterable	e le mafaamatalaina
unveil	tatala
unveiling	tatala
unverified	lē faʻamaonia
unwanted	le manaomia
unwarranted	lē faʻamaoni
unwary	le iloa
unwashed	leʻi faʻaumatia
unwavering	e le maluelue
unwed	leʻi faaipoipo
unwelcome	lē taliaina
unwell	maʻi
unwilling	le naunau
unwillingly	leai se mea
unwillingness	le naunau
unwind	faʻaumatia
unwise	valea
unwitting	le iloa
unwittingly	le iloa
unworthy	le mama
unwrap	tatala
unwritten	leʻi tusia
unyielding	le faʻamalosi
unzip	faʻavae
upbeat	upbeat
upbringing	tuputupu ae
upcoming	lumanaʻi
update	faʻafouina
upgrade	faʻaleleia
upheaval	osofaʻiga
uphill	luga
uphold	lagolagoina
upholstery	teuga
upkeep	tausiga
upland	upland
uplands	luga
uplift	siitia
uplifting	faagaeetia
uplink	laina
upload	lokaina
upper	pito i luga
uppercut	pito i luga
uppity	maualuga
upright	saʻo
uprising	osofaiga
uproar	vevesi
upscale	luga
upset	ita
upshot	i luga
upstairs	luga i luga
upstanding	tu
upstart	luga
uptight	luga
upward	agai i luga
upwards	agai i luga
uranium	uranium
urban	taulaga
urchin	urchin
urge	uunaia
urgency	faanatinati
urgent	faanatinati
urinal	urini
urinalysis	faʻataʻitaʻiga
urinate	urinate
urination	urination
urine	urine
urn	urn
usable	aoga
usage	faʻaaogaina
use	faʻaaoga
used	faʻaogaina
useful	aoga
usefully	faʻaaoga lelei
usefulness	aoga
useless	leai se aoga
user	tagata faʻaoga
usher	faʻaaoga
usual	masani
usurp	usurp
usurped	faoa
usury	tului
utensil	utini
uterus	tasi
utilitarian	faʻaaoga
utility	aoga
utilization	faʻaaoga
utilize	faaaoga
utmost	sili
utopian	utopian
utter	tuusaʻo
utterance	tautala
utterly	atoatoa
vacancy	avanoa
vacant	avanoa
vacate	avanoa
vacation	malologa
vaccination	tui
vaccine	tui
vacuolar	suavai
vacuole	vacuole
vacuous	vaivai
vacuum	masini
vagabond	vagabond
vagina	vaʻai
vaginal	vavalo
vagrancy	vine
vagrant	faʻamalosi
vague	vavao
vagueness	vavao
vainly	le aoga
valance	faʻailoga
vale	vale
valedictorian	vaʻavaʻa
valentine	valentine
valet	valet
valiant	totoa
valid	aoga
validate	faʻamaonia
validation	faʻamaonia
validity	faʻamaonia
valium	valium
valley	vanu
valor	NO TRANSLATION
valuable	taua
valuables	mea taua
valuation	tau fuafuaina
value	taua
valve	valve
vamoose	NO TRANSLATION
vamp	vamp
vampire	vampire
van	NO TRANSLATION
vandal	leaga
vandalism	faʻaleagaina
vane	vane
vanguard	i luma
vanilla	vanilla
vanish	mou
vanished	leai
vanishing	faʻaumatia
vanity	valea
vanquish	faʻanoanoa
vanquished	manumalo
vanquishing	faʻaumatia
vantage	vantage
vapor	vaʻa
vara	NO TRANSLATION
variable	fesuiaʻi
variance	feeseeseaiga
variation	fesuiaiga
variations	fesuiaiga
varicella	varicella
varicose	varicose
varied	eseese
variegated	suia
variety	ituaiga eseese
various	eseese
varmint	varmint
varnish	varnish
varsity	leaga
vary	eseese
varying	eseese
vascular	vascular
vase	fagu
vasectomy	vasectomy
vassal	vassal
vast	tele
vat	vat
vaudeville	vaudeville
vault	vailaau
vaulted	vili
vaulting	vaulting
veal	vela
vector	vete
veer	veve
vega	vega
vegan	vegan
vegetable	fualaau faisua
vegetarian	vegetarian
vegetarianism	vegetarianism
vegetation	vao
vegetative	vegetative
veggie	veggie
vehement	vevesi
vehicle	taavale
veil	veli
veiled	ufiufi
vein	vein
veined	ufiufi
vellum	velo
velocity	saoasaoa
velour	velor
velvet	vevele
velvety	faʻanoanoa
vena	vena
vendetta	tagata faʻatau
vending	faʻatau
vendor	tagata faʻatau
veneer	veneer
venerable	mamalu
veneration	faaaloalo
venereal	vevela
venetian	venetian
vengeance	tauimasui
vengeful	faʻasalaga
venison	venison
venom	venu
venomous	gaʻo
venous	vevela
vent	mata
ventilation	ventilation
ventilator	vaalele
venting	faʻailoa
ventricle	faletupe
ventricular	faletupe
ventriloquist	ventriloquist
venture	atinaʻe
venue	nofoaga
veracity	amio saʻo
veranda	faletupe
verb	veape
verbal	upu
verbatim	faʻamatalaga
verbiage	verbiage
verbose	verbose
verbosity	upu moni
verdant	lau
verdict	faaiuga
verge	mata
verification	faʻamaoniga
verified	faʻamaonia
verify	faʻamaonia
verily	ioe
veritable	moni lava
vermin	vermin
vermouth	vermouth
vernacular	vernacular
vernal	vernal
veronica	veronica
versatile	lautele
versatility	agavaʻa
verse	fuaiupu
version	lomiga
versus	faʻafeiloaʻi
vert	lanu
vertebra	vertebra
vertebral	vertebral
vertex	vertex
vertical	laina
vertically	i luga
vertigo	vertigo
verve	ioe
very negative	matua leaga
very positive	matua lelei
veryangry	NO TRANSLATION
vesicle	vailaʻau
vesicular	vesicular
vessel	vaa
vest	ofu
vested	tuʻuina
vestibule	fale
vestige	ofu
vet	vet
veteran	veteran
veterinarian	fomaʻi
veterinary	vailaʻau
veto	veto
vexed	ita
viability	le mafai
viable	e mafai
viaduct	siaki
vial	vili
vibe	vibe
vibes	vibes
vibrant	viia
vibrate	viia
vibration	vibration
vibrator	vibrator
vibratory	vibratory
vicar	vicar
vicarious	vicarious
vice	leaga
viceroy	sui pule
vicinity	nofoaga
vicious	mataʻutia
victim	tagata manua
victimized	ua afaina
victor	manumalo
victoria	victoria
victorious	manumalo
victory	manumalo
video	vitio
video game	taaloga vitio
videotape	ata vitio
vie	NO TRANSLATION
view	vaaiga
viewer	tagata matamata
viewing	matamata
viewpoint	manatu
vigil	mataala
vigilance	mataala
vigilant	mataala
vigilante	mataala
vignette	ata vali
vigor	malosi
vigorous	malosi
viking	viking
vile	leaga
villa	nuu
village	nuu
villager	tagata nuʻu
villain	tagata leaga
villainous	tagata leaga
vinaigrette	vinaigrette
vindicate	faʻamaonia
vindicated	faʻamaonia
vindication	faʻamaonia
vindictive	faʻamaonia
vine	vine
vinegar	vineta
vineyard	vine
vintage	vine
vinyl	vinyl
viola	viola
violate	solia
violation	solia
violence	osofaiga
violent	vevesi
violently	ma le sauā
violet	violē
violin	violini
violinist	violinika
viper	viper
viral	viral
virgin	taupou
virginal	taupou
virginity	taupou
virility	leaga
virology	virology
virtual	mamanu
virtually	toetoe lava
virtue	mama
virtuoso	amio mama
virtuous	amio mama
virulence	siama
virus	siama
visa	visa
visage	NO TRANSLATION
viscosity	viscosity
viscous	viscous
vise	NO TRANSLATION
visibility	visibility
visible	vaaia
visibly	manino
vision	faʻaaliga
visionary	faʻaaliga
visit	asiasiga
visitation	asiasiga
visiting	asiasiga
visitor	asiasi
visor	visa
vista	vista
visual	mea faitino
visualize	vaai faalemafaufau
vital	taua
vitality	malosi
vitals	vitals
vitamin	vitamini
vitreous	vitreous
viva	viva
vivacious	mataʻutia
vivid	manino
vixen	vii
vocabulary	upu
vocal	leo
vocalist	leo
vocation	galuega
vodka	Vodka
vogue	faʻailoga
voice	leo
voiceless	leai se leo
voicemail	telefoni leo
void	leai se aoga
volatile	faʻalavelave
volatility	utiuti
volcanic	volcanoic
volcano	volcano
volition	volition
volley	volley
volleyball	volipolo
voltage	voltage
voltmeter	voltmeter
volume	voluma
volumes	volumes
voluminous	volumaous
voluntarily	loto malie
voluntary	ofo
volunteer	volenitia
volunteering	volenitia
volunteers	volenitia
voluptuous	voluptuous
vomit	vili
vomiting	vomiting
voodoo	voodoo
voracious	voracious
vortex	Vortex
vote	palota
voter	tagata palota
voting	palota
votive	palota
vouch	faʻatau
voucher	siaki
vow	tautoga
vowel	vowel
voyage	malaga
voyager	tagata faimalaga
voyeur	voyeur
vulgar	leaga
vulgarity	upu leaga
vulnerability	tulaga lamatia
vulnerable	faʻafitauli
vulture	vulture
wacko	talofa
wacky	talofa
wad	fa
waddle	lapoʻa
wade	faʻailoa
wafer	talo
waffle	faʻailoga
wag	talo
wage	totogi
wager	totogi
wages	totogi
wagon	taavaletoso
wail	tagi
waist	puʻu
waistcoat	suluvae
waistline	laina
wait	faatalitali
waiter	tausi
waiting	faatalitali
waitinggame	NO TRANSLATION
waitress	faʻataʻitaʻi
waive	faʻamalo
waiver	faʻamalo
wake	ala
walk	savavali
walker	savali
walking	savavali
walkout	walkout
wall	puipui
wallaby	wallaby
wallet	atotupe
wallflower	puipui
wallop	solo
wallow	pala
wallpaper	pepa
walnut	fulino
walrus	talo
waltz	waltz
wan	NO TRANSLATION
wand	feoai
wander	feoai solo
wanderer	faimalaga
wandering	feoai
wane	leai
waning	vaivai
wanker	faimalaga
wannabe	wannabe
wannasleep	NO TRANSLATION
want	manaʻo
wanting	manaʻo
wanton	manaʻoga
war	taua
warbler	warbler
warcrimes	NO TRANSLATION
ward	uarota
warden	leoleo
wardrobe	laei
ware	teu
warehouse	faletupe
warfare	taua
warhead	warhead
warlike	taua
warlock	taua
warlord	fitafita
warm	mafanafana
warming	mafanafana
warms	mafanafana
warmth	mafanafana
warn	lapatai
warned	lapatai
warning	lapataiga
warp	vaʻavaʻa
warpath	warpath
warped	faʻasoesa
warrant	tusi poloaiga
warranted	faʻamaonia
warrants	tusi saisai
warranty	tusi saisai
warren	taua
warrior	toa
warship	taua
wart	lapisi
wartime	taua
wary	le fefe
wash	mulumulu
washed	fufulu
washer	fale
washing	fufuluina
washout	leai
washroom	fufuluina o fale
wasp	solo
waste	otaota
wastebasket	otaota
wasted	faʻaumatia
wasteful	otaota
wasteland	otaota
wasting	faʻaumatia
watch	matamata
watchdog	watchdog
watcher	leoleo
watchful	mataala
watchman	NO TRANSLATION
watchout	faaeteete
watchtower	mataʻitusi
water	vai
water polo	vai polo
waterbed	vai
watercourse	vai
watered	faʻafeinu
waterfall	afu
waterfront	vai
watering can	fafagaina
watermelon	sima
waterproof	leai se vai
waterworks	vai
watery	vai
wave	galu
wavelength	toso uumi
waver	faʻalavelave
wavering	faʻafefe
waves	galu
wavy	talo
wax	solo
waxed	solo
waxy	talo
way	ala
ways	auala
wayward	agavale
weak	vaivai
weaken	vaivai
weakened	vaivai
weakling	vaivai
weakly	vaivai
weakness	vaivaiga
wealth	tamaoaiga
wealthy	tamaoaiga
weapon	auupega
weaponry	auupega
wear	ofu
wearer	faʻaaoga
wearily	ioe
weariness	vaivai
wearing	laei
weary	vaivai
weasel	tatouasasel
weather	tau
weathered	onosai
weatherman	tagata tau
weatherproof	mataʻu
weave	lalaga
web	upega tafailagi
website	uepisaite
wed	faaipoipo
wedded	faaipoipo
wedding	faaipoipopga
wedge	tina
wedlock	faaipoipoga
wee	alu
weed	vao
weeding	veleina
weeds	vao
weedy	vailaau
weeeee	NO TRANSLATION
week	vaiaso
weekday	aso o le vaiaso
weekend	faaiuga o le vaiaso
weekly	vaiaso
weenie	faʻamalosi
weep	tagi
weeping	tagi
weeping willow	tagi o tagi
weepy	siʻosiʻomaga
weigh	mamafa
weighing	mamafa
weight	mamafa
weightless	leai se mamafa
weightloss	NO TRANSLATION
weights	mamafa
weighty	mamafa
weir	solo
weird	ese
weirdness	vaʻaiga
weirdo	usirdo
welcome	Afio mai
welcomed	faʻafeiloaʻi
welcoming	faʻafeiloaʻi
weld	weld
welder	pulupulu
welding	uʻamea
welfare	manuia
wellhead	ulu
wellness	soifua manuia
welsh	welsh
welt	NO TRANSLATION
wen	NO TRANSLATION
wench	wench
werewolf	werewolf
west	sisifo
westbound	sisifo
western	sisifo
wet	susu
wetback	fulafula
whack	faʻailoga
whale	faga
whaling	faga
wham	fam
whammy	faimy
wharf	uafu
whatdoido	NO TRANSLATION
whatif	aʻafiaga
whatmakesmesmile	NO TRANSLATION
whatnot	mea leai
whatsoever	soo se mea
whatsthepoint	NO TRANSLATION
wheat	saito
wheel	uili
wheel barrow	NO TRANSLATION
wheelbarrow	uila
wheelchair	nofoa faataavalevale
wheels	uili
wheeze	lūlū
whelp	uila
whereabouts	mea oi ai
wherefore	o le mea lea
wherewith	lea
wherewithal	mea e mafai ai
whet	whet
whiff	le
whilst	ao
whim	faʻailoga
whimper	leai se mea
whimsical	faʻailoga
whimsy	valea
whine	faʻailoa
whiny	faʻailoga
whip	sasa
whiplash	faʻasalaga
whipped	sasaina
whirl	sasa
whirlpool	vaʻavaʻa
whirlwind	asiosio
whisk	ufi
whisker	musumusu
whiskers	sikisa
whiskey	whiskey
whisky	whiskey
whisper	musumusu
whispered	musumusu
whistle	sosolo
whit	papaʻe
white	lanu pa'epa'e
whitefish	lanu moana
whiteness	papaʻe
whitewash	faʻamaʻa
whitish	papaʻe
whittle	laei
whiz	sasa
whole	atoa
wholesale	oloa faʻatau
wholesome	lelei
wholly	atoa
whoo	tagata
whoop	tagata
whopper	lē faʻatau
whopping	lafoaʻi
whore	fafine talitane
whorehouse	fale talitane
wick	wiki
wicked	leaga
wickedness	amioleaga
wicker	wicker
wicket	uila
wide	lautele
widely	lautele
widen	faalauteleina
widespread	salalau
widow	fafine ua oti lana tane
widowed	fafine maliu
widower	tagata nofofua
width	lautele
wield	faʻaaogaina
wiener	Wiener
wienie	NO TRANSLATION
wife	ava
wig	wig
wiggle	mimiti
wight	mataʻutia
wiki	wiki
wild	vao
wildcat	faʻailoga
wildebeest	i ai
wilderness	vao
wildfire	vao
wildlife	manu feʻai
will	o le a
willful	loto malie
willies	soies
willing	naunau
willingly	naunau
willingness	naunau
willow	ulu
willpower	malosi
wilt	lafo
wilted	solo
wily	fufulu
wimp	osofaʻi
wimpy	wimpy
win	manumalo
wince	manumalo
winch	togi
wind	matagi
windbag	fofo
windfall	matagi
winding	faamalama
windmill	moli
window	faamalama
windowsill	NO TRANSLATION
windpipe	matagi
windshield	mata mata
windy	matagi
wine	uaina
wine cooler	uaina le uaina
wing	apaʻau
winged	apaʻau
winger	uo
wingman	wingman
wink	matala
winner	manumalo
winning	manumalo
winnings	manumalo
wino	NO TRANSLATION
winter	taumalulu
winterbreak	NO TRANSLATION
wintertime	taimi taumalulu
wintery	manumalo
wintry	vintry
wipe	solo
wiper	fufulu
wire	uaea
wired	feau
wireless	leai se mea
wiretap	telefoni
wiring	telefoni
wis	atamai
wisdom	poto
wise	atamai
wish	manaʻoga
wishbone	talo
wishful	moomooga
wishing	manaʻoga
wishmeluck	manaʻoga
wisp	atamai
wistful	valea
wit	ma
witch	polofiti
witchcraft	togafiti faataulaitu
withal	faʻamalosi
withdraw	alu ese
withdrawal	tosoina
withdrawals	tolopoina
withdrawn	toe faaui i tua
wither	mamae
withered	mamae
withering	mamae
withhold	taofi
withholding	taofi
withstand	tu
witless	leai se mea
witness	molimau
wits	vits
witty	faʻamaoni
wiz	wiz
wizard	taulaitu
wobble	faʻailoga
wobbly	faʻanoanoa
woe	aue
woeful	aue
woefully	aue
wok	Wok
wokemeup	NO TRANSLATION
wolf	luko
wolverine	luko
woman	fafine
womanhood	tamaitai
womanizer	faʻailoa
womanly	tamaitai
womb	manava
wonder	mafaufau
wonderful	matagofie
wonderfully	maofa
wonderment	maofa
wondrous	ofoofogia
wont	NO TRANSLATION
woo	woo
wood	laupapa
woodcut	fafie laau
wooden	laupapa
woodland	fafie
woodlands	fafie
woodpecker	woodpecker
woods	laupapa
woodshed	fafieina
woodsman	tagata fafie
woodwork	fafie
woody	toto
woof	afifi
woohoo	woohoo
wooing	solo
wool	fulufulu mamoe
woolen	fulufulu mamoe
woolly	faʻanoanoa
woot	vaʻai
woozy	faʻanoanoa
wop	solo
word	upu
wording	upu
words	upu
wordy	wordy
work	galuega
workaholic	tagata maʻi
workbook	api tusi
worker	tagata faigaluega
working	faigaluega
workings	galuega
workload	galuega mamafa
workman	tagata faigaluega
workmanship	galuega
workout	galue ane
workplace	fale faigaluega
works	galue
workshop	atinaʻe
workup	fale faigaluega
world	lalolagi
worldly	lalolagi
worldwide	i le lalolagi atoa
worm	anufe
wormhole	wormhole
wormwood	wormwood
worn	laei
worried	popole
worries	popolega
worry	popole
worrying	popole
worse	leaga
worsening	faʻaleagaina
worship	tapuai
worshipful	tapuai
worstfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
worth	taua
worthless	leai se aoga
worthwhile	aoga
worthy	agavaa
wot	solo
would	o le a
wound	manua
wounded	manua
wounding	manuʻa
wounds	manuʻa
wracking	afifi
wrangler	vrangler
wrangling	feteenaʻi
wrap	afifi
wrapper	afifi
wrapping	afifi
wrath	ita
wrathful	toʻasā
wreak	faʻanoanoa
wreath	pulou
wreck	solo
wreckage	faʻalavelave
wrecked	solo
wrecker	faʻailoga
wrench	faʻamaʻi
wrenching	faʻamaʻi
wrest	vavave
wrestle	fagatuaga
wrestler	fagatuaga
wrestling	fagatuaga
wretch	leaga
wretched	leaga
wriggle	faʻanoanoa
wright	e saʻo
wring	feʻai
wringer	vringer
wrinkle	sosoʻo
wrinkled	faʻanoanoa
wrist	tapulima
wristband	fusi lima
wristwatch	tapuni
writ	faasalalauga
write	tusi
writer	tusitala
writing	tusitusi
written	tusia
wrong	sese
wrongdoing	sese
wrongful	sese
wrongly	sese
wrought	galue
wry	wry
xanax	xanax
xenophobia	xenophobia
xerox	xerox
xmas	xmas
xoxo	xoxo
yaaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaay	NO TRANSLATION
yacht	uila
yachting	tachting
yahoo	yahoo
yak	yak
yam	yam
yank	yank
yap	NO TRANSLATION
yard	fanua
yarn	vulu
yaw	u
yawn	u
yawning	faʻailoga
yay	ioe
yayy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyyy	NO TRANSLATION
yea	ioe
yeahhh	Yeahhh
yeahhhh	NO TRANSLATION
year	tausaga
yearbook	tausaga tausaga
yearling	tausaga
yearly	tausaga taʻitasi
yearn	naunau
yearning	faanaunauga
years	tausaga
yeast	fefete
yehey	NO TRANSLATION
yell	tagi
yeller	tala
yelling	tagi
yellow	lanu samasama
yellows	samasama
yelp	yelp
yen	yen
yeoman	tamaʻitaʻi
yesss	yesss
yessss	faʻataunuʻu
yesterday	ananafi
yesteryear	ioe
yew	outou
yey	NO TRANSLATION
yield	gaosi
yielding	gauaʻi
yo-yo	NO TRANSLATION
yodel	yodel
yoga	yoga
yogi	yogi
yogurt	yogurt
yoke	amo
yolk	selu
yon	NO TRANSLATION
yonder	ma isi
young	talavou
younger	talavou
youngster	talavou
yousuck	e ke le aoga
youth	talavou
youthful	talavou
yucky	yucky
yuletide	yuletide
yummy	uila
yuppie	yuppie
zany	zany
zap	zap
zeal	maelega
zealot	zealot
zealous	maelega
zebra	zebra
zen	zen
zenith	zenith
zephyr	zephyr
zeppelin	zeppelin
zest	zest
zesty	amioga leaga
zeta	zeta
zigzag	zigzag
zilch	zilch
zillion	zillion
zinc	zinc
zing	NO TRANSLATION
zip	zip
zipper	faʻamau
zippy	zippy
zit	NO TRANSLATION
zodiac	zodiac
zombie	zombie
zone	sone
zoning	fefaatauaiga
zoo	zoo
zoological	faʻasologa
zoology	fomai
zoom	zoom
zucchini	zucchini
