Word	sn
aaaaaaah	aaaaaaah
aaaah	NO TRANSLATION
aardvark	aardvark
aback	aback
abacus	abacus
abalone	abalone
abandon	siya
abandoned	asiyiwa
abandonment	kusiya
abashed	washadzika
abate	abate
abatement	abatement
abba	abba
abbey	abbey
abbot	NO TRANSLATION
abbreviate	zvinyorwa
abbreviation	abbreviation
abdomen	mimba
abdominal	mimba
abduct	kubvisa
abduction	kubatwa
aberrant	aberrant
aberration	kuberekwa
abeyance	abeyance
abhor	kuvenga
abhorrence	kuvenga
abhorrent	zvinonyangadza
abide	gara
abiding	kugara
ability	kukwanisa
abject	zvinopesana
ablation	ablation
ablaze	kupisa
able	vanogona
abnormal	zvisiri izvo
abnormality	kusakanganisika
aboard	inway
abode	vakagara
abolish	kubvisa
abolition	kubvisa
abominable	zvinonyangadza
abominate	zvinonyangadza
abomination	zvinonyangadza
aboriginal	aboriginal
abort	bvisa
abortion	kubvisa pamuviri
abortive	kubvisa
abound	zvizhinji
abovementioned	zvataurwa pamusoro
abracadabra	abracadabra
abrasion	abrasion
abrasive	kubvisa
abreast	inowedzera
abroad	kunze kwenyika
abrogate	abrogate
abrupt	pakarepo
abruptly	pakarepo
abscess	abscess
absence	kusavapo
absent	asipo
absentee	asipo
absenteeism	kusawana
absinthe	absinthe
absolute	mhedziso
absolution	absolution
absolve	siya
absorb	kunyanya
absorbed	akabatwa
absorbent	absorbent
absorbing	kunyanya
absorption	absorption
abstain	regai
abstention	kudzikama
abstinence	kuzvidzora
abstract	abstract
abstraction	kubvisa
absurd	zvisinganzwisisiki
absurdity	kusaziva
abundance	zvakawanda
abundant	zvakawanda
abuse	kushungurudza
abused	vanoshungurudzwa
abusive	kushungurudza
abutment	nhengo
aby	NO TRANSLATION
abysmal	abysmal
abyss	abhisha
academic	mudzidzi
academy	academy
accede	tsigira
accelerant	accelerant
accelerate	accelerate
accelerated	kukurumidza
acceleration	kukurumidza
accelerator	accelerator
accent	kusimbiswa
accentuate	accentuate
accept	accept
acceptable	inogamuchirika
acceptance	kubvuma
acceptances	acceptances
access	access
accessible	kufambidzana
accession	accession
accessory	accessory
accident	ngozi
accidental	kazhinji
accidentally	accidentally
acclaim	rumbidza
accolade	accolade
accommodate	kugara
accommodation	pokugara
accompaniment	accompaniment
accompany	famba
accompanying	pamwe chete
accomplice	accomplice
accomplish	kuzadzisa
accomplished	zvakaitwa
accomplishment	kukwana
accord	accord
accordance	maererano
accordion	accordion
account	nhoroondo
accountability	kuzvidavirira
accountable	vanozvidavirira
accountant	munyori wenhoroondo
accounting	accounting
accounts	nhoroondo
accredited	akabvumirwa
accretion	accretion
accrue	kuwedzera
accueil	NO TRANSLATION
accumulate	kuunganidza
accumulation	kuunganidza
accuracy	kururama
accurate	zvakarurama
accursed	rakatukwa
accusation	mhosva
accusative	kupomera
accuse	kupomera
accused	akapomerwa
accuser	mupomera
accusing	kupomera
accustomed	akajaira
ace	ace ace
acetic	acetic
acetylene	acetylene
ache	ache
achieve	kubudirira
achieved	akabudirira
achievement	kubudirira
aching	aching
achy	achy
acid	asidi
acidity	acidity
acknowledge	kubvuma
acknowledged	akabvuma
acknowledgement	kubvuma
acknowledgment	kubvuma
acme	acme
acne	acne
acorn	acorn
acoustic	acoustic
acoustics	acoustics
acquaint	kuzivana
acquaintance	shamwari
acquainted	vanoziva
acquiescence	acquiescence
acquire	kuwana
acquiring	kuwana
acquisition	acquisition
acquisitions	kuwanikwa
acquit	acquit
acquittal	kuregerera
acre	acre
acreage	acreage
acres	acres
acrobat	acrobat
acrylic	acrylic
act	chiito
acting	kuita
action	chiito
action figure	chiito chiito
actionable	canable
activate	activate
activation	kushandiswa
active	inoshanda
activist	mutungamiriri
activity	basa
actor	actor
actress	actress
actual	chaiyo
actuality	realityality
actuary	actuary
acuity	acuity
acumen	acumen
acupuncture	acupuncture
acute	acute
acutely	acutely
ad	ad
adage	adage
adamant	adamant
adapt	kuchinja
adaptable	inogadziriswa
adaptation	kuchinja
add	onai
added	akawedzera
addendum	addendum
adder	adder
addict	chiremba
addicted	addicted
addiction	addiction
addictive	addictive
addition	kuwedzera
additional	zvimwe
additive	additive
address	address
addressee	addressee
addresses	aderesi
adept	adept
adequacy	kukwana
adequate	zvakakwana
adhere	kunamatira
adherence	kutevera
adherent	adherent
adhering	kunamatira
adhesion	adhesion
adhesive	adhesive
adieu	adieu
adipose	adipose
adjacency	adjacency
adjacent	pedo
adjective	chirevo
adjoining	adjoining
adjourn	rambai
adjournment	kusununguka
adjudicate	kururamisa
adjudication	kupiwa mhosva
adjunct	adjunct
adjust	shandura
adjuster	adjuster
adjustment	kuchinja
adjuvant	adjuvant
admin	admin
administer	kutungamirira
administration	administration
administrative	administration
administrator	administrator
admirable	inonakidza
admiral	admiral
admiralty	admiralty
admiration	kuyemura
admire	admire
admired	anoyemura
admirer	admirer
admiring	admiring
admissibility	admissibility
admissible	zvinogamuchirwa
admission	kubvuma
admit	bvuma
admittance	admittance
admitted	akabvuma
admitting	admitting
admixture	admixture
admonition	zano
ado	ado
adobe	adobe
adolescence	kuyaruka
adolescent	mwana wechidiki
adopt	adopt
adoption	kubvumirwa
adoptive	anogamuchira
adorable	zvinofadza
adoration	adoration
adore	adore
adoring	adoring
adorn	kupfeka
adornment	chikomba
adrenalin	adrenalin
adrenaline	adrenaline
adrift	adrift
adult	munhu mukuru
adulterated	vakafeva
adulterer	mhombwe
adultery	upombwe
adulthood	munhu mukuru
advance	mberi
advanced	advanced
advancement	kufambira mberi
advancing	kufambira mberi
advantage	advantage
advantageous	zvinobatsira
advent	kuuya
adventure	adventure
adventurer	anventure
adventures	adventures
adventurous	adventurous
adversary	muvengi
adverse	zvakaipa
adversity	dambudziko
advertise	taura
advertisement	kushambadzira
advertising	kushambadzira
adverts	adverts
advice	mazano
advisable	zvinonzwisisika
advise	zano
advised	vakurudzirwa
advisement	kurudzira
adviser	mupi wezano
advisor	mudzidzisi
advisory	mazano
advocacy	kukurudzira
advocate	tsigira
aegis	aegis
aeration	aeration
aerial	aerial
aerobics	aerobics
aerodrome	aerodrome
aerodynamic	aerodynamic
aerodynamics	aerodynamics
aeronautics	aeronautics
aeroplane	ndege
aerospace	aerospace
aesthetic	aesthetic
aesthetics	aesthetics
aetiology	aetiology
afar	afar
affable	kunetseka
affair	nyaya
affect	inobata
affecting	inogunzva
affection	rudo
affectionate	rudo
affections	zvido
affiche	NO TRANSLATION
affidavit	affidavit
affiliated	zvakabatana
affiliation	kushamwaridzana
affinity	hukama
affirm	anotsigira
affirmation	kutsigira
affirmative	affirmative
affirmatively	zvinotsigira
affix	affix
afflict	tambudza
afflicted	vanotambudzika
affliction	kutambudzika
affluence	hupfumi
affluent	vane ruzivo
afford	kukwanisa
affordable	asingakwanisi
affront	affront
affronted	kushushwa
afield	afield
afire	afire
afloat	afloat
afore	afore
aforementioned	zvakataurwa
aforesaid	zvakataurwa
afraid	kutya
afresh	zvakare
african	african
aft	aft
afterlife	mushure mekufa
aftermath	pashure
afternoon	masikati
aftershave	aftershave
aftertaste	aftertaste
afterthought	afterthought
aga	NO TRANSLATION
agape	agape
agate	agate
age	age
aged	vakwegura
agency	sangano
agenda	agenda
agent	agent
agglomeration	agglomeration
aggravate	kuwedzera
aggravated	yakawedzera
aggravates	inowedzera
aggravating	kuwedzera
aggravation	aggravation
aggregate	aggregate
aggregation	aggregation
aggresive	NO TRANSLATION
aggression	utsinye
aggressive	utsinye
aggressively	kurwisa
aggressiveness	utsinye
aggressor	aggressor
agh	agh
aghast	aghast
aghhh	NO TRANSLATION
agile	agile
agility	agility
aging	aging
agitate	agitate
agitated	agitated
agitation	kushungurudzika
aglow	kupisa
agnostic	agnostic
ago	yapfuura
agonizing	kushungurudza
agony	kurwadziwa
agoraphobia	agoraphobia
agree	anobvumirana
agreeable	inofadza
agreed	akabvumirana
agreeing	kubvumirana
agreement	chibvumirano
agressive	NO TRANSLATION
agricultural	agriculture
agriculture	agriculture
aground	aground
agua	NO TRANSLATION
ahead	mberi
ahhh	ahhh
ahhhhhhhh	NO TRANSLATION
ahoy	ahoy
aid	rubatsiro
aide	mubatsiri
aiding	kubatsira
aids	rubatsiro
ail	ail
ailing	kurwara
ailment	kurwara
aim	chinangwa
aimless	aimless
air	air
airbag	airbag
airborne	airborne
aircraft	ndege
aircraft carrier	ndege dzinotakura
airfield	airfield
airhead	airhead
airlift	ndege
airline	airline
airliner	ndege
airlock	airlock
airman	airman
airplane	ndege
airport	airport
airs	airs
airship	airship
airspace	airspace
airspeed	airspeed
airstrip	ndege
airtight	airtight
airway	airway
aisle	parisite
ait	NO TRANSLATION
ajar	NO TRANSLATION
aka	Aka
akin	akin
alabaster	alabaster
alarm	alarm
alarm clock	alarm clock
alarmed	zvinotyisa
alarming	chinotyisa
alas	meso
alb	NO TRANSLATION
albatross	albatross
albino	albino
album	album
alchemy	alchemy
alcohol	doro
alcoholic	doro
alcoholism	kudhakwa
alcove	alcove
alderman	alderman
ale	NO TRANSLATION
alert	chenjerera
alertness	kuchenjerera
alerts	alerts
alfalfa	alfalfa
algebra	algebra
algebraic	algebraic
algorithm	algorithm
alias	alias
alibi	alibi
alien	alien
alienate	alienate
alienated	alienated
alienation	kuparadzana
alight	zvakananga
align	fanana
aligned	akafanana
alignment	kuenzanisa
alike	zvakafanana
alimentation	NO TRANSLATION
alimony	alimony
aliquot	aliquot
alive	mupenyu
alkali	alkali
alkaloids	alkaloids
allay	shanduka
allegation	mhaka
allege	allege
alleged	akadaro
allegiance	kutendeseka
allegorical	zvinyorwa
allegory	zvinyorwa
allegro	allegro
allergic	allergic
allergy	allergy
alleviate	kuderedza
alleviation	kuderedza
alley	alley
alleyway	Alleyway
alliance	kubatana
allied	sangano
alligator	alligator
allocate	allocate
allocation	kugoverwa
allot	allot
allotment	mugove
allow	tendera
allowable	inobvumirwa
allowance	mugove
allowed	akabvumirwa
alloy	alloy
allsmiles	NO TRANSLATION
allure	kukanganisa
alluring	kukanganisa
allusion	kureva
alluvial	alluvial
ally	sangano
almanac	almanac
almighty	masimbaose
almond	almond
aloft	aloft
aloha	aloha
alone	ndoga
alongside	pamwe chete
aloof	aloof
aloud	zvinonzwika
alpha	alpha
alphabet	alphabet
alphabetical	alfabheti
alpine	alpine
alreadyyyyy	alreadyyyyy
altar	aritari
altar boy	aritari mukomana
alter	shanduka
alteration	kuchinja
altercation	kushanduka
altered	akachinjwa
alternate	alternate
alternating	alternating
alternative	zvimwe
altimeter	altimeter
altitude	kureba
alto	alto
altogether	zvachose
aluminum	aluminium
alumnus	alumnus
alveolar	alveolar
alzheimers	NO TRANSLATION
amalgam	amalgam
amalgamation	kubatana
amaretto	amaretto
amass	svika
amateur	mutambi
amaze	kushamisa
amazed	akashamisika
amazedness	NO TRANSLATION
amazement	anoshamisika
amazing	anoshamisa
amazingly	zvinoshamisa
ambassador	ambassador
amber	amber
ambience	ambience
ambient	ambient
ambiguity	kusaziva
ambiguous	zvisinganzwisisiki
ambit	ambit
ambition	chido
ambitious	ambitious
ambivalent	ambivalent
ambrosia	ambrosia
ambulance	ambulensi
ambush	ambush
ameliorate	rumbidzai
amen	ameni
amenable	amenable
amend	kuchinja
amendment	kugadzirisa
amends	inogadzirisa
amenity	amenity
amethyst	amethyst
amiable	friendlyable
amicable	vanoita zvakanaka
amid	amid
amidst	amidst
amino	amino
ammo	ammo
ammonia	ammonia
ammonium	ammonium
ammunition	zvombo
amnesia	amnesia
amnesty	ruregerero
amorous	amorous
amorphous	amorphous
amortization	kudyidzana
amount	chiyero
amour	NO TRANSLATION
amp	amp
ampersand	ampersand
amphetamines	amphetamines
amphibian	amphibian
amphibious	amphibious
amphitheater	amphitheater
ample	zvakakwana
amplification	amplification
amplify	amplify
amplitude	amplitude
amply	amply
amputate	amputate
amputation	kunyorerwa
amuck	amuck
amulet	amulet
amuse	kufadza
amused	kufara
amusement	kufara
amusing	kunakidza
ana	NO TRANSLATION
anaconda	anaconda
anaesthesia	anesthesia
anaesthetic	anesthetic
anagram	anagram
anal	anal
analgesic	analgesic
analogous	analogous
analogue	analogue
analogy	analogy
analysis	analysis
analyst	analyst
analytic	analytic
analytical	kuongorora
analyze	kuongorora
analyzer	analyzer
anaphylactic	anaphylactic
anarchism	anarchism
anarchist	anarchist
anarchy	hutsinye
anastomosis	anastomosis
anathema	anathema
anatomic	anatomic
anatomy	anatomy
ancestor	madzitateguru
ancestral	madzitateguru
ancestry	madzitateguru
anchor	Anchor
anchorage	anchorage
ancient	kare
ancillary	ancillary
androgen	androgen
android	android
anecdote	anecdote
anemia	anemia
anemic	anemic
anemone	anemone
anesthesia	anesthesia
anesthesiologist	anesthesiologist
anesthetic	anesthetic
aneurysm	aneurysm
anew	anew
angel	ngirozi
angelic	ngirozi
anger	hasha
angered	akatsamwa
angermanagement	NO TRANSLATION
angina	angina
angiogram	angiogram
angiography	angiography
angle	angle
angling	angling
angora	angora
angriest	angriest
angry	kutsamwa
angrytweet	NO TRANSLATION
angst	angst
anguish	kurwadziwa
anguished	kunetseka
angular	angular
anhydrous	anhydrous
animal	mhuka
animate	animate
animated	animated
animation	animation
animosity	kuvenga
animus	animus
ankle	ankle
anklet	anklet
annals	annals
annex	chikwata
annexation	kuwedzera
annexe	NO TRANSLATION
annihilate	kuparadza
annihilated	kuparadzwa
annihilation	kuparadza
anniversary	mhembero
annotate	annotate
annotation	annotation
announce	kuzivisa
announcement	chiziviso
announcer	muparidzi
annoy	kuvhiringidza
annoyance	kushungurudzika
annoyed	akagumbura
annoyin	NO TRANSLATION
annoying	zvinoshungurudza
annoys	zvinotsamwisa
annual	gore negore
annuity	annuity
annul	annul
annular	annular
annulment	annulment
annulus	annulus
anointed	akazodzwa
anointing	anozodza
anomalous	anomalous
anomaly	anomaly
anon	anon
anonymity	kusazivikanwa
anonymous	anonymous
anorexic	anorexic
answer	mhinduro
answerable	inopindurwa
answering	answer
ant	nyere
antagonism	kupesana
antagonist	mushori
antagonistic	zvinopesana
antagonize	antagonze
ante	NO TRANSLATION
antecedent	antecedent
antelope	antelope
antenna	antenna
anterior	anterior
anthem	rwiyo
anthill	anthill
anthology	anthology
anthrax	anthrax
anthropological	anthropological
anthropologist	anthropologist
anthropology	anthropology
anti	anti
antiaircraft	antiaircraft
antibiotic	antibiotic
antibiotics	antibiotics
antichrist	antichrist
anticipate	tarisira
anticipation	kutarisira
anticipatory	kutarisira
antics	antics
antidote	antidote
antifungal	antifungal
antigravity	antigravity
antimony	antimony
antipathy	kupesana
antiquarian	antiquarian
antiquated	antiquated
antique	antique
antiques	antiques
antiquity	kare
antiseptic	antiseptic
antisocial	kushamwaridzana
antithesis	kushandiswa
antithetical	antithetical
antiviral	antiviral
antler	antler
antsy	antsy
anus	anus
anvil	anvil
anxiety	kuzvidya mwoyo
anxietyattack	NO TRANSLATION
anxious	kuzvidya mwoyo
anxiousness	kuzvidya mwoyo
anytime	chero nguva
aorta	aorta
aortic	aortic
apace	apace
apache	apache
apartment	gorofa
apartments	flats
apathetic	apathetic
apathy	kusafarira
ape	ape
aperture	aperture
apex	apex
aphid	aphid
aphrodisiac	aphrodisiac
apiece	apiece
aplomb	aplomb
apocalypse	Apocalypse
apocalyptic	Apocalyptic
apologetic	apologetic
apologist	apologist
apologize	Kumbira ruregerero
apology	kukumbira ruregerero
apostasy	apostasy
apostate	apostate
apostle	mupostori
apostolic	apostolic
apostrophe	apostrophe
apothecary	apothecary
appalled	akashamisika
appalling	zvinotyisa
apparatus	apparatus
apparel	nguo
apparent	zviri pachena
apparently	zviri pachena
apparition	apparition
appeal	kukwidza
appear	kuonekwa
appearance	kuonekwa
appease	kufadza
appellant	muchengeti
append	shingairira
appendage	appendage
appendectomy	appendectomy
appendicitis	appendicitis
appendix	appendix
appetite	chido
appetizer	appetizer
appetizing	kufadza
applaud	kuomba
applause	applause
apple	apple
apple juice	apple juice
applejack	applejack
applesauce	applesauce
appliance	appliance
appliances	midziyo
applicability	kushanda
applicable	inoshanda
applicant	mudzidzisi
application	kushandiswa
apply	apply
appoint	sarudza
appointment	kusangana
appointments	masangano
apportion	kugovana
apportionment	kugovana
appraisal	kuongorora
appraise	kuverenga
appreciable	vanokoshesa
appreciate	vanoonga
appreciated	vanokoshesa
appreciates	anoonga
appreciation	kuonga
appreciative	kuonga
apprehend	tora
apprehension	kunetseka
apprehensive	kutya
apprentice	dzidza
apprenticeship	kudzidzira
approach	kuswedera pedyo
approaching	kuswedera
approbate	NO TRANSLATION
approbation	kubvumirwa
appropriate	zvakakodzera
appropriation	kukodzera
approval	kugamuchirwa
approve	bvuma
approved	akabvumidzwa
approvement	kubvumirana
approving	kuvabvumira
approximate	approximate
approximately	zvishoma
approximating	kufanana
approximation	kuenzanirana
appurtenances	zvikwereti
apricot	apricot
apron	apron
apt	apt
aptitude	aptitude
aqua	aqua
aquamarine	aquamarine
aquarium	aquarium
aquatic	mumvura
aqueduct	mugwagwa
aqueous	aqueous
arable	arable
arbiter	arbiter
arbitrary	zvinopesana
arbitrate	arbitrate
arbitration	kubvumirana
arbitrator	arbitrator
arbor	arbor
arc	arc
arcade	arcade
arcane	arcane
arch	arch
archaeological	archaeological
archaeologist	archaeologist
archaeology	archaeology
archaic	archaic
archangel	ngirozi huru
archbishop	archbishopu
archdiocese	archdiocese
archduke	archduke
arched	arched
archer	mupfuri
archery	archery
archetype	archetype
archipelago	archipelago
architect	architect
architectural	zvivakwa
architecture	architecture
archive	archive
arctic	arctic
ardent	ardent
ardor	kushamwaridzana
arduous	zvinonetsa
area	nzvimbo
arena	Arena
areola	areola
areyoukidding	NO TRANSLATION
areyoukiddingme	NO TRANSLATION
argent	NO TRANSLATION
argh	argh
arghh	NO TRANSLATION
arghhhh	NO TRANSLATION
argue	kupopotedzana
argument	kukakavara
argumentation	kukakavara
argumentative	kukakavara
arguments	nharo
arid	arid
arise	simuka
aristocracy	aristocracy
aristocrat	mutongi
aristocratic	aristocratic
arithmetic	arithmetic
ark	areka
arm	ruoko
armada	armada
armament	zvombo
armaments	zvombo
armature	armature
armchair	armchair
armed	akazvigadzirira
armor	zvombo
armored	armored
armory	armory
armpit	armpit
arms	maoko
army	Mauto
aroma	kunhuwirira
aromatherapy	aromatherapy
arousal	arousal
arouse	kumutsa
aroused	wakamutsa
arraignment	arraignment
arrange	ronga
arranged	akaronga
arrangement	urongwa
array	array
arrears	zvizere
arrest	kusungwa
arrhythmia	arrhythmia
arrival	kusvika
arrive	arri
arrogance	kuzvikudza
arrogant	vanozvikudza
arrow	museve
arsehole	arsehole
arseholes	arseholes
arsenal	arsenal
arsenic	arsenic
arson	arson
arsonist	arsonist
art	unyanzvi
arterial	arterial
artery	ariti
artful	unyanzvi
arthritis	arthritis
arthropod	arthropod
artichoke	artichoke
article	chinyorwa
articles	nyaya
articulate	kutaura
articulation	kutaura
artifact	artifact
artifice	artifice
artificial	chikonzero
artillery	zvombo
artisan	artisan
artist	munyori
artiste	NO TRANSLATION
artistic	artistic
artistry	artistry
artists	artists
artwork	mifananidzo
arty	arty
asap	asap
asbestos	asbestos
ascend	kukwira
ascendancy	kukwira
ascendant	ascending
ascending	kukwira
ascension	ascension
ascent	Ascent
ascertain	ona
ascertained	vakaona
ascetic	ascetic
ash	ash
ashamed	nyara
ashes	madota
ashtray	ashtray
asinine	asinine
ask	bvunza
asleeep	NO TRANSLATION
asleep	akarara
asp	asp
asparagus	asperagus
aspartame	aspartame
aspect	aspect
aspects	zvinhu
aspen	aspen
asphalt	asphalt
asphyxia	asphyxia
asphyxiation	asphyxiation
aspiration	aspiration
aspire	aspire
aspirin	aspirin
aspiring	aspiring
ass	mbongoro
assail	assail
assailant	kurwisa
assassin	muurayi
assassinate	kuuraya
assassination	kuurayiwa
assault	kurwisa
assay	assay
assemblage	assemblage
assemble	sangana
assembled	akaungana
assembly	kereke
assemblyman	assemblyman
assent	bvuma
assert	taura
asserting	achitaura
assertion	kutaura
assertive	kutsigira
assess	kuongorora
assessment	kuongorora
assessor	muongorori
asset	assets
assets	assets
asshole	asshole
assign	sarudza
assignee	assignee
assignment	basa
assimilate	assimilate
assimilation	kufanana
assist	mubatsire
assistance	rubatsiro
assistant	mubatsiri
associate	kushamwaridzana
association	kushamwaridzana
assorted	assorted
assortment	kuburitsa
assuage	kuvhara
assume	funga
assumed	assumed
assuming	kufunga
assumption	fungidziro
assurance	vimbiso
assure	vimbisa
assured	akachengetedzwa
assuredly	chokwadi
asterisk	asterisk
asteroid	asteroid
asteroids	asteroids
asthma	asthma
asthmatic	asthmatic
astigmatism	astigmatism
astonish	anoshamisika
astonished	vakashamisika
astonishing	anoshamisa
astonishingly	NO TRANSLATION
astonishment	kushamisika
astound	astound
astral	astral
astray	astray
astringent	astringent
astrologer	nyanzvi
astrology	nyeredzi
astronaut	astronaut
astronomer	nyanzvi dzenyeredzi
astronomical	nyeredzi
astronomy	nyeredzi
astute	akachenjera
asunder	zvakaparadzana
asylum	kubatsirwa
asymmetric	asymmetric
asymmetry	asymmetry
asymptotic	asymptotic
atelier	atelier
atheism	atheism
atheist	atheist
atheistic	asingatendi
atherosclerosis	atherosclerosis
athlete	mutambi
athletic	mutambi wenyika
athleticism	mutambo
athletics	vatambi
atlas	atlas
atmosphere	atmosphere
atmospheric	atmospheric
atoll	atoll
atom	atomu
atomic	atomic
atone	atone
atonement	kuyananisira
atpeace	atpeace
atrium	atrium
atrocious	atrocious
atrocity	atrocity
atrophy	atrophy
attach	batanidza
attached	akabatanidzwa
attachment	attachment
attack	kurwisa
attacker	attacker
attacking	kurwisa
attain	attain
attainable	inogoneka
attainment	achietainment
attempt	edza
attempted	akaedza
attend	attend
attendance	kupinda
attendant	mushumiri
attention	cherechedza
attentionseeker	NO TRANSLATION
attentionseekers	NO TRANSLATION
attentive	kunyatsoteerera
attenuate	attenuate
attenuated	attenuated
attenuation	attenuation
attest	inopupura
attestation	uchapupu
attic	attic
attire	nguo
attitude	mafungiro
attorney	gweta
attract	kukoka
attraction	kukwezva
attractive	inokwezva
attractiveness	kukwezva
attributable	inokonzerwa
attribute	chirevo
attribution	attribution
attrition	attrition
auburn	auburn
auction	auction
auctioneer	auctioneer
audacious	vakangwarira
audacity	kusimba
audible	inonzwika
audience	vateereri
audio	audio
audit	kuongorora
audition	kuongorora
auditions	auditions
auditor	Auditor
auditorium	imba yacho
auditory	auditing
aught	chero
augment	kuwedzera
augmentation	augmentation
august	Nyamavhuvhu
aunt	shangai
auntie	tete
aura	aura
aurora	aurora
auspices	auspices
auspicious	auspicious
austere	austere
austerity	austerity
authentic	chokwadi
authenticate	authenticate
authentication	kuvimbiswa
authenticity	chokwadi
author	munyori
authoritative	ane kodzero
authority	simba
authorization	chiremera
authorize	kugamuchira
authorized	akapiwa simba
authorship	kunyora
autism	autism
autistic	autistic
auto	auto
autobiographical	autobiographical
autobiography	autobiography
autocorrect	selfocorrect
autocratic	autocracy
autograph	autograph
autographed	autographed
automated	automated
automatic	zvinononoka
automobile	motokari
automotive	motokari
autonomy	kuzvidzora
autopilot	autopilot
autopsy	autopsy
autumn	autumn
auxiliary	auxiliary
avail	anobatsira
availability	kuwanikwa
available	inowanikwa
avalanche	kuputsika
avarice	avarice
avatar	avatar
avenge	kutsiva
avenger	mutsivi
avenging	kutsiva
avenue	avenue
aver	NO TRANSLATION
average	average
aversation	NO TRANSLATION
averse	reverse
averseness	kutsvaga
aversion	aversion
avert	revert
aviary	aviary
aviation	aviation
aviator	aviator
avid	avid
avocado	avocado
avoid	dzivisa
avoidance	kudzivisa
avoiding	kudzivisa
await	kumirira
awake	muka
awaken	awaken
awakening	awakening
award	award
awards	awards
aware	unoziva
awareness	kuziva
awe	NO TRANSLATION
awed	awed
awesome	zvikuru
awesomeness	kutyisa
awestruck	zvinotyisa
awful	zvakaipa
awkward	zvisinganzwisisiki
awkwardness	kusakanganisika
awning	awning
awry	awry
axe	ax
axial	axial
axiom	axiom
axiomatic	axiomatic
axis	axis
axle	axle
ay	ay
aye	aye
azimuth	azimuth
azure	azure
babble	babble
babbling	kubbling
babe	babe
baboon	bhunon
baby	mwana
babysit	babysit
babysitter	babysitter
baccalaureate	baccalaureate
baccarat	baccarat
bachelor	Bachelor
bachelorette	bachelorette
back	shure
backboard	backboard
backbone	backbone
backdoor	backdoor
backdrop	shure
backer	backer
backfire	kudzokera shure
backgammon	backgammon
background	mamiriro ezvinhu
backhand	backhand
backhoe	backhoe
backoff	backoff
backpack	backpack
backpacker	backpacker
backroom	backroom
backseat	shure
backside	kumberi
backtrack	backtrack
backup	backup
backward	kumashure
backwardness	kudzokera shure
backwards	kumashure
backwater	backwater
backwoods	backwoods
backyard	kuseri
bacon	bhakoni
bacteria	mabhakitiriya
bacterial	bhakitiriya
bacterium	bhakitiriya
bad	zvakaipa
badass	badass
badday	NO TRANSLATION
badfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
badge	badge
badger	badger
badhabit	NO TRANSLATION
badly	zvakaipa
badness	uipi
baffle	baffle
baffled	baffled
bag	bhegi
bagel	bagel
baggage	baggage
baggie	baggie
baggy	baggy
bagman	bagman
bagpipes	bagpipes
bail	bail
bailiff	bailiff
bait	bait
bake	bake
bakery	baker
baking	baking
bal	NO TRANSLATION
balance	kuenzanisa
balanced	kuenzanisa
balcony	balconi
bald	bald
balding	balding
baldy	baldy
bale	bale
balk	balk
ball	bhora
ballad	ballad
ballast	ballast
ballerina	ballerina
ballet	ballet
ballgame	ballgame
ballistic	ballistic
ballistics	ballistics
balloon	balloon
ballot	ballot
ballpark	ballpark
ballplayer	ballplayer
ballpoint	ballpoint
ballroom	ballroom
ballsy	ballsy
balm	balm
balmy	balmy
balsam	bharisamu
balsamic	balsamic
bam	bam
bamboo	bamboo
ban	NO TRANSLATION
banana	banana
band	band
bandage	bandage
bandanna	NO TRANSLATION
bandit	bandit
bandstand	bandstand
bandwagon	bandwagon
bandwidth	Bandwidth
bane	bane
bang	bang
banger	banger
banish	banish
banished	banished
banishment	kushandiswa
banister	banister
banjo	banjo
bank	bhangi
banker	banker
banking	banking
bankroll	bankroll
bankrupt	bankrupt
bankruptcy	bankruptcy
banner	banner
banquet	banquet
banshee	banshee
banter	banter
banzai	NO TRANSLATION
baptism	rubhabhatidzo
baptismal	kubhabhatidza
baptize	bhabhatidza
bar	bar
barb	barb
barbarian	mutorwa
barbaric	barbaric
barbarism	gadziri
barbecue	barbecue
barbed	barbed
barber	barber
barbershop	barbershop
barbie doll	barbie doll
bard	bard
bare	bare
bareback	bareback
barefoot	vasina shangu
barely	zvishoma
barf	barf
bargain	taurirana
bargaining	bargaining
barge	barge
baritone	baritone
barium	barium
bark	hukura
barkeep	barkeep
barks	barks
barley	bhari
barmaid	barmaid
barman	barman
barn	dare
barnacle	chivako
barney	barney
barnyard	barnyard
barometer	barometer
baron	baron
baroness	baroness
baroque	baroque
barrack	barrack
barracuda	barracuda
barrage	barrage
barred	vakadziviswa
barrel	mbiya
barren	asingabereki
barricade	barricade
barrier	chipingamupinyi
barring	kudzivisa
barrister	barrister
barroom	barroom
barrow	barrow
bartender	bartender
barter	barter
base	base
baseball	baseball
baseball bat	baseball bat
baseboard	baseboard
baseless	asiri
baseline	mutsara
baseman	baseman
basement	pasi
bases	zvigaro
bash	bash
bashful	bashful
basic	zvinokosha
basics	zvidzidzo
basil	basil
basilica	basilica
basin	basin
basis	basis
bask	bask
basket	basket
basketball	basketball
bass	bass
bass guitar	bass guitar
basso	NO TRANSLATION
bassoon	bassoon
bastard	bastard
bastarding	bastarding
bastards	bastards
bastion	bastion
bat	bat
batch	batch
batching	batching
bate	NO TRANSLATION
bath	bath
bathe	bathe
bathhouse	bathhouse
bathing	bathing
bathrobe	bathrobe
bathroom	bathroom
bathtub	bhati
bathymetry	bathymetry
baton	baton
battalion	battalion
batter	batter
battered	battered
battering	battering
battery	bateri
battle	hondo
battled	kurwisana
battlefield	battlefield
battleground	battleground
battlements	warments
battleship	battleship
batty	batty
bauble	bauble
bawdy	bawdy
bawl	bawl
bay	bay
bayonet	bayonet
bayou	bayou
bazaar	bazaar
bazooka	bazooka
bday	bday
be	be
beach	beach
beaches	beaches
beacon	bhakoni
bead	bead
beading	beading
beads	bheshi
beady	beady
beagle	beagle
beak	beak
beaker	beaker
beam	danda
beaming	kubwinya
bean	bhinzi
beanbag	beanbag
beanie	beanie
bear	bere
bearable	bearable
beard	ndebvu
bearded	bearded
bearer	mutakuri
bearing	kutakura
bearings	bearings
bearish	bearish
bearskin	bearkin
beast	chikara
beastly	chikara
beat	kurohwa
beaten	kurohwa
beater	beater
beating	kurova
beatnik	beatnik
beau	beau
beautification	beautification
beautiful	runako
beautify	beautify
beauty	runako
beaver	beaver
bebop	bebop
beck	beck
beckon	beckon
become	kuva
bed	mubhedha
bedding	pamabhedha
bedpan	bedpan
bedrock	bedrock
bedroom	muimba yekurara
bedside	mubhedha
bedspread	bedspread
bedtime	nguva yokurara
bee	nyuchi
beef	nyama yemombe
beefsteak	nyama yemombe
beehive	nyuchi
beep	beep
beeper	beeper
beer	doro
bees	nyuchi
beeswax	bekisi
beetle	beetle
befall	inowira
befitting	zvakakodzera
befriend	shamwari
befuddled	befuddled
beg	kumbira
beggar	mupemhi
begging	achikumbira
begin	tanga
beginner	kutanga
beginning	kutanga
beginnings	kutanga
begrudge	kunyadziswa
begun	kutanga
behappy	NO TRANSLATION
behave	ita
behavior	maitiro
behavioral	behavioral
behemoth	behemoth
behest	shingairira
behold	tarisai
beholden	tarisai
beholder	tarisai
beige	beige
belated	belated
belay	belay
belch	bhanki
belief	kutenda
believable	inotendwa
believe	tenda
believed	vakatenda
believer	mutendi
believing	kutenda
belittle	belittle
belittled	vakanyarara
bell	bhero
bellboy	bellboy
bellhop	bellhop
belligerent	gakava
bellman	bellman
bellow	bellow
bellows	dumbu
belly	dumbu
bellybutton	bellybutton
bellyful	bellyful
belong	ndevamwe
belongings	zvinhu
beloved	mudiwa
belt	bhandi
beluga	beluga
bemused	vakanyarara
bench	bench
bend	bend
bender	bender
bending	bending
beneath	pasi
benedictory	benedictory
benefactor	anobatsira
beneficial	inobatsira
beneficiary	vabatsiri
benefit	anobatsira
benevolence	kusununguka
benevolent	zvakanaka
benign	benign
bent	bent
benzene	benzene
bequeath	bequeath
bequest	inobata
bereaved	kufirwa
bereavement	kufirwa
bereft	kuberekwa
beret	beret
bergamot	bergamot
berlin	berlin
berserk	berserk
berth	berth
beryllium	beryllium
beseech	ndinokumbira
beset	dambudziko
bestdayever	bestdayever
bestfeeling	bestfeeling
bestfriends	shamwari dzepamoyo
bestial	chifeve
besties	besties
bestow	bestow
bestseller	bestseller
bet	bethi
beta	beta
betray	betha
betrayal	kutengesa
betrayed	inotengeswa
betrothed	betrothed
betterment	zviri nani
betting	kubheji
betty	betty
bevel	bevel
beverage	beverage
bevy	bevy
beware	chenjerera
bewilder	kugumburwa
bewildered	kushamisika
bewilderment	kushamiswa
bias	kusarura
biased	zvakashata
bib	bib
bible	bible
biblical	biblical
bibliography	bibliography
bicarbonate	bicarbonate
bicentennial	bicentennial
biceps	biceps
bicker	bicker
bickering	kukakavara
bicolor	bicolor
bicycle	bhasikoro
bid	bidha
bidder	mubatsiri
bidding	bidding
bide	NO TRANSLATION
biennial	biennial
bier	NO TRANSLATION
bifurcation	bifurcation
big	big
bigamy	bigamy
bigday	bigday
biggestfear	NO TRANSLATION
biggie	biggie
bighorn	bighorn
bigmouth	bigmouth
bigot	bigot
bigoted	bigoted
bigotry	kuburitsa
bike	bicycle
biker	biker
bikini	bikini
bilateral	kushamwaridzana
bilayer	bilayer
bile	bile
bilge	bilge
bilingual	zvinyorwa zviviri
bill	Bill
billboard	billboard
billet	billet
billiard	mabhiriyoni
billiards	mabhiriyoni
billing	kubhadhara
billion	mabhiriyoni
billionaire	mabhiriyoniire
billy	billy
bimbo	bimbo
bimonthly	bimonthly
bin	bin
binary	binary
bind	zvisunga
binder	binder
bindery	bindery
binding	kusunga
bing	bing
binge	binge
bingo	bingo
binocular	binocular
binoculars	binoculars
binomial	binomial
bio	bio
biochemical	biochemical
biochemist	biochemist
biochemistry	biochemistry
biogenesis	biogenesis
biographer	biographer
biography	biography
biological	biological
biologist	biologist
biology	biology
bionic	bionic
biopsy	biopsy
biosphere	biosphere
bipartite	bipartite
bipolar	bipolar
birch	birch
bird	shiri
birdcage	birdcage
birdie	birdie
birdman	birdman
birth	kuberekwa
birthday	bhavhdhe
birthing	birthing
birthmark	birthmark
birthplace	nzvimbo yokuberekwa
birthright	udangwe
bis	NO TRANSLATION
biscuit	biscuit
bisexual	vakaroorana
bishop	bishop
bison	bison
bisque	bhisiki
bistro	bistro
bit	bit
bitch	bitch
bitchy	bitchy
bite	bite
biter	NO TRANSLATION
bitsy	bitsy
bitter	zvinorwadza
bitterly	zvinorwadza
bitterness	hasha
bittersweet	bittersweet
bitty	bitty
bitumen	bitumen
biweekly	biweekly
biz	biz
bizarre	zvinoshamisa
blab	blab
blabbermouth	blabbermouth
black	nhema
black snake	black snake
blackberry	blackberry
blackbird	blackbird
blackboard	bhodhi
blacken	blacken
blackface	blackface
blackjack	blackjack
blacklist	blacklist
blackmail	kushata
blackmailer	blackmailer
blackness	blackness
blackout	blackout
blacksmith	mupfuri
bladder	shanje
blade	blade
blame	mhosva
blameless	asina chaanopomerwa
bland	bland
blank	pasina
blanket	bhandi
blare	blare
blase	NO TRANSLATION
blasphemous	anonyomba
blasphemy	kunyomba
blast	blast
blaster	blaster
blastoff	blastoff
blatant	zvakashata
blather	blather
blaze	kupisa
blazer	blazer
blazing	kupisa
bleach	bleach
bleak	bleak
bleed	kubuda ropa
bleeder	bleeder
bleeding	kubuda ropa
bleep	b
blemish	chirema
blemished	akaremara
blend	blend
blender	blender
blending	blending
bless	ropafadza
blessed	akaropafadzwa
blessing	chikomborero
blessings	maropafadzo
bleu	bluu
blight	blight
blighted	blighted
blimp	blimp
blind	mapofu
blinded	mapofu
blindfold	kuvharwa pakafuti
blindfolded	kuvharwa maziso
blinding	kupofumadza
blindly	mapofu
blindness	bofu
blink	blink
blip	blip
bliss	mufaro
blissful	anofadza
blister	blister
blistering	kubvunda
blitz	blitz
blizzard	bhirizzard
bloat	bloat
bloated	bloated
blob	blob
block	chivharo
blockade	blockade
blockage	blockage
blockbuster	blockbuster
blockhead	blockhead
blog	blog
bloke	bloke
blond	blond
blonde	blonde
blood	ropa
bloodbath	ropabath
bloodhound	bloodhound
bloodless	isina ropa
bloodline	bloodline
bloodshed	kuteura ropa
bloodshot	ropa
bloodstream	ropastream
bloodthirsty	ropa
bloody	ropa
bloom	bloom
bloomers	bloomers
blooming	kurima
blossom	maruva
blot	bvisa
blotched	yakavharwa
blotter	blotter
blouse	blouse
blow	kupfura
blower	blower
blowfish	blowfish
blowing	blowing
blowjob	blowjob
blown	blown
blowout	blowout
blowtorch	blowtorch
blubber	blubber
bluddy	bluddy
blue	bhuruu
blue spruce	blue spruce
blueberry	bhiriberry
bluebird	bluebird
bluegrass	bluegrass
bluejay	bluejay
blueprint	blueprint
blues	blues
bluff	bluff
bluish	bluish
blunder	zvakashata
blunt	blunt
blur	blur
blurred	zvakashata
blurry	blurry
blurt	blurt
blush	blush
blushing	blushing
boa	NO TRANSLATION
boa constrictor	NO TRANSLATION
boar	boar
board	bhodhi
board game	bhodhi yemutambo
boarder	NO TRANSLATION
boarding	bhomba
boardroom	boardroom
boards	mapuranga
boardwalk	boardwalk
boast	kuzvirumbidza
boastful	kuzvirumbidza
boasting	kuzvirumbidza
boat	chikepe
boathouse	boathouse
boating	boating
boatload	boatload
boatman	boatman
bobbin	bobbin
bobcat	bobcat
bobsled	bobsled
bode	bode
bodega	bodega
bodice	bodice
bodily	mumuviri
body	muviri
bodyguard	murindi
bog	bog
bogey	bogey
bogeyman	bogeyman
bogus	rumbidzo
bohemian	bohemian
boil	vira
boiler	boiler
boilerplate	boilerplate
boiling	kubika
boisterous	kukakavara
bold	bold
boldness	ushingi
bollocks	bollocks
bolster	bolster
bolt	bolt
bolus	bolus
bomb	bhomba
bombard	bhomba
bombardier	bombardier
bombardment	kubhomba
bombed	bhomba
bomber	bhomba
bombers	mabhomba
bombing	bhomba
bombshell	bombshell
bonanza	bonanza
bonbon	NO TRANSLATION
bond	bond
bondage	varanda
bonding	bonding
bonds	zvisungo
bondsman	muranda
bone	bone
bonehead	bonehead
boner	boner
bones	mafupa
bonfire	bonfire
bong	bong
bonkers	bonkers
bonne	NO TRANSLATION
bonnet	bhotet
bonny	bonny
bonsai	bonsai
bonus	bhonasi
bony	bony
boo	boo
boob	boob
booby	booby
booger	booger
boogeyman	boogeyman
boogie	boogie
book	bhuku
bookcase	bookcase
bookie	bookie
booking	kubvisa
bookish	bookish
bookkeeper	bookkeeper
bookkeeping	bookkeeping
booklet	kabhuku
bookmaker	bookmaker
bookmark	bookmark
books	mabhuku
bookseller	bookseller
bookshop	bookshop
bookstore	bookstore
bookworm	bookworm
boom	boom
boomer	boomer
boomerang	boomerang
booming	booming
boon	boon
boooo	NO TRANSLATION
boost	kuwedzera
booster	booster
boot	boot
booth	bhokisi
bootleg	bootleg
bootlegger	bootlegger
boots	boots
booty	zvakapambwa
booze	booze
bop	bop
bopper	bopper
border	border
bordering	bordering
borderline	borderline
bore	bore
boreal	boreal
bored	bored
boredom	boredom
borer	borer
boring	boring
born	akaberekwa
boron	boron
borough	borough
borrow	Borrow
borrower	kukopa
bosom	chifuva
boss	bhosi
bossy	bossy
boston	boston
botanical	botanical
botanist	botanist
botany	botany
bother	bother
bothering	kunetsa
bottle	bhodhoro
bottleneck	bottleneck
bottling	bottling
bottom	pasi
bottomless	pasina
botulism	botulism
boulder	boulder
bounce	bounce
bouncer	bouncer
bouncy	bouncy
bound	akasungwa
boundary	muganhu
boundless	zvisingagumi
bounds	miganhu
bountiful	zvakawanda
bounty	bounty
bouquet	bouquet
bourbon	bourbon
bourgeois	bourgeois
bourgeoisie	bourgeoisie
bourse	bourse
bout	bout
boutique	boutique
bouttime	bouttime
bovine	bovine
bow	uta
bowed	akakotama
bowel	bowel
bowels	bowels
bowl	ndiro
bowler	bowler
bowling	Bowling
bowls	ndiro
box	bhokisi
boxcar	motokari
boxer	boxer
boxers	boxers
boxing	boxing
boy	mukomana
boycott	chengeta
boyfriend	mukomana
boyhood	boyhood
boyish	boyish
boysenberry	boysenberry
bozo	bozo
bra	bh
brace	brace
bracelet	bhokisi
braces	braces
brachial	brachial
bracket	bracket
brackets	mabheketi
brackish	brackish
brad	brad
brag	rumbidzai
braid	braid
brain	ubongo
brainless	brainless
brains	ubongo
brainstorm	fungisisa
brainwash	brainwash
brainy	brainy
brake	brake
bran	branh
branch	davi
branching	branching
brand	brand
brandy	brandy
brash	brash
brass	ndarira
brass knuckle	ndarira knuckle
brassiere	brassiere
brat	brat
bratwurst	bratwurst
bravado	bravado
brave	vakashinga
bravery	ushingi
brawl	kurwisana
brawn	brawn
brazen	bhuru
breach	kuputsa
bread	chingwa
breadth	yakafara
break	kuputsa
breakable	breakable
breakaway	breakaway
breakdown	kuputsika
breaker	breaker
breakers	breakers
breakfast	kambodzwa
breaking and entering	kuputsa nekupinda
breakingnews	breakingnews
breakneck	breakneck
breakthrough	kuputsa
breakup	kuparadzana
breast	chifuva
breath	kufema
breathe	fema
breather	breather
breathless	kufema
breathtaking	zvinoshamisa
breech	breech
breeches	breeches
breed	breed
breeder	breeder
breeding	kubereka
breeze	bhepo
breezy	breezy
brethren	hama
breve	NO TRANSLATION
brevity	brevity
brew	brew
brewery	brewery
brewing	brewing
briar	briar
bribe	chiokomuhomwe
bribery	chiokomuhomwe
brick	brick
bridal	bridal
bride	mwenga
bridegroom	chikomba
bridesmaid	chirikadzi
bridge	bhiriji
bridle	tomu
brief	muchidimbu
briefcase	briefcase
briefing	mhemberero
briefly	muchidimbu
brig	brig
brigade	brigade
bright	kupenya
brighten	kuchena
brightens	rinopenya
brighter	kujeka
brightness	kupenya
brilliance	kubwinya
brilliant	brilliant
brim	brim
brimming	brimming
brimstone	sarufa
brine	brine
bring	bring
brink	brink
brisk	brisk
brisket	brisket
bristle	bristle
brittle	brittle
bro	bro
broach	broach
broad	yakafara
broadcast	kuparadzirwa
broadcasting	kuparadzanisa
broaden	kuwedzera
broadside	kupararira
broadsword	broadsword
brocade	brocade
broccoli	broccoli
brochure	bhurocha
broil	broil
broke	rakaputsika
broken	broken
brokenheart	NO TRANSLATION
brokenhearted	vakaora mwoyo
broker	broker
brokerage	brokerage
bromide	bromide
bronco	bronco
bronze	bronze
brooch	brooch
brood	brood
brooding	brooding
brook	rukova
broom	broom
broomstick	broomstick
broth	muto
brothel	brothel
brother	hanzvadzi konama
brotherhood	hama
brotherly	hama
brow	brow
brown	bhurawuni
brownstone	brownstone
browse	browse
brrr	brrr
bruise	bruise
bruising	kupwanya
brunch	brunch
brunette	brunette
brunt	brunt
brush	brush
brutal	utsinye
brutality	utsinye
brute	brute
brutish	utsinye
bubble	bubble
bubbling	kuputika
bubbly	bubbly
bubonic	bubonic
buck	buck
buckaroo	buckaroo
bucket	bucket
buckle	buckle
buckled	buckled
bucko	bucko
buckshot	buckshot
buckwheat	buckwheat
bud	bud
buddha	buddha
buddhism	ChiBhudha
buddhist	Buddhist
budding	budding
buddy	shamwari
budge	budge
budget	bhajeti
buff	buff
buffalo	buffalo
buffer	buffer
buffering	buffering
buffet	buffet
buffoon	buffoon
bug	bug
bugaboo	bugaboo
bugged	bugged
bugger	bugger
buggy	buggy
bugle	bugle
bugler	bugler
build	kuvaka
builder	muvaki
building	kuvaka
buildings	zvivakwa
buildup	vaka
bulb	bulb
bulbous	bulbous
bulge	bulge
bulimic	bulimic
bulk	guru
bulkhead	bulkhead
bulky	bulky
bull	nzombe
bulldog	bulldog
bulldozer	bulldozer
bullet	bullet
bulletin	bulletin
bulletproof	bulletproof
bullfighter	bullfighter
bullfrog	bullfrog
bullheaded	nzombe
bullhorn	bullhorn
bullion	bullion
bullock	nzombe
bullpen	bullpen
bullshit	bullshit
bully	bully
bulwark	bulwark
bum	bum
bumblebee	bumblebee
bummed	bummed
bummer	bummer
bump	bump
bumper	bumper
bumpy	bumpy
bun	NO TRANSLATION
bunch	bunch
bundle	bundle
bungalow	bungalow
bungee	bungee
bunghole	bunghole
bunion	bunion
bunk	bunk
bunker	bunker
bunkhouse	bunkhouse
bunny	bunny
bunt	bunt
buoy	buoy
buoyancy	buoyancy
buoyant	buoyant
bur	bur
burden	mutoro
burdened	zvinorema
burdensome	zvinorema
bureau	Hofisi
bureaucracy	bureaucracy
bureaucrat	bureaucrat
bureaucratic	masimba ehurumende
burger	burger
burglar	burglar
burglary	kuburitsa
burial	kuvigwa
buried	akavigwa
burke	burke
burlap	burlap
burlesque	burlesque
burly	burly
burn	kupisa
burned	akapiswa
burner	burner
burning	kupisa
burnished	kupiswa
burnout	kupera simba
burnt	burned
burp	burp
burr	burr
burrito	burrito
burro	NO TRANSLATION
burrow	burrow
bursary	bhasari
burst	burst
bury	kuviga
bus	bhasi
busboy	busboy
bush	bwenzi
bushel	bushel
bushy	bushy
business	bhizinesi
business man	NO TRANSLATION
businessman	businessman
businesswoman	businesswoman
busload	busload
buss	buss
bust	kuputika
busted	busted
buster	buster
bustle	chinotyisa
bustling	kushamisika
busy	busy
busybody	busybody
butane	butane
butcher	butcher
butler	butler
butt	butt
butter	mafuta
buttercup	buttercup
butterfly	butterfly
buttermilk	buttermilk
butterscotch	butterscotch
buttery	buttery
buttock	bongo
buttocks	matako
button	bhatani
buttress	buttress
buxom	buxom
buy	buy
buyer	mutengi
buying	kutenga
buzz	buzz
buzzard	buzzard
buzzed	buzzed
buzzer	buzzer
buzzing	buzzing
bye	chisarai
bygone	yakaitika
bylaw	lawlaw
byline	inline
bypass	kupfuurira
bystander	muteereri
byte	byte
byzantine	byzantine
cab	cab
cabal	cabal
cabana	cabana
cabaret	cabaret
cabbage	cabbage
cabbie	cabbie
cabernet	cabernet
cabin	cabin
cabinet	cabinet
cable	cable
caboodle	caboodle
caboose	caboose
cabriolet	cabriolet
cache	cache
cacophony	cacophony
cactus	cactus
cad	cad
cadaver	cadaver
caddie	NO TRANSLATION
caddy	caddy
cadence	cadence
cadet	cadet
cafe	cafe
cafeteria	cafeteria
caffeine	caffeine
cage	cage
cagey	cagey
cahoots	cahoots
cairn	cairn
cake	cake
cakewalk	cakewalk
calamari	calamari
calamitous	dambudziko
calamity	dambudziko
calcareous	calcareous
calcium	calcium
calculate	kuverenga
calculated	akaverengwa
calculating	kuverenga
calculation	kuverenga
calculator	calculator
calculus	calculus
calendar	kalendari
calender	NO TRANSLATION
calf	mhuru
caliber	caliber
calibrate	calibrate
calico	calico
calipers	vanyori
calisthenics	calisthenics
call	kudana
callback	callback
caller	caller
calligraphy	calligraphy
calling	kudana
callous	inotyisa
calls	kudana
calm	nyarara
calming	kunyaradza
calmness	kudzikama
caloric	caloric
calorie	calorie
calorimeter	calorimeter
cam	cam
camaraderie	camaraderie
camber	camber
camcorder	camcorder
camel	ngamera
cameo	cameo
camera	camera
cameraman	cameraman
camisole	camisole
camouflage	camouflage
camouflaged	NO TRANSLATION
camp	musasa
campaign	kurwisa
campaigner	muparidzi
campaigning	kuparidzira
camper	camper
campfire	moto wemusasa
camping	vakadzika musasa
campsite	makambi
campus	campus
can	anogona
can opener	inogona kuvhura
canal	canal
canary	canary
cancel	kanzura
canceling	canceling
cancellation	cancellation
cancer	kenza
candid	candid
candidacy	candidacy
candidate	candidate
candied	candied
candle	kenduru
candlelight	candlelight
candles	makandulo
candlestick	chigadziko
candor	candor
candy	candy
cane	tsanga
canine	canine
canister	canister
canker	canker
cannabis	cannabis
canned	makinheni
cannibal	cannibal
cannibalism	kurwisa
canning	canning
cannon	cannon
cannonball	cannonball
canoe	ngarava
canon	canon
canonical	canonical
canons	canons
canopy	canopy
cantaloupe	cantaloupe
cantbreathe	NO TRANSLATION
canteen	canteen
canterbury	canterbury
canthandleit	NO TRANSLATION
cantilever	cantilever
cantina	cantina
canto	NO TRANSLATION
canton	canton
cantstandit	NO TRANSLATION
cantwin	cantwin
canvas	canvas
canvass	NO TRANSLATION
canyon	canyon
cap	cap
capability	simba
capable	anokwanisa
capacity	simba
cape	cape
caper	caper
capillary	capillary
capital	guta guru
capitalism	capitalist
capitalist	capitalist
capitalize	capitalize
capitals	capitals
capitation	capitation
capitol	capitol
capitulation	capitulation
cappuccino	cappuccino
caprice	caprice
capricious	capricious
caps	caps
capslock	capslock
capsule	capsule
captain	mukuru
caption	caption
captivate	captivate
captivating	kufadza
captive	vakatapwa
captivity	kutapwa
captor	captor
capture	capture
car	motokari
caramel	caramel
carat	carat
caravan	caravan
carbon	carbon
carburetor	carburetor
carcass	chitunha
carcinoma	carcinoma
card	kadhi
cardboard	cardboard
cardiac	mwoyo
cardigan	cardigan
cardinal	cardinal
cardiologist	cardiologist
cardiology	cardiology
cardiomyopathy	cardiomyopathy
cards	makadhi
care	kutarisira
career	basa
carefree	carefree
careful	chenjerera
carefully	zvakanyatsonaka
careless	vasina hanya
carelessness	kusava nehanya
caress	caress
caret	caret
caretaker	caretaker
cargo	cargo
caribou	caribou
caricature	caricature
caries	caries
caring	kutarisira
carjack	carjack
carnage	kuuraya
carnal	zvenyama
carnation	carnation
carnival	carnival
carnivorous	carnivorous
carol	carol
carols	carols
carousel	carousel
carp	carp
carpal	carpal
carpenter	muvezi
carpentry	kuveza
carpet	carpet
carpeting	carpeting
carpool	carpool
carriage	ngoro
carried	akatakura
carrier	mutakuri
carrot	karoti
carry	carry
carrying	kutakura
carsick	carsick
cart	ngoro
carte	NO TRANSLATION
cartel	cartel
carter	carter
cartilage	cartilage
cartographic	cartographic
cartography	cartography
carton	carton
cartoon	cartoon
cartouche	NO TRANSLATION
cartridge	cartridge
carve	carve
carver	carver
carving	kuveza
cascade	chika
case	case
casein	casein
cash	mari
cashier	cashier
cashmere	cashmere
casing	casing
casino	casino
cask	cask
casket	casket
casserole	casserole
cassette	kaseti
cast	cast
castaway	castaway
caste	caste
caster	caster
castle	castle
castor	castor
castrate	castrate
castration	castration
casual	zvisizvo
casually	zvisizvo
casualty	kuurayiwa
cat	cat
catabolism	catabolism
catalog	catalog
catalogue	catalog
catalysis	catalysis
catalyst	chinokonzera
catalytic	chinokonzera
catamaran	catamaran
catapult	catapult
cataract	cataract
catastrophe	catastrophe
catastrophic	njodzi
catatonic	catatonic
catch	catch
catcher	catcher
catching	kubata
catchphrase	catchphrase
catchy	catchy
catechism	Katekisimu
categorical	categorical
category	chikamu
cater	cater
caterer	caterer
caterpillar	caterpillar
cates	cates
catfish	catfish
cathartic	cathartic
cathedral	cathedral
catheter	catheter
catholic	catholic
cathouse	cathouse
catnip	catnip
cattle	mombe
catwalk	catwalk
caucus	caucus
caudal	caudal
cauldron	cauldron
cauliflower	cauliflower
caulk	caulk
causal	causal
causality	causality
causation	causation
cause	chikonzero
caused	chinokonzerwa
causeway	dzira
caution	chenjedzo
cautionary	caution
cautious	chenjerera
cautiously	chenjera
cavalier	cavalier
cavalry	vatasvi vemabhiza
cave	pako
caveat	caveat
caveman	caveman
cavern	cavern
cavernous	cavernous
caviar	caviar
caving	caving
cavity	cavity
cayenne	cayenne
cease	rega
ceasefire	stopfire
ceaseless	ceaseless
cedar	misedhari
cede	cede
ceiling	dari
celebrant	kupemberera
celebrate	chengetedza
celebrated	kupembererwa
celebrating	kupemberera
celebration	kupemberera
celebrations	mhemberero
celebratory	kupemberera
celebrity	celebrity
celery	celery
celestial	kudenga
celibacy	celibacy
celibate	celibate
cell	sero
cellar	cellar
cellblock	cellblock
cellist	cellist
cellmate	kushandiswa
cello	cello
cellophane	cellophane
cellular	cellular
cellulite	cellulite
celluloid	celluloid
cement	simenti
cemented	cemented
cemetery	kumakuva
censor	censor
censorship	censorship
censure	kutsoropodza
census	kuverenga
cent	zana
centenary	centenary
centennial	centennial
center	pakati
centerfold	centerfold
centerpiece	centerpiece
centimeter	centimita
centipede	centipede
central	central
centrality	centrality
centralization	centralization
centralize	centralize
centrally	centrally
centrifugal	centrifugal
centrifuge	centrifuge
centurion	centurion
century	zana remakore
ceramic	ceramic
ceramics	ceramics
cereal	cereal
cereals	zviyo
cerebral	cerebral
ceremonial	mhemberero
ceremony	mhemberero
certain	certain
certainty	chokwadi
certifiable	chinogamuchirika
certificate	certificate
certified	vimbiso
certify	certify
cervical	cervical
cervix	chirevix
cess	cess
cessation	cessation
cesspool	cesspool
cha cha	NO TRANSLATION
chaff	makungu
chafing	chafing
chagrin	chagrin
chagrined	zvigumburwa
chai	chai
chain	chain
chainsaw	chainsaw
chair	chair
chairman	chairman
chairperson	sachigaro
chairwoman	chairwoman
chaise	chaise
chalet	chalet
chalice	chalice
chalk	choko
challenge	dambudziko
challenger	mupikisi
chamber	chamber
chambermaid	chambermaid
chambers	makamuri
chameleon	chameleon
champ	champ
champagne	champagne
champion	champion
championship	championship
chance	chingaitika
chancellor	chancellor
chandelier	chandelier
chandler	chandler
change	change
changeable	chinogona kuchinja
changed	shanduka
changer	shandura
changing	changing
channel	channel
chant	chant
chaos	chaos
chaotic	chaotic
chap	chap
chapel	chapel
chaperon	chaperon
chaplain	mufundisi
chapman	chapman
chaps	chaps
chapter	chitsauko
char	char
character	character
characteristic	unhu
characterize	inoratidza
charade	charade
charcoal	marasha
chardonnay	chardonnay
charge	charge
chargeable	kukanganisa
charger	chaja
chariot	ngoro
charisma	charisma
charismatic	charismatic
charitable	charitable
charity	charity
charlatan	charlatan
charm	charm
charmed	charmed
charmer	charmer
charming	kufadza
charred	charred
chart	chati
charter	charter
chartered	rakarongwa
chase	tsvaka
chased	kudzingwa
chaser	chaser
chasm	chasm
chassis	chassis
chaste	wakachena
chastened	kurangwa
chastisement	kuranga
chastity	kuchena
chat	taura
chateau	chateau
chatter	chatter
chatterbox	chatterbox
chattering	chattering
chatty	chatty
chauffeur	chauffeur
chauvinist	chauvinist
cheap	cheap
cheapened	cheapened
cheapskate	cheapskate
cheat	cheat
cheater	cheater
check	chengetedza
checkbook	checkbook
checker	checker
checkered	checkered
checkers	checkers
checklist	checklist
checkmate	checkmate
checkout	buda
checkpoint	checkpoint
checkup	checkup
cheek	cheek
cheeks	cheeks
cheeky	cheeky
cheep	cheep
cheer	cheer
cheered	akafara
cheerful	vanofara
cheerfulness	kufara
cheering	cheering
cheerleader	cheerleader
cheerleading	cheerleading
cheerless	cheerless
cheers	Mufaro
cheery	cheery
cheese	cheese
cheeseburger	cheeseburger
cheesecake	cheesecake
cheesy	cheesy
cheetah	cheetah
chef	chef
chemical	makemikari
chemise	NO TRANSLATION
chemist	chemistist
chemistry	chemistry
chemo	chemo
chemotherapy	chemotherapy
cheque	chengetedza
cherish	cherish
cherishing	cherishing
cherry	cherry
cherub	kerubhi
chess	chess
chest	chifuva
chestnut	chestnut
chevron	chevron
chew	chew
chewy	chewy
chic	chic
chicane	chicane
chick	chick
chicken	chicken
chicken pox	chikeni pokisi
chickenpox	chikeni pokisi
chief	chief
chiefly	chiefly
chieftain	jinda
chiffon	chiffon
child	mwana
childbirth	kubereka
childhood	ubwana
childish	childish
childless	childless
childlike	childlike
childloss	NO TRANSLATION
children	vana
chili	chili
chill	chill
chilled	chilled
chilling	chilling
chilly	chilly
chime	chime
chimera	chimera
chimes	chimes
chimney	chimney
chimp	chimp
chimpanzee	chimpanzee
chin	chin
china	china
chinchilla	chinchilla
chine	NO TRANSLATION
chinook	chinook
chip	Chip
chipmunk	chipmunk
chipper	chipper
chipping	chipping
chiropractor	chiropractor
chirp	chirp
chirping	chirping
chisel	chisel
chiseler	chiseler
chit	chit
chitchat	chitchat
chivalry	chivalry
chloride	chloride
chlorine	chlorine
chloroform	chloroform
chocolate	chocolate
choice	chisarudzo
choir	choir
choke	choke
cholera	cholera
cholesterol	cholesterol
choose	sarudza
choosing	kusarudza
choosy	choosy
chop	chop
chopper	chopper
choppers	choppers
chopping	chopping
chops	chops
choral	choral
chord	chord
chords	chords
chore	chore
choreographer	choreographer
choreography	choreography
chorus	chorus
chosen	akasarudzwa
chow	chow
chowder	chowder
christ	christ
christen	NO TRANSLATION
christening	christening
christian	christian
christmas	Kisimusi
christmasbreak	NO TRANSLATION
christmaseve	NO TRANSLATION
christmasspirit	NO TRANSLATION
christmassy	chrismassy
christmastime	christmastime
chromatic	chromatic
chromatography	chromatography
chrome	chrome
chromium	chromium
chromosome	chromosome
chronic	chronic
chronicle	chinyorwa
chronograph	chronograph
chronological	chronological
chubby	chubby
chuck	chuck
chuckle	chuckle
chug	chug
chum	chum
chummy	chummy
chump	chump
chunk	chunk
chunky	chunky
church	chechi
churchyard	churchyard
churn	churn
chute	chute
chutney	chutney
ciao	ciao
cider	cider
cigar	cigar
cigarette	fodya
cilantro	cilantro
cinch	cinch
cinder	cinder
cinema	cinema
cinematic	cinematic
cinematographer	cinematographer
cinematography	cinematography
cinnamon	sinamoni
cipher	cipher
circle	denderedzwa
circling	circling
circuit	dunhu
circuitry	circuitry
circular	circular
circulate	paridza
circulation	circulation
circulatory	circulatory
circumcision	kudzingiswa
circumference	circumference
circumferential	circumferential
circumscribed	circumscribed
circumstance	mamiriro ezvinhu
circumstances	mamiriro ezvinhu
circumstantial	circumstantial
circumvent	kudzivisa
circumvention	circumvention
circus	circus
cirque	cirque
cirrhosis	cirrhosis
cirrus	cirrus
cistern	tangi
citadel	citadel
citation	citation
cite	cite
citizen	citizen
citizenship	hukama
citrine	citrine
citrus	citrus
city	guta
citywide	guta rose
civic	civic
civics	civics
civil	civil
civilian	civic
civilians	civilians
civility	civility
civilization	hupfumi
civilized	rakabudirira
clad	clad
claim	kudai
claimant	mutauriri
clairvoyant	clairvoyant
clam	clam
clambake	clambake
clammy	clammy
clamor	kupopota
clamp	clamp
clan	mhuri
clandestine	clandestine
clang	clang
clap	clap
clapper	clapper
clapping	clapping
clarification	kutsanangurwa
clarify	tsanangura
clarinet	clarinet
clarion	clarion
clarity	zvakajeka
clash	kupesana
clashing	clashing
clasp	clasp
class	kirasi
classic	classic
classic rock	classic rock
classical	classical
classics	classic
classification	classification
classified	classified
classify	classify
classmate	classmate
classroom	classroom
classy	classy
clatter	clatter
clause	clause
clauses	zvikamu
claustrophobia	claustrophobia
claustrophobic	claustrophobic
clavicle	clavicle
claw	claw
claws	claws
clay	ivhu
clean	clean
cleaner	cleaner
cleaning	kuchenesa
cleanliness	utsanana
cleanly	zvakachena
cleanse	tsvina
cleanser	cleanser
cleansing	kuchenesa
cleanup	tsvaira
clear	zvakajeka
clearance	chibvumirano
clearing	clearing
clearness	kuchena
cleat	cleat
cleavage	cleavage
cleave	chena
cleaver	NO TRANSLATION
clef	clef
cleft	cleft
clemency	kukanganisa
clench	clench
clergy	vafundisi
clergyman	mufundisi
cleric	mufundisi
clerical	clerical
clerk	mabharani
clerkship	vanyori
clever	akachenjera
cleverness	kuchenjera
click	click
clicker	clicker
client	mutengi
clientele	clientele
cliff	dombo
climate	mamiriro okunze
climatology	climmatology
climax	chinogumira
climb	kukwira
climber	climber
clinch	kliniki
cling	kunamatira
clingy	clingy
clinic	kliniki
clinical	kuchipatara
clink	clink
clip	clip
clipboard	clipboard
clipper	clipper
clipping	kudonha
clique	NO TRANSLATION
clitoris	clitoris
cloak	cloak
cloaking	cloaking
cloakroom	cloakroom
clobber	clobber
clock	clock
clockwork	clockwork
clod	clod
clog	clog
cloister	cloister
clone	clone
cloning	cloning
close	pedyo
closed	yakavharwa
closeness	kuswedera pedyo
closet	closet
closure	kuvhara
clot	clot
cloth	jira
clothe	pfeka
clothes	nguo
clothesline	clothingline
clothing	nguo
cloud	gore
clouded	fouded
cloudiness	cloudiness
clouds	clouds
cloudy	cloudy
clout	funga
clove	clove
clover	clover
cloves	clove
clown	clown
clowns	clowns
club	chikwata
clubhouse	clubhouse
clubs	makirabhu
cluck	cluck
clue	clue
clueless	clueless
clump	clump
clumsy	clumsy
clunk	svetuka
cluster	cluster
clutch	clutch
clutches	clutches
clutter	clutter
coach	coach
coachman	coachman
coagulation	coagulation
coal	makala
coalesce	coalesce
coalition	coalition
coarse	coarse
coast	coast
coastal	gungwa
coaster	coaster
coastline	coastline
coat	jasi
coating	kupfeka
coax	coax
cobalt	cobalt
cobble	cobble
cobbler	cobbler
cobra	cobra
cocaine	cocaine
cock	jongwe
cockamamie	cockamamie
cockeyed	cockeyed
cockpit	cockpit
cockroach	jongwe
cocksucker	cocksucker
cocktail	cocktail
cocky	cocky
cocoa	cocoa
coconut	kokonati
cocoon	cocoon
cod	cod
code	code
codeine	codeine
codex	codex
codfish	codfish
codification	codification
codify	codify
coding	coding
coed	coed
coefficient	coefficient
coerce	vamanikidza
coercion	kumanikidza
coercive	coercive
coexist	coexist
coexistence	coexistence
coexisting	coexisting
coffee	coffee
coffee table	tafura yekhofi
coffeehouse	coffeehouse
coffeepot	coffeepot
coffin	bofu
cog	cog
cogent	cogent
cognac	cognac
cognate	cognate
cognition	cognition
cognitive	kunzwisisa
cohabitation	cohabitation
coherence	kubatana
coherent	coherent
cohesion	kubatana
cohesive	cohesive
cohort	cohort
coil	coil
coiled	coiled
coin	mari
coinage	mari
coincide	pamwe
coincidence	zvisingaiti
coincident	hazvina kufanira
coincidental	zvisingaiti
coinciding	coinciding
coke	coke
cola	cola
cold	kutonhora
coldly	coldly
coldness	coldness
coldsweat	NO TRANSLATION
coleslaw	coleslaw
colic	colic
coliseum	coliseum
collaborate	shingaira
collaboration	kubatana
collaborator	mushandi
collage	collage
collagen	collagen
collapse	collapse
collar	collar
collarbone	collarbone
collate	collate
collateral	collateral
collation	collation
colleague	Shamwari
collect	kuunganidza
collected	akaunganidza
collection	kukohwa
collective	pamwe
collectively	pamwe chete
collector	muunganidzi
college	college
collegiate	kudzidzisa
collide	collide
collie	collie
collision	kupesana
collocation	collocation
colloquial	colloquial
collusion	collusion
cologne	cologne
colon	colon
colonel	colonel
colonial	colonial
colonic	colonic
colonoscopy	colonoscopy
colony	coloni
colophon	colophon
color	ruvara
coloration	coloration
colored	mavara
colorful	colorful
coloring	coloring
colorless	colorless
colors	mavara
colossal	colossal
colt	mwana
columbine	columbine
column	column
columnar	columnar
columnist	munyori wenyori
com	NO TRANSLATION
coma	coma
comatose	kuwirirana
comb	muzinga
combat	kurwisana
combatant	murwi
combative	combative
combination	kusanganiswa
combinatorial	combinatorial
combine	combine
combined	kusanganiswa
combo	combo
combustible	inopisa
combustion	kupisa
come	uyai
comeback	dzoka
comedian	comedian
comedy	comedy
comet	comet
comfort	nyaradzo
comfortable	akasununguka
comforter	Munyaradzi
comforting	kunyaradza
comfy	fadza
comic	comic
comical	comical
comics	comics
coming	kuuya
comma	comma
command	command
commandant	mutungamiri
commandeer	commander
commander	mutungamiriri
commanding	commanding
commandment	murairo
commando	commando
commemorate	chiyeuchidzo
commemoration	chiyeuchidzo
commemorative	chiyeuchidzo
commence	kutanga
commend	rumbidzai
commendable	zvinorumbidzwa
commendation	kurumbidzwa
commensurate	commensurate
comment	comment
commentary	commentary
commentator	commentator
commerce	commerce
commercial	commercial
commie	commie
commissary	commissary
commission	commission
commissioner	commissioner
commit	commit
commitment	kuzvipira
committal	committal
committed	akazvipira
committee	komiti
commodity	commodity
commodore	commodore
common	zvakajairika
commoner	commoner
commonly	kazhinji
commonplace	kazhinji
commons	commons
commonwealth	commonwealth
commotion	mheremhere
communal	communal
commune	commune
communicable	inogona kutaura
communicate	kukurukura
communication	kukurukurirana
communicative	kukurukurirana
communicator	communicator
communion	kugungano
communism	communism
communist	communist
community	mharaunda
commutation	switching
commutative	kuchinja
commute	commute
commuter	mutenger
comp	comp
compact	compact
compaction	compaction
compactness	compactness
companion	shamwari
companionless	shamwari isina
companionship	shamwari
company	kambani
comparable	comparable
comparative	kuenzanisa
comparatively	zvakaenzaniswa
compare	enzanisa
comparison	kuenzanisa
compartment	compartment
compass	kambasi
compassion	tsitsi
compassionate	tsitsi
compatibility	kuenderana
compatible	inoenderana
compel	kumanikidzira
compelled	kumanikidzirwa
compelling	kumanikidza
compendium	compendium
compensate	kuripa
compensation	mubhadharo
compensatory	kubhadhara
compete	kukwikwidza
competence	competence
competency	competency
competent	competent
competition	makwikwi
competitive	kukwikwidzana
competitor	competitor
compilation	kuunganidza
compile	nyora
complacency	kunyunyuta
complacent	kunyarara
complain	kunyunyuta
complaint	kunyunyuta
complement	kuwirirana
complementary	complementary
complete	complete
completed	yapera
completely	zvakakwana
completeness	kukwana
completing	kugumisa
completion	kuguma
complex	yakaoma
complexed	yakaoma
complexion	ruvara
complexity	kunetsa
compliance	kutevera
compliant	zvinogamuchirika
complicate	complicate
complicated	zvakaoma
complication	complication
complicity	kubatana
compliment	NO TRANSLATION
complimentary	complimentary
comply	teerera
complying	kutevedzera
compo	compo
component	chikamu
compose	kunyora
composed	rakanyorwa
composer	munyori
composite	composite
composition	kuumbwa
compost	compost
composure	kunyunyuta
compound	compound
comprehend	kunzwisisa
comprehension	kunzwisisa
comprehensive	yakazara
compress	compress
compressed	rakamanikidzwa
compressible	zvinonzwisisika
compression	compression
compressor	compressor
comprise	comprise
compromise	compromise
comptroller	comptroller
compulsion	kumanikidzirwa
compulsive	kubvumira
compulsory	zvinomanikidzirwa
computable	inogadziriswa
computation	kuverenga
compute	compute
computer	kombiyuta
computerized	computerized
computing	computing
comrade	shamwari
con	NO TRANSLATION
concatenation	concatenation
concave	concave
conceal	conceal
concealed	zvakavanzika
concealment	kuvanza
concede	concede
conceit	kuzvikudza
conceited	kuzvikudza
conceivable	chinogoneka
conceive	conceive
concentrate	concentrate
concentration	concentration
concentric	concentric
concept	pfungwa
conception	pamuviri
concern	kunetseka
concerned	kunetseka
concert	kontikiti
concerto	concerto
concession	kutenderwa
concessional	concessional
conch	conch
concierge	concierge
conciliation	conciliation
concise	concise
conclave	conclave
conclude	anopedzisa
concluding	kugumisa
conclusion	kugumisa
conclusive	kugumisa
concoction	concoction
concomitant	concomit
concord	concord
concordance	concordance
concours	NO TRANSLATION
concourse	concourse
concrete	concrete
concubine	murongo
concur	concur
concurrence	kubvumirana
concurrent	nguva imwe chete
concurring	concurring
concussion	kugadzirisa
condemn	rinoshora
condemnation	kupiwa mhosva
condensation	condensation
condensed	inoderedzwa
condescending	kuzvidzora
condescension	condescension
condiment	condiment
condition	mamiriro ezvinhu
conditional	conditional
conditionally	mamiriro ezvinhu
conditioned	chimiro
conditioner	conditioner
conditioning	conditioning
conditions	mamiriro ezvinhu
condo	condo
condolence	kunyaradza
condolences	kunyaradza
condom	kondomu
condone	tendera
condor	condor
conducive	inobatsira
conduct	mufambiro
conduction	conduction
conductivity	conductivity
conductor	conductor
conduit	conduit
cone	cone
confederacy	kubatana
confederate	akabatana
confederation	confederation
confer	taura
conference	musangano
confess	vhura
confession	kureurura
confessional	confessional
confessions	zvipupuriro
confetti	confetti
confidant	chivimbo
confide	taura
confidence	chivimbo
confident	chivimbo
confidential	chakavanzika
confidentiality	zvakavanzika
confidentially	NO TRANSLATION
configuration	configuration
confine	confine
confined	akavharirwa
confinement	kuvharirwa
confines	inodzivirira
confirm	simbisa
confirmation	chisimbiso
confirmatory	confirmatory
confirmed	zvakasimbiswa
confiscate	kutora
confiscation	kutorwa
conflagration	kupisa
conflict	kukakavara
conflicting	zvinopesana
confluence	confluence
conform	kufanana
conformance	conformance
conformation	NO TRANSLATION
conformity	conformity
confound	kuvhiringidzika
confounded	kunyadziswa
confront	kurwisa
confrontation	kurwisana
confuse	confused
confused	kuvhiringidzwa
confusing	kuvhiringidza
confusion	kuvhiringidzika
conga	conga
congenial	congenial
congenital	congenital
congestion	kusanganiswa
conglomerate	conglomerate
conglomeration	conglomeration
congrats	congrats
congratulate	kukwazisa
congratulation	congratulation
congratulations	makorokoto
congratulatory	kufadza
congregate	congregate
congregation	ungano
congress	congress
congressional	congressional
congressman	congressman
congruence	congruence
conic	conic
conical	conical
conjecture	conjecture
conjugal	conjugal
conjugate	conjugate
conjugation	conjugation
conjunction	conjunction
conjunctive	conjunctive
conjure	conjure
conjuring	conjuring
conk	conk
connect	connect
connected	akabatanidzwa
connection	hukama
connective	connective
connoisseur	connoisseur
conquer	kukunda
conquering	kukunda
conqueror	kukunda
conquest	kukunda
conscience	hana
conscientious	nehanya
conscious	conscious
consciousness	pfungwa
conscription	kubvumirana
consecrated	vakatsaurirwa
consecration	kuzvipira
consecutive	zvinotevera
consensual	consensual
consensus	kubvumirana
consent	consent
consenting	kubvuma
consequence	mugumisiro
consequent	chikonzero
conservation	kuchengetedza
conservatism	conservatism
conservative	rakachengetedza
conservatory	kuchengetedza
conserve	chengeta
consider	funga
considerable	zvikuru
considerate	kufunga
consideration	kufunga
consignee	consignee
consignment	consignment
consist	consist
consistency	kusagadzikana
consistent	nguva dzose
consolation	consolation
console	console
consoled	kunyaradzwa
consolidate	consolidate
consolidated	consolidated
consolidation	consolidation
consonant	consonant
consort	consort
conspicuous	zvakajeka
conspiracy	conspiracy
conspirator	conspirator
conspire	conspire
constable	Constable
constancy	nguva dzose
constant	nguva dzose
constantly	nguva dzose
constellation	boka renyeredzi
consternation	consternation
constipation	kuvimbiswa
constituency	constituency
constituent	constituent
constituents	zvikamu
constitute	constitute
constitution	constitution
constitutional	constitutional
constitutionality	constitutionality
constrain	kumanikidza
constrained	vakamanikidzwa
constraint	chisungo
construct	kuvaka
construction	kuvaka
constructive	inovaka
construe	construe
consul	consul
consulate	consulate
consult	bvunza
consultant	consultant
consultation	kubvunzana
consume	inodya
consumer	mutengi
consuming	kudya
consummate	kudya
consummation	kupedza
consumption	kushandiswa
contact	taura
contagion	kuparadzirwa
contagious	anoparadzira
contain	contain
container	mudziyo
containment	containment
contaminate	tsvina
contaminated	zvakasvibiswa
contamination	kusvibiswa
contemplate	fungisisa
contemplation	kufungisisa
contemplative	kufungisisa
contemporaneous	nguva
contemporary	contemporary
contempt	kunyadziswa
contemptible	kunyangadza
contemptuous	kunyengera
contend	kurwisana
contender	contender
contending	kurwisana
content	content
contented	contented
contention	kukakavara
contentious	kukakavara
contentment	contentment
contents	zviri mukati
contest	makwikwi
contestant	kukwikwidza
context	chinyorwa
contiguous	contiguous
continence	continence
continent	continent
continental	continental
contingency	contingency
contingent	contingent
continual	continual
continually	nguva dzose
continuance	kuramba
continuation	kupfuurira
continue	pfuurira
continued	akaenderera mberi
continuing	achienderera mberi
continuity	kuramba
continuous	zvinoramba zvichiitika
continuously	nguva dzose
continuum	continuum
contour	contour
contraband	contraband
contraception	kubata pamuviri
contract	chibvumirano
contracted	chibvumirano
contractile	contractile
contracting	chibvumirano
contraction	kupesana
contractor	kontrakta
contradict	zvinopesana
contradiction	kupesana
contradictory	zvinopesana
contraption	contraption
contrary	zvinopesana
contrast	kusiyana
contrasted	contrasted
contravene	zvinopesana
contravention	kupesana
contribute	inopa
contribution	mupiro
contributor	kupa
contrite	kuora mwoyo
contrition	kuvimba
contrived	rakagadzirwa
control	kudzora
controller	controller
controlling	controling
controversial	kukakavara
controversy	kupokana
contusion	contusion
conundrum	conundrum
convalescent	convalescent
convection	convection
convene	convene
convenience	nyore
conveniences	conveniences
convenient	zviri nyore
convent	convent
convention	kokorodzano
conventional	inowanikwa
converge	converge
convergence	convergence
convergent	convergent
conversant	kukurukura
conversation	kukurukurirana
conversational	kukurukurirana
conversationalist	conversationalist
converse	convers
conversing	kukurukura
conversion	kutendeuka
convert	convert
converted	kutendeuka
convertible	convertible
convex	convex
convexity	convexity
convey	convey
conveyance	conveyance
conveyancing	conveyancing
convict	anopomera
conviction	conviction
convince	kugutsa
convinced	kugutsikana
convincing	inogutsa
convocation	musangano
convoluted	convoluted
convolution	convolution
convoy	convoy
coo	coo
cook	cook
cookbook	cookbook
cooker	cooker
cookery	cookery
cookie	cookie
cookies	cookies
cooking	kubika
cookout	cookout
cool	kutonhora
coolant	coolant
cooler	cooler
cooling	kunonoka
coolness	kuchena
coon	coon
coop	coop
cooperate	kubatana
cooperating	kubatana
cooperation	kubatana
cooperative	kubatana
coordinate	kuratidzira
coordination	kubatana
coordinator	mutungamiri
cop	cop
copacetic	NO TRANSLATION
cope	kutsungirira
copier	kopier
copilot	copilot
coping	kutsungirira
copious	zvinyorwa
copper	mhangura
copter	copter
copy	kopi
copycat	copycat
copying	kunyora
copyright	copyright
coral	coral
coral snake	coral nyoka
cord	cord
cordial	cordial
cordless	cordless
cordon	cordon
corduroy	corduroy
core	core
cork	cork
corkscrew	corkscrew
corn	chibage
cornball	cornball
cornbread	cornbread
cornea	cornea
corned	corned
corner	corner
cornerstone	cornerstone
cornet	cornet
cornfield	cornfield
cornflakes	NO TRANSLATION
cornice	cornice
cornstarch	cornstarch
corny	corny
corollary	corollary
corona	corona
coronary	coronary
coronation	coronation
coroner	coroner
corporal	corporal
corporate	kushamwaridzana
corporation	corporation
corporeal	corporeal
corps	zvitunha
corpse	chitunha
corpsman	bodyman
corpus	corpus
corral	corral
correct	kururamisa
correction	kururamisa
correctional	kururamisa
corrective	kururamisa
correctness	kururamisa
correlation	correlation
correlative	correlative
correspond	nyora
correspondence	tsamba
correspondent	munyori
corresponding	inowirirana
corridor	corridor
corroborate	kutsigira
corroboration	corroboration
corrosion	kupisa
corrosive	kuparadza
corrupt	kuora
corrupting	kuodza
corruption	uori
corsage	corsage
corse	NO TRANSLATION
corset	corset
cortex	cortex
cortical	cortical
cortisone	cortisone
corvette	corvette
cosmetic	zvipfeko
cosmetics	cosmetics
cosmic	cosmic
cosmology	cosmology
cosmopolitan	cosmopolitan
cosmos	cosmos
cost	mari
costly	inodhura
costume	costume
cosy	cozy
cot	cot
cote	cote
cottage	cottage
cotton	cotton
couch	couch
cougar	cougar
cough	kukosora
council	kereke
councilman	councilman
counsel	zano
counseling	kupa zano
counsellor	mupi wezano
counselor	mupi wezano
count	count
countdown	countdown
countenance	chiso
counter	counter
counteract	kurwisa
counterattack	counterattack
counterbalance	counterbalance
counterclaim	counterclaim
counterfeit	kunyengedza
counterpart	counterpart
counterpoint	counterpoint
countess	countess
countless	zvisingaverengwi
country	nyika
countryman	countryman
countrymusic	NO TRANSLATION
countryside	kumaruwa
counts	kuverenga
county	county
coup	coup
coupe	coupe
couple	vakaroorana
coupled	coupled
coupling	coupling
coupon	coupon
courage	ushingi
courageous	ushingi
courier	courier
courses	zvidzidzo
coursing	coursing
court	dare
courteous	ruremekedzo
courtesy	ruremekedzo
courthouse	courthouse
courtroom	courtroom
courts	matare
courtship	kusangana
courtside	courtside
courtyard	courtyard
cousin	muzukuru
cousins	vazukuru
cove	cove
coven	chivako
covenant	sungano
cover	chivharo
coverage	kugoverwa
covered	akafukidzwa
covering	kufukidza
covert	covert
covet	kuchiva
coveted	kuchiva
cow	cow
coward	coward
cowardice	cowardice
cowardly	kutya
cowboy	cowboy
cowgirl	cowgirl
cowhand	cowhand
cowhide	cowhide
cowl	cowl
coworker	mushandi pamwe naye
coy	coy
coyote	coyote
cozy	cozy
crab	crab
crabby	crabby
crack	crack
cracked	kuputsika
cracker	cracker
crackerjack	crackerjack
cracking	kukanganisa
crackle	crackle
crackpot	crackpot
cradle	chivako
craft	mhizha
crafts	mhizha
craftsman	mhizha
craftsmanship	unyanzvi
crafty	mano
craig	craig
cram	cram
crammed	chikwata
cramp	cramp
cramped	akadzika
cranberry	cranberry
cranberry juice	cranberry juice
crane	crane
cranial	cranial
cranium	cranium
crank	crank
cranky	cranky
cranny	cranny
crap	crap
crappy	crappy
craps	craps
crash	kuparara
crass	crass
crate	kateti
crater	crater
crave	chido
craving	chido
crawfish	crawfish
crawl	famba
crayon	crayoni
crayons	crayons
craze	craze
crazed	crazed
craziness	upenzi
crazy	crazy
creak	creak
creaking	creaking
cream	kirimu
creamed	creamed
creamer	creamer
creamy	rakanaka
crease	crease
create	denga
creation	zvisikwa
creative	kuumba
creativity	creativity
creator	muumbi
creature	zvisikwa
credence	kubvuma
credential	credential
credentials	zvidzidzo
credibility	kutendeseka
credible	chokwadi
credit	chikwereti
credit card	kadhi rechikwereti
creditable	creditable
credited	credited
crediting	crediting
creditor	chikwereti
creed	chitendero
creek	creek
creep	creep
creeper	creeper
creeping	creeping
creepy	chinotyisa
cremation	kupisa
creole	creole
crepe	crepe
crescendo	crescendo
crescent	crescent
crest	crest
crestfallen	crestfallen
cretin	cretin
cretins	cretins
crevice	crevice
crew	crew
crewman	crewman
crib	crib
cricket	cricket
cried	akadanidzira
crime	utsotsi
criminal	mhosva
criminality	upombwe
crimp	crimp
crimson	mutsvuku
cringe	cringe
cripple	chirema
crippled	akaremara
crippling	chirema
crisis	dambudziko
crisp	crisp
crispy	crispy
criterion	criterion
critic	muongorori
critical	inonyanya kukosha
criticise	vanotsoropodza
criticism	kutsoropodza
criticize	vanotsoropodza
criticized	vakatsoropodzwa
critique	critique
critter	critter
croak	croak
croc	croc
crock	crock
crockery	crockery
crocodile	nguruve
croft	croft
croissant	croissant
crook	crook
crooked	kukanganiswa
crop	chibage
croquet	croquet
cross	muchinjikwa
cross country	cross country
crossbow	crossbow
crossed	akayambuka
crossfire	crossfire
crossing	kuyambuka
crossover	crossover
crosswalk	crosswalk
crossword	crossword
crotch	crotch
crouch	crouch
crouched	crouched
crouching	crouching
croupier	croupier
crow	crow
crowbar	crowbar
crowd	vanhu vazhinji
crowded	akazara
crowds	mapoka evanhu
crown	korona
crowning	korona
crucial	zvakakosha
cruciate	cruciate
crucifix	pamuchinjikwa
crucifixion	kurovererwa
crucify	kuroverera pamuchinjikwa
crud	crud
crude	zvisizvo
cruel	utsinye
cruelly	utsinye
cruelty	utsinye
cruise	cruise
cruise ship	cruise ship
cruiser	cruiser
cruising	chikepe
crumb	crumb
crumble	crumble
crumbling	kugumburwa
crummy	crummy
crunch	crunch
crunchy	crunchy
crusade	crusade
crusader	crusader
crush	kupwanya
crushed	kupwanyika
crusher	crusher
crushing	crushing
crust	kutsika
crusty	crusty
crutch	crutch
crux	crux
cry	kuchema
crybaby	crybaby
crying	kuchema
crypt	crypt
cryptic	cryptic
cryptography	cryptography
crystal	crystal
crystalline	crystalline
crystallization	crystallization
cub	cub
cubby	cubby
cube	cube
cubic	cubic
cubicle	cubicle
cuckold	cuckold
cuckoo	cuckoo
cucumber	cucumber
cuddle	cuddle
cuddled	cuddled
cuddles	cuddles
cuddling	kunyorera
cue	cue
cuff	cuff
cuisine	cuisine
culinary	culinary
cull	cull
culminate	pakupedzisira
culmination	pakupedzisira
culpability	kukanganisa
culpable	kukanganisa
culprit	chinokonzera
cult	chitendero
cultivate	kukura
cultivated	kurimwa
cultivation	kurima
cultural	tsika
culture	tsika
cultured	yakagadzirwa
culvert	culvert
cumbersome	cumbersome
cumulus	cumulus
cunning	cunning
cunt	cunt
cup	cup
cupboard	cupboard
cupcake	cupcake
cupping	cupping
cur	cur
curable	kupora
curate	curate
curative	kuporesa
curator	curator
curb	kubvisa
curd	curd
cure	chirwere
curfew	kureva nguva
curiosity	chido
curious	curious
curl	curl
curling	curling
currency	mari
current	Current
curriculum	curriculum
curry	curry
curse	kutukwa
cursed	kutukwa
cursing	kutuka
cursory	cursory
curt	curt
curtail	kuderedza
curtailment	kuderedza
curtain	chidzitiro
curtains	machira
curtsy	curtsy
curvature	curvature
curve	Curve
curved	curved
curvilinear	curvilinear
cushion	cushion
cushy	cushy
cusp	cusp
cuss	cuss
cussed	cussed
custard	custard
custodial	custodial
custodian	munyori
custody	kuchengetwa
custom	tsika
customary	tsika
customer	mutengi
customized	yakagadzirirwa
cut	kudonha
cutaneous	cutaneous
cute	cute
cuticle	cuticle
cutie	cutie
cutlass	klasslass
cutlery	cutlery
cutoff	cheka
cutter	cutter
cutters	cutters
cutthroat	cutthroat
cutting	kudonha
cutting board	kukata bhodhi
cuttings	cuttings
cwt	cwt
cyanide	cyanide
cyberspace	Internet
cycle	cycle
cyclical	cyclical
cyclist	cyclist
cyclone	dutu guru
cylinder	cylinder
cylindrical	cylindrical
cymbal	cymbal
cynic	cynic
cynical	cynical
cynicism	cynicism
cyst	cyst
cystic	cystic
cytomegalovirus	cytomegalovirus
cytoplasm	cytoplasm
czar	czar
dab	dab
dabble	dabble
dabbling	dabbling
dad	baba
daddy	baba
dado	NO TRANSLATION
daemon	daemon
daft	daft
dagger	dagger
daily	zuva nezuva
dainty	dainty
daiquiri	daiquiri
dairy	dairy
daisy	daisy
dak	NO TRANSLATION
dale	dale
dam	dam
damage	kukanganisa
damaged	damaged
damages	kuipa
dame	dame
damn	damn
damnation	damnation
damned	damned
damp	kunyorova
dampened	dampened
damper	damper
damsel	musikana
dance	dance
dancer	dancer
dancing	kutamba
dandruff	dandruff
dandy	dandy
danger	ngozi
dangerous	inotyisa
dangerously	zvinotyisa
dangit	NO TRANSLATION
dangle	dangle
dank	NO TRANSLATION
dapper	dapper
dare	dare
daredevil	daredevil
daresay	daresay
daring	daring
dark	rima
darken	rima
darkened	rima
darkly	rima
darkness	rima
darkroom	darkroom
darkside	divi rakasviba
darling	mudiwa
darn	darn
dart	dart
dash	dash
dashboard	dashboard
dashed	dashed
dashing	dashing
dastardly	dastardly
data	data
database	database
date	musi
datenight	NO TRANSLATION
daughter	mwanasikana
dawdle	dawdle
dawn	dawn
dawned	dawned
day	zuva
daybreak	daybreak
daycare	daycare
daydream	daydream
daydreaming	daydreaming
daylight	masikati
daymade	NO TRANSLATION
dayoff	NO TRANSLATION
daytime	masikati
daze	daze
dazed	dazed
dazzle	dazzle
dazzling	chinotyisa
deacon	dhikoni
deactivate	ita
dead	vakafa
deadbeat	kufa
deadline	nguva yakatarwa
deadlines	misimboti
deadlock	kufa
deadly	kufa
deaf	matsi
deafening	kunzwa
deafness	matsi
deal	kubata
dealer	mutengesi
dealership	mutengesi
dealing	kubata
dealings	maitiro
dean	dean
dear	vadiwa
dearest	vadiwa zvikuru
dearth	nhamo
death	rufu
deathbed	bhedhi rokufa
deathly	kufa
debacle	debacle
debased	kukanganiswa
debatable	debatable
debate	nharo
debauchery	kunyengera
debenture	kukanganisa
debilitating	kukanganisa
debit	debit
debrief	kukakavara
debriefing	debriefing
debris	dutu
debt	chikwereti
debtor	chikwereti
debut	debut
debutante	debutante
decade	makumi gumi
decadence	decadence
decadent	decadent
decaf	decaf
decanter	decanter
decathlon	decathlon
decay	kuora
decayed	yakaora
decaying	kuora
deceased	akafa
decedent	decedent
deceit	kunyengera
deceitful	kunyengera
deceive	kunyengera
deceived	kunyengerwa
deceiving	kunyengera
december	Zvita
decency	decency
decent	rakanaka
deception	kunyengera
deceptive	kunyengera
decide	sarudza
decidedly	zvakasarudzwa
deciduous	deciduous
decimal	decimal
decimeter	decimeter
decipher	decipher
decision	chisarudzo
decisive	decisive
deck	deck
declaration	chirevo
declaratory	declaratory
declare	taura
declination	kuderera
decline	kuderera
declining	kuderera
deco	deco
decode	decode
decoder	decoder
decompose	decompose
decomposed	decomposed
decomposition	kuora
decompress	decompress
decompression	decompression
decontamination	decontamination
decor	decor
decorate	shongedza
decorating	decorative
decoration	decoration
decorative	kurongedza
decorator	decorator
decorum	decorum
decoy	decoy
decrease	kuderera
decreased	yakaderera
decreasing	kuderedza
decree	chirevo
decrement	chirevo
decrepit	decrepit
decry	decry
decryption	decryption
dedicate	kuzvitsaurira
dedication	kuzvitsaurira
deduce	deduce
deduct	deduct
deductible	deductible
deduction	kuderedza
deed	chiito
deejay	deejay
deem	ona
deep	yakadzika
deepen	kudzika
deer	deer
defamation	defamation
defamatory	defamatory
default	default
defeat	kukunda
defeated	vakakundwa
defeatist	kukunda
defect	chirema
defection	kudzivisa
defective	asina kukwana
defector	defector
defend	kudzivirira
defendant	mumiririri
defended	defended
defender	defender
defending	kudzivirira
defense	kudzivirira
defenseless	kudzivirirwa
defensible	defensible
defensive	kudzivirira
defer	defer
deference	deference
deferral	deferral
deferring	deferring
defiance	kuzvidza
defiant	kusvibisa
defibrillator	defibrillator
deficiency	kukwana
deficient	kukwana
deficit	kuputsika
define	define
defined	rinotsanangurwa
definite	definite
definition	tsanangudzo
definitive	definitive
deflate	deflate
deflation	deflation
deflect	kunyengera
deflection	deflection
defloration	defloration
deform	deform
deformed	deformed
deformity	deformity
defraud	kunyengera
defray	defray
defrost	defrost
deft	deft
defunct	defunct
defuse	defuse
defy	defy
degeneracy	degeneracy
degenerate	degenerate
degeneration	degeneration
degradation	kuora mwoyo
degrade	kunyadzisa
degraded	zvakashata
degrading	kunyadzisa
degree	degree
dehydrated	dehydrated
dehydration	dehydration
dejected	kuora mwoyo
delay	kunonoka
delayed	kunonoka
delectable	anoshamisa
delegate	nhume
delegation	nhume
delete	bvisa
deleterious	deleterious
deletion	deletion
deli	deli
deliberate	nemaune
deliberation	kukanganisa
deliberative	kuita nemaune
delicacy	kunakidza
delicate	kunetseka
delicatessen	delicatessen
delicious	chinonaka
delight	kufara
delighted	vakafara
delightful	anofadza
delineate	delineate
delineation	delineation
delinquency	kudengenyeka
delinquent	kudarika
delirious	zvinonakidza
delirium	delirium
deliver	kurwira
deliverance	kununurwa
delivery	delivery
dell	dell
delta	delta
delude	delude
deluge	mafashamo
delusion	kunyengera
delusional	delusional
deluxe	deluxe
delve	delve
demand	zvinoda
demanding	kudai
demeaned	kuderedza
demeaning	kuzvidza
demeanor	chimiro
demented	demented
dementia	dementia
demise	kuparara
demo	demo
democracy	democracy
democrat	democrat
democratic	democracy
demographic	demographic
demolish	kuparadza
demolished	kuparadzwa
demolition	kuparadzwa
demon	dhimoni
demonic	dhimoni
demonstrable	zvinoratidzika
demonstrate	kuratidza
demonstrated	akaratidzwa
demonstrating	kuratidza
demonstration	kuratidzwa
demonstrative	kuratidza
demonstrator	demonstrator
demoralized	kuora mwoyo
demos	demos
demure	kuderera
den	NO TRANSLATION
deniability	kuramba
denial	kuramba
denied	rakaramba
denim	denim
denomination	denomination
denominational	denominational
denominator	denominator
denote	denote
denounce	tsiura
dense	dense
density	kuwanda
dent	dent
dental	meno
dentist	chiremba wemazino
dentistry	mazinyo
dentists	vanachiremba mazino
denunciation	kutsamwa
deny	ramba
denying	kuramba
deodorant	deodorant
depart	Ibva
departed	akabva
department	dhipatimendi
departmental	dhipatimendi
departure	kuenda
depend	vanovimba
dependable	kuvimba
dependant	dependent
dependence	kuvimba
dependency	dependency
dependent	dependent
depict	inoratidza
depicting	kurondedzera
depletion	kuderedza
deplorable	zvinorwadza
deplore	deplore
deploy	deploy
deployment	kutumirwa
deport	kusunungura
deportation	kudzingwa
depose	depose
deposit	dhaka
depositary	depositary
deposition	kutumira
depository	depository
depot	depot
depraved	zvinonyangadza
depravity	kuora
depreciate	depreciate
depreciated	rakaderera
depreciation	kuderedza
depress	depress
depressed	kuora mwoyo
depressing	depressing
depression	kuora mwoyo
depressive	kuora mwoyo
depresson	NO TRANSLATION
deprivation	kurasa
deprive	kunyima
deprived	kunyimwa
depth	kudzika
deputy	deputy
derail	derail
deranged	deranged
derelict	kukanganiswa
derision	kuseka
derivation	derivation
derivative	derivative
derive	inotora
dermal	dermal
dermatologist	dermatologist
dermatology	dermatology
derogation	kuzvidza
derogatory	kuzvidza
descend	dzoka
descendant	descendant
descendent	NO TRANSLATION
descending	achidzika
descent	madzinza
describe	tsanangura
description	tsanangudzo
descriptive	anotsanangura
desecrate	deecrate
desecration	kudzvinyirira
desert	desert
deserted	vakasiya
deserter	deserter
desertion	desertion
deserve	akakodzera
deserved	zvakakodzera
deserving	akakodzera
design	design
designate	sarudza
designated	akasarudzwa
designation	kudanwa
designed	yakagadzirwa
designer	designer
designing	designing
desirability	desirability
desirable	zvinodikanwa
desire	chido
desiring	desiring
desirous	vanoda
desist	kurega
desk	desk
desolate	rakaparadzwa
desolation	dongo
despair	kuora mwoyo
despairing	kuora mwoyo
despatch	despatch
desperado	desperado
desperate	desperate
desperation	kushushikana
despicable	kuzvidza
despise	kuzvidza
despondent	kuora mwoyo
despotic	kupamba
despotism	despotism
dessert	dessert
destination	kuenda
destined	yakagadzirirwa
destiny	mugumo
destitute	vanoshayiwa
destroy	kuparadza
destroyed	kuparadzwa
destroyer	muparadzi
destroying	kuparadza
destruct	kuparadza
destruction	kuparadzwa
destructive	kuparadza
detach	detach
detached	zvakasununguka
detachment	detachment
detail	tsanangudzo
detailed	tsanangudzo
details	tsanangudzo
detain	deta
detainee	detainee
detect	ona
detectable	inoonekwa
detection	kuona
detective	detective
detector	detector
detention	kusungwa
deter	kudzivisa
detergent	detergent
deteriorate	kuora mwoyo
deteriorated	zvakashata
deteriorating	kuora
deterioration	kuora mwoyo
determinable	determinable
determinate	determinate
determination	kutsunga
determine	ona
determined	vakatsunga
deterrent	kudzivisa
detest	kuvenga
detestation	kuvenga
detonate	detonate
detonation	detonation
detonator	detonator
detour	detour
detract	zvinogumbura
detriment	zvinokuvadza
detrimental	zvinokuvadza
detritus	detritus
deuce	deuce
deutschmark	deutschmark
devalued	devalued
devastate	kuparadza
devastated	rakaparadzwa
devastating	kuparadza
devastation	kuparadzwa
develop	kukura
developer	developer
developing	kukura
development	kubudirira
deviant	deviant
deviate	kusiya
deviating	kupotsa
deviation	kupotsa
device	device
devil	dhimoni
deviled	kupotsa
devilish	devilish
devious	devious
devise	funga
devoid	devoid
devolution	devolution
devolve	devolve
devote	devote
devoted	devoted
devotee	devotee
devotion	kuzvipira
devotional	devotional
devour	idya
devout	kuzvipira
dew	dova
dexter	dexter
dexterity	dexterity
dextrose	dextrose
diabetes	chirwere cheshuga
diabetic	chirwere cheshuga
diabolical	diabolical
diagnose	diagnose
diagnosis	kuongorora
diagnostic	kuongorora
diagnostics	zvirwere
diagonal	diagonal
diagram	diagram
dial	dial
dialect	mutauro
dialectic	dialectic
dialogue	kukurukurirana
dialysis	dialysis
diameter	diameter
diamond	diamond
diamonds	diamond
diaper	diaper
diaphragm	diaphragm
diarrhea	chirwere
diarrhoea	chirwere
diary	diary
diatribe	diatribe
dib	NO TRANSLATION
dibs	dibs
dice	dice
dicey	dicey
dichotomous	dichotomous
dichotomy	dichotomy
dick	dick
dickhead	dickhead
dicks	dicks
dictate	tora
dictation	chirevo
dictator	mudzvinyiriri
dictatorial	kudzvinyirira
dictatorship	kudzvinyirira
diction	diction
dictionary	duramazwi
dictum	NO TRANSLATION
didactic	didactic
diddle	akavhara
die	NO TRANSLATION
died	vakafa
diesel	diesel
diet	kudya
dietary	dietary
differ	zvakasiyana
difference	kusiyana
differences	kusiyana
different	zvakasiyana
differential	kusiyana
differentiation	kusiyana
differently	zvakasiyana
differing	zvakasiyana
difficult	zvakaoma
difficulties	zvinetso
difficulty	kuoma
diffuse	diffuse
diffusion	kuparadzaniswa
dig	NO TRANSLATION
digest	digest
digestion	digestion
digestive	kudya
digit	digit
digital	digital
dignified	kuremekedzwa
dignify	kukudzwa
dignity	chiremera
digress	digress
digs	NO TRANSLATION
dike	dike
dilapidated	akaora mwoyo
dilatation	dilatation
dilation	kuderedza
dildo	dildo
dilemma	dambudziko
diligence	kushingaira
diligent	kushingaira
dill	dill
diluent	diluent
dilute	dilute
diluted	diluted
dilution	dilution
dim	dim
dime	dime
dimension	dimension
dimensional	dimensional
diminish	kuderedza
diminished	kuderedza
diminution	diminution
diminutive	diminutive
dimwit	dimwit
din	NO TRANSLATION
dine	dine
diner	diner
dinghy	dinghy
dingo	dingo
dingy	dingy
dining	dining
dinky	dinky
dinner	dinner
dinnertime	dinnertime
dinosaur	dinosaur
dint	dint
diocesan	diocesan
diocese	diocese
diorama	diorama
dioxide	dioxide
dip	dip
diploma	diploma
diplomacy	diplomacy
diplomat	dhigiridzi
diplomatic	diplomatic
dipper	dipper
dippy	dippy
dipstick	dipstick
dire	NO TRANSLATION
direct	direct
directed	inotungamirirwa
direction	nhungamiro
directive	directive
directly	zvakananga
director	mutungamiriri
directory	directory
dirt	tsvina
dirty	tsvina
disability	kuremara
disable	disable
disabled	akaremara
disadvantage	kusagadzikana
disaffected	disaffected
disagree	hazvibvumirani
disagreeable	kusagamuchirwa
disagreeing	vasingabvumirani
disagreement	kusabvumirana
disallow	rega
disallowed	hazvirambidzwi
disapointment	NO TRANSLATION
disappear	kunyangarika
disappearance	kunyangarika
disappearing	kunyangarika
disappoint	kuora mwoyo
disappointed	kuora mwoyo
disappointing	kuodza mwoyo
disappointment	kuora mwoyo
disapproval	kusavhiringidzwa
disapprove	zvinopesana
disapproved	asingabvumirwi
disapproving	vasingabvumi
disarm	shandura
disarray	kuparadzaniswa
disaster	njodzi
disastrous	njodzi
disband	disband
disbelief	kusatenda
disbelieve	musatenda
disburse	kubvisa
disbursement	kubhadhara
disc	disc
discard	kurasira
discarded	kurasikirwa
discards	rinoramba
discern	kunzwisisa
discernible	inonzwisisika
discerning	kunzwisisa
discernment	kunzwisisa
discharge	kusununguka
disciple	mudzidzi
disciplinary	chirango
discipline	chirango
disciplined	rakarangwa
disclaim	hazvizivikanwi
disclaimer	kunyatsoziva
disclose	taura
disclosed	zvakaziviswa
disclosure	kuzivisa
disco	disco
discoloration	discoloration
discolored	discolored
discomfort	kusagadzikana
disconcerted	kunetseka
disconcerting	kunetseka
disconnect	kubvisa
disconnected	kukanganiswa
disconnection	kukanganiswa
disconnects	disconnects
discontent	kusagutsikana
discontinuance	discontinuance
discontinue	rega
discontinuity	discontinuity
discontinuous	discontinuous
discord	kupesana
discount	discount
discounted	discounted
discourage	kuora mwoyo
discouraged	akaora mwoyo
discouragement	kuora mwoyo
discouraging	kuodza mwoyo
discourse	hurukuro
discover	ona
discovery	kuwanikwa
discredit	kunyadzisa
discredited	discredited
discreet	NO TRANSLATION
discrepancy	kusawirirana
discrete	discrete
discretion	kungwara
discretionary	discretionary
discriminate	vanosarudza
discriminating	kusarura
discrimination	kusarura
discus	discus
discuss	kukurukura
discussion	kukurukurirana
disdain	kuzvidza
disdainful	kunyadzisa
disease	chirwere
diseased	chirwere
disembodied	disembodied
disengage	tsvina
disengagement	disengagement
disfigured	isina kusimba
disgrace	kunyadziswa
disgraced	kunyadziswa
disgraceful	zvinonyadzisa
disgruntled	kunyadziswa
disguise	kuvanza
disguised	disguised
disgust	kunyangadza
disgusted	kunyadziswa
disgusting	zvinonyangadza
dish	dish
disheartened	kuora mwoyo
disheartening	kuora mwoyo
dishonest	kusatendeseka
dishonesty	kusatendeseka
dishonor	kunyadziswa
dishonorable	kunyadziswa
dishwasher	dishwasher
disillusionment	kuora mwoyo
disinclination	kukanganisa
disincline	kunyengedza
disinclined	kukanganiswa
disinfect	disinfect
disinfectant	disinfectant
disinfection	disinfection
disinformation	disinformation
disingenuous	kudzivisa
disintegrate	shanduka
disintegration	kusagadzikana
disinterested	disinterested
disjoint	disjoint
disjointed	disjointed
disjunctive	disjunctive
disk	disk
diskette	diskette
dislike	havadi
disliked	asingadi
disliking	kunyunyuta
dislocated	dislocated
dislocation	dislocation
dislodge	dislodge
disloyal	kusatendeka
disloyalty	kusatendeka
dismal	kuora mwoyo
dismantle	dismantle
dismay	dismay
dismayed	kuvhunduka
dismemberment	dismemberment
dismiss	rega
dismissal	kubvisa
dismissive	kurega
dismount	dismount
disobedience	kusateerera
disobedient	vasingateereri
disobey	kusateerera
disorder	dambudziko
disordered	kushungurudzika
disorderly	kusagadzikana
disorganized	kusagadziriswa
disorientation	kuora mwoyo
disoriented	disoriented
disown	ramba
disparage	kuzvidza
disparaging	kunyadzisa
disparate	kusazvitsaura
disparity	kusawirirana
dispassionate	kusuruvara
dispatch	dispatch
dispatcher	dispatcher
dispel	tsvina
dispensary	mbudzi
dispensation	nguva
dispense	kuparadzira
dispenser	distenser
dispersal	kupararira
disperse	kuparadzira
dispersed	vakapararira
dispersion	kupararira
dispirited	dispirited
displace	displace
displaced	vakasununguka
displacement	kusimuka
displacency	kusununguka
display	kuratidza
displease	zvisingafadzi
displeased	hazvifadzi
displeasure	kusagutsikana
disposable	inogona kuraswa
disposal	kurasa
dispose	tora
disposed	rakaraswa
disposition	maitiro
dispossessed	inodzingwa
disprove	kupomera
dispute	kukakavara
disqualification	kukanganiswa
disqualified	kukanganiswa
disqualify	kukanganiswa
disquieted	kushungurudzika
disregard	kusazvidza
disregarded	kusaremekedzwa
disrelish	kunyadzisa
disreputable	zvinonyadzisa
disrepute	disrepute
disrespect	kusaremekedza
disrespectful	kusaremekedza
disrupt	kuvhiringidza
disrupting	kuvhiringidza
disruption	kuvhiringidzika
disruptive	kuvhiringidza
dissatisfaction	kusagutsikana
dissatisfied	asingagutsikani
dissect	dissect
dissection	dissection
disseminate	kuparadzira
dissemination	kuparadzira
dissension	kupesana
dissent	kupesana
dissenting	kupesana
dissertation	dissertation
disservice	disservice
dissident	kuramba
dissimilar	dissimilar
dissipate	dissipate
dissipated	dissipated
dissociation	kuparadzana
dissociative	dissociative
dissolution	dissolution
dissolve	dissolve
dissonance	dissonance
dissuade	rega
distal	distal
distance	kure
distant	kure
distaste	distaste
distasteful	zvinotyisa
distillate	distillate
distillation	distillation
distilled	distilled
distinct	distinct
distinction	kusiyana
distinctive	zvakasiyana
distinguish	kusiyanisa
distinguishable	distinguishable
distinguished	zvakasiyana
distinguishing	kusiyanisa
distort	kukanganisa
distorted	kukanganisa
distortion	kupotoka
distract	distract
distracted	akavhiringidzika
distracting	zvinokanganisa
distraction	kushungurudzwa
distraught	kushungurudzika
distress	kutambudzika
distressed	kushushikana
distressing	kushushikana
distribute	kugovera
distribution	kugoverwa
distributor	distributor
district	district
distrust	kusavimba
disturb	kukanganisa
disturbance	kushungurudza
disturbed	kunetseka
disturbing	kushungurudza
disuse	shandisa
disused	kushandiswa
ditch	dongo
ditto	ditto
ditty	ditty
diurnal	diurnal
diva	diva
divan	NO TRANSLATION
dive	dive
diver	diverse
diverge	diverge
divergence	kusiyana
divergent	divergent
diverging	diverging
divers	mizhinji
diverse	zvakasiyana
diversified	zvakasiyana-siyana
diversify	diversify
diversion	diversion
diversionary	diversionary
diversity	kusiyana
divert	shandura
diverting	kupotsa
divest	divest
divested	akaparadzaniswa
divestment	divestment
divide	gurai
divided	akaparadzaniswa
dividend	chikamu
divination	kuuka
divine	Mwari
divinity	uMwari
divisible	kuoneka
division	kupesana
divisor	divisor
divorce	kurambana
divorcee	divorcee
divulge	divulge
divvy	divvy
dizziness	chizoro
dizzy	Dzungu
do	ita
doable	zvinogona kuitwa
doc	doc
docile	docile
dock	dock
docked	kukanganwa
docket	docket
docking	docking
doctor	chiremba
doctorate	doctorate
doctrinal	dzidziso
doctrine	dzidziso
document	document
documentary	documentary
documentation	zvinyorwa
documents	zvinyorwa
dodge	dodge
dodger	dodger
dodging	dodging
dodgy	dodgy
dodo	dodo
doe	doe
doer	muiti
dog	Imbwa
dogface	chimiro
dogged	dogged
doggy	doggy
doghouse	doghouse
dogma	dzidziso
dogmatic	dzidziso
dogsick	NO TRANSLATION
doings	mabasa
doit	NO TRANSLATION
dojo	dojo
doldrums	doldrums
dole	dole
doll	chido
dollar	dollar
dollhouse	dollhouse
dolor	NO TRANSLATION
dolphin	dolphin
domain	domain
dome	dome
domestic	mhuri
domesticated	domesticated
domestication	domestication
domicile	domicile
domiciled	domiciled
dominance	kutonga
dominant	rinotungamirira
dominate	dominate
dominating	kutonga
domination	kutonga
dominatrix	dominatrix
dominion	dominion
domino	domino
don	don
donate	donate
donation	mhiko
donkey	dhongi
donor	mupiro
dontlikeyou	NO TRANSLATION
dontmess	NO TRANSLATION
dontmesswithme	dontmesswithme
dontpanic	usavhunduke
dontunderstand	NO TRANSLATION
doodle	doodle
doom	dambudziko
doomed	vachaparadzwa
doomsday	doomsday
door	musuo
doorbell	doorbell
doorknob	dhokodhi
doorman	doorman
doormat	doormat
doornail	doornail
doorstep	doorstep
doorway	musuo
dopamine	dopamine
dope	dope
dopey	dopey
dork	dork
dorky	dorky
dorm	dorm
dormant	dormant
dormitory	dormitory
dorsal	dorsal
dosage	muyero
dose	dose
dossier	dossier
dot	dot
doting	doting
dotted	dotted
dotty	dotty
double	kaviri
doubled	kaviri
doublet	doublet
doubling	kuwirirana
doubt	kusava nechokwadi
doubtful	kusava nechokwadi
doubting	kusava nechokwadi
doubtless	pasina mubvunzo
doubts	kusava nechokwadi
douche	douche
douchebags	douchebags
dough	hlama
doughboy	doughboy
doughnut	donut
dour	dour
douse	svetuka
dove	njiva
down	pasi
downcast	downcast
downer	downer
downfall	kugwa
downfield	downfield
downhearted	kuora mwoyo
downhill	downhill
download	download
downpour	kunaya
downright	zvakananga
downriver	pasi
downside	pasi
downtime	downtime
downward	pasi
downy	downy
dowry	dowry
doze	doze
dozen	gumi nemaviri
drab	drab
draft	ronga
drafty	drafty
drag	kweva
dragon	dhiragoni
dragonfly	dragonfly
drain	drain
drainage	drainage
drained	yakaderedzwa
draining	draining
drainpipe	drainpipe
drake	drake
drama	drama
dramaqueen	NO TRANSLATION
dramatic	dramatic
drape	drape
drapery	drapery
drastic	zvakanyanya
drat	NO TRANSLATION
draught	ronga
draw	draw
drawback	drawback
drawbridge	drawbridge
drawer	drawer
drawers	vavaki
drawing	drawing
dread	kutya
dreaded	kutya
dreadful	anotyisa
dreadfully	dreadfully
dreading	kutya
dream	kurota
dreamboat	dreamboat
dreamer	muroti
dreaming	kurota
dreamland	dreamland
dreams	kurota
dreamt	akarota
dreamy	dreamy
dreary	dreary
dredge	dredge
drenched	drenched
dress	nguo
dresser	mupfeki
dressmaker	mupfeki
dressy	apfeke
dribble	NO TRANSLATION
dried	dzakaomeswa
drier	drier
drift	drift
drifted	drifted
drifter	drifter
driftwood	driftwood
drill	drill
drink	kunwa
drinker	anonwa
drinking	kunwa
drinks	zvinwiwa
drip	drip
dripping	dripping
drive	drive
drivel	drivel
driver	mutyairi
driveway	driveway
drizzle	drizzle
droll	droll
drone	drone
drones	drones
drool	drool
drooping	drooping
droopy	droopy
drop	Donhedza
droplet	droplet
dropout	kuregera
dropper	dropper
drought	kuoma
drove	NO TRANSLATION
drown	drown
drowsiness	kugona
drowsy	anokotsira
drudgery	drudgery
drug	chiremba
drug dealing	kushandisa zvinodhaka
drugged	zvinodhaka
druggist	chiremba
drugs	zvinodhaka
drugstore	drugstore
druid	druid
drum	drum
drummer	drummer
drumming	drumming
drunk	akadhakwa
drunk driving	kudhakwa kunodhakwa
drunkard	chidhakwa
drunken	drunken
drunkenness	kudhakwa
dry	dry
dryer	dryer
dryness	dryness
dual	kaviri
dualism	dealism
duality	duality
dub	dub
dubious	dubious
duchess	duchess
duck	dada
ducking	ducking
duckling	duckling
ducky	ducky
duct	duct
ductile	ductile
dud	dud
dude	dude
duds	duds
due	due
duel	duel
dues	mari
duet	duet
duffel	duffel
dugout	dugout
duh	duh
duke	duke
dull	dull
dullard	dullard
dumb	mbeveve
dumbasses	dumbasses
dumbbell	dumbbell
dumbbitch	NO TRANSLATION
dumfound	dumfound
dumfounder	NO TRANSLATION
dummy	dummy
dump	dump
dumpling	dumpling
dumps	dumps
dumpster	dumpster
dun	dun
dunce	dunce
dune	dune
dung	NO TRANSLATION
dungeon	dongoon
dunk	dunk
duo	duo
dupe	dupe
duplex	duplex
duplicate	duplicate
duplication	kudzokorora
duplicity	duplicity
durability	durability
durable	durable
duration	nguva
duress	kunetseka
dusk	dusk
dusky	dusky
dust	guruva
duster	duster
dustpan	dustpan
dusty	guruva
dutiful	zvakashata
duty	basa
dwarf	dwarf
dwarfed	dwarfed
dweeb	dweeb
dwell	gara
dweller	kugara
dwelling	kugara
dye	dye
dying	kufa
dyke	dyke
dynamic	simba
dynamical	dynamical
dynamics	dynamics
dynamite	dynamite
dynamo	dynamo
dynasty	dzinza
dysentery	dysentery
dysfunction	kusagadzikana
dysfunctional	inoshaya
dyspepsia	dyspepsia
eager	vanoda
eagerness	chido
eagle	eagle
ear	nzeve
earful	early
earl	earl
earlier	kare
early	kutanga
earn	pfuma
earnest	kushingaira
earnestly	nomwoyo wose
earnestness	kushingaira
earnings	mubhadharo
earpiece	earpiece
earring	earring
earrings	earrings
earshot	earshot
earth	pasi
earthenware	denga
earthling	pasi
earthly	pasi pano
earthquake	kudengenyeka kwenyika
earthy	earthy
ease	kusununguka
easel	easel
easement	easement
easily	nyore
east	mabvazuva
eastbound	eastbound
eastern	kumabvazuva
easy	nyore
easygoing	zviri nyore
eat	idya
eater	idya
eating	kudya
eatingdisorders	NO TRANSLATION
eavesdrop	eavesdrop
eavesdropping	eavesdropping
ebb	ebb
ebony	ebony
ebullient	ebullient
eccentric	eccentric
eccentricity	eccentricity
ecclesiastical	ekereke
echelon	echelon
echinacea	echinacea
echo	echo
eclectic	eclectic
eclipse	kupera
ecliptic	ecliptic
ecological	zvipenyu
economic	zvemari
economical	economical
economics	economics
economy	hupfumi
ecosystem	ecosystem
ecstasy	ecstasy
ecstatic	kufara
ecumenical	vekereke
eddy	eddy
edema	edema
edge	edge
edging	edging
edgy	edgy
edible	zvinodyika
edict	chirevo
edification	kuvaka
edifice	edifice
edit	edit
editing	kuchinja
edition	edition
editor	mupepeti
editorial	muparidzi
educate	kudzidzisa
educated	vakadzidziswa
education	dzidzo
educational	dzidzo
educator	mudzidzisi
eeeek	NO TRANSLATION
eeek	NO TRANSLATION
eek	eek
eel	eel
eerie	eerie
effect	kuitika
effective	kubudirira
effectiveness	kubudirira
effects	migumisiro
effectual	effectual
effectually	effectually
effectuate	effectuate
effeminate	effeminate
efficacious	anobatsira
efficacy	efficacy
efficiency	kubudirira
efficient	inoshanda
effigy	effigy
effort	kuedza
effortless	kushanda nesimba
effusion	effusion
effyou	NO TRANSLATION
egg	yai
egghead	egghead
eggnog	eggnog
eggplant	eggplant
eggshell	eggshell
ego	ego
egomaniac	egomaniac
egotistical	egotistical
egregious	zvinoshamisa
egress	egress
eight	sere
eighteen	gumi nesere
eighth	chesere
eighty	makumi masere
ejaculate	ejaculate
ejaculation	ejaculation
eject	siya
ejection	ejection
elaborate	Tsanangura
elaboration	elaboration
elan	NO TRANSLATION
elapse	elapse
elapsed	yakapera
elastic	elastic
elasticity	elasticity
elated	vakafara
elation	chikamu
elbow	gokora
eld	eld
elder	mukoma
elderly	vakwegura
elders	vakuru
eldest	eldest
elect	vakasarudzwa
election	sarudzo
elective	kusarudza
elector	vasarudzo
electoral	sarudzo
electorate	electorate
electric	magetsi
electric slide	magetsi slide
electrical	magetsi
electrician	magetsi
electricity	magetsi
electrify	electrify
electrocute	electrocute
electrocution	electrocution
electromagnetic	electromagnetic
electron	electron
electronic	electronic
electronics	electronics
elegance	elegance
elegant	elegant
element	element
elemental	elemental
elementary	elementary
elements	zvikamu
elephant	nzou
elevate	kukwidziridza
elevated	yakakwirira
elevation	elevation
elevator	elevator
eleven	gumi neimwe
eleventh	chegumi neimwe
elf	elf
elicit	inokumbira
eligible	akakodzera
eliminate	kubvisa
elimination	kubviswa
elite	elite
elitist	elitist
elixir	elixir
elk	elk
ell	ell
ellipse	ellipse
ellipsis	ellipsis
ellipsoid	ellipsoid
elliptic	elliptic
elliptical	elliptical
elm	elm
elongate	elongate
elongation	elongation
elope	elope
eloquence	rakananga
eloquent	nyanzvi
elucidate	elucidate
elucidation	elucidation
elude	elude
elusive	zvisingaiti
emaciated	emaciated
email	email
emanate	emanate
emancipation	kusunungurwa
embankment	kubatwa
embargo	NO TRANSLATION
embark	kutanga
embarrass	kunyara
embarrassed	kunyara
embarrassing	kunyadzisa
embarrassment	kunyara
embassy	embassy
embattled	embattled
embed	kuvhara
embellish	embellish
embellishment	embellishment
embers	embels
embezzlement	kunyengera
embezzler	embezzler
emblem	chiratidzo
emblematic	emblematic
embodiment	mufananidzo
embolism	embolism
embossed	embossed
embrace	embrace
embroidered	akavezwa
embroidery	embroidery
embroiled	embroiled
embryo	embryo
embryonic	embryonic
emcee	emcee
emerald	emerald
emerge	kubuda
emergence	emergence
emergency	dambudziko
emeritus	emeritus
emery	emery
emetophobia	emetophobia
emigrate	emigrate
emigration	emigration
eminence	eminence
eminent	zvikuru
eminently	eminently
emir	NO TRANSLATION
emissary	nhume
emission	emission
emit	emit
emo	emo
emotion	manzwiro
emotional	manzwiro
emotive	emotive
empathic	empathic
empathize	empathize
empathy	kunzwira tsitsi
emperor	mambo
emphasis	kusimbiswa
emphasize	kusimbisa
emphatic	emphatic
emphysema	emphysema
empire	empire
empirical	empirical
empiricism	empiricism
employ	shandisa
employee	mushandi
employer	mushandirwi
employment	basa
emporium	emporium
empower	simba
empress	empress
emptiness	chisina
emption	emption
empty	zvisina chinhu
emu	emu
emulate	emulate
emulsion	emulsion
enable	simba
enablement	enablement
enact	ita
enactment	kugadziriswa
enamel	enamel
encampment	encampment
enchant	enchant
enchanted	enchanted
enchanting	enchanting
enchantment	enchantment
enchantress	enchantress
enchilada	enchilada
encircle	akapoteredza
encircling	akapoteredza
enclave	enclave
enclose	enclose
enclosure	yakavharwa
encode	encode
encomiastic	NO TRANSLATION
encomium	encomium
encompass	inopoteredza
encore	NO TRANSLATION
encounter	kusangana
encourage	kukurudzira
encouraged	akakurudzirwa
encouragement	kukurudzira
encouraging	kukurudzira
encroach	inopinza
encroachment	kukanganisa
encrypt	encrypt
encryption	encryption
encumbrance	encumbrance
encyclopedia	encyclopedia
end	kuguma
end table	tafura yekupedzisira
endanger	pangozi
endangered	pangozi
endangerment	kuisa mungozi
endearing	endearing
endeavor	endeavor
ended	rakaguma
endemic	endemic
endgame	endgame
ending	kuguma
endless	kusingaperi
endocarditis	endocarditis
endorse	kutsigira
endorsement	endorsement
endow	endow
endowed	rakapiwa
endowment	chipo
endpapers	mapepanhau
endpoint	endpoint
endurance	kutsungirira
endure	kutsungirira
enduring	kutsungirira
enema	enema
enemy	muvengi
energetic	energetic
energize	energize
energy	simba
enforce	kutevedzera
enforcement	kutevedza
enforcer	enforcer
engage	vanoita
engaged	akabatanidzwa
engagement	kubatana
engaging	kuita
engender	engender
engine	injini
engineer	engineer
engineering	engineering
engrave	engrave
engraved	engraved
engraver	engraver
engraving	engraving
engrossed	akabatanidzwa
engrossing	engrossing
engulf	engulf
enhance	kuwedzera
enhancement	kukurudzira
enigma	enigma
enigmatic	enigmatic
enjoin	enjoin
enjoy	kunakidzwa
enjoyable	inonakidza
enjoying	kunakidzwa
enjoyment	mufaro
enlarge	kuwedzera
enlarged	yakakura
enlargement	kuwedzera
enlighten	kujekesa
enlightened	kujekeswa
enlightening	kujekesa
enlightenment	kujekeswa
enlist	nyora
enliven	enliven
enmity	kuvenga
ennui	ennui
enormity	kukura
enormous	zvikuru
enormously	zvikuru
enraged	akatsamwa
enrich	kuwedzera
enroll	nyora
enrollment	kunyorwa
ensemble	ensemble
ensign	sign up
enslave	varanda
enslaved	varanda
enslavement	varanda
ensue	ensue
ensure	vimbisa
entail	inosanganisira
entangled	chinopinda
entanglement	entanglement
enter	pinda
enterprise	business
enterprising	enterprising
entertain	entertain
entertained	entertained
entertainer	entertainer
entertaining	kufara
entertainment	varaidzo
enthralled	enthralled
enthusiasm	kushingaira
enthusiast	anofarira
enthusiastic	kushingaira
entice	kunyengera
entire	zvakakwana
entirety	zvakakwana
entitle	fungidzira
entity	entity
entomology	entomology
entourage	entourage
entrails	entrails
entrance	kupinda
entrapment	entrapment
entreat	teterera
entree	entree
entrepreneur	entrepreneur
entrust	ita
entry	entry
enumerate	enumerate
enumeration	enumeration
envelope	envelope
envious	godo
environ	NO TRANSLATION
environment	nzvimbo
environmental	zvakatipoteredza
environs	environs
envision	fungidzira
envoy	nhume
envy	godo
enzyme	enzyme
ephemeral	ephemeral
ephemeris	ephemeris
epic	epic
epidemic	denda
epidermis	epidermis
epidural	epidural
epilepsy	kuora mwoyo
epileptic	kuora mwoyo
epilogue	epilogue
epiphany	epiphany
episcopal	episcopal
episode	episode
episodic	episodic
epistle	tsamba
epitaph	epitaph
epithet	epithet
epitome	epitome
epoch	epoch
equal	akaenzana
equality	kuenzana
equalization	equalization
equalize	equalize
equalizer	equalizer
equally	zvakaenzana
equate	equate
equation	equation
equator	equator
equatorial	equatorial
equestrian	equestrian
equidistant	equidistant
equilibration	kuenzana
equilibrium	equilibrium
equip	equip
equipment	midziyo
equitable	zvakaenzana
equity	kuenzana
equivalence	equivalence
equivalent	zvakaenzana
equivocal	equivocal
era	era
eradicate	kuparadza
eradication	kuparadzwa
erase	erase
eraser	eraser
erasure	erasure
ere	NO TRANSLATION
erect	erect
erectile	erectile
erection	erection
ergo	NO TRANSLATION
erode	erode
erosion	kudengenyeka
erotic	kukanganisa
erotica	erotica
err	err
errand	errand
errant	inokanganisa
erratic	zvinokanganisa
erratum	erratum
erroneous	kukanganisa
error	kukanganisa
erst	NO TRANSLATION
erudite	erudite
erupt	ruka
eruption	eruption
escalade	escalade
escalate	kuwedzera
escalating	kuwedzera
escalation	escalation
escalator	escalator
escape	pukunyuka
escaped	vakapukunyuka
escarpment	escarpment
eschew	eschew
escort	escort
escrow	escrow
esophagus	esophagus
esoteric	esoteric
especial	NO TRANSLATION
espionage	espionage
espouse	espouse
espresso	espresso
esprit	esprit
esquire	tsvaga
essay	nyaya
essayist	essayist
essence	essence
essential	zvinokosha
essentially	zvikuru
establish	simbisa
established	yakasimbiswa
establishment	kuumbwa
estate	estate
esteem	rukudzo
esteemed	anoremekedzwa
esthetic	esthetic
estimable	inokwanisika
estimate	estimate
estimation	kuenzanisa
estoppel	estoppel
estranged	isranged
estrogen	estrogen
estuary	denga
etch	etch
etching	etching
eternal	nokusingaperi
eternity	nokusingaperi
ethanol	ethanol
ether	ether
ethereal	ethereal
ethic	tsika
ethical	tsika
ethics	maitiro
ethnic	ethnic
ethnography	ethnography
etiology	etiology
etiquette	etiquette
etymology	etymology
eucalyptus	eucalyptus
euchre	euchre
eugenics	eugenics
eulogistic	eulogistic
eulogium	eulogium
eulogize	eulogize
eulogy	eulogy
euphemism	euphemism
euphoria	euphoria
euphoric	euphoric
euro	euro
euthanasia	euthanasia
evacuate	pukunyuka
evacuation	kubuda
evade	evade
evaluate	kuongorora
evaluation	kuongorora
evanescence	evanescence
evangelical	evangelical
evangelist	evangelist
evangelistic	evangelistic
evaporate	evaporate
evaporation	evaporation
evasion	evasion
evasive	evasive
eve	eve
evening	manheru
evens	NO TRANSLATION
event	chiitiko
eventful	chiitiko
eventual	pakupedzisira
eventuality	enduality
evergreen	evergreen
everlasting	nokusingaperi
evermore	nguva dzose
everyday	mazuva ese
everyman	everyman
evict	kubudisa
eviction	kubviswa
evidence	uchapupu
evident	zviri pachena
evidentiary	proofentiary
evil	zvakaipa
evoke	evoke
evolution	kushanduka
evolutionary	evolutionary
evolve	kuchinja
ewe	ewe
ex	ex
exacerbate	kuwedzera
exacerbation	kuwedzera
exact	chaiyo
exacting	kunetsa
exaggerate	kunyanyisa
exaggerated	kuwedzeredza
exaggeration	kunyanyisa
exalt	exalt
exaltation	kukudzwa
exalted	exalted
exam	kuongorora
examination	kuongorora
examine	Ongorora
examiner	muongorori
example	muenzaniso
exasperated	vakatsamwa
exasperation	kutsamwa
excavate	chengeta
excavation	kufemwa
excavator	excavator
exceed	kudarika
exceeding	kudarika
excel	zvakanakisisa
excellence	excellence
excellent	rakanaka
excelsior	excelsior
excepting	kunze kwekunge
exception	zvisinei
exceptional	zvinoshamisa
excerpt	cherechedza
excess	kudarika
excessive	kunyanya
excessively	kunyanyisa
exchange	exchange
excise	excise
excision	excision
excitability	kunakidzwa
excitable	kunakidza
excitation	kunakidzwa
excite	mufaro
excited	kufara
excitement	mufaro
exciting	zvinonakidza
exclaim	danidzira
exclamation	kudanidzira
exclude	kusanganisa
excluded	akaiswa kunze
excluding	kusabvisa
exclusion	kurega
exclusive	chete
excrement	tsvina
excretion	excretion
excruciating	zvinoshamisa
excursion	excursion
excuse	chikonzero
exec	exec
execute	execute
execution	kuurayiwa
executioner	executioner
executive	executive
executor	mutongi
exegesis	exegesis
exemplar	muenzaniso
exemplary	muenzaniso
exemplify	muenzaniso
exempt	kusunungurwa
exemption	kusunungurwa
exercise	kurovedza muviri
exert	shingaira
exertion	kushingaira
exhale	exhale
exhaust	kuneta
exhausted	vaneta
exhaustion	kuneta
exhaustive	zvakakwana
exhibit	kuratidza
exhibition	kuratidzwa
exhilarated	kufara
exhilarating	kunakidza
exhilaration	kushamisika
exhort	kurudzira
exhortation	kukurudzira
exhumation	exhumation
exhume	exhume
exigent	NO TRANSLATION
exile	kutapwa
exist	iripo
existence	kuvapo
existent	iripo
existential	existential
existing	iripo
exit	siya
exodus	exodus
exonerate	kusununguka
exorbitant	exorbitant
exorcism	exorcism
exorcist	exorcist
exotic	zvinoshamisa
expand	kuwedzera
expanded	expanded
expanse	denga
expansion	kuwedzera
expansive	expansive
expatriate	expatriate
expect	tarisira
expectance	kutarisira
expectancy	kutarisira
expectant	kutarisira
expectation	kutarisira
expected	inotarisirwa
expecting	kutarisira
expediency	expediency
expedient	zvinobatsira
expedite	famba
expedition	expedition
expeditious	kunonoka
expel	tsvaga
expendable	kushandiswa
expenditure	kushandiswa
expense	mari
expenses	mari
expensive	inodhura
experience	chiitiko
experienced	vane ruzivo
experiences	zviitiko
experiment	kuedza
experimental	experimental
experimentation	kuedza
experimenter	experimenter
expert	nyanzvi
expertise	hunyanzvi
expiration	kupera
expire	expire
expired	yapera
expiry	kupera
explain	tsanangura
explanation	tsanangudzo
explanatory	tsanangudzo
expletive	expletive
explication	tsanangudzo
explicit	tsanangudzo
explode	kuputika
exploit	kushandisa
exploitation	kushandiswa
exploration	kuongorora
exploratory	exploratory
explore	explore
explorer	explorer
explosion	kuputika
explosions	kuputika
explosive	kuputika
expo	expo
exponent	exponent
exponential	exponential
export	export
exportation	exportation
expose	kubudisa pachena
exposed	akafumurwa
exposition	kutsanangurwa
expository	expository
exposure	exposure
expound	kutsanangura
express	tsanangura
expression	kutaura
expressive	expressive
expressway	expressway
expropriation	expropriation
expulsion	kudzingwa
exquisite	zvakanyanya
exquisitely	zvakanakisisa
extant	iri kure
extend	kuwedzera
extendable	inowedzera
extended	akawedzerwa
extension	kuwedzera
extensive	akadzika
extent	zviyero
exterior	kunze
exterminate	kuparadza
extermination	kuparadzwa
exterminator	exterminator
external	kunze
externally	kunze
extinct	zvinopera
extinction	kuparara
extinguish	kudzima
extinguisher	chidzimidzi
extol	rumbidzai
extort	kunyaradza
extortion	kubata
extra	zvimwe
extract	kubvisa
extracting	kubvisa
extraction	kukohwa
extractor	extractor
extracurricular	extracurricular
extradition	extradition
extrajudicial	kusarura
extramural	zvisingasviki
extraneous	extraneous
extraordinaire	extraordinaire
extraordinary	zvinoshamisa
extraterrestrial	kunze kwenyika
extravagance	kudarika
extravagant	zvinopisa
extravaganza	extravaganza
extreme	zvakanyanya
extreme anticipation	kunyanya kutarisira
extreme disgust	kunyangadza zvakanyanya
extreme surprise	zvakashamisa zvakanyanya
extreme trust	kunyanya kuvimba
extremely	zvakanyanya
extremely negative	zvakaipa zvakanyanya
extremely positive	zvakanyanya kunaka
extremity	kuguma
extricate	yakanyanyisa
extrinsic	kupisa
extrusion	extrusion
exuberance	exuberance
exude	kurega
eye	ziso
eyeball	eyeball
eyebrow	sora
eyeful	anoona
eyeglass	eyeglass
eyeglasses	magirasi
eyelash	eyelashi
eyelet	eyelet
eyeliner	eyeliner
eyepiece	eyepiece
eyes	meso
eyesight	meso
eyewitness	eyewitness
fab	fab
fable	fable
fabled	fabled
fabric	chivara
fabricate	fabricate
fabricated	yakagadzirwa
fabrication	chigadzirwa
fabulous	zvakanaka
facade	facade
face	chiso
faceless	pasina
facet	facet
facial	chiso
facile	NO TRANSLATION
facilitate	kusimudzira
facility	nzvimbo
facing	akatarisana
facsimile	facsimile
fact	chokwadi
faction	chikamu
factor	factor
factory	factory
facts	chokwadi
factual	chokwadi
faculties	faculties
faculty	faculty
fad	fad
fade	fade
faded	faded
faeces	chimedu
fag	fag
faggot	fagot
fail	vanokundikana
failing	kukundikana
failure	kukanganisa
fain	NO TRANSLATION
faint	faint
fainting	kuneta
fair	fair
fairly	fairly
fairness	fairness
fairway	fairway
fairy	fairy
faith	kutenda
faithful	akatendeka
faithfulness	kutendeka
faithless	vasingatendi
fake	fake
faker	faker
falafel	falafel
falcon	falcon
fall	fall
fallacious	zvisina kunaka
fallacy	kutadza
fallback	fallback
fallible	kunokanganisa
falling	falling
fallopian	fallopian
fallout	donha
fallow	kuparara
false	FALSE
falsehood	nhema
falsely	zvenhema
falsification	kukanganisa
falsified	kukanganisa
falsify	kunyengera
falsity	falsity
falter	falter
fame	mukurumbira
famed	famed
familiar	vanoziva
familiarity	unoziva
familiarize	familiarize
family	mhuri
familytime	nguva yemhuri
famine	nzara
famished	nzara
famous	mukurumbira
famously	famously
fan	fan
fanatic	fanatic
fanatical	fanatical
fanaticism	kufarira
fanciful	fanciful
fancy	fancy
fandango	fandango
fanfare	fanfare
fang	NO TRANSLATION
fangs	fangs
fanning	fanning
fantasia	fantasia
fantasize	fantasize
fantastic	fantastic
fantasy	fantasy
faraway	kure kure
farce	farce
farcical	farcical
fare	fare
farewell	farewell
farm	purazi
farmer	murimi
farmhouse	farmhouse
farming	kurima
farmland	mapurazi
faro	faro
fart	fart
farther	kure
fascia	fascia
fascinate	fadza
fascinated	kufadzwa
fascinating	inonakidza
fascination	kufadza
fascism	fascism
fascist	fascist
fashion	fashion
fashionable	fashionable
fastball	fastball
fasten	fasten
fastener	fastener
fastening	fastening
fasting	kutsanya
fat	mafuta
fatal	fatal
fatalism	fatalism
fatality	kuora
fate	fate
fated	fated
fateful	fateful
fathead	fathead
father	baba
fatherhood	baba
fatherland	baba
fatherly	baba
fathom	fathom
fatigue	kuneta
fatigued	tired
fatso	fatso
fatten	fatten
fatty	fatty
faucet	faucet
fault	mhosva
faultless	asina mhosva
faulty	chakaipa
faun	faun
fauna	nyama
faux	faux
favor	nyasha
favorable	inofadza
favorite	unofarira
favoriteholiday	NO TRANSLATION
favoritism	kukanganisa
fawn	fawn
fax	fax
faze	NO TRANSLATION
fear	kutya
feared	kutya
fearful	kutya
fearfully	kutya
fearing	kutya
fearless	kutya
fears	kutya
fearsome	chinotyisa
feasibility	feasibility
feasible	zvinogoneka
feast	mutambo
feat	feat
feather	feather
feathered	feathered
feature	feature
features	features
febrile	febrile
fecal	fecal
feces	feces
fecundity	fecundity
fed	kudya
federal	federal
federation	federation
fedup	NO TRANSLATION
fee	mari
feeble	inoshayiwa simba
feed	feed
feedback	feedback
feeder	feeder
feel	kunzwa
feelgood	feelgood
feeling	kunzwa
feelingdown	NO TRANSLATION
feelinggood	NO TRANSLATION
feet	tsoka
feign	fungidzira
feigned	fungidzirwa
feisty	feisty
felicity	felicity
feline	feline
fell	akawira
feller	feller
fellow	shamwari
fellowship	kuyanana
felon	felon
felony	felony
felt	akanzwa
female	mukadzi
feminine	feminine
femininity	femininity
feminism	feminism
feminist	feminist
femme	NO TRANSLATION
femoral	chikadzi
femur	femur
fen	NO TRANSLATION
fence	fence
fenced	akavakirirwa
fencing	fencing
fend	fend
fender	fender
fennel	fennel
ferment	kunyorera
fermentation	fermentation
fern	fern
ferocious	zvinotyisa
ferocity	ferocity
ferret	ferret
ferry	ferry
ferryboat	NO TRANSLATION
fertile	fertile
fertility	kubereka
fertilize	simbisa
fertilizer	fertilizer
fervent	fervent
fervor	fervor
fess	fess
fest	fest
festival	mutambo
festive	festive
fetal	fetal
fetch	fetch
fete	NO TRANSLATION
fetish	fetish
fetus	fetus
feud	kunyengera
feudal	feudal
feudalism	hunyengeri
fever	fever
feverish	feverish
fiancee	NO TRANSLATION
fiasco	fiasco
fiat	fiat
fib	fiber
fiber	fiber
fiberglass	fiberglasslass
fibrosis	fibrosis
fibrous	fibrous
fickle	fickle
fiction	fiction
fictional	fictional
fictitious	kunyengera
fiddle	fiddle
fiddler	fiddler
fidelity	kutendeka
fidgety	fidgety
fiduciary	fiduciary
field	munda
field hockey	munda hockey
fielder	fielder
fiend	fiend
fiendish	fiendish
fierce	anotyisa
fiery	moto
fiesta	fiesta
fiesty	NO TRANSLATION
fifteen	gumi neshanu
fifty	makumi mashanu
fig	kionde
fight	kurwisa
fighter	murwi
fighting	kurwisana
fights	kurwisana
figment	figment
figurative	mufananidzo
figure	chimiro
figurine	figurin
filament	filament
filamentous	filamentous
file	faira
filet	filet
filibuster	filibuster
filigree	filigree
filing	filing
filings	filings
fill	fill
filler	filler
fillet	fillet
filling	kuzadza
filly	filly
film	firimu
filmmaker	filmmaker
filmy	NO TRANSLATION
filter	firiji
filth	tsvina
filthy	tsvina
filtration	filtration
fin	NO TRANSLATION
final	final
finale	kuguma
finalist	wokupedzisira
finality	kuguma
finalize	kugumisa
finalized	kupedziswa
finally	pakupedzisira
finance	mari
financial	zvemari
financier	mari
finch	finch
find	ona
finder	finder
finding	kuwana
fine	zvakanaka
finery	yakanaka
finesse	finesse
finger	munwe
fingernail	fingernail
fingerprint	fingerprint
fingerscrossed	NO TRANSLATION
finish	pedza
finished	apedza
finite	finite
fink	fink
fir	fir
fire	moto
firearm	chipfuti
firearms	mabhururu
fireball	fireball
firecracker	firecracker
firefight	firefight
firefighter	firefighter
firefly	firefly
firehouse	firehouse
firelight	firelight
fireman	fireman
fireplace	nzvimbo yemoto
firepower	firepower
fireproof	fireproof
fireside	moto
firestorm	moto
firewall	firewall
firewood	huni
firework	moto
fireworks	fireworks
firing	firing
firm	akasimba
firmament	firmament
firmly	zvakasimba
firmness	kusimba
first	chekutanga
firstborn	matangwe
firstworldprobs	NO TRANSLATION
fiscal	fiscal
fish	hove
fisherman	mubati wehove
fishery	hove
fishing	kubata hove
fishing boat	hove hove
fishy	fishy
fissile	fissile
fission	fission
fissure	fissure
fist	fist
fistfight	fistfight
fistful	fistful
fistula	fistula
fit	zvakakodzera
fitness	fitness
fits	fits
fitted	akabatanidzwa
fitting	fitting
fittings	fittings
five	shanu
fiver	fiver
fix	kugadzirisa
fixable	kugadziriswa
fixation	kugadziriswa
fixed	fixed
fixer	fixer
fixture	kugadzirisa
fixtures	zvigadziro
fizz	fizz
fjord	fjord
flabbergast	flabbergast
flabbergasted	rakasvibiswa
flabby	flabby
flaccid	flaccid
flag	flag
flagging	kukanganisa
flagpole	flagpole
flagrant	zvakajeka
flagship	flagship
flagstaff	flagstaff
flair	flair
flak	flak
flake	flake
flaky	flaky
flamboyant	flamboyant
flame	flame
flamethrower	flamethrower
flaming	flaming
flamingo	flamingo
flammable	zvinopisa
flan	flan
flange	flange
flank	flank
flanked	flanked
flanking	flanking
flannel	flannel
flap	flap
flapping	kuvhiringidza
flare	flare
flares	flares
flaring	flaring
flash	flash
flashback	flashback
flashing	flashing
flashlight	flashlight
flashy	flashy
flask	flask
flat	flat
flatbed	flatbed
flatfoot	flatfoot
flatness	flatness
flatten	flatten
flatter	flatter
flattered	flattered
flattering	kunyorera
flattery	flattery
flatulence	flatulence
flaunt	flaunt
flavor	kunakidza
flaw	kukanganisa
flawed	chakakanganisa
flawless	isina chakanaka
flea	flea
fleabag	fleabag
fled	vakatiza
flee	tiza
fleece	bvudzi
fleet	zvikepe
fleeting	nguva shoma
flesh	nyama
fleshy	nyama
flex	flex
flexibility	kugadzirisa
flexible	kugadziriswa
flexin	flexin
flexion	kuruka
flick	flick
flicker	flicker
flickering	flickering
flier	flier
flight	kutiza
flighty	flighty
flimsy	flimsy
flinch	flinch
fling	fling
flint	flint
flip	flip
flip flop	flip flop
flipper	flipper
flipping	flipping
flirt	flirt
flirtation	kufara
flirting	kufara
flirty	flirty
float	float
floater	float
flock	makwai
flog	flog
flood	mafashamo
floor	pasi
flooring	flooring
floozy	floozy
flop	flop
floppy	floppy
flora	flora
floral	maruva
florist	florist
floss	floss
flotation	flotation
flounder	flounder
flour	upfu
flourish	inobudirira
flow	runyura
flower	maruva
flowering	flowering
flowers	maruva
flowery	flowery
flows	inoyerera
flu	furu
fluctuate	kuchinja
fluctuating	kuchinja
fluctuation	kuchinja
flue	flue
fluency	kuratidzira
fluent	zvinonzwisisika
fluff	inoputika
fluffy	fluffy
fluid	fluid
fluidity	kusviba
fluke	fluke
flunk	flunk
flunky	flunky
fluorescence	fluorescence
fluorescent	fluorescent
flurries	flurries
flurry	flurry
flush	flush
flustered	flustered
flute	flute
fluted	kudanidzira
flutter	flutter
fluvial	mvura
flux	flux
fly	fly
flyboy	flyboy
flyer	flyer
flying	kubhururuka
flywheel	flywheel
foal	mbongoro
foam	mhombwe
foaming	kupupuma
foamy	foamy
fob	fob
focal	focal
focus	tarisa
fodder	fodder
foe	muvengi
fog	fog
foggy	foggy
foil	foil
foiled	kukanganiswa
fold	panga
folded	folded
folder	folder
foliage	mavara
folio	folio
folk	vanhu
folklore	manyore
follicle	follicle
follicular	follicular
follow	tevera
follower	muvateveri
folly	upenzi
fond	fond
fondle	fondle
fondling	fondling
fondness	kufarira
fondue	fondue
font	font
food	zvokudya
foodie	foodie
fool	benzi
fooled	fooled
foolhardy	foolhardy
fooling	fooling
foolish	upenzi
foolishness	upenzi
foolproof	benzi
foot	rutsoka
foot stool	rutsoka rwetsoka
footage	zvidzidzo
football	bhora
footbridge	pedo
foothold	foothold
footing	footing
footlocker	footlocker
footloose	footloose
footpath	pathpath
footprint	footprint
footwear	shangu
footwork	footwork
fop	fop
forage	forage
foray	foray
forbearance	kushivirira
forbid	rega
forbidding	kudzivisa
force	simba
forced	kukamanikidzwa
forceful	simba
forceps	forceps
forces	simba
forcibly	kukanganisa
ford	ford
fore	fore
forearm	forearm
foreboding	foreboding
forecast	forecast
forecaster	forecaster
foreclose	foreclose
foreclosure	kufungidzira
forefathers	madzitateguru
forefinger	forefinger
forefront	mberi
forego	forego
foregoing	mberi
foregone	foregone
foreground	foreground
forehead	pahuma
foreign	vatorwa
foreigner	mutorwa
foreman	foreman
foremost	foremost
forensic	forensic
forensics	forensics
foreplay	foreplay
forerunner	forerunner
foresee	foresee
foreseen	akafanoona
foresight	foresight
forest	musango
forestall	kumira
forethought	forethought
foreveralone	nguva yese wega
forevermore	nokusingaperi
forewarned	forewarned
foreword	foreword
forfeit	vanorasikirwa
forfeited	rakarasikirwa
forfeiture	forfeiture
forge	forge
forger	mupfuri
forgery	kukanganisa
forget	kukanganwa
forgetful	kukanganwa
forgetfulness	kukanganwa
forgive	kukanganwira
forgiven	akanganwirwa
forgiveness	kukanganwira
forgiving	kukanganwira
forgotten	akakanganwa
fork	fork
forked	forked
forking	forking
forklift	forklift
forlorn	forlorn
form	fomu
formal	chimiro
formaldehyde	formaldehyde
formalism	formalism
formality	maitiro
format	format
formation	maumbirwo
formative	formative
formed	akaumbwa
formidable	zvinotyisa
forming	kuumba
formless	isina chimiro
formula	formula
formulary	formulary
formulate	formulate
fornicate	chifeve
fornication	ufeve
forsake	siya
forsaken	asiyiwa
forsooth	forsooth
fort	fort
forte	NO TRANSLATION
forthcoming	inouya
forthright	zvakananga
forthwith	pakarepo
fortification	rusvingo
fortify	kusimbisa
fortitude	simba
fortnight	masikati
fortnightly	kamwe chete
fortress	nhare
fortuitous	fortuitous
fortunate	fortunate
fortune	fortune
fortunes	nhare
forty	makumi mana
forum	forum
forward	mberi
forwarding	forwarding
fossil	fossil
fossils	fossils
foul	zvakaipa
found	akawanikwa
foundation	foundation
founder	muvambi
founding	kuumba
foundry	nheyo
fountain	tsime
four	china
fourfold	kane
foursome	zvina
fourteen	gumi neina
fourth	chechina
fowl	shiri
fox	fox
foxhole	foxhole
foxtrot	foxtrot
foxy	foxy
foyer	foyer
fraction	chikamu
fractional	chikamu
fracture	kuputsika
fragile	kushata
fragility	fragility
fragment	fragment
fragmentary	zvishoma
fragrance	kunhuhwirira
fragrant	kunhuwirira
frail	kushaya simba
frailty	utera
frame	frame
framework	framework
franc	franc
franchise	franchise
frank	frank
frankenstorm	NO TRANSLATION
frankness	frankness
frantic	kunetseka
frantically	frantically
frat	frat
fraternal	fraternal
fraternity	fraternity
fraud	unyengeri
fraudulent	unyengeri
fraught	chinokanganisa
fray	fray
frayed	inopera
frazzled	frazzled
freak	freak
freaked	zvakasununguka
freakedout	NO TRANSLATION
freakingout	NO TRANSLATION
freakish	freakish
freakout	vhunduka
freaky	freaky
freckle	shingaira
free	vakasununguka
freebie	freebie
freedom	rusununguko
freehold	freehold
freelance	freelance
freelancer	freelancer
freely	pachena
freeman	vakasununguka
freestyle	freestyle
freeway	freeway
freeze	kufungira
freezer	freezer
freezing	kushungurudza
freight	mutoro
freighter	mutungamiri
french horn	french horn
frenetic	frenetic
frenzied	frenzied
frenzy	frenzy
frequency	nguva zhinji
frequent	kazhinji
frequently	kazhinji
fresco	fresco
fresh	fresh
freshair	NO TRANSLATION
freshen	freshen
freshener	freshener
freshman	freshman
freshness	kutsva
freshstart	freshstart
freshwater	mvura yakachena
fret	fret
fretful	fretful
friar	friar
fricking	fricking
friction	kukakavara
friday	Chishanu
fridge	firiji
fried	fried
friend	shamwari
friendless	shamwari isina
friendliness	shamwari
friendly	shamwari
friends	shamwari
friendship	ushamwari
frigate	frigate
friggen	NO TRANSLATION
fright	kutya
frighten	itya
frightened	vanotya
frightening	inotyisa
frightful	inotyisa
frigid	frigid
fringe	fringe
fringed	fringed
frisbee	frisbee
frisk	NO TRANSLATION
frisky	frisky
frivolous	frivolous
frock	frock
frog	frog
froggy	froggy
frolic	frolic
front	mberi
frontage	frontage
frontal	frontal
frontier	frontier
fronting	fronting
frontispiece	frontispiece
frost	chishu
frostbite	frostbite
frosted	frosted
frosting	frosting
frosty	frosty
froth	froth
frothy	frothy
frown	frown
frowning	kushungurudza
frozen	frozen
frugal	frugal
fruit	chibereko
fruit punch	chibereko punch
fruitcake	fruitcake
fruitful	inobereka
fruition	fruition
fruitless	zvisina zvibereko
fruits	michero
fruity	fruity
frustrate	kuora mwoyo
frustrated	kuora mwoyo
frustrates	zvinokanganisa
frustrating	zvinokanganisa
frustration	kuora mwoyo
fry	Fry
fryer	fryer
fuchsia	fuchsia
fuck	fuck
fuckedoff	fuckedoff
fucker	fucker
fucking	fucking
fuckoff	fuckoff
fucksake	fucksake
fucktard	fucktard
fuckyeah	fuckyeah
fudge	fudge
fuel	mafuta
fugitive	mupoteri
fulcrum	fulcrum
fulfill	kuzadzisa
fulfilled	zvakazadzika
fulfilling	kuzadzika
fulfillment	kuzadzika
full	azere
fullback	fullback
fullness	kuzara
fully	zvakakwana
fulsome	fulsome
fumble	fumble
fume	fume
fumigation	fumigation
fumin	NO TRANSLATION
fuming	fuming
fun	zvinonakidza
function	basa
functional	zvinoshanda
fund	mari
fundamental	primary
fundamentalist	fundamentalist
fundamentally	zvakananga
funday	funday
funding	mari
fundraiser	fundraiser
fundraising	fundraising
funds	mari
funeral	kumariro
fungus	fungus
funk	funk
funky	funky
funnel	funnel
funny	funny
fur	fur
furious	hasha
furiously	nekutsamwa
furlong	furlong
furlough	furlough
furnace	furnace
furnish	shandura
furnishings	midziyo
furniture	midziyo
furor	furor
furrow	furrow
furry	furry
furtherance	kuwedzera
fury	hasha
fuse	fuse
fuselage	fuselage
fusion	fusion
fuss	kukakavara
fussy	fussy
fustrated	NO TRANSLATION
futile	zvisina maturo
futility	futility
futon	futon
future	ramangwana
fuzz	fuzz
fuzzy	fuzzy
gab	NO TRANSLATION
gaby	gaby
gad	gad
gadget	gadget
gaff	gaff
gag	gag
gaga	gaga
gage	gage
gaggle	gaggle
gahhh	NO TRANSLATION
gaiety	gaiety
gain	pfuma
gainful	inobatsira
gaining	gaining
gait	gait
gal	gal
gala	gala
galactic	galactic
galaxy	galaxy
gale	gale
gall	nduru
gallant	gallant
gallantry	gallantry
gallbladder	gallbladder
galled	galled
gallery	gallery
galley	galley
gallon	gallon
gallop	gallop
galloping	kusvetuka
gallows	gallows
galore	galore
galvanic	galvanic
gamble	gamble
gambler	gambler
gambling	kubhejera
game	mutambo
gameday	gameday
gametime	gametime
gaming	gaming
gamma	gamma
gammon	gammon
gamut	gamut
gander	gander
gang	chikwata
gangland	gangland
gangrene	gangrene
gangster	gangster
gangway	gangway
gaol	gaol
gap	gap
gape	gape
gaping	gaping
garage	garaji
garb	karafu
garbage	garbage
garbled	rakasungwa
garden	munda
gardener	munda wemizambiringa
gardening	gardening
gardens	minda
gargle	gargle
gargoyle	gargoyle
garish	garish
garlic	garlic
garment	nguo
garner	garner
garnet	garnet
garnish	kunakidza
garrison	gamba
garter	garter
gas	gasi
gaseous	gaseous
gash	gash
gasification	gasification
gasket	gasket
gasoline	petrooline
gasp	gasp
gasping	gasping
gassy	gassy
gastric	gastric
gastronomy	gastronomy
gate	suo
gatekeeper	gatekeeper
gateway	gateway
gather	kuungana
gatherer	muunganidze
gathering	kuungana
gator	gator
gatorade	gatorade
gauche	NO TRANSLATION
gaudy	gaudy
gauge	gauge
gauging	gauging
gaunt	gaunt
gauntlet	gauntlet
gauze	gauze
gavel	gavel
gawk	gawk
gay	gay
gaze	tarisa
gazebo	gazebo
gazelle	gazelle
gazette	gasette
gazetteer	gasetteer
gazillion	gazillion
gazing	kutarisa
gear	gear
geek	geek
geeky	geeky
geez	geez
geezer	geezer
geisha	geisha
gel	gel
gelatin	gelatin
geld	NO TRANSLATION
gelding	gelding
gem	gem
gemini	gemini
gender	hukama
genealogy	genealogy
general	general
generality	chiito
generalization	generalization
generally	kazhinji
generate	generate
generation	chizvarwa
generative	generative
generator	generator
generic	generic
generosity	kupa
generous	kupa
genesis	genesis
genetic	genetic
genetics	genetics
genial	genial
genie	genie
genital	genital
genitalia	genitalia
genius	genius
genocide	genocide
genome	genome
genre	genre
gent	gent
genteel	genteel
gentile	gentile
gentle	munyoro
gentleman	gentleman
gentlemanly	gentlemanly
gentleness	unyoro
gently	zvinyoro
gentry	gentry
genuine	chaicho
genus	genus
geographic	geographic
geographical	geographical
geography	geography
geological	geological
geologist	geologist
geology	geology
geometric	geometric
geometry	geometry
geranium	geranium
gerbil	gerbil
geriatric	geriatric
germ	mishonga
german	ChiJerimani
germane	germane
germinate	besa
germination	kumera
germs	majeremusi
gestation	gestation
gesture	chiratidzo
get	tora
getaway	ibva ipapo
getoverit	NO TRANSLATION
getoveryourself	NO TRANSLATION
getup	simuka
getyourown	kutorwa
ghastly	ghastly
ghetto	ghetto
ghost	ghost
ghostly	ghostly
ghoul	ghoul
giant	giant
gibberish	gibberish
giddy	giddy
gift	chipo
gifted	gifted
gifts	zvipo
gig	gig
gigantic	gigantic
giggle	giggle
giggles	giggles
giggling	giggling
gigolo	gigolo
gilded	rakagadzirwa
gill	gill
gills	gills
gilt	gilt
gimmick	gimmick
gimp	gimp
gin	gin
ginger	Tsangamidzi
gingerbread	gingerbread
gingerly	gingerly
ginseng	ginseng
giraffe	giraffe
girder	girder
girdle	girding
girl	musikana
girlfriend	musikana
girlie	girlie
girlish	girlish
girly	girly
girth	girth
gist	gist
give	kupa
giveaway	ipa
giver	NO TRANSLATION
giving	kupa
gizmo	gizmo
gizzard	gizzard
glabrous	glabrous
glacial	glacial
glacier	glacier
glad	anofara
glade	glade
gladiator	gladiator
gladness	mufaro
glamorous	kunakidza
glamour	kunakidza
glance	kuona
gland	gland
glare	glare
glaring	glaring
glass	girazi
glasses	girazi
glassware	glassware
glaucoma	glaucoma
glaze	glaze
glazed	glazed
gleam	gleam
gleaming	kupenya
glean	glean
glee	glee
gleeful	unofara
glen	glen
glib	glib
glide	glide
glider	glider
glimmer	glimmer
glimpse	glimpse
glint	glint
glisten	penya
glitch	glitch
glitter	glitter
glittering	kupenya
gloat	gloat
global	pasi rose
globe	globe
globular	globular
gloom	rima
gloomy	rima
glorification	kukudzwa
glorified	kukudzwa
glorify	rumbidzai
glorious	kubwinya
glory	kubwinya
gloss	gloss
glossary	glossary
glossy	glossy
glove	girafu
gloves	gloves
glow	kupenya
glowing	inopenya
glucose	glucose
glue	glue
glum	glum
glut	glut
gluten	gluten
glutton	makara
gluttony	ukara
glycerin	glycerin
gnat	uturu
gnome	gnome
go	enda
goal	chinangwa
goalie	Goalie
goals	zvinangwa
goat	mbudzi
goatee	goatee
gob	gob
gobble	gobble
goblet	goblet
goblin	goblin
god	mwari
godbless	NO TRANSLATION
goddamn	goddamn
goddamned	zvakanyorwa
goddess	mwarikadzi
godfather	godfather
godforsaken	godforsaken
godisgood	godisgood
godisgreat	NO TRANSLATION
godless	godless
godlike	mwari akafanana
godly	Mwari
godmother	godmother
godsend	godsend
godson	godson
gofuckyourself	gofuckyourself
goggle	goggle
goggles	goggles
gold	ndarama
golden	ndarama
goldfish	goldfish
golf	gorofu
golfer	goroferi
golfing	golfing
gondola	gondola
gone	akaenda
goner	goner
gong	NO TRANSLATION
gonorrhea	gonorrhea
goo	goo
goober	goober
good	kugona
goodbye	sara mushe
goodday	zuva rakanaka
goodfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
goodhealth	NO TRANSLATION
goodie	goodie
goodies	goodies
goodlife	hupenyu hwakanaka
goodly	zvakanaka
goodmood	NO TRANSLATION
goodmorning	mangwanani akanaka
goodmusic	goodmusic
goodness	kunaka
goodnews	Nhau dzakanaka
goods	zvinhu
goodtimes	goodtimes
goodvibes	NO TRANSLATION
goodwill	goodwill
goody	zvakanaka
gooey	gooey
goof	goof
goofball	goofball
goofy	goofy
goon	enderera
gooood	gooood
goop	goop
goose	goose
gopher	gopher
gore	Gore
gorge	gorge
gorgeous	kunaka
gorilla	gorilla
gory	gory
gospel	vhangeri
gossip	makuhwa
gothic	gothic
gouge	gouge
goulash	goulash
gourd	gourd
gourmet	gourmet
gout	gout
govern	govern
governess	governess
governing	kuronga
government	hurumende
governmental	governmental
governor	mubati
gown	nguo
grab	tora
grace	nyasha
graceful	nyasha
gracias	NO TRANSLATION
gracious	nyasha
graciously	nenyasha
grad	NO TRANSLATION
gradation	gradation
grade	grade
graded	graded
grader	grader
grades	makirasi
gradient	gradient
gradschool	NO TRANSLATION
gradual	zvishoma nezvishoma
gradually	zvishoma nezvishoma
graduate	apedza kudzidza
graduation	kupedza kudzidza
graffiti	graffiti
graft	kubatanidza
grail	grail
grain	zviyo
gram	gram
grammar	grammar
grand	grand
grand theft auto	grand weft auto
grandchild	grandchild
grandchildren	grandchildren
granddad	granddad
granddaddy	granddaddy
granddaughter	muzukuru
grandeur	grandeur
grandfather	sekuru
grandiose	grandiose
grandma	grandma
grandmother	ambuya
grandpa	grandpa
grandson	grandson
grandstand	grandstand
grange	grange
granite	graniti
granny	gogo
granola	granola
grant	kupa
granted	yakapiwa
grantee	grantee
grantor	grantor
granular	granular
granule	granule
grape	mazambiringa
grape juice	mazambiringa omuzambiringa
grapefruit	mazambiringa
grapes	mazambiringa
grapevine	muzambiringa
graph	grafu
graphic	graphic
graphics	graphics
graphite	graphite
grapple	tora
grappling	kubata
grasp	kubata
grasping	kubata
grass	uswa
grasshopper	mhashu
grassy	uswa
grate	grate
grated	grated
grateful	thank you
gratification	kugutsikana
gratified	gratified
gratify	gratify
gratifying	kufadza
grating	grating
gratis	NO TRANSLATION
gratitude	kuonga
gratuitous	Freeous
gratuity	gratuity
grave	guva
gravel	gravel
graver	NO TRANSLATION
graveyard	makuva
gravitate	gravitate
gravitation	gravitation
gravitational	kuvhiringidza
gravity	gravity
gravy	gravy
gray	gireyi
graze	kudya
grease	mafuta
greased	mafuta
greaser	greaser
greasy	greasy
great	hukuru
great anticipation	kutarisira kukuru
great aunt	amai vangu
great disgust	guru kunyangadza
great grandfather	grandfather
great grandma	grand grandma
great grandmother	grandmother
great grandpa	grandpa grand
great surprise	kushamisika kukuru
great trust	great trust
great uncle	baba vangukuru
greatday	NO TRANSLATION
greater	mukuru
greatest	chikuru
greatfriends	NO TRANSLATION
greatful	NO TRANSLATION
greatly	zvikuru
greatly negative	zvakanyanya zvisina kunaka
greatly positive	rakanaka chaizvo
greatness	ukuru
greatnight	NO TRANSLATION
greed	makaro
greedy	makaro
green	girinhi
green bean	bhinzi bhinzi
green pepper	tsvuku pepuru
green snake	njoka nyoka
greenhouse	greenhouse
greenish	greenish
greenwood	greenwood
greet	Kwazisai
greeted	ndakakwazisa
greeting	kukwazisa
gregarious	gregarious
grenade	grenade
grey	gireyi
greyhound	greyhound
grid	grid
gridiron	gridiron
grief	kuchema
grievance	kunyunyuta
grieve	kuchema
grieved	kuchema
grieving	kuchema
grievous	zvinosuruvarisa
griffin	griffin
grill	grill
grille	grille
grilled	grilled
grim	zvinotyisa
grime	grime
grimy	grimy
grin	grin
grind	grind
grinder	grinder
grinding	kugaya
grindstone	grindstone
gringo	gringo
grip	kubata
gripe	gripe
grisly	grisly
grist	grist
grit	grit
grits	grits
gritty	gritty
grizzly	grizzly
groan	kugomera
grocer	grocer
groceries	groceries
grocery	magura
groggy	groggy
groin	groin
groom	muwani
groove	groove
groovy	groovy
grope	kupembera
gross	zvakanyanya
grotesque	zvinotyisa
grotto	grotto
grouch	grouch
grouchy	grouchy
ground	pasi
grounded	akadzika
groundhog	groundhog
grounding	kumisa
groundless	pasina
grounds	nzvimbo
groundwork	pasi
group	boka
groupie	groupie
grouping	boka
grouse	grouse
grout	grout
grove	mhuru
grovel	rinogomera
grow	kukura
growl	growl
growling	growling
growls	growls
grownup	grownup
growth	kukura
growthefuckup	growthefuckup
grr	grr
grrr	grrr
grrrrr	grrrrr
grub	grub
grubby	grubby
grudge	kugomera
grudging	kugunun'una
grudgingly	kugunun'una
gruel	gruel
grueling	zvinotyisa
gruesome	zvinotyisa
gruff	gruff
grumble	grumble
grump	grump
grumpy	grumpy
grunt	grunt
grunting	kugunun'una
guacamole	guacamole
guano	guano
guarantee	chivimbo
guaranty	kuchengetedza
guard	guard
guarded	guarded
guardhouse	guardhouse
guardian	mutariri
guardianship	kuchengetedza
guards	varindi
gubernatorial	gubernatorial
guerilla	NO TRANSLATION
guerrilla	guerrilla
guess	fungidzira
guesser	guesser
guesswork	guesswork
guest	muenzi
guesthouse	guesthouse
guidance	kutungamirirwa
guide	mutungamiri
guidebook	bhuku rinotungamirira
guidelines	mirayiridzo
guiding	kutungamirira
guild	guild
guile	kunyengera
guillotine	guillotine
guilt	mhosva
guilty	ane mhosva
guinea	Gini
guise	guise
guitar	guitar
guitarist	guitarist
gules	gules
gulf	gulf
gull	gull
gullet	gullet
gullible	kugona
gully	gully
gulp	gulp
gum	gum
gumbo	gumbo
gummy	gummy
gumption	gumption
gun	pfuti
gunboat	gunboat
gunfight	gunfight
gunfighter	gunfighter
gunfire	gunfire
gunk	gunk
gunman	gunman
gunmen	varume vaipfura
gunner	gunner
gunnery	gunnery
gunplay	gunplay
gunpoint	gunpoint
gunpowder	gunpowder
gunshot	gunshot
gunslinger	gunslinger
gurney	gurney
guru	guru
gush	gush
gusher	gusher
gusset	gusset
gust	gust
gusto	NO TRANSLATION
gusty	gusty
gut	gut
gutless	gutless
guts	guts
gutsy	gutsy
gutter	gutter
guy	guy
guzzler	guzzler
guzzling	guzzling
gym	gym
gymnasium	gymnasium
gymnast	gymnast
gymnastic	gymnastic
gymnastics	gymnastics
gynecologist	gynecologist
gynecology	gynecology
gypsy	gypsy
gyroscope	gyroscope
habit	tsika
habitat	kugara
habitation	kugara
habitual	tsika
habitually	habitually
hacienda	hacienda
hack	hack
hacker	hacker
hacksaw	hacksaw
hadenough	NO TRANSLATION
hag	hag
haggard	haggard
haggle	haggle
haiku	haiku
hail	chimvuramabwe
hair	bvudzi
hairball	hairball
hairbrush	hairbrush
haircut	haircut
hairdo	hairdo
hairdresser	vabati vehodzi
hairdryer	hairdryer
hairless	hairless
hairline	hairline
hairpin	hairpin
hairspray	hairspray
hairstyle	hairstyle
hairy	vhudzi
hale	hale
half	hafu
half dollar	hafu yedhora
halfback	halfback
halftime	hafu
halfway	halfway
halibut	halibut
hall	hall
hallelujah	halleluya
hallmark	inoratidzika
hallowed	chitsvene
hallucination	hallucination
hallway	panzira
halo	halo
halt	halt
halter	halter
halting	kumira
halve	halve
halving	halving
ham	ham
hamburger	hamburger
hamlet	hamlet
hammer	nyundo
hammerhead	hammerhead
hammering	hammering
hammock	hammock
hamper	hamper
hamster	hamster
hamstring	hamstring
hand	ruoko
handbag	saga
handball	handball
handbook	bhuku
handcuff	handcuff
handful	handful
handgun	handgun
handheld	handheld
handicap	handicap
handicapped	handicapped
handicraft	handicraft
handiwork	basa remaoko
handkerchief	kikacheki
handle	handle
handler	handler
handmade	handmade
handout	kugovera
handprint	handprint
handshake	handshake
handsome	akanaka
handwriting	handwriting
handy	handy
handyman	handyman
hang	hang
hangar	hangar
hanger	hanger
hanging	hanging
hangman	hangman
hangout	tandara
hangover	hangover
hangry	hangry
hank	hank
hankering	hankering
hanky	hanky
hap	NO TRANSLATION
haphazard	haphazard
hapless	hapless
happen	zvinoitika
happening	zvichiitika
happier	kufara
happiest	anofara zvikuru
happily	nomufaro
happiness	mufaro
happy	anofara
happydance	happydance
happyday	zuva rekufara
happyheart	happyheart
happyholidays	NO TRANSLATION
happynewyear	NO TRANSLATION
happyplace	NO TRANSLATION
happytweet	NO TRANSLATION
happyvalentinesday	NO TRANSLATION
harass	kushungurudza
harassing	kushungurudza
harassment	kushungurudzika
harbinger	harbinger
harbor	harbour
hard	zvakaoma
hardball	hardball
hardcore	hardcore
harden	kuoma
hardened	akaoma
hardening	kuoma
hardheaded	Musoro wakaoma
hardness	kuoma
hardship	dambudziko
hardware	hardware
hardwood	hardwood
hardworking	kushanda nesimba
hardy	rakasimba
hare	hare
harebrained	harebrained
harem	harem
hark	hark
harlot	hufeve
harm	zvinokuvadza
harmful	zvinokuvadza
harmless	hazvina kuipa
harmonica	harmonica
harmonics	harmonics
harmonious	inonzwisisika
harmoniously	harmoniously
harmonize	inobvumirana
harmony	harmony
harness	harness
harp	harp
harper	harper
harpoon	harpoon
harpsichord	harpsichord
harrowing	harrowing
harry	harry
harsh	harsh
harshness	utsinye
hart	hart
harvest	kukohwa
hash	hash
hashish	Hashish
hassle	hassle
haste	kukurumidza
hasten	kurumidza
hastily	nekukurumidza
hasty	kukurumidza
hat	chipewa
hatch	hatch
hatchet	hatchet
hate	kuvenga
hateeee	NO TRANSLATION
hateeveryone	NO TRANSLATION
hateful	vanovenga
hater	hater
hateyou	NO TRANSLATION
hating	kuvenga
hatred	ruvengo
haughty	hauzvikudza
haul	haul
haulage	haulage
haunt	haunt
haunted	haunted
have	have
haven	haven
havoc	kuparadza
haw	haw
hawk	Hawk
hawking	hawking
hay	NO TRANSLATION
haye	haye
hayride	hayride
haystack	tsvina
haywire	haywire
hazard	dambudziko
hazardous	inotyisa
haze	haze
hazmat	hazmat
hazy	hazy
head	musoro
headache	headache
headaches	headaches
headband	headband
headdress	headdress
header	header
headgear	headgear
heading	heading
headland	headland
headless	headless
headlight	headlight
headline	headline
headliner	headliner
headlock	headlock
headlong	headlong
headmaster	mutungamiri mukuru
headphones	headphones
headquarter	headquarter
headquarters	headquarters
headset	headset
headstone	headstone
headstrong	musoro
headway	headway
heady	heady
heal	kurapa
healer	muporesi
healing	kuporesa
health	utano
healthcare	nezveutano
healthful	inofadza
healthy	ane utano
heap	murwi
hear	inzwa
hearer	munzwi
hearing	kunzwa
hearsay	manzwiro
hearse	chinzwa
heart	moyo
heart disease	chirwere chemoyo
heartache	kushungurudzika
heartattack	NO TRANSLATION
heartbeat	heartbeat
heartbreak	heartbreak
heartbreaker	heartbreaker
heartbreaking	kushungurudzika
heartbroken	heartbroken
heartburn	kuora mwoyo
hearted	mwoyo
heartfelt	heartfelt
hearth	hearth
heartily	nomwoyo wose
heartland	heartland
heartless	vasina moyo
hearts	mwoyo
heartsick	heartick
heartworm	heartworm
hearty	hearty
heat	kupisa
heated	hasha
heater	heater
heath	heath
heathen	vahedheni
heather	heather
heating	heat
heave	ruka
heaven	denga
heavenly	kudenga
heavens	matenga
heavily	zvakanyanya
heaviness	kuora mwoyo
heaving	achifamba
heavy	nzara
heavy metal	simbi inorema
heavyweight	heavyweight
heck	heck
hectares	hektares
hectic	hectic
hedge	rusvingo
hedgehog	hedgehog
hedonism	hedonism
hee	hee
heed	teerera
heel	chitsitsinho
heels	heels
heft	heft
hefty	hefty
hegemonic	hegemonic
heheh	NO TRANSLATION
heifer	heifer
height	kureba
heighten	kuwedzera
heightened	yakakura
heinous	chinotyisa
heir	mugari wenhaka
heiress	heiress
heirloom	heirloom
heirs	vagari venhaka
heist	heist
helical	helical
helicopter	helikopta
helipad	helipad
heliport	heliport
helium	helium
helix	helix
hell	gehena
hellfire	gehena remoto
hellhole	hellhole
hellish	hellish
helm	helm
helmet	helmete
helmsman	helmsman
help	rubatsiro
helper	mubatsiri
helpful	anobatsira
helpless	asingabatsiri
helplessness	kubatsira
hem	NO TRANSLATION
hematite	hematite
hematoma	hematoma
hemi	hemi
hemisphere	hemisphere
hemispheric	hemispheric
hemlock	hemlock
hemoglobin	hemoglobin
hemorrhage	kuora ropa
hemorrhoids	hemorrhoids
hemostat	hemostat
hemp	hemp
hen	NO TRANSLATION
henceforth	kubva ipapo
henhouse	henhouse
hepatitis	hepatitis
herald	herald
heraldry	heraldry
herb	mishonga
herbaceous	herbaceous
herbal	herbal
herbarium	herbarium
herbs	herbs
herd	mombe
hereditary	nhaka
heredity	hutano
heresy	kupenga
heretic	heretic
heretical	heretical
heretofore	heretofore
hereunto	hereunto
herewith	ichi
heritage	nhaka
hermaphrodite	hermaphrodite
hermeneutics	hermeneutics
hermit	hermit
hernia	hernia
hero	hero
heroic	heroic
heroics	heroics
heroin	heroin
heroine	heroine
heroism	heroin
herpes	herpes
herpesvirus	herpesvirus
herring	herring
hertz	hertz
hesitant	hesit
hesitate	hessi
hesitating	kusava nechokwadi
hesitation	kushevedza
hetero	hetero
heterogeneity	heterogeneity
heterosexual	heterosexual
hew	hew
hex	hex
hexagon	hexagon
heyday	heyday
hiatus	hiatus
hibernate	hibernate
hibernation	hibernation
hiccup	hiccup
hick	hick
hickey	hickey
hickory	hickory
hidden	zvakavanzika
hide	chivanza
hideaway	hideaway
hideous	hideous
hideout	kuvanza
hiding	chivande
hierarchical	hierarchical
hierarchy	hierarchy
hieroglyphics	hieroglyphics
high	high
high heels	gogo
highball	highball
higher	kumusoro
highest	akakwirira
highland	theland
highlands	masango
highlight	kusimbisa
highness	kukwirira
hight	kukwirira
hightail	hightail
highway	highway
hijack	hijack
hijacker	hijacker
hike	hike
hiker	hiker
hiking	hiking
hiking boot	hiking boot
hilarious	hilarious
hilarity	hilarity
hill	chikomo
hillside	hillside
hilltop	hilltop
hilly	hilly
hilt	hilt
hind	hind
hinder	zvinodzivisa
hindering	kudzivisa
hindrance	chipingamupinyi
hindsight	hindsight
hinge	hinge
hint	hint
hinterland	hinterland
hip	hip
hip hop	hip hop
hippie	hippie
hippo	mvuu
hippopotamus	hippopotamus
hire	hire
hirsute	hirsute
hiss	hiss
hissing	hissing
histology	histology
historian	munyori wenhoroondo
historic	historic
historical	histori
historiography	historiography
history	nhoroondo
hit	hit
hitch	hitch
hitchhike	hitchhike
hitchhiker	hitchhiker
hitherto	hitherto
hitter	hitter
hive	hive
hives	mikoko
hoard	hoard
hoarse	hoarse
hoary	hoary
hoax	hoax
hob	hob
hobbit	hobbit
hobby	hobby
hobo	hobo
hock	hock
hockey	hockey
hoe	NO TRANSLATION
hog	hog
hogwash	hogwash
hohoho	NO TRANSLATION
hoist	hoist
hokey	hokey
hold	akabata
holder	holder
holding	holding
holdup	mira
hole	gomba
holiday	holide
holidays	mazororo
holidayseason	NO TRANSLATION
holiness	utsvene
holistic	pasi rose
holler	holler
hollow	hollow
holly	holly
holocaust	chibayiro
hologram	hologram
holographic	holographic
holster	holster
holy	mutsvene
holyspirit	NO TRANSLATION
homage	kunamata
hombre	NO TRANSLATION
hombres	NO TRANSLATION
home	kumba
homeboy	homeboy
homecoming	homecoming
homeland	nyika yekwavo
homeless	vasina pokugara
homely	vakanaka
homemade	kumba
homeopathic	homeopathic
homeopathy	hosha
homeowner	muimba weimba
homeroom	homeroom
homesick	vanogara kumba
homestead	mudzimba
homesweethome	kumba kunotapira kumba
hometown	musha
homeward	kumba
homework	basa rechikoro
homey	homey
homicidal	homicidal
homicide	kuuraya
homily	homily
homing	homing
hominy	hominy
homo	homo
homogeneity	homogeneity
homogeneous	kufanana
homologous	homologous
homologue	homologue
homology	homology
homophobic	vanoita zvekuvimbika
homosexual	ungochani
homosexuality	ungochani
honcho	honcho
hone	hone
honest	vakatendeseka
honesty	kutendeseka
honey	uchi
honeycomb	honeycomb
honeymoon	honeymoon
honeysuckle	honeysuckle
honk	honk
honky	honky
honor	kukudzwa
honorable	anokudzwa
honorarium	honarium
honorary	honorary
honored	honored
hooch	hooch
hood	hood
hooded	hooded
hoodlum	hoodlum
hoof	hoof
hook	hook
hooked	hooked
hooker	hooker
hookup	batana
hooky	hooky
hooligan	hooligan
hoop	hoop
hoopla	hoopla
hooray	hooray
hoot	hoot
hooter	hooter
hop	hop
hope	tariro
hopeful	tariro
hopeless	hopeless
hopelessness	hope
hopes	tariro
hoping	hope
hopper	hopper
horde	horde
horizon	horizon
horizontal	horizontal
horizontally	horizontally
hormonal	hormonal
hormone	hormone
horn	runyanga
horned	nyanga
hornet	hornet
horny	horny
horoscope	horoscope
horrendous	zvinotyisa
horrible	zvinotyisa
horribly	zvinotyisa
horrid	kushata
horrific	zvinotyisa
horrified	kutya
horrifying	chinotyisa
horror	kutya
horrors	zvinotyisa
horse	bhiza
horseback	horseback
horseman	horseman
horsepower	horsepower
horseradish	horseradish
horseshit	mabhiza
horseshoe	horsehoe
horsey	horsey
horticultural	horticultural
horticulture	horticulture
hosannah	NO TRANSLATION
hose	hose
hosiery	hosiery
hospice	hospice
hospitable	kugamuchira vaeni
hospital	chipatara
hospitality	kugamuchira vaeni
host	musungwa
hostage	hostage
hostel	hostel
hostess	hostess
hostile	hostile
hostilities	utsinye
hostility	utsinye
hot	hot
hot sauce	hot sauce
hotbed	hotbed
hotdog	hotdog
hotel	hotera
hothead	hothead
hotline	hotline
hotshot	hotshot
hotyoga	NO TRANSLATION
hound	hound
hour	awa
hourglass	hourglass
hourly	nguva nenguva
house	imba
houseboat	houseboat
houseboy	houseboy
housebroken	housebroken
houseguest	houseguest
household	mhuri
householder	saimba
housekeeper	muchengeti wemba
housekeeping	housekeeping
housewarming	housewarming
housewife	housewife
housework	mabasa epamba
housing	dzimba
hovel	hovel
hover	hover
hovercraft	hovercraft
howl	chemai
howsoever	chero
hoy	NO TRANSLATION
hub	hub
hubby	hubby
huckleberry	huckleberry
huddle	huddle
hue	hue
huff	huff
huffy	huffy
hug	hug
huge	guru
hugger	hugger
huggy	huggy
hugs	hugs
hulk	hulk
hull	hull
hum	hum
human	vanhu
humane	munhu
humanitarian	kubatsira vanhu
humanities	humanities
humanity	vanhu
humankind	vanhu
humanoid	humanoid
humanrights	NO TRANSLATION
humble	anozvininipisa
humbled	humbled
humbly	humbly
humbug	humbug
humdrum	humdrum
humid	humid
humidity	humidity
humiliate	kunyadzisa
humiliated	kunyadziswa
humiliating	kunyadzisa
humiliation	kunyadziswa
humility	kuzvininipisa
hummer	hummer
hummingbird	hummingbird
humongous	humongous
humor	kuseka
humored	kunyoresa
humorist	humorist
humorous	humorous
hump	hump
humpback	humpback
hunch	hunch
hunchback	hunchback
hundred	zana
hundredth	zana
hunger	nzara
hungry	vane nzara
hunk	hunk
hunks	hunks
hunky	hunky
hunt	hunt
hunter	muvhimi
hunting	hunting
huntress	huntress
hurdle	zvinokanganisa
hurl	rinya
hurrah	hurray
hurricane	dutu
hurricanes	dutu
hurried	akakurumidza
hurry	kurumidza
hurryup	NO TRANSLATION
hurt	zvinokuvadza
hurtful	zvinokuvadza
hurting	kuvhiringidza
husband	murume
husbandry	chibage
hush	hush
hushed	hushed
husk	NO TRANSLATION
husky	husky
hussy	hussy
hustle	hustle
hustler	hustler
hut	hut
hutch	hutch
hyacinth	hyacinth
hybrid	hybrid
hydra	hydra
hydrant	hydrant
hydrate	hydrate
hydraulic	hydraulic
hydraulics	hydraulics
hydrocephalus	hydrocephalus
hydrodynamics	hydrodynamics
hydrogen	hydrogen
hydrographic	hydrographic
hydrology	hydrology
hydrophobia	hydrophobia
hydroponics	hydroponics
hyena	hyena
hygiene	utsanana
hygienic	hygienic
hygienist	hygienist
hymen	hymen
hymn	rwiyo
hype	hype
hyped	hyped
hyper	hyper
hyperactive	hyperactive
hyperbole	hyperbole
hyperspace	hyperspace
hypertension	hypertension
hypertrophy	hypertrophy
hyperventilate	hyperventilate
hyperventilating	hyperventilating
hyphen	hyphen
hypnosis	hypnosis
hypnotic	kunyanya
hypnotist	hypnotist
hypnotize	kunyengera
hypnotized	kunyengedzwa
hypochondriac	hypochondriac
hypocrisy	unyengeri
hypocrite	munyengeri
hypocritical	unyengeri
hypodermic	hypodermic
hypothalamus	hypothalamus
hypothermia	hypothermia
hypothesis	hypothesis
hypothetical	hypothetical
hysterectomy	hysterectomy
hysteria	hysteria
hysterical	hysterical
ibuprofen	ibuprofen
ice	ice
ice tea	ice tea
iceberg	iceberg
icebox	icebox
icebreaker	icebreaker
iced	iced
icing	icing
icky	icky
icon	icon
iconic	iconic
iconography	iconography
icy	ic
id	id
idea	pfungwa
ideal	yakanaka
idealism	idealism
idealist	idealist
idealistic	chinangwa
identical	zvakafanana
identically	zvakafanana
identification	chiratidzo
identify	ona
identity	identity
ideology	pfungwa
idiocy	idiocy
idiom	idiom
idiomatic	idiomatic
idiot	idiot
idiotic	idiotic
idiots	idiots
idle	havana
idleness	kubata
idler	idler
idol	chifananidzo
idolatry	kunamata zvidhori
idolizing	idolizing
idyllic	idyllic
iffy	iffy
ifonly	ifonly
igloo	igloo
igneous	negneous
ignite	pisa
ignition	kupisa
ignorance	kusaziva
ignorant	vasingazivi
ignore	ignore
iguana	iguana
ihatespiders	NO TRANSLATION
ilk	NO TRANSLATION
ill	zvakaipa
illegal	zvisiri pamutemo
illegality	kusateerera mutemo
illegally	zvisiri pamutemo
illegible	hazvibvumirwi
illegitimate	zvisiri pamutemo
illicit	hazvibvumirwi
illiterate	kusaverenga
illness	kurwara
illogical	zvisina musoro
illuminate	kujekesa
illuminating	kujekesa
illumination	kujekesa
illuminator	chiedza
illusion	kunyengera
illustrate	kuratidza
illustration	mufananidzo
illustrative	kuenzanisira
illustrious	zvinoshamisa
ilovechristmas	NO TRANSLATION
iloveher	NO TRANSLATION
image	image
imagery	mifananidzo
imaginable	inofungidzirwa
imaginary	kufungidzira
imagination	kufunga
imaginative	inofungidzira
imagine	fungidzira
imagined	akafungidzirwa
imaging	imaging
imagining	kufungidzira
imam	NO TRANSLATION
imbalance	kusagadzikana
imbecile	imbecile
imbedded	imbedded
imissyou	NO TRANSLATION
imitate	tevedzera
imitated	kutevedzera
imitation	kutevedzera
immaculate	immaculate
immaterial	immaterial
immature	immature
immaturity	kusachena
immeasurable	zvisakanganisika
immeasurably	zvinoshamisa
immediacy	immediacy
immediate	pakarepo
immediately	pakarepo
immemorial	chinyorwa
immense	immense
immerse	immerse
immersion	kubhabhatidzwa
immigrant	immigrant
immigration	immigration
imminent	yava pedyo
immobile	immobile
immoral	unzenza
immorality	unzenza
immortal	kusingafi
immortality	kusafa
immovable	kusununguka
immune	immune
immunity	kudzivirira
immunization	utachiona
immutable	kusagadzikana
imp	imp
impact	kuchinja
impair	kuora mwoyo
impaired	akanganisa
impairment	kuora mwoyo
impart	kupa
impartial	kusarura
impartiality	kusasarura
impassable	risingagoneki
impassioned	kunzwira tsitsi
impatience	kushivirira
impatient	kushivirira
impatiently	NO TRANSLATION
impeach	impeach
impeachment	kunyengera
impeccable	unofadza
impede	zvinopesana
impediment	chiremera
impelled	akakurudzirwa
impending	kuswedera
impenetrable	zvisingagoneki
imperative	zvakakosha
imperceptible	imperceptible
imperfect	asina kukwana
imperfection	kusakwana
imperfectly	isina kukwana
imperial	imperial
imperialist	NO TRANSLATION
impermeable	kusakanganisika
impermissible	asingagoneki
impersonal	asingasviki
impersonate	kutevedzera
impersonation	kuzvienzanisa
impersonator	muteereri
impertinence	impertinence
impertinent	impertinent
impervious	isina kukwana
impetuous	unotyisa
impetus	kukurudzira
implacable	kusagadzikana
implant	implant
implantation	implantation
implanted	kuiswa
implement	implement
implicate	zvinokosha
implicated	chinonzwisisika
implication	zvinoreva
implied	implied
implore	kukumbira
implosion	implosion
imply	zvinoreva
impolite	kusava nehanya
import	import
importance	kukosha
important	zvinokosha
importation	importation
impose	impose
imposing	kudzidzisa
imposition	imposition
impossibility	hazvigoneki
impossible	hazvigoneki
impostor	munyengeri
impotence	kusava nesimba
impotent	vasina simba
impound	chinokonzera
impoverished	murombo
impracticable	hazvigoneki
impractical	hazvina basa
impregnable	asingakanganisi
impregnate	zvisina kumira
impress	kufadza
impressed	akashamiswa
impression	mafungiro
impressionable	inogoneka
impressive	anoshamisa
imprint	zvinyorwa
imprison	kusungwa
imprisoned	ari mujeri
imprisonment	kuiswa mujeri
improbable	zvisingaitiki
impromptu	impromptu
improper	zvisina kunaka
impropriety	zvisina kukodzera
improve	kuvandudza
improved	yakagadziridzwa
improvement	kubudirira
improves	inovandudza
improving	kuvandudza
improvisation	improvisation
improvise	improvise
improvised	rakasimudzirwa
imprudent	kusaziva
impudence	kusava nehanya
impudent	asina hanya
impulse	chido
impulsive	kushingaira
impunity	kusaruramisira
impure	hazvina kuchena
impurity	kusachena
imputation	imputation
imtryingtosleep	NO TRANSLATION
inability	kusakwanisa
inaccessible	inaccessible
inaccurate	zvisina kururama
inaction	kusaita
inactivate	inactivate
inactivation	inactivation
inactive	inactive
inactivity	inactivity
inadequacy	kukwana
inadequate	kukwana
inadequateness	inadequateness
inadmissible	inadmissible
inadvertent	inadvertent
inadvertently	zvisingazivikanwi
inaffable	NO TRANSLATION
inalienable	inalienable
inane	inane
inanimate	inanimate
inapplicable	inapplicable
inappropriate	zvisina kukodzera
inattention	kutarisira
inaudible	inaudible
inaugural	inaugural
inaugurate	inaugurate
inauguration	kuvhudzirwa
inborn	inborn
inbound	inbound
inbred	inbred
incalculable	incalculable
incandescent	incandescent
incantation	incantation
incapable	haigoni
incapacity	kusakwanisa
incarceration	kuiswa mujeri
incarnate	chimiro
incase	zvikazo
incendiary	incendiary
incense	rusenzi
incensed	kutsamwa
incentive	kukurudzira
inception	inception
incessant	incessant
incessantly	asingagumi
incest	incest
incestuous	incestuous
inch	inch
incidence	chiitiko
incident	chiitiko
incidental	zvisinei
incidentally	zvakangoitika
incineration	kupisa
incinerator	incinerator
incipient	incipient
incision	incision
incisive	kusanzwisisa
incite	kurudzira
incitement	kufarira
inclement	kuwedzera
inclination	mafungiro
incline	svetuka
inclined	akazvipira
include	inosanganisira
included	akabatanidzwa
including	kusanganisira
inclusion	kuiswa
inclusive	kusanganisira
incognito	incognito
incoherent	zvisina kufanira
income	mari
incoming	kupinda
incomparable	zvisingaenzaniswi
incompatible	kusawirirana
incompetence	kusakwanisa
incompetent	vasina kukwana
incomplete	hazvina kukwana
incompletely	incompletely
incompleteness	kusakwana
incomprehensible	asinganzwisisiki
inconceivable	zvisingaiti
inconclusive	kusinganzwisisiki
incongruous	incongruous
inconsequential	zvisina kukodzera
inconsiderate	kusafungisisa
inconsistency	kusawirirana
inconsistent	kusawirirana
inconspicuous	zvisinganzwisisiki
incontinence	incontinence
inconvenience	kusagadzikana
inconvenient	kusagadzikana
incorporate	incorporate
incorporation	incorporation
incorrect	hazvina kukodzera
incorrigible	incorrigible
increase	kuwedzera
increased	kuwedzera
incredible	zvinoshamisa
incredulous	incredulous
increment	increment
incriminate	kutsvaira
incriminating	kutsoropodza
incrimination	incrimination
incubation	incubation
incubator	incubator
incubus	incubus
incumbent	incumbent
incur	incur
incurable	asingagoni kurapwa
incursion	incursion
indebted	chikwereti
indecency	indecency
indecent	indecent
indecision	indecision
indecisive	indecisive
indefensible	kusakanganisika
indefinite	nokusingaperi
indelible	inokanganisika
indemnification	kubvumirana
indemnify	kuremekedza
indemnity	indemnity
indent	indent
indentation	indentation
indenture	indenture
independence	kuzvimirira
independent	independent
indescribable	kusinganzwisisiki
indestructible	indestructible
indeterminate	indeterminate
index	index
indicate	inoratidza
indicating	kuratidza
indication	chiratidzo
indicative	chinoratidza
indicator	chiratidzo
indice	NO TRANSLATION
indict	kunyatsopomerwa
indictment	kunyunyuta
indie	indie
indifference	kusafarira
indifferent	vasina hanya
indigenous	indigenous
indigent	indigent
indigestion	indigestion
indignant	angry
indignation	hasha
indignity	kutsamwa
indigo	indigo
indirect	indirect
indiscreet	asinganzwisisi
indiscretion	kusaziva
indispensable	zvinonyanya kukosha
indisposed	indisposed
indistinct	asinganzwisisiki
indistinguishable	indistinguishableble
individual	mumwe munhu
individuality	individuality
indivisible	indivisible
indoctrination	indoctrination
indolent	indolent
indomitable	zvisingabviri
indoor	indoor
induce	induce
induced	induced
inducement	inducement
induction	induction
indulge	indulge
indulgence	kuzvidzora
indulgent	indulgent
industrial	mafashoni
industrialist	industrialist
industrious	kushingaira
industry	industry
ineffable	ineffable
ineffective	zvisina maturo
ineffectual	ineffectual
inefficiency	inefficiency
inefficient	inefficient
inelastic	inelastic
ineligible	ineligible
inept	inept
ineptitude	ineptitude
inequality	kusaenzana
inequitable	kusakanganiswa
inert	inert
inertia	inertia
inevitable	hazvigoneki
inexact	kusagadzikana
inexcusable	inexcusable
inexhaustible	kusingaperi
inexpensive	kuchipa
inexperience	inexperience
inexperienced	inexperienced
inexplicable	inexplicable
inexpressible	inexpressible
infallibility	infallibility
infallible	kusakanganisika
infamous	chinopesana
infamy	infamy
infancy	paucheche
infant	mwana
infanticide	infanticide
infantile	infantile
infantry	infantry
infarct	inopesana
infatuated	kunonyorerwa
infatuation	infatuation
infeasible	infeasible
infect	kuuraya
infection	utachiona
infectious	zvinopararira
infer	kupera
inference	inference
inferential	kusingagumi
inferior	pasi
inferiority	kuderera
infernal	infernal
inferno	inferno
infertile	infertile
infertility	kusabereka
infestation	kupera
infidel	infidel
infidelity	kusatenda
infield	infield
infiltrate	kupinda mukati
infiltration	kupinda
infinite	risingaperi
infinitely	zvisingaperi
infinitesimal	infinitesimal
infinity	infinity
infirm	vanoshaya simba
infirmary	chiremba
infirmity	utera
inflammation	kuputika
inflammatory	kupisa
inflatable	inflatable
inflate	inflate
inflated	inokanganiswa
inflation	inflation
inflection	kukanganisa
inflict	zvinokonzera
infliction	kupesana
inflorescence	inflorescence
influence	simba
influential	ine simba
influenza	fukenza
influx	kuwedzera
info	info
infomercial	infomercial
inform	zivisa
informal	zvisina kufanira
informant	zvisinganzwisisiki
information	mashoko
informative	inodzidzisa
informed	akaudzwa
informer	mutauri
infraction	mhosva
infrared	infrared
infrastructure	zvivakoti
infrequent	zvishoma
infrequently	zvishoma
infringement	kupesana
infuriate	infuriate
infuriated	kutsamwa
infuriates	infuriates
infuriating	infuriating
infuse	infuse
infused	akapinza
infuser	kudzvinyirira
infusion	infusion
ingenious	ingenious
ingenuity	ingwaru
ingest	ingest
ingestion	kumeza
ingot	ingot
ingrained	zvakagadziriswa
ingrate	ingrate
ingredient	zvinoshandiswa
ingress	ingress
inhabit	vagare
inhabitant	vagari
inhabited	inogarwa
inhabiting	kugara
inhalation	inhalation
inhale	inhale
inhaler	inhaler
inherent	inherent
inherit	nhaka
inheritance	nhaka
inhibit	inhibit
inhibition	inhibition
inhibitor	inhibitor
inhospitable	isingabatsiri
inhuman	inhuman
inhumane	inhumane
inhumanity	inhumanity
inimaginable	NO TRANSLATION
inimical	inimical
inimitable	inimitable
iniquity	zvakaipa
initial	kutanga
initiate	initiate
initiated	akatanga
initiation	initiation
initiative	kutanga
inject	inject
injection	injection
injunction	chirevo
injure	kukuvadza
injured	vakakuvara
injuring	kukuvara
injurious	zvinokuvadza
injury	kuipa
injustice	kusaruramisira
ink	ink
inkling	inkling
inland	inland
inlay	inlay
inlet	inlet
inmate	vasungwa
inn	chivako
innards	innards
innate	innate
inner	mukati
innermost	innermost
innerpeace	NO TRANSLATION
inning	inning
innings	innings
innkeeper	muvakidzani
innocence	kusava nemhosva
innocent	asina mhosva
innocently	zvisina mhosva
innocuous	kusachena
innovate	innovate
innovation	innovation
innovative	innovative
innuendo	innuendo
innumerable	vasingaverengwi
inoculation	inoculation
inoperable	inoperable
inoperative	inoperative
inordinate	inordinate
inorganic	inorganic
input	purogiramu
inquest	kubvunza
inquire	bvunza
inquirer	mubvunze
inquiring	kubvunza
inquiry	kubvunza
inquisitive	kubvunzisisa
inquisitor	inquisitor
insane	kupenga
insanity	insanity
insatiable	kusagadzikana
inscription	kunyorwa
inscrutable	zvinopesana
insect	insect
insecticide	insecticide
insecure	kusachengeteka
insecurity	kusachengeteka
insemination	insemination
insensitive	kusava nehanya
inseparable	kusagadzikana
insert	shandisa
inserted	akaiswa
insertion	kuisa
inside	mukati
insider	insider
insidious	insidious
insight	njere
insightful	kunzwisisa
insignia	insignia
insignificance	kusakosha
insignificant	zvisina basa
insinuate	insinuate
insipid	insipid
insist	kusimbisa
insistence	kushivirira
insistent	kushivirira
insists	anoramba
insolence	kunyadzisa
insolent	kunyadzisa
insoluble	insoluble
insolvency	insolvency
insolvent	insolvent
insomnia	kusuruvara
insomniac	insomniac
inspect	chengetedza
inspection	kuongorora
inspector	inspector
inspiration	kufemerwa
inspirational	inspirational
inspire	inspire
inspired	akafuridzirwa
instability	kusagadzikana
install	install
installation	kuiswa
installment	chikamu
instance	muenzaniso
instant	pakarepo
instantaneous	pakarepo
instantaneously	pakarepo
instigate	chinokonzera
instigation	kukanganisa
instill	kuisa
instinct	chimiro
instinctive	chimiro
institute	institute
institution	masangano
instruct	dzidzisa
instructed	anorayirwa
instruction	murayiridzo
instructional	instructional
instructions	mirayiridzo
instructive	kudzidzisa
instructor	mudzidzisi
instrument	chiridzwa
instrumental	shingairira
instrumentalist	instrumentalist
instrumentality	instrumentality
insubordination	insubordination
insufferable	insufferable
insufficiency	kutadza
insufficient	hazvina kukwana
insufficiently	insufficiently
insular	insular
insulate	insulate
insulated	insulated
insulation	insulation
insulin	insulin
insult	kuseka
insulting	kunyomba
insurance	inshuwarisi
insure	insure
insurgent	kupandukira
insurmountable	kusagadzikana
insurrection	insurrection
intact	zvakasimba
intake	kudya
intangible	zvisingaonekwi
integer	integer
integral	integral
integrate	inobatanidza
integration	kubatana
integrity	kutendeka
intellect	njere
intellectual	njere
intelligence	njere
intelligent	akachenjera
intelligibility	kunzwisisa
intelligible	inonzwisisika
intend	intend
intended	chinangwa
intending	chinangwa
intense	zvakanyanya
intensely	zvakanyanya
intensify	kuwedzera
intensity	intensity
intensive	zvakasimba
intent	chinangwa
intention	chinangwa
intentional	intentional
intentionally	chinangwa
inter	inter
interact	inobatanidza
interaction	kusangana
interactive	interactive
intercede	intercede
intercept	bvisa
interception	kupindira
intercession	kunyengeterera
interchange	kutaurirana
interchangeable	kushandura
interchanged	kuchinjana
intercom	intercom
intercourse	kurara
interdependence	kushamwaridzana
interdependent	kupindirana
interdiction	kupesana
interest	kufarira
interested	anofarira
interesting	zvinonakidza
interface	interface
interfere	kupindira
interference	kupindira
interferometer	interferometer
intergalactic	intergalactic
interim	nguva
interior	mukati
interject	kupindirana
interlocutory	interlocutory
interlude	interlude
intermediary	mutauriri
intermediate	pakati
interment	kupembera
interminable	zvisingagoneki
intermission	kupembera
intermittent	pakati
intern	intern
internal	mukati
internally	internally
international	international
internet	internet
internship	internship
interoffice	interoffice
interpolate	interpolate
interpolation	kunyorwa
interpret	kududzira
interpretation	kududzira
interpreter	muturikiri
interpretive	kududzira
interrelated	zvakabatana
interrogate	kubvunzurudza
interrogation	kubvunzurudzwa
interrupt	kupopotedzana
interrupted	kukanganiswa
interrupting	kupopotedzana
interruption	kukanganiswa
interrupts	zvinokanganisa
intersect	kupindirana
intersection	kupindirana
interstate	interstate
interstellar	interstellar
interstitial	interstitial
interval	nguva
intervene	kupindira
intervening	kupindira
intervention	kupindira
interview	kubvunzurudzwa
interviewer	mubvunzurudzo
interworking	kushanda mukati
intestate	intestate
intestinal	mukati
intestine	utumbo
intestines	matumbo
intimacy	ukama hwepedyo
intimate	hwepedyo
intimately	zvakananga
intimation	kushamiswa
intimidate	kutya
intimidated	kutya
intimidating	kutya
intimidation	kutyisidzirwa
intolerable	kusingagumiki
intolerance	kusawirirana
intolerant	kusagutsikana
intonation	intonation
intoxicated	inxicated
intoxicating	inxicating
intoxication	inxication
intracranial	asingashandi
intractable	zvisingaiti
intramural	intramural
intravenous	intravenous
intrepid	intrepid
intricate	zvakaoma
intrigue	kunyunyuta
intriguing	zvinoshamisa
intrinsic	intrinsic
intrinsically	zvakananga
intro	chirevo
introduce	taurira
introduction	sumo
introductory	kutanga
introspection	introspection
introspective	introspective
intrude	intrude
intruder	intruder
intrusion	intrusion
intrusive	intrusive
intubation	intubation
intuition	intuition
intuitive	intuitive
intuitively	intuitively
inundation	inundation
invade	inopinda
invader	muvengi
invalid	invalid
invalidate	invalidate
invalidation	kusavhiringidzwa
invalidity	kusavimbika
invaluable	inokosha
invariably	nguva dzose
invasion	kupinda
invasive	invasive
invent	Gadzira
invention	yakagadzirwa
inventive	inventive
inventor	inventor
inventory	kuverenga
inverse	inverse
inversely	inversely
inversion	inversion
invert	invert
inverted	inverted
invest	invest
investigate	tsvaga
investigation	kuongorora
investigative	kuongorora
investigator	muongorori
investment	investments
investor	investor
invidious	invidious
invigorate	simba
invincible	kusakundikana
invisibility	kusingaoneki
invisible	asingaoneki
invitation	kukokwa
invite	kumbira
inviting	kukoka
invocation	kukumbira
invoice	invoice
invoke	invoke
involuntary	kusazvipira
involution	kuchinja
involve	inosanganisira
involvement	kubatanidzwa
invulnerable	asingakwanisi
inwards	inward
iodine	iodine
ion	ion
iota	iota
irate	kutsamwa
ire	NO TRANSLATION
iridescent	iridescent
iris	iris
irked	irked
irks	irks
iron	dare
ironclad	ironclad
ironic	ironic
irons	irons
irony	ironyoni
irradiation	irradiation
irrational	kusanzwisisa
irrationality	irrationality
irreconcilable	kusagadzikana
irreducible	irreducible
irrefutable	risingagoneki
irregular	zvisiri izvo
irregularity	kusagadzikana
irregularly	zvisina kufanira
irrelevant	hazvinei
irreparable	kusakanganisika
irreplaceable	irreplaceable
irrepressible	irrepressible
irresistible	irresistible
irrespective	zvisinei
irresponsible	kusava nehanya
irreverent	kusaremekedza
irreversible	kusakanganiswa
irrevocable	inogadziriswa
irrigate	irrigate
irrigation	kunwisa
irritability	kutsamwa
irritable	zvinogumbura
irritate	zvinogumbura
irritated	akatsamwa
irritates	inotsamwisa
irritating	inogumbura
irritation	kutsamwa
island	chiwi
isle	isle
islet	islet
isolate	oga
isolated	kurega
isolation	kuzvidzora
isomorphism	isomorphism
isothermal	isothermal
isotope	isotope
issue	nyaya
itch	itch
itching	itching
itchy	itchy
item	item
itemize	itemize
items	zvinhu
iterate	iterate
iteration	iteration
iterative	iterative
itinerant	inofamba
itinerary	rwendo
ivory	nyanga dzenzou
jab	jab
jabber	jabber
jack	jack
jackal	jackal
jackass	jackasi
jacket	jacket
jackhammer	jackhammer
jackpot	jackpot
jackrabbit	jackrabbit
jacks	jacks
jade	jade
jaded	jaded
jag	NO TRANSLATION
jagged	jagged
jaguar	jaguar
jail	jeri
jailbird	jailbird
jailbreak	jailbreak
jailer	jailer
jailhouse	jailhouse
jalopy	jalopy
jam	jamu
jamboree	jamboree
jammed	jammed
jammer	jammer
janitor	janitor
janitorial	janitorial
japan	Japani
jar	jar
jargon	jargon
jarhead	musoro wemusoro
jarring	jarring
jasmine	jasmine
jasper	jasper
jaundice	jaundice
jaunt	jaunt
java	java
javelin	javelin
jaw	jaya
jawbone	rushaya
jaws	masaya
jay	jay
jazz	jazz
jazzy	jazzy
jealous	godo
jealousy	godo
jean	jean
jeans	jeans
jeep	jeep
jeering	jeering
jelly	jelly
jellybean	jellybean
jellyfish	jellyfish
jenny	jenny
jeopardize	kuisa pangozi
jeopardy	njodzi
jerk	jerk
jerks	jerks
jerky	jerky
jersey	jeresi
jest	NO TRANSLATION
jester	jester
jesus	Jesu
jet	jet
jetty	jetty
jewel	jewel
jeweler	jeweler
jewelry	zvishongo
jib	jib
jiff	NO TRANSLATION
jiffy	jiffy
jig	jig
jiggle	jiggle
jigsaw	jigsaw
jihad	jihad
jimmy	jimmy
jingle	jingle
jinx	jinx
jitters	jitters
jittery	jitteri
jive	jive
job	basa
jobinterview	NO TRANSLATION
jock	jock
jockey	jockey
jockstrap	jockstrap
jog	jog
jogger	jogger
john	john
join	join
joined	akabatanidzwa
joining	joining
joint	joint
jointly	pamwe
joke	joke
joker	joker
joking	joking
jolly	jolly
jolt	jolt
jornada	NO TRANSLATION
jot	jot
jour	NO TRANSLATION
journal	magazini
journalism	journalism
journalist	munyori wenhau
journalistic	journalistic
journey	rwendo
journeyman	journeyman
joust	joust
jovial	jovial
joy	mufaro
joyful	kufara
joyous	kufara
joyride	happyride
joys	mufaro
jubilant	jubilant
jubilee	jubheri
judge	mutongi
judged	kutongwa
judging	kutonga
judgment	kutonga
judgmental	kutonga
judicial	magweta
judiciary	judiciary
judicious	judicious
judo	judo
jug	jug
juggle	juggle
juggler	juggler
juggling	juggling
jugular	jugular
juice	juice
juicer	juicer
juicy	juicy
juju	NO TRANSLATION
juke	juke
jukebox	jukebox
jumble	jumble
jumbled	jumbled
jumbo	jumbo
jump	svetuka
jump rope	ramba rambo
jumper	jumper
jumpsuit	jumpsuit
jumpy	jumpy
junction	junction
juncture	juncture
jungle	jungle
junior	junior
juniper	juniper
junk	tsvina
junket	junket
junkie	junkie
junky	junky
junkyard	junkyard
junta	junta
juridical	juridical
jurisdiction	simba
jurisprudence	mhosva yezvemhosva
jurist	jurist
juror	juror
jury	jury
justice	kururamisira
justifiable	zvinokodzera
justification	kururamiswa
justify	ruramisira
juststop	NO TRANSLATION
justthebeginning	NO TRANSLATION
jute	jute
juvenile	juvenile
juxtaposition	juxtaposition
kaiser	kaiser
kale	kare
kaleidoscope	kaleidoscope
kamikaze	kamikaze
kangaroo	kangaroo
kanji	kanji
kappa	kappa
kaput	NO TRANSLATION
karaoke	karaoke
karate	karate
karma	karma
karmic	karmic
kayak	kayak
kazoo	kazoo
kebab	kebab
keel	keel
keen	keen
keep	chengeta
keeper	muchengeti
keeping	kuchengeta
keepsake	keepsake
keg	keg
kelp	kelp
ken	ken
kennel	kennel
kerchief	kerchief
kern	kern
kernel	kernel
kerosene	kerosene
ketchup	ketchup
kettle	kettle
key	key
keyboard	keyboard
keyed	keyed
keyhole	keyhole
keynote	keynote
keypad	keypad
keystone	keystone
keyword	keyword
khaki	khaki
khan	khan
kibble	kibble
kick	kick kick
kickboxing	kickboxing
kicker	kicker
kicking	kicking
kickoff	tanga
kid	kid
kidder	kidder
kidding	nhambe
kiddo	kiddo
kiddos	kiddos
kidnap	kidnap
kidnapped	kidnapped
kidnapper	kidnapper
kidnapping	kubata
kidney	itsvo
kids	vana
kill	kuuraya
killer	muurayi
killing	kuuraya
killjoy	killjoy
kiln	kiln
kilo	NO TRANSLATION
kilogram	kilogram
kilometer	kilometer
kilt	kilt
kimono	kimono
kin	kin
kind	mutsa
kindergarten	kuchikoro
kindling	kuratidza
kindness	mutsa
kindred	hama
kinematics	kinematics
kinesiology	kinesiology
kinetic	kinetic
king	mambo
king snake	nyoka nyoka
kingdom	umambo
kingpin	kingpin
kink	kink
kinky	kinky
kinship	kinship
kiosk	kiosk
kirk	kirk
kiss	kiss
kisser	kisser
kissy	kissy
kit	kit
kitchen	kicheni
kite	kite
kitten	kitten
kiwi	kiwi
klutz	klutz
knack	knack
knapsack	knapsack
knead	bfugama
knee	mabvi
kneecap	kneecap
kneel	bfugama
kneeling	akapfugama
knell	knell
knick	knick
knickers	knickers
knife	banga
knight	knight
knighthood	knighthood
knit	knit
knob	chipfu
knock	knock
knockoff	knockoff
knockout	donhedza
knoll	knoll
knot	knot
knots	knots
knotted	knotted
know	munoziva
knowing	kuziva
knowingly	kuziva
knowledge	ruzivo
knowledgeable	knowledgeable
knuckle	knuckle
knucklehead	knucklehead
knuckles	knuckles
koala	koala
kook	NO TRANSLATION
kooky	kooky
kool-aid	kool-rubatsiro
kos	kos
kosher	kosher
kraut	NO TRANSLATION
kris	kris
kryptonite	kryptonite
kudos	kudos
kumquat	kumquat
lab	lab
label	kunyora
labor	kushanda
laboratory	laboratory
labored	vakashanda
laborer	mushandi
laboring	kushanda
laborious	laborious
labyrinth	labyrinth
lac	lac
lace	lace
laceration	laceration
lack	kushaya
lackey	lackey
lacking	inoshayiwa
lackluster	lackluster
lacquer	lacquer
lacrosse	lacrosse
lactose	lactose
lad	mukomana
ladder	ladder
laddie	laddie
laden	akatakura
lading	lading
ladle	ladle
lady	mukadzi
lady bug	NO TRANSLATION
ladybug	ladybug
ladylike	ladylike
ladyship	ladyship
lag	lag
lager	NO TRANSLATION
lagging	kumira
lagoon	lagoon
lair	lair
laity	vanhu
lake	lake
lama	NO TRANSLATION
lamb	gwayana
lame	chirema
lament	kuchema
lamenting	kuchema
lamina	lamina
laminated	laminated
lamp	mwenje
lamppost	lamppost
lance	lance
lancer	lancer
land	nyika
landed	akadzika
landfall	landfall
landfill	landfill
landing	landing
landlady	landlady
landlocked	landlocked
landlord	muridzi weimba
landmark	landmark
lands	nyika
landscape	landscape
landscaping	landscaping
landslide	landslide
lane	lane
language	mutauro
languid	dambudziko
languish	kuneta
languishing	kuneta
lanky	lanky
lantern	mwenje
lap	chikwata
lapdog	lapdog
lapel	lapel
lapse	kupera
lapsed	rakapera
laptop	laptop
larceny	larceny
lard	lard
larder	larder
large	guru
larger	chikuru
largo	NO TRANSLATION
lark	lark
larva	larva
laryngitis	laryngitis
larynx	larynx
lasagna	lasagna
laser	laser
lash	lash
lass	lass
lasso	lasso
lastday	NO TRANSLATION
lasting	anogara
lastminute	lastminute
latch	latch
late	kunonoka
lateness	lateness
latent	latent
lateral	tarisa
laterally	gareally
latex	latex
lathe	lathe
lather	lather
latitude	latitude
latrine	latrine
latrines	latrines
latte	latte
lattice	lattice
laud	rumbidzai
laudable	rukudzo
laudation	rumbidzo
laudatory	rumbidzo
laugh	kuseka
laughable	laughable
laughing	kuseka
laughingstock	NO TRANSLATION
laughs	kuseka
laughter	kuseka
launch	launch
launcher	launcher
launches	launches
launder	launder
laundering	kutengesa
laundry	laundry
laureate	laureate
laurel	laurel
laurels	laurels
lava	lava
lavage	kushamba
lavatory	lavatory
lavender	lavender
lavish	lavish
law	mutemo
lawful	zvinotenderwa
lawless	kusateerera mutemo
lawlessness	kusateerera mutemo
lawman	lawman
lawn	tsangadzi
lawnmower	lawnmower
lawsuit	mhosva
lawyer	gweta
lax	lax
laxative	laxative
lay	rakarara
layaway	layaway
layer	kutara
layered	layered
layman	layman
layout	layout
layover	layover
laziness	usimbe
lazy	simbe
lazyday	NO TRANSLATION
lea	lea
lead	tungamira
leaded	kutungamirirwa
leader	mutungamiri
leadership	utungamiri
leading	kutungamirira
leads	inotungamirira
leaf	mashizha
leaflet	leaflet
leafy	mashizha
league	sangano
leak	leak
leakage	kuvuza
leaky	leaky
lean	akaonda
leaned	rakanamatira
leaning	kumira
leap	leap
learn	dzidza
learned	vakadzidza
learner	mudzidzi
learning	kudzidza
lease	lease
leash	leash
leather	chikafu
leathery	leathery
leave	siya
leavemealone	ndisiye ndega
leaving	kusiya
lecherous	lecherous
lecture	nhaurirano
lecturer	mudzidzisi
ledge	wedge
ledger	mudara
lee	lee
leech	leech
leeches	leeches
leer	NO TRANSLATION
leery	leery
lees	NO TRANSLATION
leeway	leeway
left	ruboshwe
leftout	NO TRANSLATION
leftover	rests
leftovers	zvasara
lefty	lefty
leg	gumbo
legacy	nhaka
legal	zviri pamutemo
legality	mutemo
legalize	zvakanyorwa
legalized	zvakanyorwa
legally	zviri pamutemo
legend	nhoroondo
legendary	zvinyorwa
legibility	legibility
legible	zvakajeka
legion	legion
legislate	legislate
legislation	mutemo
legislative	mitemo
legislator	Mutongi
legislature	sangano
legit	legit
legitimacy	mutemo
legitimate	zvakakodzera
lego	lego
legs	makumbo
legume	legume
legwork	legwork
leisure	kusununguka
leisurely	zvinyararire
lemma	lemma
lemon	lemon
lemonade	lemonade
lend	chikwereti
lender	lender
lending	chikwereta
length	kureba
lengthen	longthen
lengthened	longthened
lengthening	lengthening
lengthwise	kureba
lengthy	kureba
leniency	leniency
lenient	lenient
lens	lens
leopard	ingwe
leotard	leotard
leper	vane maperembudzi
leprechaun	leprechaun
leprosy	maperembudzi
lesbian	lesbian
lesbianism	lesbianism
lesion	chironda
less	zvishoma
lessee	lessee
lessen	kuderedza
lessening	kuderedza
lesser	muduku
lesson	chidzidzo
lessor	lessor
let	regai
lethal	lethal
lethargic	lethargic
lethargy	lethargy
letter	tsamba
lettered	lettered
letterhead	letterhead
lettering	lettering
letters	tsamba
lettuce	lettuce
leukemia	leukemia
levee	levee
level	level
lever	lever
leverage	leverage
levitate	levitate
levy	levy
lewd	ruchiva
lexicon	lexicon
ley	NO TRANSLATION
liabilities	zvikwereti
liability	mutoro
liable	ane mhosva
liaison	kubatanidza
liar	murevi wenhema
libel	chirevo
libelous	libelous
liberal	rusununguko
liberalism	rusununguko
liberate	vakasununguka
liberated	vakasunungurwa
liberating	kusununguka
liberation	rusununguko
liberty	rusununguko
libido	libido
librarian	vaverengi
library	raibhurari
libretto	freetto
lice	chiropa
license	permiti
lichen	lichen
lick	lick
licorice	licorice
lid	chivako
lie	kureva nhema
liege	liege
lien	link
lieu	nzvimbo
lieutenant	lieutenant
life	upenyu
lifeblood	lifeblood
lifeboat	lifeboat
lifeguard	guardguard
lifeisgood	hupenyu hwakanaka
lifeless	asina upenyu
lifelike	upenyu hwakafanana
lifeline	mutsara
lifelong	upenyu hwose
lifer	lifer
lifesaver	lifesaver
lifestyle	mararamiro
lifesucks	lifesiki
lifetime	lifetime
lift	simbisa
lifted	akasimudzwa
liftoff	Simudza
ligament	ligament
ligation	ligation
ligature	ligature
light	chiedza
light year	gore rakasviba
lightbulb	mwenje
lighten	lighten
lightheaded	dzungu
lighthouse	lighthouse
lighting	chiedza
lightness	lightness
lightning	mheni
lights	mwenje
lightweight	lightweight
likable	takable
like	akafanana
likelihood	njodzi
likely	zvichida
likeness	likeness
likewise	saizvozvo
liking	liking
lilac	lilac
lily	lily
limb	limb
limber	chimber
limbo	limbo
lime	lime
limelight	chimiro
limestone	chimestone
limey	limey
limit	muganhu
limitation	kukanganisa
limited	limited
limitless	zvisingagoneki
limo	limo
limousine	limousine
limp	limp
lin	lin
line	mutsara
lineage	mutsara
lineal	lineal
linear	linear
linebacker	linebacker
lined	akabatanidzwa
linen	werineni
liner	liner
lines	mitsara
lineup	mirai mumutsetse
linger	nguva
lingerie	lingerie
lingering	kunonoka
lingo	lingo
lingual	lingual
linguini	linguini
linguist	linguist
linguistic	mutauro
linguistics	linguistics
lining	lining
link	link
linoleum	linoleum
lint	lint
lion	shumba
lip	muromo
liposuction	liposuction
lipstick	lipstick
liquefaction	liquefaction
liquefied	liquefied
liqueur	liqueur
liquid	liquid
liquidate	liquidate
liquidation	kubviswa
liquidator	liquidator
liquidity	liquidity
liquor	doro
lira	NO TRANSLATION
lisp	lisp
list	list
listen	teerera
listener	anoteerera
listenting	NO TRANSLATION
listing	listing
listless	listless
listneing	NO TRANSLATION
litany	litany
liter	liter
literacy	kuverenga nekuverenga
literal	chaiyo
literally	chaizvoizvo
literary	literary
literature	mabhuku
lithe	lithe
lithium	lithium
lithograph	lithograph
lithography	lithography
lithology	lithology
lithosphere	lithosphere
litigant	litigant
litigate	litigate
litigation	kukakavara
litigator	litigator
litigious	chinotyisa
litter	matara
little	zvishoma
littlethings	zvinhu zvidiki
littoral	littoral
liturgy	liturgy
live	kurarama
livelife	Rarama hupenyu
livelihood	mararamiro
lively	hai
liven	liven
liver	chiropa
livery	livery
livestock	zvipfuwo
livid	zvakajeka
living	kurarama
lizard	lizard
llama	llama
lml	lml
load	load
loader	loader
loaf	chingwa
loafer	loafer
loam	loam
loan	chikwereti
loath	loath
loathe	loathe
loathful	loathful
loathing	loathing
loathsome	loathsome
lobby	lobby
lobbyist	lobbyist
lobe	lobe
lobotomy	lobotomy
lobster	lobster
local	nzvimbo
locale	nzvimbo
locality	nzvimbo
localization	nzvimbo
localize	localize
localized	inzvimbo
locate	tsvaga
location	nzvimbo
locator	locator
loch	loch
lock	lock
locker	locker
locket	locket
locksmith	locksmith
lockup	lockup
loco	loco
locomotion	locomotion
locomotive	locomotive
locust	mhashu
lode	NO TRANSLATION
lodge	lodge
lodger	lodger
lodging	pokugara
loft	loft
lofty	lofty
log	log
logarithm	logarithm
logarithmic	logarithmic
logic	logic
logical	zvinonzwisisika
logistics	logistics
logo	logo
logotype	logotype
loin	NO TRANSLATION
lollipop	lollipop
lone	ndoga
loneliness	kusurukirwa
lonely	kusurukirwa
loner	loner
lonesome	lonesome
long	kureba
longboat	longboat
longevity	longevity
longing	kuchiva
longitude	longitude
longitudinal	longitudinal
longitudinally	longitudinally
longtime	kwenguva refu
loo	loo
look	tarisai
looker	tarisa
lookout	chenjera
loom	loom
looming	looming
loon	loon
loony	loony
loop	loop
loophole	loophole
loopy	loopy
loose	kusununguka
loosen	kusunungura
loosening	kusunungura
loot	kukora
lop	lop
lopsided	rakasakara
lord	ishe
lords	madzishe
lordship	utongi
lore	lore
lorry	lorry
lose	kurasikirwa
loser	loser
losing	kurasikirwa
loss	kurasikirwa
lost	vakarasika
lot	mujenya
lotion	lotion
lots	mijenya
lottery	lotto
lotto	lotto
lotus	lotus
loud	inzwi guru
loudly	nenzwi guru
loudmouth	loudmouth
loudness	kudanidzira
loudspeaker	gurukota
lounge	lounge
lounging	lounging
louse	louse
lousy	lousy
lovable	zvinodiwa
love	rudo
loved	aidiwa
lovee	rudoe
loveee	loveee
loveless	vasina rudo
lovelife	NO TRANSLATION
loveliness	loveliness
lovelovelove	NO TRANSLATION
lovely	lovely
lovemaking	lovemaking
lovemylife	NO TRANSLATION
lover	lover
lovesick	loveick
lovethis	lovethis
loving	rudo
lovinglife	lovelife
lovinlife	lovinlife
low	pasi
lowdown	lowdown
lower	pasi
lowering	kuderedza
lowest	yakaderera
lowlands	pasi
lowlife	lowlife
lowly	akaderera
lox	lox
loyal	akavimbika
loyalty	kuvimbika
lsd	lsd
luau	luau
lube	lube
lubricant	lubricant
lubricate	lubricate
lubrication	lubrication
lucid	lucid
luck	lucky
luckiest	zvakanyanya
lucky	lucky
luckygirl	luckygirl
lucrative	kubhadhara
ludicrous	ludicrous
lug	lug
luggage	mutoro
lukewarm	kudziya
lull	lull
lullaby	lullaby
lumbar	lumbar
lumber	matanda
lumbering	lumbering
lumberjack	lumberjack
luminescent	luminescent
luminous	luminous
lump	bundu
lumpy	lumpy
lunacy	lunacy
lunar	lunar
lunatic	lunatic
lunch	masikati
lunchbox	masikati
luncheon	luncheon
lunchtime	masikati
lung	mapapu
lunge	lunge
lungs	mapapu
lurch	lurch
lure	lure
lurid	lurid
lurk	lurk
lurking	kurira
luscious	kunakidza
lush	lush
lust	kuchiva
luster	kuchiva
lustful	ruchiva
lustrous	lustrous
lusty	ruchiva
lute	lute
luxuriant	zvinotyisa
luxurious	unyanzvi
luxury	luxury
lycra	lycra
lye	lye
lying	kureva nhema
lymph	lymph
lymphatic	lymphatic
lymphoma	lymphoma
lynch	lynch
lynching	lynching
lynx	lynx
lyre	rwiyo
lyric	rwiyo
lyrical	lyrical
lyrics	lyrics
macadamia	macadamia
macarena	macarena
macaroni	macaroni
mace	mace
mach	mach
machete	machete
machine	machine
machinery	magetsi
machinist	machinist
macho	macho
mackerel	mackerel
macro	macro
mad	madzimu
madam	madam
madame	madame
madden	madden
madder	madder
mademoiselle	NO TRANSLATION
mademyday	mademyday
madhouse	madhouse
madman	madman
madness	upenzi
maestro	maestro
mafia	mafia
magazine	magazini
mage	mage
magenta	magenta
maggot	maggot
magic	magic
magical	zvemashiripiti
magician	magic
magistrate	magistrate
magma	magma
magna	magna
magnate	magnate
magnesium	magnesium
magnet	magnet
magnetic	magnetic
magnetism	magnetism
magnetite	magnetite
magnification	kukudzwa
magnificence	magnificence
magnificent	zvinoshamisa
magnifier	kukudza
magnify	kukudza
magnifying	kukudza
magnitude	ukuru
magnolia	magnolia
magpie	magpie
mahi mahi	NO TRANSLATION
mahjong	mahjong
mahogany	mahogany
maid	musikana
maiden	mhandara
mail	mail
mailbox	mailbox
mailing	mail
mailman	mailman
maim	NO TRANSLATION
main	main
mainframe	mainframe
mainland	mainland
mainstay	mainstay
mainstream	mainstream
maintain	kuchengeta
maintenance	maintenance
majestic	majestic
majesty	ukuru
major	zvikuru
majority	vazhinji
make	ita
makeover	makeover
maker	maker
makeshift	nguva
makesmehappy	NO TRANSLATION
makesmemad	NO TRANSLATION
makeup	gadzirisa
makingdisciples	NO TRANSLATION
malady	malady
malaise	malaise
malaria	malariya
malarkey	malarkey
male	mukomana
malevolent	kusvibiswa
malfeasance	malfeasance
malformation	malformation
malfunction	kushanda zvakanaka
malice	NO TRANSLATION
malicious	tsvina
malign	kunyomba
malignancy	kuipa
malignant	zvakaipa
maligned	kunyengera
mall	mall
malleable	kushata
mallet	mallet
malnutrition	kusagadzikana
malpractice	kusaruramisira
malt	malt
mama	mama
mambo	mambo
mamma	NO TRANSLATION
mammal	mammal
mammoth	mammoth
mammy	mammy
man	murume
manage	gadzirisa
manageable	inogoneka
management	vatungamiri
manager	maneja
managerial	managerial
mandamus	mandamus
mandarin	mandarin
mandate	mandate
mandatory	mandatory
mandible	mandible
mandolin	mandolin
mandrel	mandrel
mane	NO TRANSLATION
maneuver	kufamba
maneuvering	kufamba
mange	NO TRANSLATION
manger	manger
mangle	mangle
mango	mango
mangosteen	mangosteen
mangy	mangy
manhole	manhole
manhood	murume
manhunt	manhunt
mania	mania
maniac	maniac
maniacal	maniacal
manic	manic
manicure	manicure
manicurist	manicurist
manifest	inoratidza
manifestation	kuratidzwa
manifested	kuratidzwa
manifestly	pachena
manifesto	manifesto
manifold	kakawanda
manipulate	shandisa
manipulation	kunyengera
manipulative	manipulative
mankind	vanhu
manly	manly
manna	manna
manned	manned
mannequin	mannequin
manner	tsika
mannered	mannered
manners	tsika
manor	manor
manpower	manpower
mansion	mansion
mansions	mansions
manslaughter	kuuraya
mantel	mantel
mantis	mantis
mantle	mantle
mantra	mantra
manual	manual
manufacture	kugadzira
manufacturer	chigadzirwa
manufacturing	kugadzira
manure	manyowa
manuscript	manuscript
map	mapepa
maple	maple
mar	mar
marathon	marathon
marble	marble
marbled	marbled
marbles	marble
march	Kurume
mare	NO TRANSLATION
margarine	margarine
margarita	margarita
margin	margin
marginal	marginal
mariachi	mariachi
marijuana	mbanje
marinara	marinara
marine	marine
mariner	mariner
marital	muchato
maritime	maritime
mark	mark
marked	marked
marker	marker
market	misika
marketable	kutengesa
marketing	marketing
marketplace	pamusika
marks	zviratidzo
marksman	markman
marksmanship	markmanship
marl	marl
marmalade	marmalade
maroon	maroon
marooned	marooned
marquee	marquee
marquis	marquis
marred	marred
marriage	muchato
married	vakaroora
marrow	marrow
marry	kuroora
marsh	maruva
marshal	marshal
marshmallow	marshmallow
mart	mart
martial	martial
martingale	martingale
martini	martini
martyr	martyr
martyrdom	kuurawa
marvel	anoshamisa
marvellous	anoshamisa
marvelous	anoshamisa
marvelously	anoshamisa
marzipan	NO TRANSLATION
mascara	Mascara
mascot	Mascot
masculine	masculine
masculinity	masculinity
mash	mashanya
mashed	mashed
mask	mask
masked	masked
masks	masks
masochism	masochism
masochist	masochist
mason	mason
masquerade	masquerade
mass	mass
massacre	kuuraya
massage	massage
masses	masses
masseur	masseur
masseuse	masseuse
massive	massive
mast	mast
master	tenzi
masterful	unyanzvi
mastermind	mastermind
masterpiece	masterpiece
mastery	masters
masturbate	masturbate
masturbation	bonyora
mat	mat
matador	matador
match	tsanidza
matchbook	matchbook
matching	kufanana
matchmaker	matchmaker
mate	mukomana
material	zvinhu
materialism	materialism
materialist	nyanzvi
materialistic	pfuma
materiality	zvinhu zvenyama
materialize	materialize
materially	pfuma
materials	zvinhu
materiel	materiel
maternal	vanaamai
maternity	maternity
math	math
mathematical	mathematical
mathematician	mathematician
mathematics	mathematics
matinee	matinee
mating	mating
matriculation	matriculation
matrimony	matrimoni
matrix	matrix
matron	matron
matted	matted
matter	nyaya
matting	matting
mattress	mattress
maturation	maturation
mature	vakakura
maturity	kukura
maudlin	maudlin
mausoleum	mausoleum
mauve	mauve
maverick	maverick
maxim	maxim
maximize	kuwedzera
maximum	maximum
may	Chivabvu
mayday	mayday
mayflower	mayflower
mayhem	mayhem
mayonnaise	mayonnaise
mayor	meya
maze	maze
mead	mead
meadow	dombo
meager	mudiki
meal	kudya
mean	zvinoreva
meander	meander
meandering	meandering
meanie	meanie
meaning	zvinoreva
meaningful	zvinoreva
meaningless	zvisina zvazvinobatsira
meanness	kureva
means	zvinoreva
meantime	panguva ino
measles	measles
measurable	inogona kuenzaniswa
measure	chiyero
measured	chiyero
measurement	chiyero
measuring	measuring
measuring cup	measuring cup
measuring tape	kuenzanisa tape
meat	nyama
meatball	meatball
meathead	meathead
meatloaf	nyamaloaf
mechanic	mechanic
mechanical	mechanical
mechanics	mechanics
mechanism	mechanism
med	NO TRANSLATION
medal	medal
medallion	medallion
medallist	medalist
meddle	meddle
meddling	kurongedza
media	media
medial	medial
median	median
mediate	mubvumirane
mediation	kupindirana
mediator	murevereri
medic	mishonga
medical	kurapa
medicate	mishonga
medication	mishonga
medicinal	mishonga
medicine	mishonga
medieval	medieval
mediocre	mediocre
mediocrity	mediocrity
meditate	fungisisa
meditating	kufungisisa
meditation	kufungisisa
meditative	kufungisisa
mediterranean	mediterranean
medium	midzi
medley	medley
meek	munyoro
meet	meet
meeting	musangano
mega	mega
meh	meh
melancholic	melancholic
melancholy	melancholy
melee	melee
mellow	mellow
melodious	nziyo
melodrama	melodrama
melodramatic	melodramatic
melody	rwiyo
melon	melon
melt	kunyunguduka
meltdown	kuputsika
melting	kunyauka
member	nhengo
membership	nhengo
membrane	membrane
memento	memento
memo	memo
memoir	memoir
memorabilia	memorabilia
memorable	inokanganwa
memorandum	memorandum
memorial	chirangaridzo
memorials	memorials
memories	memories
memoriesiwontforget	NO TRANSLATION
memorize	memori
memory	memory
menace	dambudziko
menacing	menacing
menagerie	menagerie
mend	mend
mending	mending
menial	kunyengera
meningitis	meningitis
meniscus	meniscus
menopause	kumiswa kwemwedzi
menses	menses
menstrual	kuenda kumwedzi
mental	pfungwa
mentalhealth	NO TRANSLATION
mentality	pfungwa
menthol	menthol
mention	taura
mentor	mentor
menu	menu
meow	meow
mercantile	mercantile
mercenary	mercenary
merchandise	merchandise
merchant	mutengesi
merciful	ngoni
merciless	tsitsi
mercurial	mercurial
mercury	mercury
mercy	ngoni
mere	mere
merengue	merengue
merge	batanidza
merger	kuungana
meridian	meridian
meridional	meridional
meringue	meringue
merit	zvakakodzera
meritorious	zvakanaka
mermaid	mermaid
merriment	kufadza
merry	fara
merrychristmas	NO TRANSLATION
mesa	mesa
mescaline	mescaline
mesh	mesh
meshes	meshes
mesmerized	mesmerized
mess	mess
message	shoko
messedup	NO TRANSLATION
messenger	mutumwa
messiah	Mesiya
messy	messy
metabolic	metabolic
metabolism	metabolism
metal	tsvina
metallic	metallic
metallurgy	metallurgy
metamorphosis	metamorphosis
metaphor	chirevo
metaphorical	metaphorical
metaphysical	metaphysical
metaphysics	metaphysics
metastasis	metastasis
meteor	meteor
meteoric	meteoric
meteorite	meteorite
meteorological	meteorological
meteorology	meteorology
meter	mamita
meth	meth
methadone	methadone
methane	methane
methanol	methanol
method	nzira
methodical	methodical
methodology	methodology
meticulous	unyanzvi
metime	nguva
metric	metric
metrical	metrical
metrology	metrology
metropolis	metropolis
metropolitan	metropolitan
mettle	mettle
mew	mew
mezzanine	mezzanine
mica	mica
mick	mick
micro	micro
microbe	microbe
microbiology	microbiology
microchip	microchip
microcosm	microcosm
microfilm	microfilm
microgram	microgram
micrometer	micrometer
micron	micron
microphone	microphone
microscope	microscope
microscopic	microscopic
microscopically	microscopically
microscopy	microscopy
microwave	microwave
mid	pakati
midair	midair
midday	masikati
middle	pakati
middleman	middleman
middleweight	middleweight
midget	midget
midland	midland
midlife	midlife
midline	midline
midnight	pakati pousiku
midshipman	midshipman
midst	pakati
midsummer	midsummer
midterm	pakatikati
midtown	midtown
midway	midway
midwife	midwife
midwifery	midwifery
mien	NO TRANSLATION
miffed	miffed
mighty	vane simba
mignon	mignon
migraine	migraine
migrate	migrate
migration	migration
migratory	migratory
mike	mike
mil	NO TRANSLATION
mild	munyoro
mildew	mildew
mildness	unyoro
mile	maire
mileage	mileage
milestone	chiitiko chikuru
militant	militant
militants	varwi
military	mauto
militia	militia
milk	mukaka
milkman	milkman
milkshake	milkshake
milky	milky
mill	mill
millennium	mireniyumu
milligram	milligram
millimeter	millimeter
million	mamiriyoni
millionaire	Millionaire
millionth	mamiriyoni
millstone	guyo
mime	mime
mimic	mimic
mimicking	mimicking
mimicry	mimicry
mince	mince
mincemeat	mincemeat
mind	pfungwa
minded	minded
mindful	kufunga
mindfulness	kufunga
mindless	kusafunga
mine	mine
minefield	minefield
miner	miner
mineral	mineral
mineralogy	mineralogy
mingle	musanganise
mingled	kusanganiswa
mini	mini
miniature	miniature
minibus	minibus
minim	NO TRANSLATION
minimal	minimal
minimize	kuderedza
minimized	kuderedza
minimum	zvishoma
mining	mining
minion	minion
minister	mushumiri
ministerial	mushumiri
ministry	ushumiri
minivan	minivan
mink	mink
minnow	minnow
minor	zvishoma
minority	vashoma
minstrel	munyori wemitambo
mint	mint
minty	minty
minuscule	minuscule
minute	Mineti
minutiae	minutiae
minx	minx
mir	NO TRANSLATION
miracle	chishamiso
miracles	zvishamiso
miraculous	chishamiso
mirage	mirage
mire	NO TRANSLATION
mirror	mirara
mirth	kufara
misappropriation	kushandiswa zvisina kunaka
misbehave	misbehave
misbehavior	kusazvibata
miscalculation	miscalculation
miscarriage	kuparara
miscellaneous	zvakasiyana
miscellany	miscellany
mischief	mischief
mischievous	mischievous
misconception	misconception
misconduct	kusazvibata
misdemeanor	misdemeanor
misdirection	misdirection
miser	miser
miserable	miserable
miserably	zvinosuruvarisa
misery	nhamo
misfire	misfire
misfit	misfit
misfortune	njodzi
misguided	NO TRANSLATION
mishap	mishap
misinformed	misinformed
misinterpretation	kusanzwisiswa
mislead	kutsausa
misleading	kutsausa
misled	kutsauswa
mismanagement	kusashandisa zvakanaka
mismatch	mismatch
mismatched	kusakanganiswa
misnomer	misnomer
misplace	misplace
misplaced	misplaced
misread	zvisina kururama
misrepresent	kunyengera
misrepresentation	kunyengera
misrepresented	kunyengera
miss	miss
missile	missile
missiles	zvombo
missing	kushayikwa
missingyou	NO TRANSLATION
mission	mission
missionary	mumishinari
misspell	misspell
misstatement	kunyengera
missy	missy
mist	mhute
mistake	kukanganisa
mistaken	kukanganisa
mister	baba
mistletoe	mistletoe
mistreated	kushungurudzwa
mistress	madzimadzi
mistrial	mistrial
mistrust	kusavimba
misty	misty
misunderstand	kusanzwisisa
misunderstanding	kusanzwisisa
misunderstood	kusanzwisiswa
misuse	kushandisa zvisina kunaka
mite	mite
miter	miter
mitigate	kuderedza
mitigating	kuderedza
mitigation	kuderedza
mitt	mitt
mitten	NO TRANSLATION
mitzvah	mitzvah
mix	mix
mixed	kusanganiswa
mixedemotions	kusanganiswa
mixer	mixer
mixture	musanganiswa
mnemonic	mnemonic
moan	moan
moat	moat
mob	mhomho
mobile	mobile
mobility	kufamba
mobilization	kuunganidza
mobilize	chengetedza
mobster	mobster
mocha	mocha
mock	kuseka
mocked	kusekwa
mockery	kuseka
mocking	kuseka
mockingbird	mockingbird
mod	mod
modal	modal
modality	mutsika
mode	mamiriro
model	muenzaniso
modeler	modeler
modeling	modeling
modem	modem
moderate	kuenzanisa
moderate anticipation	kunyatsotarisira kutarisira
moderate disgust	moderate disgust
moderate negative	kunyanya zvakaipa
moderate positive	kuenzanisa zvakanaka
moderate surprise	kuenzanisa kushamisika
moderate trust	kuvimba kwakakwana
moderately	zvine mwero
moderating	moderating
moderation	kuenzanisa
moderator	muongorori
modern	mazuva ano
modernism	modernism
modest	vanozvininipisa
modesty	kuzvininipisa
modicum	modicum
modifiable	modifiable
modification	kuchinjwa
modified	modified
modify	shandura
modulate	modulate
modulation	modulation
module	module
modulus	modulus
mogul	mogul
moiety	moiety
moist	moist
moisture	chinyoro
moisturizer	moisturizer
molar	molar
molasses	molasses
mold	mold
molded	molded
molding	kuumba
moldy	moldy
mole	mole
molecular	molecular
molecule	molecule
molest	kunyanyisa
molestation	kushungurudzwa
molester	molester
molten	yakanyungudutswa
mom	amai
moment	nguva
momentary	momentary
momentous	inokosha
momentum	nguva
momma	momma
mommy	amai
monad	monad
monarch	monarch
monarchy	monarchy
monastery	monastery
monastic	monastic
monetary	mari
money	mari
mongoloid	mongoloid
mongoose	mongoose
mongrel	mongrel
monitor	chengeta
monk	monki
monkey	monkey
mono	NO TRANSLATION
monochrome	monochrome
monogamous	monogamous
monogamy	monogamy
monogram	monogram
monogrammed	monogrammed
monograph	monograph
monolayer	monolayer
monolith	monolith
monologue	monologue
monopolist	monopolist
monopoly	monopoly
monotonous	monotonous
monotony	monotony
monoxide	monoxide
monsieur	monsieur
monsoon	monsoon
monster	monster
monstrosity	monstrosity
monstrous	monstrous
montage	montage
monte	monte
month	mwedzi
monthly	pamwedzi
monument	chivako
monumental	monumental
moo	moo
mooch	mooch
mood	mafungiro
moods	mafungiro
moody	moody
moon	mwedzi
moonbeam	moonbeam
moonlight	moonlight
moonlit	moonlit
moonshine	moonshine
moonstruck	moonstruck
moonwalk	moonwalk
moor	moor
moored	moored
mooring	mooring
moorings	moorings
moorland	moorland
moose	mhuka
moot	moot
mooted	kukanganiswa
mop	mop
mope	mope
moped	moped
moral	tsika
morale	tsika
morality	tsika
morals	tsika
morass	morass
moratorium	moratorium
moray	moray
morbid	morbid
morbidity	morbidity
morbidness	morbidness
mores	mores
morgue	morgue
moribund	moribund
morn	morn
morning	mangwanani
moron	moron
moronic	moronic
morose	morose
morph	morph
morphine	morphine
morphism	morphism
morphology	morphology
morrow	mangwana
morsel	chimedu
mortal	kufa
mortality	kufa
mortar	dhaka
mortgage	mortgage
mortgagee	mortgagee
mortgagor	mortgagor
mortician	mortician
mortification	kukanganisa
mortified	rakasvibiswa
mortuary	mortuary
mosaic	mosaic
mosey	mosey
mosque	musikiti
mosquito	utsi
moss	moss
mossy	mossy
mote	NO TRANSLATION
motel	motel
moth	moth
mother	amai
motherfucker	motherfucker
motherfucking	motherfucking
motherhood	amai
motherland	motherland
motherless	motherless
motherly	amai
motif	motif
motion	kufamba
motionless	vasingatauri
motivate	zvinokurudzira
motivating	zvinokurudzira
motivation	chikonzero
motivational	motivational
motive	chinangwa
motley	motley
motor	motokari
motorbike	motokari
motorboat	motorboat
motorcade	motorcade
motorcar	motokari
motorcycle	motokari
motorist	motokari
motte	motte
mottled	mottled
motto	motto
mould	mold
mound	mound
mount	gomo
mountain	gomo
mountaineer	mountaineer
mountainous	makomo
mountains	makomo
mountaintop	mugomo
mourn	kuchema
mournful	kuchema
mourning	kuchema
mouse	mouse
mousetrap	mousetrap
mousse	mousse
moustache	mustache
mousy	mousy
mouth	muromo
mouthful	mouthful
mouthpiece	mouthpiece
mouthwash	mouthwash
movable	moving
move	famba
movement	kufamba
mover	mover
movie	bhaisikopo
movies	mafirimu
moving	moving
movingforward	NO TRANSLATION
movingon	movingon
mow	mow
mower	mower
moxie	moxie
mozzarella	mozzarella
mri	mri
muchneeded	NO TRANSLATION
mucis	NO TRANSLATION
muck	muck
mucked	mucked
mucous	mucous
mucus	mucus
mud	dope
muddle	muddle
muddled	muddled
muddy	muddy
muff	muff
muffin	muffin
muffled	muffled
muffler	muffler
mug	mug
mugger	mugger
mulberry	mulberry
mulch	mulch
mule	mule
mull	mull
mullet	mullet
multilateral	zvakasiyana-siyana
multimedia	multimedia
multinational	marudzi akawanda
multiple	multiple
multiple sclerosis	multiple sclerosis
multiplex	multiplex
multiplication	kuwedzera
multiplicity	kuwanda
multiplied	multiplied
multiplier	kuwedzera
multiply	kuwanda
multitude	vazhinji
mum	mum
mumble	mumble
mumbo	mumbo
mummy	mummy
mumps	mumps
munch	munch
munchies	munchies
munchkin	munchkin
mundane	mundane
municipal	komisheni
municipality	masuwa
mural	mural
murder	kuuraya
murderer	muurayi
murderess	kuponda
murderous	kuuraya
murky	murky
murmur	kugunun'una
muscle	musungo
muscular	muscular
muse	muse
muses	muses
museum	museum
mush	NO TRANSLATION
mushroom	mushroom
mushy	mushy
music	mimhanzi
musical	mimhanzi
musician	muimbi
musing	musing
musk	musk
musket	musket
musketeer	musketeer
muskrat	muskrat
muslin	muslin
muss	NO TRANSLATION
must	zvinofanira
mustang	mustang
mustard	mustard
muster	muster
musty	musty
mutable	mutable
mutant	mutant
mutate	mutate
mutation	mutation
mute	mbeveve
muted	muted
mutilate	mutilate
mutilated	akadzikwa
mutilation	kumiswa
mutiny	mutiny
mutt	mutt
mutter	NO TRANSLATION
mutton	mutton
mutual	mutual
mutually	mutual
muzzle	muzzle
myfavorite	myfavorite
myopia	myopia
myopic	myopic
myriad	makumi masere
mysterious	mysterious
mystery	mystery
mystic	mystic
mystical	mystical
mysticism	mysticism
mystified	chakavanzika
mystique	mystique
myth	nhema
mythic	nhema
mythical	ngano
mythological	mythological
mythology	mythology
nab	nab
nacho	nacho
nada	NO TRANSLATION
nadir	nadir
nag	NO TRANSLATION
nail	nail
nail gun	nail gun
naive	naive
naked	naked
nakedness	nakedness
namaste	NO TRANSLATION
name	zita
named	zita rake
nameless	nameless
namesake	namesake
naming	zita
nana	nana
nanny	nanny
nanometer	nanometer
nap	nap
napalm	napalm
nape	nape
napkin	napkin
napping	kupera
nappy	nappy
narcissism	narcissism
narcissist	narcissist
narcissistic	narcissistic
narcotic	narcotic
narrate	rondedzera
narration	nhoroondo
narrative	nhoroondo
narrator	narrator
narrow	zvishoma
narrowing	narrowing
nasal	nasal
nascent	nascent
nasty	nasty
natal	natal
nation	rudzi
national	national
nationality	nationality
nationwide	munyika yose
native	native
nativity	bornvity
natural	natural
natural gas	gasi chaiwo
naturalist	naturalist
naturalization	naturalization
naturalized	naturalized
naturally	zvakasikwa
nature	nature
naught	pasina
naughty	naughty
nausea	nausea
nauseate	nauseate
nauseating	nauseating
nauseous	nauseous
nautical	nautical
nautilus	nautilus
naval	naval
nave	nave
navel	navel
navigable	nzara
navigate	navigate
navigation	navigation
navigational	navigational
navigator	navigator
navy	navy
nay	NO TRANSLATION
nearsighted	nearsighted
neat	neat
neatly	neatly
nebula	nebula
nebulae	nebulae
nebulous	nebulous
necessarily	zvakakodzera
necessary	zvakafanira
necessitate	zvinoda
necessities	zvinodiwa
necessity	zvinodiwa
neck	mutsipa
necklace	necklace
necktie	necktie
necromancer	necromancer
necrosis	necrosis
nectar	nectar
need	zvinodiwa
needalife	NO TRANSLATION
needed	inoda
needful	zvinodiwa
needit	NO TRANSLATION
needle	sindano
needlepoint	needlepoint
needles	nheyo
needless	hazvidiwi
needtoknow	needtoknow
needtorelax	NO TRANSLATION
needy	vanoshayiwa
nefarious	nefarious
negation	kupesana
negative	zvakaipa
negativity	negativity
neglect	kusazvidza
neglected	kukanganwa
neglecting	kurega
negligee	negligee
negligence	kusava nehanya
negligent	kusaremekedza
negligently	NO TRANSLATION
negligible	kusaremekedzwa
negotiable	negotiable
negotiate	kukurukura
negotiation	kukurukurirana
negotiator	negotiator
negro	negro
neigh	vo
neighbor	muvakidzani
neighborhood	vavakidzani
neighboring	vavakidzani
nemesis	nemesis
neon	neon
neonatal	neonatal
neophyte	neophyte
neoprene	neoprene
nephew	nephew
nepotism	nepotism
nerd	nerd
nerdy	nerdy
nerve	nerve
nerves	nerve
nervous	kutya
nervousness	kutya
nervouswreck	NO TRANSLATION
nervy	NO TRANSLATION
ness	ness
nest	dendere
nestle	nestle
nestling	nestling
net	net
nether	nether
netting	netting
nettle	nettle
network	network
networking	networking
neural	neural
neuralgia	neuralgia
neurological	neurological
neurologist	neurologist
neurology	neurology
neurosis	neurosis
neurosurgeon	neurosurgeon
neurosurgery	neurosurgery
neurotic	neurotic
neuter	neuter
neutral	kusarerekera
neutrality	kusarerekera
neutralize	neutralize
neutron	neutron
new	itsva
new age	nguva itsva
newbeginnings	NO TRANSLATION
newborn	chicheche
newcomer	mutsva
newday	newday
newfound	newfound
newjob	NO TRANSLATION
newlife	hupenyu hutsva
newly	achangobva
newlywed	achangobva kuchata
newme	newme
newness	hutsva
news	nhau
newscast	newscast
newscaster	newscaster
newsflash	newsflash
newsletter	newsletter
newsman	newsman
newspaper	pepanhau
newspaperman	newspaperman
newsreel	newsreel
newsroom	newsroom
newsstand	newsstand
newstart	newstart
newt	newt
newyear	NO TRANSLATION
nexus	nexus
nib	nib
nibble	nibble
nice	zvakanaka
niche	niche
nichts	NO TRANSLATION
nick	nick
nickel	nickel
nickname	nickname
nicotine	nicotine
niece	muzukuru
nifty	nifty
nigger	nigger
nigh	pedo
night	husiku
nightcap	nightcap
nightclub	kirabhu usiku
nightfall	nightfall
nightgown	usiku
nightie	nightie
nightingale	nightingale
nightlife	nightlife
nightly	usiku
nightmare	hope dzakaipa
nightmares	njodzi
nightstand	nightstand
nightstick	nighttick
nighttime	usikutime
nihilism	nihilism
nil	nil
nimble	nimble
nimrod	nimrod
nincompoop	nincompoop
nine	pfumbamwe
nineteen	gumi nepfumbamwe
ninety	makumi mapfumbamwe
ninja	ninja
ninny	ninny
nintendo	nintendo
ninth	chepfumbamwe
nip	nip
nipper	nipper
nipple	nipple
nippy	nippy
nitrate	nitrate
nitro	nitro
nitrogen	nitrogen
nitrous	nitrous
nitwit	nitwit
nix	nix
no anticipation	pasina tarisiro
no disgust	kwete kunyangadza
no emotion	kwete manzwiro
no sentiment	kwete manzwiro
no surprise	hazvishamisi
no trust	hapana kuvimba
nobility	vanokudzwa
noble	anokudzwa
nobleman	nobleman
nobodycares	NO TRANSLATION
nocomplaints	NO TRANSLATION
nocturnal	usiku
nod	nod
nodding	nodding
node	node
nodular	nodular
nodule	nodule
noggin	noggin
nohope	NO TRANSLATION
noir	black
noise	ruzha
noisy	mheremhere
nomad	nomad
nomadic	aridic
nomenclature	nomenclature
nominal	nominal
nominate	sarudza
nomination	kusarudzwa
nominee	nominee
nonce	nonce
nonchalant	nonchalant
noncompliance	kusateerera
nondescript	nondescript
nonexistent	hapana
nonfat	nonfat
nonfiction	kusagadzikana
nonpayment	nonpayment
nonresident	nonresident
nonsense	nonsense
nonsensical	nonsensical
nonviolent	nonviolent
noob	noob
noodle	noodle
nook	nook
noon	masikati
noose	noose
nopoint	NO TRANSLATION
noregrets	NO TRANSLATION
norm	chimiro
normal	zvakajairika
normalcy	normalcy
normality	tsika
north	mawodzanyemba
northbound	northbound
northeast	northeast
northern	kumusoro
northwest	kuchamhembe kumavirira
northwestern	kuchamhembe kwakadziva
noschool	NO TRANSLATION
nose	nemhino
nosebleed	nosebleed
nosey	nosy
nosnow	nosnow
nostalgia	nostalgia
nostalgic	nostalgic
nostress	NO TRANSLATION
nostril	chino
nosun	NO TRANSLATION
nosy	nosy
not negative	kwete zvakaipa
not positive	kwete zvakanaka
notable	anokosha
notables	zvinyorwa
notably	kunyanya
notamorningperson	NO TRANSLATION
notary	notary
notation	notation
notch	notch
notched	notched
note	note
notebook	bookbook
noted	akadaro
noteworthy	anokosha
nothappy	NO TRANSLATION
nothingbetter	NO TRANSLATION
nothingness	nothingness
notice	cherechedza
noticeable	zvinooneka
notification	notification
notify	zivisa
notion	pfungwa
notional	notional
notoriety	notoriety
notorious	rakakurumbira
notready	hazvisati zvaita
notwithstanding	zvisinei
nought	pasina
noun	zita racho
nourish	nourish
nourishment	zvokudya
nouveau	NO TRANSLATION
novel	novel
novelist	munyori wenhau
novelty	novelty
novice	novice
nowadays	nhasi
nowork	ikozvino
noworries	hapana kunetseka
noxious	noxious
nozzle	bhezi
nuance	nuance
nuances	nuances
nuclear	nyukireya
nucleus	nucleus
nude	nude
nudge	nudge
nudie	nudie
nudist	nudist
nudity	nudity
nugget	nugget
nuisance	njodzi
nuke	nuke
nul	NO TRANSLATION
null	null
nullify	kusagadzirisa
numb	numb
number	nhamba
numbering	kuverenga
numbers	nhamba
numbness	kupera
numbskull	numbskull
numeral	numeral
numerator	numerator
numerical	nhamba
numerically	numerically
numerous	akawanda
nun	NO TRANSLATION
nunchucks	nunchucks
nunnery	nunnery
nuptials	nuptials
nurse	mukoti
nursemaid	nursemaid
nursery	nursery
nursing	kuyamwisa
nurture	kurera
nut	nut
nutcase	nutcase
nutcracker	nutcracker
nuthouse	kusasunungura
nutmeg	nutmeg
nutrition	chikafu
nutritional	nutritional
nutritious	inonwisa
nutritive	nutritive
nuts	nuts
nutshell	nutshell
nutty	nutty
nylon	nylon
nylong	NO TRANSLATION
nylons	nylons
nymph	nymph
nymphomaniac	nymphomaniac
oaf	oaf
oak	oak
oar	oar
oasis	oasis
oat	oat
oath	oath
oatmeal	oatmeal
obedience	kuteerera
obedient	vanoteerera
obediently	kuteerera
obelisk	obelisk
obese	obese
obesity	kuneta
obey	teerera
obi	obi
obit	obit
obituary	obituary
object	chinhu
objection	kukanganisa
objectionable	zvinopesana
objective	chinangwa
objectivity	chinangwa
obligation	mhiko
obligatory	zvinosungirwa
oblige	zvinoremekedzwa
obliged	inosungirwa
obliging	kusunga
obligor	obligor
oblique	oblique
obliterate	kubvisa
obliterated	zvakaparadzwa
obliteration	kuparadzwa
oblivion	kusaziva
oblivious	kusaziva
oblong	oblong
obnoxious	obnoxious
oboe	oboe
obscene	zvinonyadzisa
obscenity	kunyadzisa
obscure	chakavanzika
obscured	chakavanzika
obscurity	kusviba
observance	kuchengeta
observant	kuchengeta
observation	kuongorora
observatory	kuchengetedza
observe	cherechedza
observer	mucherechedzi
observing	kuchengeta
obsess	kushungurudza
obsessed	kushungurudzika
obsessing	obsessing
obsession	kukanganisa
obsessive	obsessive
obsolescence	obsolescence
obsolete	hazvina basa
obstacle	chipingamupinyi
obstetrician	chiguniti
obstetrics	obstetrics
obstinate	akaoma
obstruct	zvinodzivisa
obstruction	kudzivisa
obstructive	kuvhiringidzika
obtain	kuwana
obtainable	inowanikwa
obtuse	obtuse
obverse	obverse
obvious	pachena
ocarina	ocarina
occasion	chiitiko
occasional	dzimwe nguva
occasionally	dzimwe nguva
occipital	occipital
occlusion	occlusion
occult	zvemashiripiti
occupancy	kugara
occupant	occupant
occupation	basa
occupational	occupational
occupied	occupied
occupier	occupier
occupy	occupy
occupying	occupying
occur	zvinoitika
occurrence	chiitiko
ocd	ocd
ocean	ocean
oceanic	oceanic
octagon	octagon
octave	octave
octopus	octopus
ocular	ocular
odd	odd
oddball	oddball
oddity	oddity
odds	zvinetso
ode	ode
odious	odious
odometer	odometer
odor	kunhuhwirira
odyssey	odyssey
oedipal	oedipal
oestrogen	estrogen
oeuvre	NO TRANSLATION
offal	offal
offence	offense
offend	zvinogumbura
offended	akakanganiswa
offender	anokanganisa
offense	offense
offensive	zvinogumbura
offer	offer
offered	akapiwa
offering	chipo
offhand	offhand
office	office
officer	mukuru
offices	mahofisi
official	official
officiate	officiate
offing	offing
offload	offload
offset	offset
offshoot	offshoot
offshore	offshore
offside	offside
offspring	vana
oft	oft
oftentimes	kazhinji nguva
ogre	ogre
ohdear	NO TRANSLATION
ohgod	NO TRANSLATION
ohno	ohno
ohshit	NO TRANSLATION
oil	mafuta
oils	mafuta
oily	oily
oink	oink
ointment	mafuta
okra	okra
old	akare
olden	olden
older	vakwegura
oldie	oldie
oldies	oldies
olfactory	olfactory
oligarchy	oligarchy
olive	muorivhi
omega	omega
omelet	omelet
omen	omeni
omgomgomg	NO TRANSLATION
ominous	ominous
omission	kusateerera
omit	siyirira
omitted	akasiya
omnibus	omnibus
omnipotence	simba rose
omnipotent	zvachose
omnipresent	omnipresent
omniscient	asingazivi
onboard	onboard
oncologist	oncologist
oncology	oncology
oncoming	inouya
one	Poshi
oneday	NO TRANSLATION
onedge	onedge
onelove	rudo rumwe
oneness	kubatana
onerous	onerous
oneself	iwe pachako
ongoing	inopfuurira
onion	onion
onset	kutanga
onslaught	kuparadza
onstage	onstage
ontology	ontology
onus	onus
onward	mberi
onyx	onyx
oodles	oodles
oomph	oomph
ooze	ooze
oozing	oozing
op	op
opacity	opacity
opal	opal
opaque	opaque
ope	ope
open	kuvhura
opener	opener
opening	kuvhura
openly	pachena
openness	kuvhura
opera	opera
operate	inoshanda
operatic	operatic
operation	operation
operational	operational
operations	kushanda
operative	operative
operator	operator
ophthalmic	ophthalmic
ophthalmologist	ophthalmologist
opiate	opiate
opinion	maonero
opinionated	maonero
opium	opium
opponent	muvengi
opportune	mukana
opportunism	kusarura
opportunity	mukana
oppose	zvinopesana
opposed	zvinopesana
opposing	kupikisa
opposite	zvakatarisana
opposites	zvinopesana
opposition	kushorwa
oppress	kudzvinyirira
oppressed	vakamanikidzwa
oppression	kudzvinyirirwa
oppressive	kudzvinyirira
oppressor	vadzvinyiriri
ops	ops
opt	sarudza
optic	optic
optical	optical
optics	optics
optimism	tariro
optimist	optimist
optimistic	optimistic
optimum	optimum
option	chisarudzo
optional	kusarudza
optionally	optionally
options	zvisarudzo
optometrist	optometrist
opulence	opulence
opulent	opulent
opus	opus
oracle	shoko
oral	muromo
orange	orenji
orange juice	chinwiwa cheranjisi
orangutan	orangutan
oration	manzwiro
orator	orator
oratory	rumbidzo
orb	orb
orbit	orbit
orbital	orbital
orbiting	kurwisana
orbs	orbs
orc	orc
orchard	munda wemichero
orchestra	orchestra
orchid	orchid
ordained	akagadzwa
ordeal	njodzi
order	urongwa
orderly	zvakarongeka
ordinance	mitemo
ordinary	kazhinji
ordination	kugadziriswa
ordnance	ordnance
ore	ore
oregano	oregano
organ	organ
organic	organic
organism	mhuka
organist	organist
organization	sangano
organize	kuronga
organized	akarongeka
organizer	mugadziri
orgasm	orgasm
orgies	manyanzvi
orgy	orgy
orient	chinangwa
oriental	oriental
orientation	maitiro
orifice	orifice
origami	origami
origin	zvakabva
original	pakutanga
originality	kutanga
originate	inobva
origination	kutanga
originator	mutangiri
ornament	zvishongo
ornamental	zvishongo
ornamentation	ornamentation
ornamented	ornamented
ornate	chikamu
ornery	utongi
orphan	nherera
orphanage	nherera
orphaned	nherera
orthodontist	orthodontist
orthodox	orthodox
orthodoxy	orthodoxy
orthogonal	orthogonal
orthopedic	mifupa
oscillate	oscillate
oscillating	oscillating
oscillation	oscillation
oscillatory	oscillatory
ostensible	ostensible
ostensibly	ostensibly
ostentatious	ostentatious
ostracized	kusarudzwa
ostrich	mhou
other	zvimwe
otter	otter
otto	otto
ottoman	ottoman
ought	zvinofanira
ounce	ounce
oust	oust
outage	kuparara
outback	outback
outbid	outbid
outboard	panze
outbreak	kuputika
outburst	kuputika
outcast	outcast
outcome	mugumisiro
outcry	kurira
outdated	outdated
outdo	outdo
outdoor	kunze
outdoors	outdoors
outer	kunze
outfit	nguo
outgoing	kubuda
outgrow	kunze
outgrowth	outgrowth
outhouse	outhouse
outing	outing
outlandish	outlandish
outlast	outlast
outlaw	outlaw
outlet	outlet
outline	murondedzero
outlines	outlines
outlive	outlive
outlook	maonero
outlying	kunze
outnumber	zvakapfuura
outpatient	outpatient
outpost	outpost
outpouring	kudurura
output	output
outrage	kutsamwa
outraged	akatsamwa
outrageous	zvinotyisa
outrank	outrank
outreach	outreach
outright	zvakananga
outrun	outrun
outset	kutanga
outsider	kunze
outskirts	panze
outsmart	outsmart
outspoken	kutaura
outstanding	inoshamisa
outstretched	akatambanudzwa
outward	kunze
outwards	outward
outweigh	kunze
outwit	outwit
oval	oval
ovary	ovary
ovate	ovate
ovation	ovation
oven	ovuni
overactive	overactive
overall	zvakakwana
overalls	zvipfeko
overbearing	kudzvinyirira
overburden	inodzvinyirirwa
overcast	overcast
overcharged	overloaded
overcoat	overcoat
overcome	to overcome
overcoming	kukunda
overcrowded	overcrowded
overdo	overdo
overdose	overdose
overdrive	overdrive
overdue	kudarika
overestimate	overestimate
overestimated	overestimated
overflow	overflow
overflowing	overflowing
overgrown	overgrown
overgrowth	overgrowth
overhanging	Overhanging
overhaul	kudarika
overhead	overhead
overhear	kunzwa
overheated	zvakanyanyisa
overjoyed	kufara kwazvo
overkill	overkill
overlaid	akafukidzwa
overlap	inowanikwa
overlapping	kuputika
overlay	kufukidza
overload	overload
overlook	kunyanya
overlord	overlord
overlying	kudarika
overpaid	overpaid
overpass	overpass
overplayed	overplayed
overpower	kukunda
overpowering	kukunda
overpriced	overpriced
overprotective	overprotective
overrated	overrated
overreact	kunyanyisa
override	override
overriding	overriding
overrule	overrule
overrun	overrun
oversee	vatariri
overseer	mutariri
overshadow	inoputira
oversight	kutarisira
oversized	oversized
overslept	overslept
overstate	overstate
overstock	overstock
overt	overt
overtake	inosvika
overtaken	overtaken
overthemoon	NO TRANSLATION
overthinker	overthinker
overthinking	kudzokorora
overthrow	kuparadza
overtime	kupfuuridza nguva
overtired	overtired
overture	overture
overturn	kuputsa
overview	pfupiso
overweight	overweight
overwhelm	overwhelm
overwhelmed	kudzvinyirirwa
overwhelming	overwhelming
overworked	kunyanya kushanda
overwrought	overwrought
overzealous	overzealous
owe	owe
owing	chikwereti
owl	owl
owner	muridzi
ownership	weimba
ox	nzombe
oxidation	oxyidation
oxide	oxyide
oxygen	oksijeni
oxymoron	oxymoron
oyster	oyster
ozone	ozone
pace	pace
pacemaker	pacemaker
pacific	pacific
pacified	pacified
pacifier	pacifier
pacifist	pacifist
pacify	pacify
pacing	pacing
pack	pack
package	pakapu
packaging	pakatengesa
packer	packer
packet	packet
pact	pact
pad	pad
padded	padded
padding	padding
paddle	paddle
paddle boat	paddle boat
paddock	paddock
paddy	paddy
padlock	padlock
padre	NO TRANSLATION
paean	paean
pagan	chihedheni
paganism	chihedheni
page	peji
pageant	pageant
pager	pager
pagination	pagination
paging	paging
pagoda	pagoda
pail	pail
pain	kurwadziwa
pained	kurwadziwa
painful	zvinorwadza
painfully	zvinorwadza
painkiller	painkiller
painless	painless
pains	kurwadziwa
painstaking	zvinotyisa
paint	pende
paintball	paintball
paintbrush	bhandi yependi
painted	painted
painter	mucheri
painting	painting
pair	pair
paisley	paisley
pajama	pajama
pajamas	pajamas
pal	pal
palace	palace
palatable	kunakidza
palate	palate
pale	pale
paleontology	paleontology
palette	palette
pall	pall
palladium	palladium
pallet	pallet
palliative	palliative
palm	palm
palmer	palmer
palomino	palomino
palpable	palpable
palpitations	palpitations
palsy	palsy
paltry	paltry
pamper	pamper
pamphlet	pamphlet
pan	pan
panacea	panacea
panache	panache
pancake	pancake
pancakes	pancakes
pancreas	pancreas
panda	panda
pandemic	pandemic
pandemonium	pandemonium
pane	pane
panel	panel
pang	NO TRANSLATION
panhandle	panhandle
panic	panic
panicattack	NO TRANSLATION
panicked	panicked
panicking	panicking
panicky	panicky
panier	NO TRANSLATION
panorama	panorama
panoramic	panoramic
pansy	pansy
pant	pant
pantheon	pantheon
panther	panther
panties	panties
pantomime	pantomime
pantry	pantry
pants	burugwa
panty	Panty
pantyhose	pantyhose
pap	pap
papa	papa
papacy	papacy
papal	NO TRANSLATION
papaya	papaya
paper	pepa
paperback	paperback
paperboy	pepanhau
paperweight	paperweight
paperwork	mapepa
paprika	paprika
papyrus	papyrus
par	NO TRANSLATION
parable	mufananidzo
parabola	parabola
parabolic	parabolic
parachute	parachute
parade	parade
paradigm	paradigm
paradise	paradhiso
paradox	kupikisa
paradoxical	paradoxical
paraffin	parafini
paragon	paragon
paragraph	ndima
parakeet	parakeet
paralegal	paralegal
parallax	parallax
parallel	parallel
parallelism	kufanana
paralysis	kuora mitezo
paralyze	paralyze
paralyzed	akaoma mitezo
paramedic	paramedic
paramedics	vacedics
paramilitary	paramilitary
paramount	paramount
paranoia	paranoia
paranoid	paranoid
paranormal	paranormal
parapet	parapet
paraphernalia	paraphernalia
paraphrase	paraphrase
paraplegic	paraplegic
parasite	parasite
parasitic	parasitic
parasol	parasol
parcel	chikamu
parcels	mapepa
parched	akaoma
parchment	parchment
pardon	kangamwiro
pare	NO TRANSLATION
parenchyma	parenchyma
parent	mubereki
parentage	vabereki
parental	vabereki
parenthesis	NO TRANSLATION
parenthetical	parenthetical
parenthood	mubereki
parenting	kubereka
pariah	pariah
parietal	parietal
paring	paring
parish	parish
parity	parity
park	paki
parka	parka
parking	parking
parkinsons	parkinsons
parlance	parlance
parlay	parlay
parliament	paramende
parliamentary	paramende
parlor	parlor
parmesan	parmesan
parody	parody
parole	parole
parquet	parquet
parrot	parrot
parry	parry
parse	parse
parsimonious	kunyengera
parsimony	parsimoni
parsley	parsley
parson	parson
part	chikamu
partake	inodya
partial	kusarura
partiality	kusarura
partially	zvishoma
participant	mubatanidzwa
participate	shandisa
participation	kubatanidzwa
particle	chema
particular	kunyanya
particularity	kunyanya
particulars	tsanangudzo
parting	kugovana
partisan	partisan
partisanship	chikamu
partition	chikamu
partly	chikamu
partner	shamwari
partnership	kubatana
partridge	partridge
parts	zvikamu
party	sangano
pas	NO TRANSLATION
pass	pass
passable	passable
passage	ndima
passageway	nzira
passe	NO TRANSLATION
passenger	passenger
passim	NO TRANSLATION
passing	kudarika
passion	passion
passionate	passionate
passive	passive
passivity	passivity
passkey	passkey
passport	pasipoti
password	pasiwedhi
past	akapfuura
pasta	pasta
paste	paste
pastel	Pastel
pastime	pastime
pastor	mufundisi
pastrami	pastrami
pastry	pastry
pasture	mafuro
pasty	pasty
pat	pat
patch	patch
patchwork	patchwork
pate	pate
patella	patella
patent	patent
patented	patented
paternal	baba
paternity	paternity
path	nzira
pathetic	pathetic
pathological	pathological
pathologist	pathologist
pathology	pathology
pathos	NO TRANSLATION
pathway	pathway
patience	kushivirira
patient	mwoyo murefu
patio	patio
patriarch	patriarch
patriarchal	patriarchal
patrimony	patrimoni
patriot	patriot
patriotic	patriotic
patriotism	patriotism
patrol	patrol
patrolman	patrolman
patron	patron
patronage	patronage
patronising	patronizing
patronize	patronize
patronizing	patronizing
patter	patter
pattern	pattern
paucity	paupity
pauper	pauper
pause	pause
pave	pave
pavement	pavement
pavilion	pavilion
paving	paving
paw	paw
pawn	pawn
pawnshop	pawnshop
pax	pax
pay	kuripa
payable	inobhadharwa
payback	payback
paycheck	paycheck
payday	payday
payer	payer
payload	payload
payment	kubhadhara
payoff	bhadhara
payout	kuripa
payphone	payphone
payroll	payroll
pea	pea
peace	rugare
peaceable	rugare
peaceful	rugare
peacefully	norugare
peacekeeper	murindi werugare
peaceofmind	NO TRANSLATION
peacetime	peacetime
peach	peach
peachy	peachy
peacock	Peacock
peak	peak
peaked	peaked
peanut	peanut
peanuts	peanuts
pear	peari
pearl	pearl
pearly	pearly
peas	peas
peasant	murombo
peat	peat
pebble	pebble
pecan	pecan
peck	peck
pecker	pecker
peculiar	inokosha
peculiarities	zvakananga
peculiarity	chinoshamisa
peculiarly	zvakajeka
pecuniary	pecuniary
pedal	pedal
pedantic	pedantic
peddle	peddle
peddler	peddler
pedestal	pedestal
pedestrian	pedestrian
pediatric	chirwere
pediatrician	chiremba wevana
pediatrics	pediatrics
pedicure	pedicure
pedigree	pedigree
pedometer	pedometer
pedophile	pedophile
pee	pee
peek	peek
peekaboo	peekaboo
peel	peel
peep	peep
peeper	peeper
peephole	peephole
peer	vezera
peering	kuongorora
peerless	peerless
peeved	peeved
peg	peg
pegs	pegs
peice	NO TRANSLATION
pelagic	pelagic
pelican	pelican
pellet	pellet
pelvic	pelvic
pelvis	pelvis
pen	peni
penal	penalty
penalty	penalty
penance	penance
penchant	penchant
pencil	pencil
pendant	pendant
pendency	pendency
pendent	NO TRANSLATION
pending	ichimirira
pendulum	pendulum
penetrate	pinda
penetrating	rinopinda
penetration	kupinda mukati
penguin	penguin
penicillin	penicillin
penile	penile
peninsula	peninsula
penis	penis
penitent	penitent
penitentiary	penitentiary
penmanship	penmanship
pennant	pennant
penniless	penniless
penny	penny
pension	pension
pensioner	pensioner
pensive	pensive
pentagon	pentagon
pentagram	pentagram
penthouse	penthouse
penultimate	penultimate
people	vanhu
peopled	peopled
pep	pep
pepper	pepper
peppermint	peppermint
pepperoni	pepperoni
peppy	peppy
peptic	peptic
peptide	peptide
perceive	ona
percent	percent
percentage	percentage
percentile	percentile
perceptible	zvinonzwisisika
perception	maonero
perceptive	kunzwisisa
perch	perch
perchance	perchance
percolation	percolation
percussion	percussion
perdition	kuparadzwa
peremptory	peremptory
perennial	kusingaperi
perfect	akakwana
perfection	kukwana
perfectionist	perfectionist
perfecto	NO TRANSLATION
perforated	perforated
perforation	perforation
perforce	kushanda nesimba
perform	ita
performance	kushanda
performer	mutambi
perfume	zvinonhuwira
perfumed	perfumed
peri	peri
peridot	peridot
peril	njodzi
perilous	zvinotyisa
perimeter	perimeter
period	nguva
periodic	periodic
periodical	periodical
periodically	nguva nenguva
periodicity	periodicity
peripheral	peripheral
periphery	periphery
periscope	periscope
perish	kuparara
perishable	zvinoparara
perished	vakaparara
perishing	kuparara
perjury	kunyengera
perk	perk
perky	perky
perm	perm
permanence	kusingaperi
permanent	kusingaperi
permeable	zvinokwana
permeate	permeate
permeation	permeation
permissible	inobvumirwa
permission	mvumo
permissive	permissive
permit	mvumo
permitted	akabvumira
permitting	kubvumira
permutation	permutation
pernicious	pernicious
peroxide	peroxide
perpendicular	perpendicular
perpetrate	kunetsa
perpetrator	mutadzi
perpetual	nokusingaperi
perpetually	nokusingaperi
perpetuate	kupfuurira mberi
perpetuation	perpetuation
perpetuity	perpettuity
perplexed	zvinokanganisika
perplexing	kunetseka
perplexity	kukanganisika
persecute	vanotambudza
persecution	kutambudzwa
perseverance	kutsungirira
persevere	kutsungirira
persist	zvinoramba
persistence	kuramba
persistent	zvinoramba
persisting	kuramba uchidaro
person	munhu
persona	NO TRANSLATION
personable	munhu anogona
personage	personage
personal	munhu oga
personality	unhu
personification	personification
personnel	vashandi
persons	vanhu
perspective	maonero
perspiration	jira
persuade	kunyengetedza
persuasion	kunyengetedza
persuasive	kunyengetedza
pert	pert
pertinent	zvakakodzera
perturbation	kuparadza
pertussis	pertussis
perusal	kukanganisa
peruse	zvinoshandiswa
pervading	inowedzera
perverse	kupotsa
perversion	kupotsa
pervert	kupotsa
perverted	kukanganisa
pesky	pesky
pessimism	pessimism
pessimist	pessimist
pessimistic	kushaya tariro
pest	pest
pester	pester
pestilence	denda
pestle	pestle
pesto	pesto
pet	pet
petal	petal
petite	small
petition	chikumbiro
petitioner	petitioner
petloss	NO TRANSLATION
petpeeve	NO TRANSLATION
petrified	petrified
petrify	petrify
petrol	petrol
petroleum	petroleum
petticoat	petticoat
petting	petting
petty	petty
petulant	petulant
petunia	petunia
pew	pew
pewter	pewter
peyote	NO TRANSLATION
phalanx	phalanx
phantom	phantom
pharaoh	pharao
pharmaceutical	mishonga
pharmacist	pharmacist
pharmacology	pharmacology
pharmacy	pharmacy
phase	phase
pheasant	pheasant
phenomenal	phenomenal
phenomenon	phenomenon
pheromone	pheromone
phew	phew
phi	phi
philanthropic	philanthropic
philanthropist	philanthropist
philanthropy	philanthropy
philistine	philistine
philosopher	muzivi
philosophic	philosophic
philosophical	philosophical
philosophy	uzivi
phlegm	phlegm
pho	pho
phobia	phobia
phoenix	phoenix
phone	foni
phonetic	phonetic
phonetics	phonetics
phonics	phonics
phonograph	piramufomu
phonology	phonology
phony	phony
phooey	phooey
phosphate	phosphate
phosphor	phosphor
phosphorus	phosphorus
photo	photo
photogenic	photogenic
photograph	Mufananidzo
photographer	photographer
photographic	photographic
photography	kupikisa
photometry	photometry
photon	photon
phrase	mutsara
phraseology	phraseology
phylogeny	phylogeny
physical	nyama
physical therapist	physician therapist
physician	chiremba
physicist	physicist
physics	physics
physiological	muviri
physiology	physiology
physique	physique
pi	pi
pianist	pianist
piano	piano
piazza	piazza
piccolo	NO TRANSLATION
pick	nhonga
picked	akasarudza
picker	picker
picket	picket
picketing	picketing
pickle	pickle
pickled	akafukidzwa
pickpocket	pickpocket
pickup	nhonga
picky	picky
picnic	picnic
pictorial	pictorial
picture	image
pictures	mifananidzo
picturesque	picturesque
pie	pie
piece	piece
piecemeal	piecemeal
pieceofshit	pieceofshit
pied	pied
pier	pier
pierce	kurova
piety	uMwari
pig	nguruve
pigeon	pigeon
piggy	piggy
piggyback	piggyback
pigheaded	pigheaded
piglet	piglet
pigment	pigment
pigskin	nguruve
pigsty	pigsty
pike	pike
pile	pile
piles	miviri
pileup	pileup
pilgrim	pilgrim
pilgrimage	pilgrimage
pill	mapiritsi
pillage	kupamba
pillar	mbiru
pillbox	pillbox
pillow	pillow
pillowcase	pillowcase
pilot	pilota
pimp	pimp
pimple	pimple
pin	pin
pinball	pinball
pinch	pinch
pinching	pinching
pine	pine
pineapple	chinanai
ping	ping
pinhead	pinhead
pinhole	pinhole
pinion	pinion
pink	pinki
pinkie	pinkie
pinnacle	zvakanyanya
pinot	pinot
pinpoint	pinpoint
pint	pint
pinto	pinto
pinup	pinup
pioneer	piyona
pious	vanozvikudza
pip	pip
pipe	pipe
piped	piped
pipeline	pipeline
piper	piper
pipette	pipette
piping	piping
pipsqueak	pipsqueak
pique	pique
piracy	piracy
piranha	piranha
pirate	pirate
piscina	NO TRANSLATION
piss	piss
pissed	pissed
pissedoff	kugumbuka
pisser	NO TRANSLATION
pissesmeoff	pissesmeoff
pissingmeoff	pissingmeoff
pissoff	ibvapo
pistachio	pistachio
pistol	pisitori
piston	pistoni
pit	gomba
pita	pita
pitch	pitch
pitcher	pitcher
pitchfork	pitchfork
pitfall	pitfall
pith	pith
pithy	pithy
pitiful	kunzwira tsitsi
pitted	pitted
pitter	pitter
pituitary	pituitary
pity	tsitsi
pivot	pivot
pivotal	zvinonyanya kukosha
pix	pix
pixie	pixie
pizza	pizza
pizzazz	pizzazz
pizzeria	pizzeria
placard	placard
place	nzvimbo
placebo	placebo
placement	kuiswa
placenta	placenta
placid	placid
placket	placket
plagiarism	kutsvaga
plague	denda
plaid	plaid
plain	zvakajeka
plainclothes	plainclothes
plaintiff	muchengeti
plaintive	plaintive
plan	ronga
plane	plane
planes	ndege
planet	planet
planetarium	planetarium
planetary	planetary
planets	mapuraneti
plank	plank
plankton	plankton
planned	rakarongwa
planner	mugadziri
planning	kuronga
plant	simiti
plantation	munda
planter	mupari
planting	kudyara
plaque	plaque
plasma	plasma
plaster	plaster
plastic	plastiki
plasticity	plasticity
plat	plat
plate	ndiro
plateau	plateau
plated	plated
platform	platform
plating	plating
platinum	platinum
platonic	platonic
platoon	platoon
platter	platter
plaudit	NO TRANSLATION
plausibility	plausibility
plausible	zvinonzwisisika
play	kutamba
playa	playa
playback	playback
playbook	playbook
playboy	playboy
player	mutambi
playful	playful
playground	nzvimbo yekutamba
playhouse	playhouse
playmate	playmate
playoff	playoff
playpen	playpen
playroom	playroom
plaything	plaything
playtime	playtime
playwright	playwright
plaza	plaza
plea	chikumbiro
plead	chikumbiro
pleasant	inofadza
pleased	anofara
pleasing	inofadza
pleasurable	zvinonakidza
pleasure	mufaro
pleasures	mafaro
pleat	pleat
pleated	vakakumbira
pledge	pledge
pledged	akapika
plenary	plenary
plentiful	zvakawanda
plenty	zvakawanda
plenum	plenum
plethora	plethora
plexus	plexus
pliable	pliable
plication	plication
pliers	pliers
plight	chinetso
plinth	plinth
plodding	plodding
plop	plop
plot	chimiro
plough	plow
ploughed	akarima
plover	plover
plow	plow
plowed	akarima
plowing	kurima
ploy	ploy
pluck	pluck
plucky	plucky
plug	plug
plum	plum
plumage	plumage
plumb	plumb
plumber	plumber
plumbing	plumbing
plume	plume
plummet	kupenya
plump	plump
plumper	plumper
plunder	kupamba
plunge	penya
plunger	plunger
plural	muzvizhinji
plurality	zvakawanda
plush	plush
plutonium	plutonium
ply	ply
plywood	plywood
pneumatic	pneumatic
pneumonia	pneumonia
poacher	poacher
poachers	vaparidzi
poaching	poaching
pocket	pocket
pocketbook	pocketbook
pocketful	pocketful
pod	NO TRANSLATION
podium	podium
poem	nhetembo
poems	nhetembo
poet	mudetembi
poetic	nhetembo
poetical	poetical
poetics	poetics
poetry	nhetembo
pogo	pogo
poignant	poignant
point	pfungwa
pointedly	zvakananga
pointer	pointer
pointless	pasina
pointy	pointy
poise	poise
poison	chepfu
poisoned	chepfu
poisoning	poisoning
poisonous	chepfuous
poke	poke
poker	poker
pokes	pokes
polar	polar
polarity	polarity
pole	pole
polemic	chirevo
police	Mapurisa
police officer	mupurisa
policeman	mupurisa
policewoman	mupurisa
policy	mutemo
polio	polio
polish	ChiPolish
polished	yakaputika
polite	ruremekedzo
politeness	kutendeseka
politic	politics
political	zvematongerwo enyika
politician	vezvematongerwo enyika
politics	zvematongerwo enyika
polity	kuchena
polka	polka
poll	chisarudzo
pollen	mapureni
polling	kupikisa
pollute	kusvibisa
pollution	kusvibiswa
polo	polo
poltergeist	poltergeist
polyester	polyester
polygamy	goroka
polygon	polygon
polygonal	polygonal
polygraph	polygraph
polymer	polymer
polymorphism	polymorphism
pomp	pompump
pompous	rumbidzo
poncho	poncho
pond	dziva
ponder	fungisisa
ponderous	ponderous
pong	pong
pontiff	pontiff
pontificate	pontificate
pontoon	pontoon
pony	pony
ponytail	ponytail
pooch	pooch
poodle	poodle
poof	chifukidzo
pool	dziva
poop	tsvina
poor	varombo
poorly	zvisina kunaka
pop	pop
popcorn	popcorn
pope	papa
popper	popper
poppy	poppy
poppycock	poppycock
popsicle	popsicle
popular	yakakurumbira
popularity	mukurumbira
popularized	popularized
population	chizvarwa
populous	vanhu vakawanda
porcelain	porcelain
porch	porch
porcupine	porcupine
pore	pore
pork	nyama yenguruve
porker	porker
porky	porky
porn	zvinonyadzisira
porno	porno
pornographic	zvinonyadzisira
pornography	zvinonyadzisira
porosity	porosity
porous	porous
porridge	porridge
port	chikepe
portable	portable
portage	portage
portal	portal
porter	porter
porterhouse	porterhouse
portfolio	portfolio
porthole	porthole
portico	portico
portion	mugove
portrait	portrait
portraiture	portraiture
portray	inoratidza
pose	pose
poser	NO TRANSLATION
posh	posh
posited	posited
position	nzvimbo
positioning	positioning
positive	positive
positiveenergy	NO TRANSLATION
positively	zvakanaka
positivity	positivity
posse	posse
possess	possess
possessed	vane nhaka
possessing	vane
possession	possession
possessive	ane simba
possessor	muridzi
possibility	mukana
possible	zvinogoneka
possibly	zvichida
possum	possum
post	post
postage	postage
postal	poso
postcard	postcard
poster	poster
posterior	posterior
posterity	posterity
posthumous	posthumous
postman	postman
postmortem	postmortem
postpone	kudzoka shure
postponed	rakasarudzwa
postponement	kudzokera shure
postscript	postscript
postulate	postulate
posture	posture
pot	pot
potable	inonaka
potassium	potassium
potato	mbatata
potatoes	mbatata
potency	potency
potent	zvakanyanya
potential	zvingaita
pothead	pothead
pothole	pothole
potion	potion
potluck	potluck
potpourri	potpourri
potted	potted
potter	muumbi wehari
pottery	potter
potty	potty
pouch	chikwama
poultry	huku
pounce	pounce
pound	pound
pounding	pounding
pour	NO TRANSLATION
pout	pout
pouting	pouting
pouty	pouty
poverty	urombo
pow	pow
powder	powder
powdered	powdered
powdery	powdery
power	simba
powerful	vane simba
powerfully	nesimba
powerhouse	powerhouse
powerless	simba
powwow	powwow
pox	pox
practicable	zvinogoneka
practical	zvinobatsira
practically	zvinoita
practice	tsika
practiced	zvaiitwa
practise	tsika
practitioner	practitioner
pragmatic	pragmatic
prairie	prairie
praise	rumbidzo
praised	kurumbidzwa
praisegod	NO TRANSLATION
praisejesus	NO TRANSLATION
praises	rumbidzo
praiseworthy	kurumbidzwa
praising	kurumbidza
prance	prance
prank	prank
prawn	prawn
praxis	praxis
pray	kunyengetera
prayer	munyengetero
prayforme	prayform
praying	kunyengetera
praying mantis	kunyengetera mantis
preach	kuparidza
preacher	muparidzi
preaching	kuparidza
preamble	preamble
precarious	zvinotyisa
precaution	precaution
precautionary	precautionary
precede	precede
precedence	precedence
precedent	precedent
preceding	inotangira
precept	chirevo
preceptor	preceptor
precession	precession
precinct	precinct
precincts	zvakananga
precious	anokosha
precipice	precipice
precipitate	precipitate
precipitation	precipitation
precipitous	precipitous
precise	zvakananga
precisely	zvakanyatsoitika
precision	zvakajeka
preclude	kudzivisa
precocious	precocious
precursor	mberi
predator	nyama
predatory	predatory
predecessor	predecessor
predicament	predicament
predicate	predicate
predict	inofanotaura
predictable	inofanirwa
predicting	predicting
prediction	prediction
predictive	predictive
predictor	predictor
predilection	predilection
predispose	predispose
predisposed	predisposed
predisposition	predisposition
predominance	predominance
predominant	predominant
predominate	predominate
preeminent	inokosha
preemption	preemption
preemptive	preemptive
preface	chirevo
prefect	prefect
prefer	sarudza
preferable	zvinosarudzwa
preference	preference
preferential	zvakasarudzwa
prefix	prefix
pregnancy	pamuviri
pregnant	ane pamuviri
prehistoric	prehistoric
prejudice	kusarura
prejudiced	kusarura
prejudicial	kusarura
prelim	prelim
preliminary	preliminary
prelude	prelude
premarital	vasati varoorana
premature	premature
prematurely	kusati kwaitika
premed	premed
premeditated	premeditated
premier	Premier
premiere	premiere
premise	chirevo
premises	nzvimbo
premium	premium
premonition	premonition
prenatal	kusununguka
prenuptial	prenuptial
preoccupation	kufungisisa
preoccupied	preoccupied
prep	prep
preparation	Kugadzirira
preparatory	kugadzirira
prepare	gadzirira
prepared	akagadzirira
preparedness	kugadzirira
preparer	preparer
preparing	kugadzirira
preponderance	kunyunyisa
preposterous	preposterous
preppy	preppy
prerequisite	zvakakodzera
prerogative	chiremera
preschool	zvidzidzo zvekare
prescient	achiziva
prescribe	nyora
prescribed	zvakatemwa
prescription	chiremba
prescriptive	zvinorondedzerwa
presence	kuvapo
present	iripo
presentable	inooneka
presentation	mharidzo
presenter	mupepeti
presentment	mharidzo
presents	zvipo
preservation	kuchengetedzwa
preservative	kuchengetedza
preserve	kuchengetedza
preserved	kuchengetedzwa
preserving	kuchengetedza
preside	preside
presidency	presidency
president	mutungamiri wenyika
presidential	presidential
press	press
pressing	kuomesa
pressure	kudzvinyirira
prestige	mukurumbira
prestigious	zvinokudzwa
presto	presto
presume	fungidzira
presumption	kuzvikudza
presumptive	kuzvikudza
presumptuous	kuzvikudza
presuppose	presuppose
pretend	pretend
pretended	akazvinyengera
pretender	pretender
pretending	vachizviti
pretense	kunyengera
pretensions	kunyengedza
pretentious	kunyengera
pretext	kunyengedza
pretty	runako
pretzel	pretzel
prevail	inokunda
prevailing	inokunda
prevalence	kupararira
prevalent	yakawanda
prevent	kudzivirira
preventative	kudzivirira
prevention	kudzivirira
preventive	kudzivirira
preview	preview
previous	yapfuura
previously	kare
prey	mupambi
price	mutengo
priceless	inokosha
pricey	pricey
prick	prick
prickly	prickly
pride	kuzvikudza
priest	mupristi
priestess	mupristi
priesthood	upristi
priestly	mupristi
prig	prig
prim	prim
prima	NO TRANSLATION
primacy	primacy
primal	primal
primary	primary
primate	primate
primates	primates
prime	prime
primed	primed
primer	primer
primeval	primeval
priming	priming
primitive	primitive
primordial	primordial
primrose	primrose
prince	muchinda
princely	princely
princess	princess
principal	mukuru
principally	zvikurukuru
principle	chirevo
principles	mazano
print	print
printer	printer
printing	kudhinda
printout	printout
prior	kare
prioritize	zvakakosha
priority	kutanga
priory	priory
prism	prism
prismatic	prismatic
prison	jeri
prisoner	musungwa
prissy	prissy
pristine	pristine
privacy	wega
private	pachake
privately	pachivande
privilege	ropafadzo
privileged	ropafadzo
privy	privy
prize	mubayiro
prized	prized
pro	pro
proactive	zvinoshanda
probability	zvichida
probable	zvichida
probate	probate
probation	kuedzwa
probationary	kuongorora
probative	kuedza
probe	probe
probing	kuongorora
probity	probity
problem	dambudziko
problematic	chinetso
procedural	nzira
procedure	nzira
proceed	pfuurira
proceeding	kupfuurira
proceeds	inowanikwa
process	process
processing	processing
procession	mufambiro
processor	processor
proclaim	zivisa
proclamation	kuzivisa
procrastinate	kuzvidzora
procrastination	kunonoka
procreate	procreate
procreation	procreation
proctologist	proctologist
proctor	proctor
procure	inowana
procurement	kutenga zvinhu
prod	prod
prodigal	muparadzi
prodigious	prodigious
prodigy	prodigy
produce	zvibereko
produced	yakabudiswa
producer	producer
producing	kubudisa
product	chigadzirwa
production	kubudisa
productive	kubudirira
productivity	kubudirira
profane	tsvina
profanity	tsvina
profess	profess
profession	basa
professional	unyanzvi
professionalism	unyanzvi
professor	purofesa
professorship	professorship
proficiency	unyanzvi
proficient	unyanzvi
profile	profile
profiler	profiler
profit	profit
profitable	inobatsira
profound	zvakadzama
profuse	profuse
profusion	profusion
prog	prog
progenitor	progenitor
progeny	vana
prognosis	prognosis
prognostic	prognostic
program	purogiramu
programme	purogiramu
programmer	programmer
programming	programming
progress	kufambira mberi
progression	kufambira mberi
progressive	progressive
prohibit	zvinorambidza
prohibited	inorambidzwa
prohibition	kurambidza
prohibitive	kudzivisa
project	project
projectile	projectile
projectiles	projectiles
projecting	projecting
projection	kuratidzwa
projector	projector
proletarian	proletarian
proletariat	proletariat
prolific	prolific
prologue	prologue
prolong	prolong
prolongation	prolongation
prolonged	nguva refu
prom	prom
promenade	promenade
prominence	mukurumbira
prominent	akakurumbira
prominently	zvakanyanya
promiscuity	kusvibiswa
promiscuous	chifeve
promise	vimbiso
promising	achivimbisa
promissory	chivimbiso
promo	promo
promontory	promontory
promote	kukurudzira
promoter	promoter
promotion	promotion
promotional	promotional
prompt	kukurumidza
prompting	kukurudzira
promulgate	rondedzera
promulgation	kuparidzirwa
prone	zvinowanzoitika
prong	prong
pronounce	taura
pronounced	akadaro
pronouncement	chirevo
pronto	NO TRANSLATION
pronunciation	matanho
proof	uchapupu
prop	prop
propaganda	propaganda
propagate	propagate
propagation	kuparadzira
propane	propane
propel	propel
propelled	propelled
propeller	propeller
propelling	propelling
propensity	propensity
proper	zvakakodzera
property	pfuma
prophecy	uporofita
prophesy	profita
prophet	muporofita
prophetic	uprofita
prophylactic	prophylactic
prophylaxis	prophylaxis
proportion	chikamu
proportional	kufanana
proportionate	proportionate
proportions	zviyero
proposal	proposal
propose	sarudza
proposition	proposition
proprietary	proprietary
proprietor	proprietor
proprietorship	proprietorship
propriety	zvakakodzera
propulsion	propulsion
prose	prose
prosecute	kupomera
prosecution	kupomerwa
prosecutor	mutongi
prospect	tariro
prospection	kutarisira
prospective	vanotarisira
prospectively	zvakananga
prospector	prospector
prospectus	prospectus
prosper	kubudirira
prosperity	kubudirira
prosperous	kubudirira
prostate	prostate
prosthetic	prosthetic
prostitute	hufeve
prostitution	ufeve
prostrate	gwadama
protagonist	protagonist
protect	kudzivirira
protected	yakachengetedzwa
protecting	kudzivirira
protection	kudzivirira
protective	kudzivirira
protector	mudziviriri
protein	protein
protest	zvinopikisa
protestant	protestant
protocol	protocol
proton	proton
prototype	prototype
protozoa	protozoa
protracted	protracted
protrude	protrude
protrusion	protrusion
proud	vanozvikudza
prove	zvinoratidza
proven	zvinoratidzwa
proverb	chirevo
proverbial	chirevo
provide	kupa
provided	akapiwa
providence	kupa
provider	mupi
providing	kupa
province	province
provincial	province
provision	urongwa
provisional	nguva
provisionally	nguva
provisions	zvirongwa
proviso	proviso
provocation	kutsamwa
provocative	zvinokurudzira
provoke	kutsamwisa
provoked	kutsamwa
provoking	kukanganisa
provost	provost
prowess	kuchenjera
prowl	prowl
prowler	prowler
proximal	inopera
proximate	proximate
proximity	kuswedera pedyo
proxy	proxy
prude	prude
prudence	prudence
prudent	vakachenjera
prune	prune
pruning	pruning
pry	pry
prying	prying
psalm	Pisarema
psalms	mapisarema
pseudo	pseudo
pseudonym	pseudonym
psi	psi
psoriasis	psoriasis
psych	psych
psyche	psyche
psychedelic	psychedelic
psychiatric	psychiatric
psychiatrist	chipatara
psychiatry	chipatara
psychic	psychic
psychical	mupfungwa
psychics	nyanzvi
psycho	psycho
psychoanalysis	psychoanalysis
psychoanalyst	psychoanalyst
psychobabble	kunetseka
psychological	mupfungwa
psychologist	mupfungwa wepfungwa
psychology	psychology
psychopath	psychopath
psychopathic	psychopathic
psychosis	psychosis
psychosomatic	psychosomatic
psychotherapy	psychotherapy
psychotic	psychotic
pterodactyl	pterodactyl
ptsd	ptsd
pub	pub
puberty	kuberekwa
pubes	pubes
pubescent	pubescent
pubic	pubic
public	vanhu vose
publication	bhuku racho
publicist	mutori wenhau
publicity	kuparidzirwa
publicly	pachena
publicspeaking	NO TRANSLATION
publish	kubudisa
published	yakabudiswa
publisher	muparidzi
publishing	kubudisa
puck	puck
pucker	pucker
pudding	pudding
puddle	puddle
pudgy	pudgy
puff	kuzvikudza
puffing	kuzvikudza
puffy	kuzvikudza
pug	pug
puke	puka
pull	pull
pulley	pulley
pullover	mira
pulmonary	pulmonary
pulp	pulp
pulpit	pulpiti
pulsar	pulsar
pulsation	pulsation
pulse	pulse
puma	puma
pump	pombi
pumped	pumped
pumpkin	pumpkin
pun	NO TRANSLATION
punch	punch
punched	punched
punching	punching
punchy	punchy
punctual	nguva
punctuality	nguva
punctually	nguva
punctuation	pfumbamwe
puncture	puncture
pundit	pundit
pungent	pungent
punish	kuranga
punishable	kurangwa
punished	kurangwa
punishing	kuranga
punishment	kurangwa
punitive	punitive
punk	punk
punt	punt
puny	puny
pup	pup
pupil	mudzidzi
puppet	puppet
puppeteer	puppeteer
puppy	puppy
purchase	kutenga
purchaser	mutengi
purchasing	kutenga
pure	akachena
purebliss	NO TRANSLATION
puree	puree
purely	purely
purgatory	purgatory
purge	purge
purification	kucheneswa
purify	chichenesa
purist	purist
purity	purity
purple	pepuru
purport	purport
purpose	chinangwa
purposely	chinangwa
purr	purr
purring	purring
purse	chikwereti
pursuance	kutevera
pursue	tevera
pursuing	kutevera
pursuit	kutevera
purveyor	purveyor
purview	purview
pus	pus
push	push
pusher	pusher
pushing	pushing
pushover	pushover
pushy	pushy
puss	puss
pussy	pussy
pussycat	pussycat
put	put
putative	putative
putrid	putrid
puts	unoisa
putt	putt
putter	putter
putty	putty
puzzle	puzzle
puzzled	anoshamisika
puzzling	kushamisika
pygmy	pygmy
pylon	pylon
pyramid	piramidi
pyramidal	pyramidal
pyrotechnics	pyrotechnics
python	python
quack	quack
quad	quad
quadrangle	quadrangle
quadrant	quadrant
quadratic	quadratic
quadrature	quadrature
quadruple	quadruple
quadrupole	quadrupole
quagmire	quagmire
quail	zvihuta
quaint	chikafu
quake	kudengenyeka
qualifications	zvidzidzo
qualified	akakodzera
qualify	akakodzera
qualifying	kukodzera
qualities	unhu
quality	unhu
quandary	quandary
quantify	quantify
quantitative	kuwanda
quantitatively	quantitatively
quantity	kuwanda
quantum	quantum
quarantine	kuzvitsaurira
quarrel	kukakavara
quarry	karoti
quart	quart
quarter	quarter
quarterback	quarterback
quartered	quartered
quarterly	quarterly
quartermaster	quartermaster
quarters	zvigaro
quartet	quartet
quartile	quartile
quarto	NO TRANSLATION
quartz	quartz
quash	quash
quasi	quasi
quaternary	quaternary
quay	NO TRANSLATION
queasiness	queasiness
queasy	queasy
queen	vahosi
queer	queer
quell	quell
quench	kudzima
query	mubvunzo
quest	quest
question	Mubvunzo
questionable	zvinokanganisika
questioning	mibvunzo
questionnaire	mibvunzo
queue	mutsara
queues	misoro
quibble	quibble
quiche	quiche
quick	nokukurumidza
quicken	kurumidza
quickie	quickie
quickly	nokukurumidza
quickness	kukurumidza
quicksand	quicksand
quicksilver	quicksilver
quid	quid
quiescent	quiescent
quiet	akanyarara
quietly	akanyarara
quill	quill
quilt	quilt
quince	quince
quinine	quinine
quintet	quintet
quirk	quirk
quirky	quirky
quit	siya
quits	quits
quitter	NO TRANSLATION
quiver	quote
quivering	kugwedezeka
quiz	mibvunzo
quorum	quorum
quota	quota
quotation	quotation
quote	quote
quotes	quotes
quotient	quotient
rabbi	rabbi
rabbit	murwi
rabble	rabble
rabid	rabid
rabies	rabies
raccoon	raccoon
race	race
racehorse	racehorse
racer	racer
racetrack	racetrack
racial	dzinza
racism	racism
racist	racist
rack	rack
racket	racket
racketeering	racketeering
racking	racking
racquetball	racquetball
racy	racy
radar	radar
radial	radial
radiance	radiance
radiant	radiant
radiate	radiate
radiation	radiation
radiator	radiator
radical	radical
radically	radically
radio	redhiyo
radioactive	radioactive
radioactivity	radioactivity
radiograph	radiograph
radiography	radiography
radiologist	radiologist
radiology	radiology
radish	radish
radium	radium
radius	radius
radon	radon
raffle	raffle
raft	raft
rag	rag
rage	hasha
ragemode	ragemode
ragetweet	NO TRANSLATION
ragged	ragged
raggedy	raggedy
raging	raging
rags	rags
ragtime	ragtime
raid	raid
raider	raider
rail	railway
railing	kunyomba
railroad	njanji
railway	chereni
raiment	nguo
rain	mvura
rainbow	rainbow
rainbow trout	rainbow trout
rainbows	rainbows
raincoat	raincoat
raindrops	raindrops
rainfall	mvura
rainforest	rainforest
rainmaker	rainmaker
rainstorm	kunaya kwemvura
rainy	kunaya
rainyday	rainyday
raise	simudza
raised	wakamutswa
raisin	raisin
raising	kurera
rake	rake
rally	rally
ram	gondohwe
ramble	ramble
rambling	rambling
ramp	ramp
rampage	rampage
rampant	zvakapararira
rampart	rampart
ramrod	ramrod
ranch	ranch
rancher	rancher
rancid	rancid
random	random
randomly	randomly
randomness	randomness
randy	randy
range	maruva
ranger	ranger
rank	rank
ranking	ranking
ransom	rudzikinuro
rant	rant
ranting	ranting
rap	rap
rape	kubata
rapid	nokukurumidza
rapidity	rapidity
rapids	rapids
rapist	mupambi
rapper	rapper
rapping	rapping
rapport	NO TRANSLATION
rapt	rapt
raptor	raptor
raptors	raptors
rapture	rapture
rare	rare
rarely	kazhinji
rarity	rarity
rascal	rascal
rash	mapundu
raspberries	raspberries
raspberry	raspberry
rat	rat
ratchet	ratchet
rate	muzinga
ratification	ratification
ratify	ratify
rating	rating
ratio	chiyero
ration	ration
rational	rational
rationale	rational
rationalism	rationalism
rationality	rationality
rationalize	rationalize
rationing	rationing
rattan	rattan
rattle	rattle
rattled	rattled
rattler	rattler
rattlesnake	rattlesnake
ratty	ratty
raucous	raucous
ravage	kuparadza
rave	rave
raven	raven
ravenous	ravenous
ravine	ravine
raving	raving
ravioli	ravioli
ravishing	ravishing
raw	mbichi
rawhide	rawhide
rawr	rawr
ray	ray
razor	razor
reach	kusvika
react	react
reaction	reaction
reactionary	reactionary
reactive	reactive
reactor	reactor
read	verenga
reader	muverengi
readership	readership
readily	nyore nyore
readiness	kugadzirira
reading	kuverenga
readjustment	readjustment
readout	Verenga
ready	akagadzirira
readytogo	readytogo
reaffirm	rea confirm
reagent	reagent
real	chaiye
realism	realism
realist	realist
realistic	zvinoitika
reality	chokwadi
realization	kuziva
realize	ona
realm	nyika
realtor	realtor
realty	realty
ream	ream
reap	kukohwa
reaper	mukohwi
reappear	reappear
rear	shure
rearrange	rearrange
rearrangement	rearrangement
reason	chikonzero
reasonable	zvine musoro
reasonableness	kunzwisisa
reasoning	kufunga
reasons	zvikonzero
reassemble	reassemble
reassign	reassign
reassignment	reassignment
reassurance	kuvimbiswa
reassure	vimbisa
reassured	akavimbiswa
reassuring	anosimbisa
rebate	rebate
rebel	rebel
rebellion	kupandukira
rebellious	kupandukira
rebels	vapanduki
rebirth	rebirth
reboot	reboot
reborn	reborn
rebound	rebound
rebuild	dzoka zvakare
rebuke	tsiura
rebut	rebut
rebuttal	rebuttal
recalcitrant	recalcitrant
recall	yeuka
recant	recant
recap	repap
recapture	kudzoka zvakare
recast	kunonoka
recede	dzoka
receding	receding
receipt	risiti
receipts	risiti
receive	gamuchira
received	akagamuchira
receiver	receiver
receiving	kugamuchira
recent	ichangopfuura
receptacle	chigamuchira
reception	kugamuchira
receptionist	mugamuchira
receptive	kugamuchira
receptor	receptor
recess	kureva
recesses	zvidzidzo
recession	mutsauko
recharge	recharge
recheck	recheck
recherche	NO TRANSLATION
recidivism	recidivism
recipe	recipe
recipient	mubatsiri
reciprocal	reciprocal
reciprocate	reciprocate
reciprocity	reciprocity
recital	recital
recitation	kudzokorora
recite	cherechedza
reckless	reckless
recklessness	kusava nehanya
reckon	reckon
reckoning	kuverenga
reclaim	dzorera
reclamation	kudzokorora
recline	kurara
reclining	kumira
recluse	kurega
recognition	kuonekwa
recognizable	inozivikanwa
recognize	vanoziva
recognized	akazivikanwa
recoil	dzoka
recollect	kuyeuka
recollection	kuyeuka
recombinant	recombinant
recombination	recombination
recommend	kurudzira
recommendation	kukurudzira
recompense	kutsiva
recon	recon
reconcile	kuyananisa
reconciliation	kuyananiswa
reconfigure	reconfigure
reconnaissance	kubvuma
reconnect	reconnect
reconsider	funga zvakare
reconsideration	kufungisisa zvakare
reconstitution	kugadzirisa
reconstruct	dzovakazve
reconstruction	kuvakazve
reconstructive	kuvaka
reconvene	dzokerazve
record	rekodha
recorder	recorder
recording	kurekodi
recount	rondedzera
recoup	recoup
recourse	recourse
recover	kupora
recoverable	rinogona kuwanikwa
recovery	kupora
recreate	recreate
recreation	kushamwaridzana
recreational	kunakidzwa
recruit	recruit
recruiter	recruiter
recruiting	kuunganidza
recruitment	kubatanidzwa
recruits	vanotora
rectal	rectal
rectangle	rectangle
rectangular	rectangular
rectification	kururamisa
rectify	ruramisa
rector	rector
rectory	rectory
rectum	rectum
recumbent	recumbent
recuperation	kupora
recur	recur
recurrence	kudzokorora
recurrent	zvinowanzoitika
recurring	rinoramba richidzoka
recursion	recursion
recursive	rinodzokorora
recursively	achidzokorora
recycle	dzokazve
recycled	rakashandurwa zvakare
recycling	kudzokera zvakare
red	tsvuku
reddish	tsvuku
redecorate	redecorate
redeem	dzikinure
redeemed	vakadzikinurwa
redemption	redemption
redesign	redesign
redhead	redhead
redheaded	akadzikinurwa
redirect	redirect
redneck	redneck
redness	kubwinya
redo	redo
redress	kugadzirisa
reduce	kuderedza
reduced	kuderedza
reduction	kuderedza
redundancy	redundancy
redundant	redundant
redwood	redwood
reed	rutsanga
reef	reef
reefer	reefer
reefs	reefs
reek	reek
reel	reel
reelection	reelection
reeling	reeling
reenactment	reenactment
reentry	reentry
reestablish	reestablish
ref	ref
refer	rinoreva
referee	mutambi
reference	tsanangudzo
referendum	referendum
referral	kutumira
refill	dzoza
refine	kunatsa
refined	yakanatswa
refinement	kunatsiridza
refinery	refinery
refining	kunatsa
refit	kurega
reflect	kuratidza
reflecting	kuratidza
reflection	kufungisisa
reflective	kufungisisa
reflector	reflector
reflex	reflex
reflux	reflux
reform	kuchinja
reformation	reformation
reformer	reformer
refraction	kukanganiswa
refractor	refractor
refractory	refractory
refrain	rega
refraining	kudzivisa
refresh	rezorodza
refreshed	akazorodzwa
refreshing	anozorodza
refreshment	zororo
refrigerate	refrigerate
refrigeration	firiji
refrigerator	firiji
refuel	refuel
refuge	utiziro
refugee	mupoteri
refund	kudzorerazve
refurbish	ruramisa
refusal	kuramba
refuse	ramba
refused	vakaramba
refusing	kuramba
refutation	kuramba
refute	ramba
regain	dzoka zvakare
regal	regal
regalia	regalia
regard	hanya
regatta	regatta
regency	regency
regenerate	regenerate
regeneration	kudzokazve
regent	regent
reggae	reggae
regime	hurumende
regimen	regimen
regiment	regiment
regimental	regimental
region	nzvimbo
regional	mharaunda
regionalism	regionalism
register	register
registrar	munyori
registration	kubhabhatidzwa
registry	registry
regress	regress
regression	regression
regressive	regressive
regret	kuzvidemba
regretful	kuzvidemba
regrettable	zvinosuruvarisa
regretted	akazvidemba
regretting	kuzvidemba
regroup	regroup
regular	nguva dzose
regularity	nguva dzose
regulars	regulars
regulate	regulate
regulated	regulated
regulation	mutemo
regulator	regulator
regulatory	kuronga
regurgitation	regurgitation
rehab	rehab
rehabilitate	rehabilitate
rehabilitation	kugadziriswa
rehash	rehash
rehearsal	rehearsal
rehearse	dzokerazve
reign	anobata ushe
reigning	kutonga
reimburse	reimburse
reimbursement	reimbursement
rein	rein
reincarnation	kuberekwa patsva
reindeer	reindeer
reinforce	kusimbisa
reinforcement	reinforcement
reinforcements	reinforcements
reins	reins
reinstall	dzorerazve
reinstate	dzorerazve
reinstatement	kudzorerazve
reinvest	reinvest
reinvestment	reinvestment
reiterate	dzokerazve
reject	rega
rejected	rakarambwa
rejection	kuramba
rejects	rinoramba
rejoice	fara
rejoicing	kufara
rejoin	rejoin
rejuvenate	rejuvenate
rejuvenated	rejuvenated
rekindle	dzokazve
relapse	kudzokerazve
relate	inorondedzera
related	zvakabatana
relation	hukama
relationship	ukama
relative	hama
relativity	kuwirirana
relax	zorora
relaxant	kunonoka
relaxation	kusununguka
relaxed	wakasununguka
relaxing	kunonoka
relay	relay
release	kusunungurwa
released	akasunungurwa
relegation	kukanganisa
relentless	relentless
relevance	kukosha
relevancy	relevcy
relevant	zvakakodzera
reliability	kuvimbika
reliable	akavimbika
reliance	reliance
relic	relic
relics	relics
relief	kununurwa
relieve	relieve
relieved	relieved
relieving	relieving
relight	kuvimba
religion	chitendero
religious	chitendero
relinquish	rega
relish	kufara
relive	relive
reload	reload again
relocate	relocate
relocation	relocation
reluctance	kukanganisa
reluctant	kukanganwa
rely	kuvimba
remain	chigare
remainder	vakasara
remaining	kuramba
remains	rinoramba
remake	remake
remand	remand
remark	remark
remarkable	anoshamisa
remarkably	zvinoshamisa
remarry	kuroora zvakare
rematch	rematch
remedial	remedial
remedy	remedy
remember	yeuka
remembered	akayeuka
remembering	kurangarira
remembrance	chiyeuchidzo
remind	chiyeuchidzo
reminder	chiyeuchidzo
reminisce	chiyeuchidzo
reminiscent	chiyeuchidzo
reminiscing	kurangarira
remiss	remiss
remission	remission
remit	remit
remittance	remittance
remnant	vakasara
remodel	remodel
remorse	remorse
remorseful	remorseful
remote	kure
remoteness	kurega
removal	kubviswa
remove	Bvisa
remover	remover
remuneration	mubayiro
renaissance	renaissance
renal	renal
rencontre	NO TRANSLATION
rend	NO TRANSLATION
render	ita
rendering	kupa
rendezvous	zvinoshanduka
rendition	kushandura
renegade	renegade
renegotiate	renegotiate
renew	rondedzera
renewal	kuvandudzwa
renounce	renounce
renovate	renovate
renovated	rakagadziridzwa
renovation	kugadziridza
renown	mukurumbira
renowned	anozivikanwa
rent	renha
rental	kukodzwa
renter	renter
renunciation	renunciation
reopen	reopen
reorganization	kugadziridza zvakare
reorganize	reorganize
rep	rep
repaint	repaint
repair	repair
repairman	repairman
reparation	reparation
repay	dzoserera
repayment	kubhadhara
repeal	bvisa
repeat	dzoka
repeated	anodzokorora
repeatedly	kakawanda
repeater	repeater
repel	dzoka
repellant	repellant
repellent	vanonyangadza
repelling	repelling
repent	kutendeuka
repentance	kutendeuka
repentant	kupfidza
repertoire	repertoire
repertory	repertory
repetition	kudzokorora
repetitive	kudzokorora
rephrase	rephrase
replace	panzvimbo
replacement	kudzokera
replay	replay
replenish	dzoza zvakare
replete	zvakakwana
replica	replica
replicate	pindura
replication	kudzokorora
reply	pindura
report	report
reported	yakashuma
reporter	mutori wenhau
repose	repose
reposition	reposition
repository	repository
repossess	repossess
reprehensible	zvinokanganisa
represent	inomirira
representation	chimiro
representative	mumiririri
represented	anomiririra
representing	kumirira
repress	kudzvinyirira
repressed	rakapomerwa
repression	kudzvinyirira
reprieve	dzorera
reprimand	tsiura
reprint	reprint
reprisal	kuzvidza
reprise	dzokazve
reproach	kuzvidzwa
reproduce	dzorera
reproduction	kubereka
reproductive	kubereka
reprogram	reprogram
reptile	reptile
republic	republic
republican	republican
repudiation	kuramba
repugnance	kuzvidzora
repugnant	zvinonyangadza
repulsion	kuzvidzora
repulsive	kunyangadza
repurchase	kudzikinura
reputable	anoremekedzwa
reputation	mukurumbira
repute	repute
reputed	reputed
request	chikumbiro
requiem	requiem
require	inoda
required	inodikanwa
requirement	zvinodiwa
requisite	inokodzera
requisition	requisition
reread	reread
reroute	reroute
rerun	dzokerazve
reschedule	reschedule
rescind	rescind
rescission	kubvisa
rescue	kununura
research	tsvakurudzo
researcher	muongorori
resection	resection
resemblance	kufanana
resemble	kufanana
resembling	zvakafanana
resent	kutsamwa
resentful	kutsamwa
resentment	hasha
reservation	kuchengetwa
reserve	reserve
reserved	reserved
reserves	reserves
reservoir	reservoir
reset	resetse
reside	gara
residence	kugara
residences	dzimba dzekugara
residency	kugara
resident	anogara
residential	dzimba
residual	kusara
residue	masara
resign	siya
resignation	kurega basa
resigned	vakasiya
resilience	kusimba
resilient	resilient
resin	resin
resist	kurwisa
resistance	kushorwa
resistant	kusagadzikana
resisting	kurwisa
resistive	resistive
resolute	resolute
resolutely	zvakasimba
resolution	chisarudzo
resolve	kugadzirisa
resolved	resolved
resonance	resonance
resonant	resonant
resonate	resonate
resonator	resonator
resort	resort
resounding	kushungurudza
resource	resource
resourceful	rakanaka
resources	resources
respect	kuremekedza
respectability	kuremekedzwa
respectable	kuremekedzwa
respected	kuremekedzwa
respectful	kuremekedza
respecting	respecting
respective	respectively
respects	kuremekedza
respiration	respiration
respirator	respirator
respiratory	kuporesa
respite	respite
resplendent	rinokudzwa
respond	pindura
respondent	mhinduro
response	mhinduro
responsibility	mutoro
responsible	responsible
responsive	responsive
rest	zorora
restart	kutangazve
restaurant	restaurant
rested	akazorora
restful	kuzorora
restitution	kudzorera
restless	kusingaperi
restlessness	kusagadzikana
restock	restock
restoration	kudzorerwa
restorative	kudzorerazve
restore	kudzorera
restored	akadzorerwa
restoring	kudzorera
restrain	kudzivisa
restrained	kudziviswa
restraining	kudzivisa
restraint	kudzivisa
restrict	kurega
restricted	rakasununguka
restriction	kudziviswa
restrictive	kudzivirira
restroom	restroom
result	result
resultant	resultant
resume	dzokazve
resumption	resumption
resurrect	kumutsa
resurrection	kumuka
resuscitate	resuscitate
resuscitation	kudzorerazve
retail	retail
retailer	mutengesi
retain	retain
retainer	retainer
retaining	kuchengeta
retake	dzoka
retaliate	dzoserera
retaliation	kutsiva
retaliatory	kutsiva
retard	kurega
retardation	kukanganisa
retarded	rakarasika
retards	retards
retention	kuchengetedza
retentive	retentive
rethink	rethink
reticent	reticent
retina	retina
retinal	retinal
retire	retire
retired	retired
retirement	kurega basa
retiring	retiring
retold	dzokera
retort	dzokai
retrace	dzokera
retract	dzokai
retraction	ret retract
retractor	retarenda
retreat	dzoka
retrenchment	kuderedzwa
retrial	retrial
retribution	retribution
retrieval	kudzorera
retrieve	retrieve
retriever	retriever
retro	retro
retroactive	retroactive
retrograde	dzorerazve
retrospect	retrospect
retrospective	retrospective
retrospectively	retrospectively
return	dzoka
reunion	reunion
reunite	reunite
reunited	reunited
rev	rev
reveal	ratidza
revel	revel
revelation	Zvakazarurwa
revelations	Zvakazarurirwa
revels	mheremhere
revenge	kutsiva
revenue	mari
reverberation	reverberation
revere	kuremekedza
reverence	reverence
reverend	reverend
reverent	kuremekedza
reverie	reverie
reversal	kuchinja
reverse	reverse
reversion	reversion
revert	dzokera
reverting	kudzoka
review	kudzokorora
reviewer	muongorori
revise	dzokorora
revision	revision
revisit	revisit
revival	rumutsiriro
revive	rukazve
revocation	kuregererwa
revoke	dzosa
revolt	kumukira
revolting	revolting
revolution	revolution
revolutionary	revolutionary
revolutionize	revolutionize
revolve	revolve
revolver	revolver
revolving	revolving
revue	revue
revulsion	revulsion
revving	revving
reward	mubayiro
rewarding	mubayiro
rewind	rewind
rewire	rewire
rewrite	rewrite
rhapsody	rhapsody
rhetoric	rhetoric
rhetorical	rhetorical
rheumatism	rheumatism
rhinestone	rhinestone
rhino	rhino
rhinoceros	rhinoceros
rhubarb	rhubarb
rhyme	rhyme
rhyming	rhyming
rhythm	rhythm
rhythmic	rhythmic
rhythmical	rhythmical
rib	rib
ribbed	ribbed
ribbon	ribhoni
rice	rice
rich	mupfumi
riches	pfuma
richness	upfumi
rick	rick
rickety	rickety
rickshaw	rickshaw
ricochet	ricochet
rid	chibvisa
riddance	riddance
riddle	chirabwe
riddled	riddled
ride	kukwira
rider	mutasvi
ridge	ridge
ridicule	kuseka
ridiculed	kuseka
ridiculous	ridiculous
riding	riding
rife	rife
riff	riff
riffraff	riffraff
rifle	mfuti
rifleman	rifleman
rifles	pfuti
rift	rift
rig	rig
rigged	rigged
rigging	rigging
right	rudyi
righteous	vakarurama
righteousness	kururama
rightful	zvakakodzera
rightly	zvakarurama
righty	zvakarurama
rigid	zvakasimba
rigidity	kuoma
rigor	rigor
rigorous	zvakasimba
rim	rim
rind	rind
ring	ring
ringer	ringer
ringing	ringing
ringleader	ringleader
ringmaster	ringmaster
ringside	ringside
rink	rink
rinse	rinse
riot	riot
rioting	rioting
riotous	riotous
riots	mhirizhonga
rip	rip
riparian	riparian
ripe	ripe
ripen	ripen
ripening	ripening
ripper	ripper
ripple	ripple
rippling	rippling
rise	simuka
rising	kuwedzera
risk	ngozi
risky	ngozi
risotto	risotto
rite	rite
ritual	tsika
ritualistic	ritualistic
rival	rival
rivalry	rivalry
river	rwizi
riverbank	riverbank
riverbed	rwizi
riverboat	rwizi
rivet	rivet
riveted	riveted
riveting	riveting
roach	roach
road	mugwagwa
roadblock	roadblock
roadhouse	roadhouse
roadie	roadie
roadrage	NO TRANSLATION
roadrunner	roadrunner
roads	migwagwa
roadside	roadside
roadster	roadster
roadtrip	rwendo nenzira
roadway	roadway
roadworks	roadworks
roam	roam
roar	bopha
roaring	kuomba
roast	roast
roasted	yakagochwa
rob	rob
robber	mbavha
robbery	kupamba
robe	jasi
robin	robin
robot	robot
robotic	robotic
robotics	robotics
robust	rakasimba
roc	roc
rock	dombo
rocker	rocker
rocket	rocket
rocks	matombo
rod	tsvimbo
rodent	rodent
rodeo	rodeo
roe	roe
rogue	rogue
role	basa
roll	mupumburu
roller	roller
rollercoaster	munzeerere
rollers	rollers
rollicking	rollicking
rolling	rolling
roman	roman
romance	romance
romantic	romantic
romanticism	romanticism
romp	romp
roof	denga
rooftop	padenga
rook	rook
rookie	rookie
room	nzvimbo
roomful	roomful
roommate	muvakidzani
rooms	makamuri
roomy	roomy
roost	roost
rooster	jongwe
root	mudzi
root beer	mudzi waini
rooted	rooted
rope	tambo
ropes	tambo
rosary	rosary
rose	rose
rosemary	rosemary
rosette	rosette
roster	roster
rosy	rosy
rot	rot
rota	rota
rotary	rotary
rotate	rotate
rotation	kutenderera
rote	rote
rotor	rotor
rotten	yakaora
rotting	kuora
rotunda	rotunda
rouge	redge
rough	rough
roughly	roughly
roughneck	roughneck
roughness	roughness
roulette	roulette
round	kumativi ose
roundabout	roundabout
rounded	akapoteredza
roundup	roundup
rouse	simuka
rouser	rouser
rousing	kumutsa
rout	tsika
route	nzira
routine	tsika
rove	rove
rover	rover
roving	roving
row	mutsara
rowboat	rowboat
rowdy	rowdy
rowing	rowing
royal	royal
royalty	royalty
rub	rub
rubber	rubber
rubbers	rubbers
rubbing	rubbing
rubbish	rubbish
rubble	rubble
rubdown	rubdown
rubric	rubric
ruby	ruby
ruckus	ruckus
rudder	rudder
ruddy	ruddy
rude	rude
rudeness	rudeness
rudimentary	rudimentary
rudiments	rudiments
rue	rue
rueful	shingairira
ruff	ruff
ruffian	ruffian
ruffle	ruffle
rug	rug
rugby	rugby
rugged	rugged
ruin	kuparadzwa
ruination	kuparadza
ruined	zvakaparadzwa
ruinous	zvinoparadza
ruins	matongo
rule	mutongi
ruler	mutongi
ruling	kutonga
rum	rum
rumba	rumba
rumble	rumble
rummage	rummage
rumor	rumor
rumored	rumored
rump	rump
rumpus	rumpus
run	runha
runaround	runaround
runaway	tiza
rundown	rundown
runes	runes
rung	rung
runner	mumhanyi
running	kumhanya
running shoes	running shoes
runny	runny
runt	NO TRANSLATION
runway	runway
rupture	rupture
rural	kumaruwa
ruse	NO TRANSLATION
rush	rush
rushing	rushing
rust	rust
rusted	rusted
rustic	rustic
rustle	rustle
rustler	rustler
rusty	rusty
rut	rut
ruth	ruth
ruthless	utsinye
rye	rye rye
sabbatical	sabbatical
saber	NO TRANSLATION
sable	sable
sabotage	sabotage
saboteur	saboteur
sac	sac
sack	sack
sacrament	sakaramende
sacred	chitsvene
sacrifice	chibayiro
sacrifices	zvibayiro
sacrificial	zvibayiro
sacrilege	sacrilege
sacrilegious	kunyadzisa
sad	suwa
sadday	NO TRANSLATION
saddens	saddens
saddle	chigaro
sadist	sadist
sadistic	sadistic
sadly	kusuruvara
sadness	kusuruvara
safari	safari
safe	akachengeteka
safeguard	kuchengetedza
safekeeping	kuchengetedza
safety	kuchengeteka
saffron	safron
sag	sag
saga	saga
sage	sage
saggy	saggy
sail	ngarava
sailboat	chikepe
sailing	muchikepe
sailor	chikepe
saint	saint
sainted	sainted
saintly	saintly
sake	nekuda
salad	saladi
salamander	salamander
salami	salami
salary	muhoro
sale	kutengeswa
salesgirl	salesgirl
salesman	salesman
salient	salient
saline	saline
saliva	saliva
sally	sally
salmon	saumoni
salmonella	salmonella
salon	salon
saloon	saloon
salsa	salsa
salt	munyu
salted	salted
saltwater	saltwater
salty	salty
salutary	salutary
salutation	salutation
salute	salute
salvage	salvage
salvation	ruponeso
salve	salve
samba	samba
sameness	sameness
sample	samples
samurai	samurai
sanatorium	sanatorium
sanctification	kucheneswa
sanctified	mutsvene
sanctify	tsvenesa
sanctimonious	sanctimonious
sanction	chirevo
sanctioned	anogamuchirwa
sanctity	utsvene
sanctuary	nzvimbo tsvene
sanctum	sanctum
sand	jecha
sandal	sandal
sandbox	sandbox
sander	sander
sandman	sandman
sandpaper	sandpaper
sands	sanda
sandstorm	sandstorm
sandwich	sandwich
sandy	sandy
sane	sane
sanguine	sanguine
sanitarium	sanitarium
sanitary	utsanana
sanitation	utsanana
sanity	sanity
sans	NO TRANSLATION
santa	santa
sap	sap
sapiens	sapiens
sapphire	sifafiri
sappy	sappy
sarcasm	kunyomba
sarcastic	sarcastic
sarcoma	sarcoma
sarcophagus	sarcophagus
sardine	sardine
sardonic	sardonic
sarsaparilla	sarsaparilla
sash	sash
sashimi	sashimi
sassafras	sassafras
sassy	sassy
satanic	satani
satchel	satchel
sate	NO TRANSLATION
satellite	satellite
satin	satin
satire	satire
satirical	satirical
satisfaction	kugutsikana
satisfactorily	zvinogutsa
satisfactory	inogutsa
satisfied	kugutsikana
satisfy	kugutsa
satisfying	kugutsa
saturate	kuzadza
saturated	saturated
saturation	kuzadza
satyr	satyr
sauce	muto
saucepan	saucepan
saucer	saucer
saucy	saucy
sauerkraut	sauerkraut
sauna	sauna
sausage	sausage
savage	savage
savagery	savagery
savanna	savanna
savannah	savanna
savant	savant
save	save
saver	saver
saving	kuponesa
savings	kuchengetedza
savior	muponesi
savor	kunhuwirira
savory	savory
savvy	savvy
saw	akaona
sawdust	sawdust
sawmill	sawmill
sax	sax
saxophone	saxophone
say	taura
sayonara	NO TRANSLATION
scab	scab
scabbard	scabbard
scaffold	scaffold
scaffolding	scaffolding
scalding	scalding
scale	scale
scales	zviyero
scallop	scallop
scalp	scalp
scalpel	scalpel
scaly	scaly
scam	scam
scamp	scamp
scampi	scampi
scan	scan
scandal	kunyadzisa
scandalous	kunyadzisa
scanner	scanner
scanty	scanty
scape	scape
scapegoat	scapegoat
scar	chikafu
scarab	scarab
scarce	zvishoma
scarcely	hapana
scarcity	kushayikwa
scare	kutyisa
scarecrow	scarecrow
scared	vanotya
scares	dambudziko
scarf	chikafu
scarier	zvinotyisa
scariest	chinotyisa
scarlet	tsvuku
scary	chinotyisa
scat	scat
scatter	kuparadzira
scattered	vakaparadzirwa
scattering	kuparadzira
scavenger	scavenger
scenario	mamiriro ezvinhu
scene	chiitiko
scenery	chinzvimbo
scenic	chinoshamisa
scent	kunhuhwirira
scented	zvinonhuwira
scepter	tsvimbo
sceptical	kusava nechokwadi
scepticism	kunyunyuta
schadenfreude	schadenfreude
schedule	purogiramu
schematic	zvirongwa
scheme	chikwata
schilling	schilling
schism	schism
schizophrenia	schizophrenia
schizophrenic	schizophrenic
schlep	schlep
schmuck	NO TRANSLATION
schnapps	schnapps
schnitzel	schnitzel
scholar	nyanzvi
scholarly	nyanzvi
scholarship	scholarship
scholastic	scholastic
school	chikoro
schoolboy	mwana wechikoro
schoolgirl	chikoro chikoro
schoolhouse	chikoro chechikoro
schooling	chikoro
schoolmaster	mudzidzisi wechikoro
schoolteacher	NO TRANSLATION
schoolwork	chikoro chechikoro
schoolyard	chikoro chechikoro
schooner	schooner
sciatica	sciatica
science	sayenzi
scientific	sayenzi
scientist	musayendisiti
scifi	scifi
scintilla	NO TRANSLATION
scintillating	kupenya
scintillation	scintillation
scintillator	scintillator
scion	scion
scissors	chigero
scoff	kuseka
scold	fungidzira
scolding	kupopota
scone	kukanganisa
scoop	scoop
scoot	scoot
scooter	scooter
scope	zviyero
scorch	kutsva
scorching	kupisa
score	pota
scoreboard	scoreboard
scorer	scorer
scores	scores
scorn	kusekwa
scorned	kusekwa
scornful	kunyomba
scorpion	scorpion
scotch	scotch
scoundrel	scoundrel
scour	scour
scourge	denda
scout	scout
scowl	scowl
scrabble	zvigadzika
scram	scram
scramble	kuparadza
scrambled	rakaputika
scrambler	scrambler
scrambling	scrambling
scrap	zvimedu
scrapbook	scrapbook
scrape	scrape
scrapie	scrapie
scraping	kupera
scrappy	scrappy
scratch	scratch
scratchy	kupenya
scrawny	scrawny
scream	kuchema
screamer	kuchema
screaming	kudanidzira
screech	screech
screen	screen
screening	kuongorora
screenplay	screenplay
screenwriter	munyori wezvinyorwa
screw	screw
screwball	screwball
screwdriver	screwdriver
screwed	screwed
screwy	zvinopisa
screwyou	NO TRANSLATION
scribble	kunyora
scribe	munyori
scrimmage	scrimmage
scrip	script
script	script
scriptural	scriptural
scripture	Rugwaro
scroll	mupumburu
scrotum	scrotum
scrounge	scrounge
scrounger	scrounger
scrub	scrub
scruffy	scruffy
scrumptious	scrumptious
scrupulous	scrupulous
scrutinize	kuongorora
scrutiny	kuongorora
scuba	scuba
scuff	scuff
scuffle	scuffle
scullery	scullery
sculptor	muvezi
sculpture	zvakavezwa
sculptured	zvakavezwa
scum	scum
scumbag	scumbag
scurry	scurry
scurvy	scurvy
scuttle	scuttle
sea	gungwa
seaboard	seaboard
seafood	seafood
seagull	seagull
seal	chisimbiso
seals	zvisimbiso
seam	sevu
seaman	seaman
seamless	seamless
seamstress	seamstress
seaport	sefari
sear	tsvaga
search	tsvaga
searching	kutsvaga
searchlight	kutsvaga
seared	seared
seashore	gungwa
seasick	seasick
seaside	seaside
season	mwaka
seasonal	panguva
seasoned	yakarongeka
seasoning	seasoning
seat	chigaro
seatbelt	seatbelt
seating	kugara
seawater	mvura yegungwa
seaweed	marinewe
sec	sec
secession	secession
secluded	secluded
seclusion	seclusion
second	chepiri
second cousin	wechipiri cousin
secondary	secondary
secondhand	secondhand
secrecy	pakavanzika
secret	zvakavanzika
secretariat	secretariat
secretary	munyori
secrete	secrete
secretion	secretion
secretive	pakavanzika
secretly	pachivande
sect	chikamu
sectarian	sectarian
section	chikamu
sectional	chikamu
sector	sector
secular	zvenyika
secularism	secularism
secure	kuchengeteka
securities	securities
security	kuchengeteka
sedan	NO TRANSLATION
sedate	sedate
sedation	sedation
sedative	sedative
sedentary	sedentary
sedge	sedge
sediment	sediment
sedimentary	sedimentary
sedition	kupandukira
seduce	kunyengedza
seducer	munyengeri
seducing	kunyengera
seduction	kunyengera
seductive	kunyengera
see	ona
seed	mbeu
seedling	mbeu
seeds	Mbeu
seedy	seedy
seek	tsvaka
seeker	muchengeti
seem	inoratidzika
seemingly	inoratidzika
seer	muoni
seesaw	seesaw
seething	seething
segment	chikamu
segregate	segregate
segregated	akaparadzaniswa
segregation	kusarura
seismic	seismic
seize	kubata
seizure	seizure
seldom	kazhinji
select	sarudza
selection	kusarudzwa
selective	selective
selectman	selectman
selenium	selenium
self	kuzviita
selfharm	NO TRANSLATION
selfish	kuzvikudza
selfishness	udyire
selfless	kuzvikudza
selflove	NO TRANSLATION
selfworth	NO TRANSLATION
sell	kutengesa
seller	mutengesi
sellout	mutengesi
seltzer	seltzer
semantics	semantics
semaphore	semaphore
semblance	semblance
semen	semen
semester	semester
semi	semi
semiautomatic	NO TRANSLATION
semicolon	semicolon
seminal	seminal
seminar	seminari
seminary	seminari
semiotics	semiotics
senate	Senate
senator	Senator
send	tumira
sender	mutuma
senescence	senescence
senile	senile
senior	senior
seniority	seniority
senor	senor
senorita	senorita
sensation	kunzwa
sensational	kunzwa
sense	pfungwa
senseless	benzi
senses	pfungwa
sensibility	sensibility
sensible	sensible
sensibly	sensibly
sensitive	seneta
sensitivity	senitivity
sensor	sensor
sensory	sensory
sensual	nyama
sensuality	manzwiro
sensuous	sensuous
sentence	mutongo
sentencing	kutonga
sentient	kunzwa
sentiment	manzwiro
sentimental	sentimental
sentimentality	sentimentality
sentinel	sentinel
sentry	mutumwa
separable	kuparadzaniswa
separate	akaparadzaniswa
separately	zvakasiyana
separation	kuparadzana
separatist	separatist
sepia	sepia
sepsis	sepsis
sept	sev
septic	septic
septum	Septum
sequel	sequel
sequence	zvinoteverana
sequent	zvinoratidza
sequestered	sequestered
sequestration	sequestration
serenade	serenade
serendipity	serendipity
serene	serene
serenity	kunyarara
sergeant	sergeant
serial	serial
serialize	serialize
series	nhepfenyuro
serif	serif
serious	zvakanyanya
seriousness	kuora mwoyo
sermon	mharidzo
serpent	nyoka
serpentine	serpentine
serrated	serrated
serum	serum
servant	muranda
serve	kushumira
server	seva
service	basa
serviceable	kushanda
servile	servile
servitude	servitude
sesame	sesame
sess	NO TRANSLATION
session	chidzidzo
sessions	masangano
set	tarisa
setback	shingaira
sett	NO TRANSLATION
setter	setter
settle	kugadzirisa
settled	akagara
settlement	kugadzirisa
settler	settler
settlor	settled
setup	gadzirira
seven	nomwe
seventeen	gumi nenomwe
seventh	chenomwe
seventy	makumi manomwe
sever	sever
severable	severable
severally	severally
severance	severance
severe	zvakanyanya
severely	zvakanyanya
severity	kuoma
sew	sew
sewage	sewage
sewer	sewer
sewerage	sewerage
sewing	kusona
sex	zvepabonde
sexist	sexist
sexual	zvepabonde
sexuality	zvepabonde
sexy	sexy
shabby	shabby
shack	shack
shackle	shackle
shade	mumvuri
shades	shades
shading	shading
shadow	mumvuri
shadowy	shadowy
shady	shady
shaft	shaft
shag	shag
shaggy	shaggy
shake	shake
shakedown	shakedown
shaken	kuzununguswa
shaker	shaker
shaking	kuzununguka
shaky	shaky
shall	will
shallow	shallow
shallows	shallows
sham	sham
shaman	shaman
shambles	shambles
shame	kunyadziswa
shamed	shamed
shameful	zvinonyadzisa
shameless	shameless
shampoo	shampoo
shanghai	shanghai
shank	shank
shanty	shanty
shape	shape
shapely	shapely
shard	shard
share	share
shareholder	shareholder
sharing	kugovana
shark	shark
sharp	rakapinza
sharpen	sharpen
sharpened	rakarodzwa
sharpener	sharpener
sharpness	sharpness
sharpshooter	sharpshooter
shatter	shatter
shattered	shattered
shattering	kupwanya
shave	shave
shaver	shaver
shaving	kuveura
shawl	shawl
sheaf	saga
shear	shear
shears	shears
sheath	sheath
sheathing	sheathing
shed	shed
sheen	sheen
sheep	makwai
sheepdog	sheepdog
sheepish	sheepish
sheer	sheer
sheet	pepa
sheik	ishe
shelf	shelf
shell	shell
shellfish	shellfish
shelling	kukanda
shelter	pokugara
sheltered	akadzivirirwa
shelters	matumba
shelved	shelved
shepherd	mufudzi
sherbet	sherbet
sheriff	sheriff
sherry	sherry
shield	nhoo
shift	kuchinja
shifting	kuchinja
shifty	shifty
shilling	shilling
shimmer	shimmer
shimmering	shimmering
shimmy	shimmy
shin	shin
shindig	shindig
shine	shisa
shiner	shiner
shingle	shingle
shining	shining
shiny	shiny
ship	ngarava
shipment	shipment
shipping	kutumira
shipshape	shipshape
shipwreck	ngarava yaparara
shipyard	shipyard
shire	shire
shirt	shirt
shit	shit
shitday	NO TRANSLATION
shitfaced	shitfaced
shithead	shithead
shitless	shitless
shitload	shitload
shittest	NO TRANSLATION
shitty	shitty
shiver	shiver
shivering	kudengenyeka
shoals	shoals
shock	shock
shocked	shocked
shocker	shocker
shocking	shocking
shockingly	shockingly
shoddy	shoddy
shoe	shoe
shoelace	shoelace
shoemaker	shoemaker
shoes	shangu
shoeshine	shoeshine
shook	shook
shoot	kupfura
shooter	shooter
shooting	kupfura
shootout	kupfura
shop	shop
shopkeeper	shopkeeper
shoplifter	mushambadziri
shoplifting	kushambadzira
shopper	shopper
shopping	shopping
shore	shore
shoreline	shoreline
shorn	shorn
short	pfupi
short story	pfupi nhau
shortage	kuperewera
shortcake	shortcake
shortcoming	kukanganisa
shortcut	shortcut
shorten	shorten
shortening	kupfupisa
shorthand	shorthand
shortly	nguva pfupi
shortness	kupfupika
shorts	shorts
shortstop	shortstop
shortwave	shortwave
shot	kupfura
shotgun	pfuti
shoulder	fungidzira
shout	shout
shove	shove
shovel	foshoro
shoveling	shoveling
show	kuratidza
showbiz	showbiz
showboat	showboat
showcase	kuratidza
showdown	kuratidzwa
shower	washing
showgirl	showgirl
showing	kuratidza
showoff	Shamisira
showroom	showroom
showy	showy
shrapnel	shrapnel
shred	shred
shrew	shrew
shrewd	vakangwara
shriek	shriek
shrill	shrill
shrimp	shrimp
shrine	shrine
shrink	shrink
shrinking	kupera
shrivel	shrivel
shroud	shroud
shrub	shrub
shrubbery	shrubbery
shrug	shrug
shrunk	shrunk
shrunken	shrunken
shudder	shudder
shuddering	shuddering
shuffle	shuffle
shuffleboard	shuffleboard
shuffling	shuffling
shun	shun
shunned	shunned
shunt	shunt
shut	akavhara
shutdown	vhara
shuteye	NO TRANSLATION
shutit	NO TRANSLATION
shutter	shutter
shuttle	shuttle
shutup	NO TRANSLATION
shy	nyara
shyness	kunyara
shyster	shyster
sib	NO TRANSLATION
sibling	hama
sic	sic
sick	kurwara
sickbay	sickbay
sicken	sicken
sickening	sickening
sickle	jeko
sickly	kurwara
sickness	kurwara
side	kurutivi
sidearm	sidearm
sidebar	sidebar
sideboard	sideboard
sideburns	sideburns
sidecar	sidecar
sidekick	sidekick
sideline	sideline
sideshow	sideshow
sidestep	sidestep
sidewalk	sidewalk
sideways	sideways
sidewinder	sidewinder
siege	kukombwa
siesta	siesta
sieve	sieve
sift	tsvina
sifting	sifting
sigh	sigh
sight	kuona
sighting	kuona
sightseeing	kuonasee
sigma	sigma
sign	chiratidzo
signal	chiratidzo
signature	signature
significance	kukosha
significant	zvakakosha
signification	zvinoreva
signify	zvinoratidza
signpost	signpost
silence	silence
silencer	silencer
silent	silent
silently	akanyarara
silhouette	silhouette
silicon	silicon
silicone	silicone
silk	silika
silken	silken
silky	silky
sill	sill
silliness	silliness
silly	silly
silo	silo
silt	silt
silver	sirivha
silverware	silverware
silvery	silvery
similar	zvakafanana
similarity	kufanana
simile	NO TRANSLATION
simmer	simmer
simmering	simmering
simple	nyore
simples	NO TRANSLATION
simpleton	simples
simplicity	nyore
simplify	ita nyore
simplistic	simplistic
simply	zviri nyore
simulate	simulate
simulated	zvakaenzaniswa
simulating	simulating
simulation	simulation
simulator	simulator
simultaneous	panguva imwe chete
simultaneously	panguva imwe chete
sin	NO TRANSLATION
sincere	vakavimbika
sincerity	kutendeseka
sinful	chivi
sing	kuimba
singer	muimbi
singing	kuimba
single	single
singly	singly
singular	singular
singularity	singularity
singularly	singularly
sinister	mutadzi
sink	sink
sinker	sinker
sinking	kunyura
sinner	mutadzi
sinning	kutadza
sinus	sinus
sip	sip
siphon	siphon
sipping	sipping
sir	sir
sire	nhare
siren	siren
sirloin	sirloin
sissy	sissy
sister	hanzvadzi sikana
sisterhood	sisterhood
sit	gara
sitcom	sitcom
site	site
sith	sith
sitter	sitter
sitting	vagere
situate	situate
situated	iripo
situation	mamiriro ezvinhu
six	nhanhatu
sixpence	sixpence
sixteen	gumi nenhanhatu
sixth	chetanhatu
sixty	makumi matanhatu
sizable	sizable
size	ukuru
sizzle	sizzle
ska	NO TRANSLATION
skate	skate
skateboard	skateboard
skater	skater
skating	skating
skedaddle	skedaddle
skeet	skeet
skein	skein
skeletal	skeletal
skeleton	skeleton
skeptic	skeptic
skeptical	kusava nechokwadi
skepticism	kunyunyuta
sketch	mifananidzo
sketching	sketching
sketchy	sketchy
skewed	skewed
skewer	skewer
ski	ski
skid	skid
skier	skier
skiff	skiff
skiing	skiing
skijump	NO TRANSLATION
skill	unyanzvi
skilled	unyanzvi
skillet	skillet
skillful	unyanzvi
skim	skim
skimpy	skimpy
skin	ganda
skinny	skinny
skip	skip
skipper	skipper
skirmish	skirmish
skirt	skirt
skirting	skirting
skirts	skirts
skit	skit
skittish	skittish
skull	skull
skunk	skunk
sky	denga
skylight	skylight
skyline	skyline
skyscraper	skyscraper
slab	slab
slack	slack
slag	slag
slam	slam
slammer	slammer
slander	kuchera
slanderous	kuchera
slang	slang
slant	slant
slap	slap
slash	slash
slashes	slashes
slate	slate
slates	slates
slaughter	kuurawa
slaughterhouse	slaughterhouse
slaughtering	kuuraya
slave	muranda
slavery	varanda
slay	slay
slayer	muurayi
sleaze	sleaze
sleazy	sleazy
sled	NO TRANSLATION
sledding	sledding
sledge	sledge
sledgehammer	sledgehammer
sleek	sleek
sleep	kurara
sleeper	sleeper
sleeping	kurara
sleepless	hope
sleeplessness	kurara
sleepover	sleepover
sleepy	hopey
sleepyhead	sleepyhead
sleet	sleet
sleeve	sleeve
sleeveless	sleeveless
sleigh	sleigh
sleight	sleight
slender	slender
sleuth	sleuth
slice	slice
slick	slick
slicker	slicker
slide	slide
slider	slider
sliding	sliding
slight	zvishoma
slight anticipation	zvishoma kutarisira
slight disgust	zvishoma kuderedza
slight surprise	zvishoma zvinoshamisa
slight trust	little trust
slightly	zvishoma
slightly negative	zvishoma zvisina kunaka
slightly positive	zvishoma
slim	slim
slime	slide
slimy	slimy
sling	sling
slingshot	slingshot
slink	slink
slinky	slinky
slip	slip
slipper	slide
slippers	slippers
slippery	inotsvedza
slit	slit
sliver	sliver
slob	slob
slobber	slobber
slogan	slogan
sloop	sloop
slop	NO TRANSLATION
slope	slope
sloppy	simbe
slot	slot
sloth	sloth
slouch	slouch
slough	slough
slow	kunonoka
slowly	zvishoma nezvishoma
slowness	kunonoka
sludge	sludge
slug	slug
slugger	slugger
sluggish	simbe
sluice	sluice
slum	slum
slumber	kurara
slump	slump
slur	slur
slurp	slurp
slush	slush
slut	slut
slutty	slutty
sly	sly
smack	smack
small	zvishoma
smaller	zviduku
smallest	duku kuduku
smallpox	chibhokisi
smart	akachenjera
smartass	smartass
smarten	smarten
smarty	smarty
smash	smash
smashed	smashed
smattering	kupwanya
smear	smear
smell	kunhuwa
smelling	kunhuwa
smelly	smelly
smelt	smelt
smidgen	smidgen
smile	kuseka
smiled	smiled
smiles	inofadza
smiley	smiley
smiling	kunyemwerera
smirk	smirk
smite	smite
smith	smith
smithereens	smithereens
smitten	kurohwa
smock	smock
smog	smog
smoke	utsi
smoker	kusvuta
smokey	smokey
smoking	kusvuta
smoky	kusvuta
smoldering	smoldering
smooch	smooch
smooth	smooth
smoothie	smoothie
smoothly	zvakanaka
smoothness	kubwinya
smother	smother
smudge	smudge
smug	smug
smuggle	shanduka
smuggler	smuggler
smuggling	kuvhomha
smut	smut
snack	snack
snacks	inodya
snafu	snafu
snag	snag
snags	snags
snail	snail
snake	nyoka
snakes	nyoka
snakeskin	snakekin
snap	snap
snapper	snapper
snappy	snappy
snapshot	snapshot
snare	snare
snarl	shingaira
snarling	kushamwaridzana
snatch	tsora
snatcher	snatcher
snazzy	snazzy
sneak	sneak
sneaker	sneaker
sneakers	sneakers
sneaking	sneaking
sneaky	sneaky
sneer	sneer
sneeze	sneeze
sneezing	sneezing
snicker	snicker
snide	snide
sniff	sniff
snip	snip
snipe	snipe
sniper	sniper
snippet	snippet
snippy	snippy
snitch	snitch
snob	snob
snoop	snoop
snoopy	snoopy
snooty	snooty
snooze	snooze
snore	snore
snorkel	snorkel
snort	kunyorera
snot	snot
snotty	snotty
snout	snout
snow	chando
snowball	snowball
snowboard	snowboard
snowboarder	snowboarder
snowday	snowday
snowfall	snowfall
snowflake	chando chechando
snowing	snowing
snowmageddon	snowmageddon
snowman	snowman
snowplow	snowplow
snowstorm	chando chechando
snowy	snowy
snub	snub
snubbed	snubbed
snuff	snuff
snug	snug
snuggle	snuggle
snuggled	snuggled
snuggles	inogumburwa
snuggling	snuggling
soak	soak
soaked	zvakanyorova
soaking	kunyura
soangry	NO TRANSLATION
soannoyed	NO TRANSLATION
soap	sipo
soapbox	soapbox
soapy	soapy
soar	soar
soaring	kuwedzera
sob	NO TRANSLATION
sober	cherechedza
soblessed	NO TRANSLATION
sobriety	sobriety
soc	soc
soccer	bhora
sociable	kushamwaridzana
social	hukama
socialanxiety	NO TRANSLATION
socialism	socialism
socialist	socialist
socialite	socialite
socialize	kushamwaridzana
society	sangano
sociology	sociology
sociopath	sociopath
sock	sock
socket	soketi
sod	sod
soda	soda
soda/pop	soda / pop
sodding	sodding
sodium	sodium
sofa	sofa
soft	soft
softball	softball
soften	soften
softener	softener
softening	softening
softly	zvishoma
softness	softness
software	software
soggy	soggy
sohappy	sohappy
soil	ivhu
soiled	soiled
soiree	soiree
sojourn	mutorwa
solace	nyaradzo
solar	solar
solarium	solarium
solder	solder
soldering	soldering
soldier	musoja
sole	chete
solemn	zvinyorwa
solicit	kumbira
solicitation	kukumbira
solicitor	gweta
solid	rakasimba
solidarity	kubatana
solidification	solidification
solidified	solidified
solidify	kusimbisa
solidity	kusimba
solitaire	solitaire
solitary	woga
solitude	solitude
solo	solo
solubility	solubility
soluble	soluble
solucky	solucky
solution	solution
solve	kugadzirisa
solvency	solvency
solvent	solvent
somad	NO TRANSLATION
somatic	somatic
somber	somber
some anticipation	zvimwe kutarisira
some disgust	vamwe vanozvidza
some surprise	vamwe vakashamisika
some trust	vamwe kuvimba
somersault	somersault
somethingigetalot	NO TRANSLATION
somewhat negative	zvimwe zvakaipa
somewhat positive	zvimwe zvakanaka
somuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
son	mwanakomana
sonar	sonar
sonata	sonata
sonervous	NO TRANSLATION
song	rwiyo
songwriter	songwriter
sonic	sonic
sonice	NO TRANSLATION
sonnet	sonnet
sonorous	sonorous
soot	soot
soothe	cherechedza
soothing	kunonyorera
sophisticated	zvakaoma
sophistication	sophistication
sophomore	sophomore
sopissed	NO TRANSLATION
soppy	soppy
soprano	soprano
sorcerer	muroyi
sorcery	uroyi
sordid	sordid
sore	sore
soready	soready
sorely	zvakanyanya
soreness	soreness
sorghum	maruva
sorority	sorority
sorrow	kushungurudzika
sorrowful	shungu
sorry	ndine hurombo
sort	sarudza
sorter	NO TRANSLATION
sortie	NO TRANSLATION
sorting	kusarudza
sos	NO TRANSLATION
soscared	soscared
soscary	soscary
soslow	soslow
sostressed	NO TRANSLATION
sosweet	kutapirisa
sothankful	NO TRANSLATION
sou	NO TRANSLATION
soul	mweya
soulful	mweya
soulless	soulless
soulmate	soulmate
sound	inzwi
sounding	sounding
soundness	kuchena
soundproof	soundproof
soundtrack	soundtrack
soup	soup
sour	souris
source	tsime
sourpuss	sourpuss
south	chamhembe
southbound	southbound
southeast	southeast
southern	southern
southpaw	southpaw
southwest	kumaodzanyemba kumadokero
souvenir	souvenir
sovereign	mambo
sovereignty	uchangamire
soviet	soviet
sow	Dyara
soy	soy
soy sauce	soy sauce
soybean	soybean
spa	spa
space	nzvimbo
spacecraft	spacecraft
spaceman	spaceman
spaceship	spaceship
spacing	spacing
spacious	yakakura
spade	spade
spaghetti	spaghetti
spam	spam
spammers	spammers
span	NO TRANSLATION
spandex	spandex
spaniel	spaniel
spank	spank
spanking	spanking
spar	spar
spare	spare
spareribs	spareribs
sparingly	zvishoma
spark	spark
sparkle	sparkle
sparkling	sparkling
sparkly	sparkly
sparring	sparring
sparrow	shiri
sparse	zvishoma
spasm	spasm
spastic	spastic
spat	spat
spatial	spatial
spatter	spatter
spatula	spatula
spawn	spawn
spaz	spaz
speak	taura
speakeasy	speakeasy
speaker	mukurukuri
speakerphone	speakerphone
speaking	kutaura
spear	pfumo
spec	spec
special	special
specialist	nyanzvi
speciality	specialty
specialize	NO TRANSLATION
specially	kunyanya
specialty	specialty
specie	NO TRANSLATION
species	marudzi
specific	zvakananga
specification	tsanangudzo
specify	tsanangura
specimen	specimen
speck	speck
speckled	speckled
specs	specs
spectacle	chiitiko
spectacles	mitambo
spectacular	zvinoshamisa
spectator	mutaridzi
specter	specter
spectral	spectral
spectrometer	spectrometer
spectrophotometer	spectrophotometer
spectroscopy	spectroscopy
spectrum	spectrum
speculate	speculate
speculation	kufungidzira
speculative	kunyatsofungidzira
speculum	speculum
speech	kutaura
speechless	vasingatauri
speed	speed
speedboat	speedboat
speedily	nokukurumidza
speeding	speeding
speedometer	speedometer
speedway	speedway
speedy	speedy
spell	spell
spellbound	spellbound
spelling	spelling
spencer	spencer
spend	pedza
spender	spender
spending	kupedza
spent	akapedza
sperm	sperm
spew	spew
sphere	sphere
spherical	spherical
sphincter	sphincter
sphinx	sphinx
spic	spic
spice	spice
spicy	zvinonhuwira
spider	spider
spiders	spider
spiffy	spiffy
spigot	spigot
spike	spike
spiked	spiked
spiky	spiky
spill	spill
spillin	NO TRANSLATION
spin	spin
spinach	sipinashi
spinal	musipinha
spindle	spindle
spine	spine
spineless	spineless
spinner	spinner
spinning	kusvetuka
spinster	spinster
spiny	spiny
spiral	Kuvhiringidza
spire	spire
spirit	mweya
spirited	spirited
spirits	mweya
spiritual	mweya
spirituality	kunamata
spit	spit
spite	spite
spiteful	kupenga
spitfire	spitfire
spittoon	spittoon
splash	splash
splat	splat
splatter	splatter
spleen	spleen
splendid	splendid
splendor	kubwinya
splice	splice
spline	spline
splint	splint
splinter	splinter
split	split
splitting	kuparadzana
splurge	splurge
spoil	kupamba
spoiler	spoiler
spoiling	kuparadza
spoils	zvakapambwa
spoke	akataura
spoken	zvakataurwa
spokesman	mutauriri
spokesperson	mutauriri wacho
sponge	sponge
spongy	spongy
sponsor	rubatsiro
sponsorship	sponsorship
spontaneity	kuzvidzora
spontaneous	zvinokanganisa
spoof	spoof
spook	spook
spooky	spooky
spool	spool
spoon	spoon
spoonful	spoonful
sporadic	sporadic
spore	spore
sport	mutambo
sporting	mitambo
sports	mitambo
sports car	mitambo yemitambo
sportsman	sportsman
sportsmanship	sportsmanship
sportswriter	sportswriter
sporty	mitambo
spot	spot
spotless	haina tsvina
spotlight	spotlight
spotted	spotted
spotter	spotter
spotty	spotty
spousal	vakaroorana
spouse	waroorana
spout	spout
sprain	sprain
sprawl	sprawl
spray	spray
spread	kupararira
spreader	spreader
spree	spree
spring	spring
springtime	nguva yechando
sprinkle	sprinkle
sprinkler	sprinkler
sprinkling	kukwira
sprint	sprint
sprite	sprite
sprout	inomera
spruce	spruce
spud	spud
spunk	spunk
spunky	spunky
spur	spur
spurious	tsvina
spurred	yakasimuka
spurt	spurt
spy	spy
squabble	squabble
squad	squad
squadron	squadron
squall	squall
squamous	squamous
squander	squander
square	square
squash	squash
squat	squat
squatter	squatter
squaw	squaw
squawk	squawk
squeak	squeak
squeaky	squeaky
squeal	squeal
squealer	squealer
squeamish	squeamish
squeeze	squeeze
squeezing	kudzvinyirira
squelch	squelch
squid	squid
squint	squint
squire	squire
squirm	shingaira
squirrel	nguruve
squirt	squirt
squish	squish
squishy	squishy
stab	stab
stabbed	stabbed
stability	kugadzikana
stabilize	kugadzikana
stabilizer	stabilizer
stable	rakasimba
staccato	staccato
stack	stack
stadium	stadium
staff	vashandi
stag	stag
stage	danga
stagecoach	stagecoach
stagehand	stagehand
stagger	kudengenyeka
staggering	kudengenyeka
stagnant	rinopera
stagnation	kupera
staid	tsvina
stain	tsvina
stained	zvakasvibiswa
stainless	isina tsvina
stair	stair
staircase	staircase
stairs	stairs
stairway	stairway
stairwell	stairwell
stake	danda
stakeout	stakeout
stale	stale
stalemate	stalemate
stalk	stalk
stalker	stalker
stall	stall
stallion	stallion
stalls	stalls
stalwart	stalwart
stamina	stamina
stamp	stamp
stampede	kuputsika
stance	stance
stand	mira
standard	muyero
standardize	standardize
standardized	standardized
standby	mira ne
standing	amire
standoff	standoff
standpoint	maonero
standstill	simira
standup	simuka
stanza	stanza
staph	staph
staple	staple
stapler	stapler
star	nyeredzi
star fruit	nyeredzi michero
starboard	starboard
starch	starch
stardom	stardom
stardust	stardust
stare	tarisa
starfish	starfish
stargazing	stargazing
staring	kutarisa
stark	stark
starlet	starlet
starlight	starlight
starling	starling
starry	starry
stars	nyeredzi
starship	starship
start	kutanga
starter	kutanga
startle	kushamisa
startled	kushamisika
startling	kushamisa
starvation	nzara
starve	nzara
starved	nenzara
starving	nzara
stash	stash
stat	stat
state	state
stately	stately
statement	statement
stateroom	stateroom
stateside	stateside
statesman	mutongi wenyika
static	static
staticky	NO TRANSLATION
statics	statics
station	chiteshi
stationary	stationary
stationery	stationery
statistic	nhamba
statistical	nhamba
statistician	statistician
stator	stator
statuary	statuary
statue	chifananidzo
statuette	statuette
stature	stature
status	status
statute	statute
statutory	statutory
staunch	kutyisa
stave	stave
stay	kugara
stayaway	NO TRANSLATION
stayed	vakagara
stays	kugara
stead	panzvimbo
steadfast	steadfast
steady	zvakasimba
steak	steak
steakhouse	steakhouse
steal	kuba
stealing	kuba
stealth	kunyengera
stealthily	kunyengera
stealthy	chirema
steam	steam
steamboat	steamboat
steamer	steamer
steaming	kupisa
steamroller	steamroller
steamship	steamship
steamy	steamy
steel	simbi
steep	mhepo
steeple	yakadzika
steer	steer
steering	kutungamirira
stellar	stellar
stem	stem
stench	stench
stencil	stencil
stenographer	stenographer
step	danho
stepdaughter	stepdaughter
stepfather	baba vokurera
stepmother	amai vokurera
steppe	steppe
steps	nhanho
stepson	stepson
stereo	stereo
stereoscopic	stereoscopic
stereotype	zvinyorwa
stereotyped	zvakataurwa
sterile	asina kuchena
sterility	sterility
sterilize	sterilize
sterling	sterling
stern	stern
sternum	sternum
steroid	steroid
stethoscope	stethoscope
stew	stew
steward	mutariri
stewardess	mutariri
stewardship	utariri
stfu	stfu
stick	stick
sticker	sticker
sticking	sticking
stickler	stickler
stickup	stickup
sticky	sticky
stiff	akaoma
stiffen	stiffen
stiffness	kuoma
stifle	shingaira
stifled	stifled
stifling	kushungurudza
stigma	kunyadzisa
stile	NO TRANSLATION
stiletto	stiletto
stillbirth	stillbirth
stillborn	achiri kufa
stillness	kunyarara
stillwaiting	NO TRANSLATION
stilts	stilts
stimulant	stimulant
stimulate	kukurudzira
stimulating	kukurudzira
stimulation	kukurudzira
stimulus	kukurudzira
sting	sting
stinger	stinger
stinging	kushungurudza
stingy	stingy
stink	stink
stinker	stinker
stinking	kunhuwa
stinky	stinky
stint	stint
stipend	stipend
stipulate	taura
stipulation	chirevo
stir	pikisa
stirring	kuvhiringidza
stitch	stitch
stitching	stitching
stock	stock
stockade	stockade
stockbroker	stockbroker
stockholder	stockholder
stocking	stocking
stockings	mashizha
stockpile	stockpile
stockroom	stockroom
stocks	matokisi
stoic	stoic
stole	kuba
stolen	kuba
stomach	mudumbu
stomachache	marwadzo emudumbu
stomp	stomp
stomped	stomped
stone	dombo
stoned	matombo
stonewall	stonewall
stoneware	stoneware
stony	stony
stooge	stooge
stool	stool
stools	zvigaro
stoop	stoop
stoopid	stoopid
stop	mira
stopover	stopover
stoppage	stoppage
stopper	stopper
stopping	kumira
stopwatch	stopwatch
storage	kuchengetedza
store	store
storefront	storefront
storehouse	storehouse
storeroom	storeroom
storing	kuchengeta
storm	dutu
storming	storming
stormy	dutu
story	nhau
storybook	storybook
storyteller	munyori wenhau
storytelling	storytelling
stound	stound
stout	stout
stove	chitofu
stow	stow
stowaway	stowaway
straddle	straddle
straight	zvakarurama
straighten	ruramisa
straightforward	zvakananga
straightway	pakarepo
strain	dambudziko
strained	kushungurudzika
strait	kushungurudza
straitjacket	straitjacket
straits	matambudziko
strand	strand
stranded	rakanamatira
strange	anoshamisa
stranger	mutorwa
strangle	strangle
strangulation	strangulation
strap	strap
strapless	strapless
strapping	kusvetuka
strata	strata
strategic	strategic
strategist	strategist
strategy	sarudzo
stratification	stratification
stratosphere	stratosphere
stratum	stratum
stratus	stratus
straw	uswa
strawberry	strawberry
stray	kupera
streak	streak
streaked	streaked
stream	rukova
streamer	streamer
streaming	Streaming
streamline	kurondedzera
street	mumugwagwa
streetcar	motokari
streetlight	streetlight
strength	simba
strengthen	kusimbisa
strengthening	kusimbisa
strenuous	zvinotyisa
strep	strep
stress	kushungurudzika
stressed	akasimbisa
stresses	matambudziko
stressfree	NO TRANSLATION
stressful	kunetseka
stressin	NO TRANSLATION
stressing	kushungurudza
stressrelief	NO TRANSLATION
stretch	stretch
stretcher	stretcher
stricken	akarohwa
strict	zvakasimba
stride	chikwata
strife	kukakavara
strike	tsanga
strikeout	strikeout
striker	muchengeti
striking	kuuraya
strikingly	zvinoshamisa
string	string
strings	zvidzidzo
stringy	stringy
strip	mutsara
stripe	murape
striped	mitsetse
stripped	yakabviswa
stripper	stripper
striptease	striptease
strive	edza
strobe	strobe
stroke	stroke
stroll	stroll
stroller	stroller
strolling	strolling
strong	simba
stronghold	nhare
strongly	zvakasimba
structural	chimiro
structure	chimiro
strudel	strudel
struggle	kurwisana
strut	strut
stub	stub
stubbed	rakabatwa
stubble	mashanga
stubborn	akasindimara
stubbornness	kusindimara
stubby	stubby
stucco	stucco
stuck	rakanamatira
stuckup	NO TRANSLATION
stud	chidzidzo
studded	akadzidza
student	mudzidzi
studied	akadzidza
studio	studio
study	kudzidza
stuff	zvinhu
stuffed animal	mhuka yakakanyiwa
stuffing	stuffing
stuffy	stuffy
stumble	kugumburwa
stump	tumbo
stumped	stumped
stun	stun
stunned	stunned
stunner	stunner
stunning	stunning
stunt	stunt
stunted	stunted
stuntman	stuntman
stupefaction	kunyanya
stupefy	stupefy
stupendous	rakanaka
stupid	benzi
stupidity	upenzi
stupidpeople	NO TRANSLATION
stupidrain	NO TRANSLATION
stupor	stupor
sturdy	rakasimba
sturgeon	sturgeon
stutter	stutter
sty	sty
style	style
styling	styling
stylish	stylish
stylist	stylist
suave	suave
sub	ndima
subatomic	subatomic
subcommittee	subcommittee
subconscious	chigumbuso
subcutaneous	subcutaneous
subdivide	kugovera
subdivision	subdivision
subduction	subduction
subdue	kukunda
subdued	vakakundwa
subdural	subdural
subito	NO TRANSLATION
subject	nyaya
subjected	akaiswa pasi
subjection	kuzviisa pasi
subjective	subjective
subjugation	kuzviisa pasi
sublet	sublet
sublevel	shingaira
sublimation	sublimation
sublime	sublime
subliminal	subliminal
submarine	submarine
submerge	inyura
submerged	kuzununguka
submersible	submersible
submission	kuzviisa pasi
submissive	kuzviisa pasi
submit	submit
submitting	kuisa pasi
subordinate	subordinate
subordination	kugadziriswa
subplot	subplot
subpoena	subpoena
subscribe	Subscribe
subscriber	mubhalisi
subscription	subscription
subsequence	pashure
subsequent	zvakatevera
subsequently	pashure
subservient	subserven
subset	subset
subside	kunyorera
subsidence	subsidence
subsidiary	subsidiary
subsidize	kutsigira
subsidy	rubatsiro
subsist	subsist
subsistence	subsistence
subsoil	subsoil
subspace	subspace
substance	pfuma
substandard	zvisinganzwisisiki
substantial	substantial
substantially	zvikuru
substantiate	substantiate
substantive	chikamu
substation	chikamu
substitute	panzvimbo
substituted	akatsiviwa
substitution	kuchinja
substructure	kubata
subterranean	subterranean
subtext	subtext
subtitle	subtitle
subtle	kunyengera
subtlety	kunyengera
subtract	Bvisa
subtraction	kubvisa
subtype	subtype
suburb	suburb
suburban	mhirizhonga
suburbia	suburbia
suburbs	suburbs
subversion	kupesana
subversive	kupandukira
subvert	kushandura
subway	subway
succeed	kubudirira
succeeding	kubudirira
success	kubudirira
successful	kubudirira
succession	kutevera
successive	kutevedzana
successor	mutsigiri
succinct	succinct
succubus	succubus
succulent	zvinonwisa
succumb	succumb
suck	suck
sucker	sucker
sucking	kunwisa
suckling	anoyamwa
sucks	sucks
suction	kunwa
sudden	kamwe-kamwe
suddenly	pakarepo
suds	south
sue	sue
suede	suede
suffer	vanotambura
sufferer	murwere
suffering	kutambura
suffice	zvakakwana
sufficiency	kukwana
sufficient	zvakakwana
sufficiently	zvakakwana
suffix	chiremera
suffocate	kutsungirira
suffocating	kutsungirira
suffocation	kutsamwa
sugar	shuga
suggest	inoratidza
suggestion	mazano
suggestive	zvinokurudzira
suicidal	kuzviuraya
suicide	kuzviuraya
suicidebombing	NO TRANSLATION
suit	sutu
suitable	zvakakodzera
suitcase	sutukesi
suite	suite
suitor	suitor
sulfate	sulfate
sulfur	Sulfure
sulk	sulk
sullen	sullen
sully	sully
sulphur	Sulfure
sultan	sultan
sultry	sultry
sum	sum
summarily	kunyanya
summarize	muchidimbu
summary	muchidimbu
summation	summation
summer	zhizha
summerhouse	summerhouse
summertime	nguva yezhizha
summit	musangano
summon	danai
summons	akadana
sumo	sumo
sump	sump
sumptuous	sumptuous
sun	zuva
sunbeam	sunbeam
sunburn	kupisa kwezuva
sundae	sundae
sunday	Svondo
sundial	sundial
sundown	kuvira kwezuva
sundry	sundry
sunflower	sunflower
sunglass	slasslass
sunglasses	magirazi ezuva
sunk	sunk
sunken	sunken
sunless	sunless
sunlight	chiedza chezuva
sunny	sunny
sunrise	kubuda kwezuva
sunroof	sunfrey
sunscreen	sunscreen
sunset	sunset
sunshine	zuva
suntan	suntan
sunup	sunup
sup	sup
super	super
superannuation	superannuation
superb	zvakanakisisa
superficial	kunze kwepamusoro
superfluous	superfluous
superhero	superhero
superhuman	superhuman
superimposed	superimposed
superintendent	superintendent
superior	mukuru
superiority	ukuru
superlative	zvinoshamisa
superman	superman
supermarket	supermarketete
supermodel	supermodel
supernatant	supernatant
supernatural	supernatural
supernova	supernova
superposition	superposition
superpower	superpower
supersede	supersede
superstar	superstar
superstition	mashura
superstitious	mashura
superstore	superstore
supervise	inotarisira
supervision	kutarisa
supervisor	foromani
supper	chirayiro
suppertime	kudya kwemanheru
supplant	supplant
supple	supple
supplement	kuwedzera
supplemental	supplemental
supplementary	supplementary
supplication	kunyengetera
supplier	supplier
supplies	inopa
supply	supply
support	kutsigira
supported	yakatsigirwa
supporter	mutsigiri
supporters	vatsigiri
supporting	kutsigira
supportive	kutsigira
suppose	fungidzira
supposed	anofungidzirwa
supposing	achifunga
supposition	supposition
suppress	kudzivisa
suppression	kuderedza
supremacy	ukuru
supreme	supreme
supremely	zvakanyanya
surcharge	overload
sure	chokwadi
surety	surety
surf	surf
surface	pamusoro
surfboard	surfboard
surfer	surfer
surge	surge
surgeon	chiremba
surgery	kuvhiyiwa
surgical	chirurgic
surly	surly
surmise	surmise
surname	zita rake
surpassing	rinopfuura
surplus	zvakasara
surprise	kushamisika
surprised	kushamisika
surprises	zvishamiso
surprising	zvinoshamisa
surprisingly	zvinoshamisa
surreal	surreal
surrender	kuzvipira
surrendering	kuzvipira
surrogate	surrogate
surround	akapoteredza
surrounding	akapoteredza
surroundings	nzvimbo dzakapoteredza
surveillance	surveillance
survey	kuongorora
surveying	kuongorora
surveyor	muongorori
survival	kupona
survive	kupona
surviving	kupona
survivor	akapona
susceptibility	kukanganisa
susceptible	zvinogona kuitika
sushi	sushi
suspect	kunyunyuta
suspected	anonyoreswa
suspend	suspend
suspended	vakamira
suspenders	suspenders
suspense	kunyunyuta
suspension	kumira
suspicion	kunyunyuta
suspicions	kunyunyuta
suspicious	kunyunyuta
sustain	inotsigira
sustained	sustained
sustenance	zvokudya
suture	suture
suv	suv
sux	NO TRANSLATION
swab	swab
swag	swag
swagger	swagger
swallow	swallowed
swami	swami
swamp	swamp
swamped	swamped
swampy	swampy
swan	swan
swank	swank
swap	swap
swarm	shingaira
swarming	kuputika
swastika	swastika
swat	swat
sway	sway
swear	pika
swearing	kupika
sweat	sweat
sweater	sweat
sweating	sweating
sweatshirt	sweatshirt
sweatshop	sweatshop
sweaty	sweaty
sweep	sweep
sweeper	sweeper
sweeping	sweeping
sweet	inotapira
sweeten	sweeten
sweetened	inotapira
sweetener	sweetener
sweetest	sweetest
sweetheart	mudiwa
sweetie	sweetie
sweetness	kutapira
sweets	sweets
swell	kurira
swelling	kuzvimba
sweltering	sweltering
swerve	swerve
swift	anokurumidza
swiftly	swiftly
swig	swig
swill	swill
swim	kushambira
swimmer	kushambira
swimming	kushambira
swimsuit	swimsuit
swindle	shingaira
swindler	mupambi
swine	nguruve
swing	swing
swinger	swinger
swinging	swinging
swipe	shanduka
swirl	swirl
swish	swish
switch	switch
switchblade	switchblade
switchboard	switchboard
swivel	swivel
swollen	kuzvimba
swoon	swoon
swoop	swoop
sword	munondo
swordfish	swordfish
swordplay	swordplay
swordsman	swordsman
sycamore	sycamore
syllable	syllable
syllabus	syllabus
symbiotic	symbiotic
symbol	chiratidzo
symbolic	chifananidzi
symbolically	achifananidzira
symbolism	chiratidzo
symbolize	dzinofananidzira
symmetric	kuenzaniswa
symmetrical	symmetrical
symmetry	kuenzanisa
sympathetic	kunzwira tsitsi
sympathize	sympathize
sympathy	tsitsi
symphonic	symphonic
symphony	symphony
symposium	symposium
symptom	chiratidzo
symptomatic	zviratidzo
synagogue	sinagogi
synapse	synapse
synaptic	synaptic
sync	sync
synchronize	synchronize
synchronous	synchronous
syncope	syncope
syndicate	syndicate
syndrome	syndrome
synergistic	synergistic
synergy	synergy
synod	synod
synonym	synonym
synonymous	synonymous
synopsis	synopsis
synoptic	synoptic
syntax	syntax
synthesis	synthesis
synthesizer	synthesizer
synthetic	synthetic
syphilis	syphilis
syringe	sirindi
syrup	syrup
system	system
systematic	yakarongeka
systematically	zvakarongeka
t-shirt	t-shirt
tab	tab
tabasco	tabasco
tabby	tabby
tabernacle	tebhenekeri
table	tafura
tableau	NO TRANSLATION
tablecloth	patafura
tablespoon	mupuni
tablet	piritsi
tableware	tableware
tabloid	tabloid
taboo	taboo
tabular	tabular
tabulate	tabulate
tabulation	tabulation
tachometer	tachometer
tacit	tacit
tack	tack
tackle	tackle
tackled	tackled
tackling	kutarisana
tacky	tacky
taco	taco
tact	kungwarira
tactful	kungwarira
tactic	zano
tactical	tactical
tactics	maitiro
tactile	tactile
tad	NO TRANSLATION
tadpole	tadpole
taffeta	taffeta
taffy	taffy
tag	tag
tail	muswe
tailed	tailed
tailgate	tailgate
tailings	tailings
taillight	taillight
tailor	tailor
tailoring	kugadzirisa
tailpipe	taipipipe
taint	taint
take	tora
takeoff	bvisa
takeout	buritsa panze
takeover	tora chinzvimbo
taker	taker
talcum	talcum
tale	tale
talent	tarenda
talented	tarenda
talisman	talisman
talk	taura
talkative	kutaura
talker	talker
tall	kureba
tallies	tallies
tallow	tallow
tally	tally
talon	talon
talons	NO TRANSLATION
tambourine	ngoma
tame	NO TRANSLATION
tamer	tamer
taming	taming
tamper	tamper
tampon	tampon
tan	tani
tandem	tandem
tang	tang
tangent	tangent
tangerine	tangerine
tangible	zvinooneka
tangle	tangle
tangled	tangled
tango	tango
tank	tangi
tank top	tank top
tanker	tanker
tanned	tanned
tantalizing	kunakidza
tantamount	zvakadai
tantrum	kunetseka
taoism	taoism
tap	tapi
tape	tepi
tape measure	tepi chiyero
taper	taper
tapering	tapering
tapestry	tapestry
tapeworm	tapeworm
tapioca	tapioca
taps	matepi
tar	tar
tarantula	tarantula
tardiness	tardiness
tardy	tardy
target	chinangwa
targeted	chinangwa
targeting	tarisa
tariff	tariff
tarmac	tarmac
tarnish	zvinoparadza
tarot	tarot
tarp	NO TRANSLATION
tarry	tarry
tart	tart
tartan	tartan
tartar	tartar
task	basa
tassel	tassel
taste	tora
tasteful	inonaka
tasteless	tasteless
tasting	tasting
tasty	inonaka
tat	tat
tattler	tattler
tattletale	tattletale
tattoo	tattoo
taught	akadzidziswa
taunt	kuseka
taupe	taupe
taut	taut
tavern	tavern
tawdry	tawdry
tawny	tawny
tax	mutero
taxed	taxed
taxi	tekisi
taxicab	taxicab
taxonomy	taxonomy
taxpayer	mutero
tea	tea
teach	dzidzisa
teacher	mudzidzisi
teaching	kudzidzisa
teacup	teacup
teahouse	teahouse
teal	teal
team	team
teamjesus	NO TRANSLATION
teammate	teammate
teamwork	kushanda pamwe chete
teapot	teapot
tear	kuchema
tearful	kuchema
tearsofjoy	NO TRANSLATION
teary	teary
tease	tease
teaser	teaser
teasing	kuseka
teaspoon	teaspoon
teat	teat
teatime	teatime
tech	tech
technical	teknolojia
technicality	technicality
technician	technician
technique	maitiro
techno	techno
technological	teknolojia
technology	teknolojia
ted	ted
teddy bear	teddy bear
tedious	zvinotyisa
tedium	tedium
tee	tee
teeming	teeming
teen	mwana wechidiki
teenage	achiri kuyaruka
teenager	achiri kuyaruka
teens	vechidiki
teensy	teensy
teeny	teeny
teeth	meno
teething	teething
teflon	teflon
telegram	teregiramu
telegraph	telegraph
telekinesis	telekinesis
telemetry	telemetry
telepathic	telepathic
telepathy	telepathy
telephone	foni
telescope	telescope
telescopic	telescopic
telethon	telethon
teletype	teletype
televised	terevhizheni
television	terevhizheni
tell	taura
teller	teller
telling	kuudza
telltale	telltale
temp	temp
temper	kutsamwa
tempera	tempera
temperament	chimiro
temperamental	kunyarara
temperance	kuzvidzora
temperate	kudzikama
temperature	kutonhora
tempered	kutsamwa
tempest	dutu remhepo
template	template
temple	temberi
tempo	NO TRANSLATION
temporal	temporal
temporarily	kwechinguva
temporary	kwenguva duku
tempt	tempt
temptation	muedzo
tempting	tempting
temptress	temptress
ten	gumi
tenable	anogona
tenacious	kumirira
tenacity	kumirira
tenancy	imba
tenant	muvakidzani
tend	tendai
tendency	tsika
tender	tete
tenderfoot	tenderfoot
tenderness	unyoro
tending	tending
tendon	tendon
tenement	tenement
tenet	tenet
tenets	zvigaro
tenfold	tenfold
tennis	tennis
tenor	tenor
tense	nguva
tensile	tarisa
tension	kukakavara
tent	tende
tentacle	tende
tentative	tentative
tenth	chegumi
tenths	zvegumi
tenuous	tenuous
tenure	basa
tepee	tepee
tepid	tepid
tequila	tequila
teriyaki	teriyaki
term	term
terminal	terminal
terminate	bvisa
termination	kuguma
terminator	terminator
terminology	terminology
terminus	terminus
termite	termite
terms	mazwi
tern	tern
ternary	ternary
terrace	dzimba
terrain	nzvimbo
terrestrial	pasi
terrible	anotyisa
terribly	zvakanyanya
terrier	terrier
terrific	terrific
terrified	kutya
terrifies	terrifies
terrify	inotyisa
terrifying	inotyisa
territorial	territorial
territory	ndima
terror	kutya
terrorism	ugandanga
terrorist	magandanga
terrorists	magandanga
terrorize	kutyisa
terse	pasi
tertiary	tetiary
test	muedzo
testament	testament
testicle	testicle
testicular	testicular
testify	pupura
testimonial	uchapupu
testimony	uchapupu
testosterone	testosterone
testy	NO TRANSLATION
tetanus	tetanus
tether	tether
tethered	tethered
tetrahedral	tetrahedral
text	text
textbook	textbook
textile	textile
textural	textural
texture	kuumbwa
tgif	nkm
thank	thank
thankful	thankful
thankgod	thankgod
thanking	kuvonga
thankless	kwete
thanks	ndatenda
thanksalot	NO TRANSLATION
thanksgiving	thanksgiving
thankyougod	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoujesus	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoulord	NO TRANSLATION
thatch	thatch
thatmoment	NO TRANSLATION
thaumaturgy	thaumaturgy
thaw	thaw
theater	theater
theatrical	theatrical
theatrics	theatrics
thebest	zvakanakisa
theft	kuba
theism	theism
theistic	theistic
thelife	thelife
thelittlethings	NO TRANSLATION
theme	musoro
theocracy	theocracy
theocratic	zvematongerwo enyika
theologian	nyanzvi yezvechitendero
theological	dzidzo
theology	dzidzo yebhaibheri
theorem	theorem
theoretical	theoretical
theory	dzidziso
therapeutic	therapeutic
therapeutics	therapeutics
therapist	chiremba
therapy	therapy
thereabouts	thereabouts
thereof	iyo
therewith	nazvo
thermal	thermal
thermocouple	thermocouple
thermodynamics	thermodynamics
thermometer	thermometer
thermos	thermos
thermostat	thermostat
thesaurus	thesaurus
thesis	thesis
thick	thick
thicken	thicken
thickening	thickening
thicket	thicket
thickness	kuwanda
thief	mbavha
thigh	chidya
thimble	thimble
thin	thin
thing	chinhu
things	zvinhu
thingy	thingy
think	funga
thinker	thinker
thinking	kufunga
third	chetatu
thirds	thirds
thirst	nyota
thirsty	nyota
thirteen	gumi netatu
thirteenth	chegumi nenhatu
thirty	makumi matatu
thistle	nthira
thither	ikoko
thong	thong
thorn	mhinzwa
thorny	mhinzwa
thorough	zvakakwana
thoroughbred	thoroughbred
thoroughfare	thoroughfare
thought	kufunga
thoughtful	kufunga
thoughtfulness	kufunga
thoughtless	kufunga
thoughts	pfungwa
thousand	zviuru
thrash	thrash
thread	thread
threat	kutya
threaten	kutya
threatened	akatyisidzira
threatening	kutyisidzira
three	tatu
threefold	katatu
threesome	threesome
thresh	thresh
threshold	chikumbaridzo
thrice	katatu
thrift	thrift
thrifty	thrifty
thrill	kufara
thrilled	kufara
thriller	friller
thrilling	zvinonakidza
thrive	kubudirira
thriving	thriving
throat	phuro
throb	kuputika
throbbing	kupopota
throes	inopinza
throne	chigaro cheushe
throng	vanhu vazhinji
throttle	pfugama
throw	throw
throwback	throwback
thrower	caster
thrown	thrown
thrush	thrush
thrust	thrust
thruster	thruster
thud	thud
thug	thug
thumb	thumb
thumbprint	thumbprint
thump	thump
thumper	thumper
thumping	thumping
thunder	kutinhira
thunderbolt	kutinhira
thunderclap	thunder
thundering	kutinhira
thunderstorm	mabhanan'ana
thunderstruck	thunderstruck
thwart	kuvhiringidza
thx	thx
thyme	Thyme
thyroid	thyroid
tiara	tiara
tibia	tibia
tic	tic
tick	shingairira
ticked	ticked
ticker	ticker
ticket	tiketi
tickle	shanduka
tickled	kufungidzirwa
ticklish	shingaira
tidal	tidal
tidal wave	tidal wave
tidbit	tidbit
tide	tide
tidings	tidings
tidy	tidy
tie	tie
tier	tier
tiff	tiff
tiger	tiger
tighten	simbisa
tightness	tightness
tightrope	tightrope
tights	tights
tilde	tilde
tile	tile
tiling	tiling
till	NO TRANSLATION
tillage	tillage
tiller	tiller
tilt	tilt
tilting	kukanganisa
timber	matanda
timberland	timberland
timbre	timbre
time	nguva
timeless	nguva isina
timeliness	timeliness
timely	panguva yakakodzera
timeout	nguva yapera
timepiece	timepiece
timer	timer
times	nguva
timetable	nguva
timewasters	NO TRANSLATION
timid	timid
timidity	kunyara
timing	nguva
tin	NO TRANSLATION
tincture	tincture
tine	NO TRANSLATION
tinfoil	tinfoil
tinge	tinge
tingle	tingle
tingling	tingling
tinker	tinker
tinkering	tinkering
tinkle	NO TRANSLATION
tinkling	tinkling
tinnitus	tinnitus
tinsel	tinsel
tint	tint
tiny	zvishoma
tip	tip
tipper	tipper
tipster	tipster
tipsy	tipsy
tiptoe	tiptoe
tirade	tirade
tire	dhayi
tired	akaneta
tiredness	kuneta
tiredofit	NO TRANSLATION
tireless	asingatyi
tiresome	tiresome
tiring	kuneta
tissue	tissue
tistheseason	NO TRANSLATION
tit	tit
titan	titan
titanic	titanic
titanium	titanium
tithe	chegumi
title	musoro
titled	titled
titty	titty
titular	NO TRANSLATION
toad	toad
toast	toast
toaster	toaster
toasty	toasty
tobacco	fodya
toby	toby
tod	tod
today	nhasi
toddler	toddler
toe	toe
toenail	toenail
toffee	toffee
tofu	tofu
toga	NO TRANSLATION
together	pamwe chete
togetherness	kubatana
toil	kushanda zvakaoma
toilet	chimbudzi
toils	zvinetso
token	chiratidzo
tolerable	zvinoregererwa
tolerance	kushivirira
tolerant	kushivirira
tolerate	kutsungirira
toleration	kushivirira
toll	kurasikirwa
tomahawk	tomahawk
tomato	tomato
tomatoes	tomato
tomb	guva
tombstone	dombo
tomcat	tomcat
tome	kwandiri
tomorrow	mangwana
ton	NO TRANSLATION
tone	tone
toner	toner
tong	NO TRANSLATION
tongs	tongs
tongue	rurimi
tonic	tonic
tonnage	tonnage
tonsils	toni
toocold	NO TRANSLATION
tool	tool
toolbox	bhokisi rekushandisa
tooling	tooling
toomuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
toot	Toot
tooth	zino
toothache	dinoti
toothbrush	bhino mazino
toothed	toothed
toothless	toothless
toothpaste	mazino emasuo
toothpick	toothpick
toots	toots
top	kumusoro
topaz	topaz
topic	musoro
topical	mapikicha
topless	topless
topographic	topographic
topographical	topographical
topography	topography
topple	topple
topside	kumusoro
tor	tor
torch	torchi
torment	kutambudzika
tormented	kutambudzika
torn	rakabvaruka
tornado	tornado
torpedo	torpedo
torque	torque
torrent	torrent
torrid	torrid
torsion	torsion
torso	torso
tort	kukanganisa
tortious	zvinotambudza
tortoise	tortoise
tortuous	tortuous
torture	kutambudzwa
tortured	kutambudzwa
toss	toss
tot	NO TRANSLATION
total	chizere
totality	totality
totally	zvachose
tote	tote
totem	totem
touch	touch
touchdown	touchdown
touched	akagunzva
touching	touching
touchy	touchy
tough	rakaoma
toughen	toughen
toughness	kuoma
toupee	toupee
tour	rwendo
tourism	tourism
tourist	tourist
tourmaline	tourmaline
tournament	mutambo
tourniquet	tourniquet
tout	NO TRANSLATION
tow	tow
towel	towel
tower	tower
towering	towering
town	taundi
townhouse	townhouse
township	korokari
townspeople	townspeople
toxic	toxic
toxicity	toxicity
toxicology	toxicology
toxin	toxin
toy	chido
toymaker	toymaker
trace	tsvaga
traceable	traceable
tracer	tracer
traces	nzira
trachea	trachea
tracing	kutevera
track	track
tracker	tracker
tract	turakiti
tractable	inogadziriswa
traction	traction
tractor	terekta
trade	business
trademark	trademark
trader	mutengesi
tradesman	tradesman
trading	kutengesa
tradition	tsika
traditional	tsika
traffic	traffic
traffic light	traffic light
trafficking	kutengeserana
tragedies	njodzi
tragedy	dambudziko
tragic	dambudziko
trail	trail
trailer	trailer
train	kudzidzisa
train set	chitima chakaiswa
trained	akadzidziswa
trainee	mudzidzisi
trainer	mudzidzisi
training	kudzidziswa
trait	chiito
traitor	mutengesi
traitorous	mutengesi
trajectory	trajectory
tram	tram
tramp	tramp
trample	kutsika
trampoline	trampoline
tramway	tramway
trance	trance
tranquil	runyararo
tranquility	runyararo
tranquilizer	runyararo
transact	transact
transaction	transaction
transatlantic	transatlantic
transceiver	transceiver
transcend	transcend
transcendence	transcendence
transcendent	kupfuura
transcendental	transcendental
transcribe	transcribe
transcriber	transcriber
transcript	transcript
transcription	transcription
transfer	kutumira
transference	kuiswa
transferred	kuchinjwa
transfixed	transfixed
transform	shanduka
transformation	kuchinja
transformer	transformer
transfusion	kuwedzerwa
transgression	kudarika
transient	nguva
transistor	transistor
transit	transit
transition	kuchinja
transitional	shanduko
transitive	kuchinja
transitory	mutambo
translate	shandura
translation	shanduro
translator	mushanduri
translocation	translocation
translucent	translucent
transmission	kutumira
transmit	tumira
transmitter	transmitter
transmutation	transmutation
transom	transom
transparency	pachena
transparent	pachena
transplant	kuisa
transplantation	kupera
transponder	transponder
transport	kutakura
transportation	transport
transporter	transporter
transpose	transpose
transposition	transposition
transsexual	transsexual
transverse	transversal
transvestite	transvestite
trap	musungo
trapdoor	trapdoor
trapeze	trapeze
trapped	trapped
trapper	trapper
trapping	trapping
trappings	trappings
traps	misungo
trash	trash
trashy	trashy
trauma	dambudziko
traumatic	kunetsa
travail	NO TRANSLATION
travel	kufamba
traveler	mufambi
traveling	kufamba
traverse	traverse
travesty	travesty
trawl	trawl
trawler	trawler
tray	tray
treacherous	vanonyengera
treachery	kunyengera
tread	famba
treadmill	treadmill
treason	kupandukira
treasure	pfuma
treasured	akachengetwa
treasurer	mubati wehomwe
treasures	pfuma
treasury	pfuma
treat	kubata
treatable	inoporesa
treatise	kurapa
treatment	kurapwa
treaty	chibvumirano
treble	treble
tree	muti
trees	miti
trek	trek
trellis	trellis
tremble	dedera
trembling	kudedera
tremendous	zvikuru
tremendously	zvinoshamisa
tremor	tremble
trench	mugero
trend	mamiriro
trending	kuchinja
trendy	chimiro
trepidation	trepidation
trespass	kudarika
triad	triad
triage	triage
trial	muedzo
triangle	triangle
triangular	triangular
triangulate	triangulate
triathlon	triathlon
tribal	madzinza
tribe	rudzi
tribulation	kutambudzika
tribunal	tribunal
tribune	tribune
tributary	tributary
tribute	mutero
trick	kunyengera
trickery	kunyengera
trickle	kunyura
trickster	trickster
tricky	chinonyengera
tricycle	tricycle
trident	trident
trifle	trifle
trifling	trifling
trig	trig
trigger	trigger
trigonometry	trigonometry
trillion	trillion
trilogy	trilogy
trim	trim
trimester	trimester
trimmer	chengeta
trimming	trimming
trine	trine
trinity	utatu
trinket	trinket
trio	trio
trip	rwendo
tripartite	tripartite
tripe	tripe
triple	katatu
triplet	triplet
triplicate	triplicate
tripod	tripod
tripping	tripping
trite	trite
tritium	tritium
triumph	kukunda
triumphant	kukunda
trivia	trivia
trivial	zvishoma
troll	troll
trolley	trolley
trombone	trombone
troop	mauto
trooper	trooper
troops	mauto
trophy	kupamba
tropic	tropic
tropical	tropical
tropics	tropics
trot	trot
trouble	dambudziko
troubled	kunetseka
troublemaker	troublemaker
troubles	matambudziko
troublesome	zvinotambudza
trough	trough
troupe	boka
trousers	trousers
trout	trout
trowel	trowel
truce	truce
truck	ngoro
trucker	trucker
truckload	motokari
truculent	truculent
true	CHOKWADI
truelove	rudo rwechokwadi
truffle	truffle
truism	truism
trump	hwamanda
trumpet	hwamanda
trumpeter	kuridza hwamanda
truncate	truncate
truncated	truncated
trundle	trundle
trunk	trunk
truss	truss
trust	kuvimba
trustee	trustee
trusting	trusting
trustworthy	akavimbika
trusty	trusty
truth	chokwadi
truthful	chokwadi
truthfulness	chokwadi
try	edza
tryout	tryout
tryouts	tryouts
tsunami	tsunami
tub	tub
tuba	tuba
tubby	tubby
tube	tube
tuberculosis	tuberculosis
tubing	tubing
tubular	tubular
tubule	tubule
tuck	tuck
tucker	tucker
tuesday	Chipiri
tufted	tufted
tug	tug
tugboat	tugboat
tuition	dzidzo
tulip	tulip
tumble	tumble
tumbler	NO TRANSLATION
tumbleweed	tumbleweed
tummy	tummy
tumor	tumarara
tumour	tumarara
tumult	mhirizhonga
tumultuous	kuvhiringidzika
tun	NO TRANSLATION
tuna	tuna
tunable	tunable
tune	tune
tunic	taniki
tuning	tuning
tunnel	tunnel
turban	turban
turbidity	turbidity
turbine	turbine
turbo	turbo
turbulence	kushungurudzika
turbulent	zvinonetsa
turd	turd
turf	turf
turkey	Teki
turmeric	turmeric
turmoil	kukakavara
turn	turn
turnaround	tendeuka
turned	akadzoka
turning	kutendeuka
turnip	turnip
turnkey	turnkey
turnoff	NO TRANSLATION
turnout	buda
turnover	kudzokera
turnpike	turnpike
turntable	turntable
turpentine	turpentine
turquoise	turquoise
turret	turret
turtle	turtle
turtleneck	turtleneck
tussle	tussle
tutelage	tutelage
tutor	mudzidzisi
tutoring	tutoring
tutu	tutu
tux	tux
tuxedo	tuxedo
tv	tv
twain	two
twat	twat
twats	twats
tweak	tweak
tweed	tweed
tweet	tweet
tweezers	inononoka
twelfth	chegumi nembiri
twelve	gumi nembiri
twentieth	chemakumi maviri
twenty	makumi maviri
twerp	twerp
twig	twig
twilight	twilight
twill	twill
twin	twin
twine	twine
twinge	twinge
twinkle	twinkle
twins	mapatya
twirl	twirl
twist	twist
twisted	twisted
twister	twister
twit	twit
twitch	twitch
twitching	twitching
twitchy	twitchy
two	piri
two step	matanho maviri
twofaced	NO TRANSLATION
twofold	twofold
twosome	twosome
tycoon	tycoon
tyke	tyke
type	chimiro
typewriter	uchapora
typhoid	typhoid
typhoon	dutu
typical	chimiro
typically	kazhinji
typist	mutendi
typo	typo
typography	typography
tyrannical	tyrannical
tyranny	tyranny
tyrant	tyrant
tyre	dhayi
ubiquitous	ubiquitous
ubiquity	ubiquity
ugliness	ugliness
ugly	zvakaipa
uhoh	NO TRANSLATION
ukulele	ukulele
ulcer	ulcer
ulterior	ulterior
ultimate	pakupedzisira
ultimately	pakupedzisira
ultimatum	ultimatum
ultimo	NO TRANSLATION
ultrasound	ultrasound
ultraviolet	ultraviolet
umbilical	umbilical
umbra	umbra
umbrella	amburera
umpire	mutpire
umpteen	umpteen
unabashed	unabashed
unabated	unabated
unable	haikwanisi
unacceptable	hazvigamuchiri
unaccompanied	isina kufambidzana
unaccountable	unaccountable
unaccounted	unaccounted
unacknowledged	unacknowledged
unadulterated	kusasvibiswa
unaffected	hazvinei
unafraid	usatya
unaided	usina
unaltered	unaltered
unambiguous	unambiguous
unanimity	kubatana
unanimous	unanimous
unanimously	unanimously
unannounced	unannounced
unanswered	isina kupindurwa
unanticipated	kusatarisira
unappreciated	isinganzwisisiki
unapproved	unapproved
unarmed	vasina kusarudzwa
unassisted	unassisted
unassuming	kunyadzisa
unattached	unattached
unattainable	hazvigoneki
unattended	unattended
unattractive	kusateerera
unauthorized	asingabvumirwi
unavailable	hazviwaniki
unavoidable	zvisingadziviriki
unaware	asingazivi
unbalanced	unbalanced
unbearable	asingakanganwiki
unbeatable	unbeatable
unbeaten	unbeaten
unbecoming	kusateerera
unbelief	kusatenda
unbelievable	asingatendi
unbiased	unbiased
unborn	asina kuberekwa
unbound	unbound
unbounded	asina kukwana
unbreakable	kusakanganisika
unbridled	asina kukodzera
unbroken	unbroken
unbutton	unbutton
uncalled	isina kumira
uncanny	chimiro
uncaring	asingatarisiri
uncensured	NO TRANSLATION
uncertain	asina chokwadi
uncertainty	kusava nechokwadi
unchallenged	unchallenged
unchangeable	asingashanduki
unchanged	kushanduka
uncharted	uncharted
uncherished	NO TRANSLATION
uncivilized	unvilivilized
unclaimed	zvisina kudzivirirwa
uncle	babamunini
unclean	haana kuchena
unclear	zvakajeka
uncomfortable	kusanzwisisika
uncommon	kazhinji
uncommonly	kazhinji
uncomplicated	kusagadzikana
uncompromising	kusingapindirani
unconcerned	asina hanya
unconditional	kusagadziriswa
unconfirmed	isina kusimbiswa
unconnected	unconnected
unconscionable	zvisingazivikanwi
unconscious	kusaziva
unconsciousness	kusaziva
unconstitutional	kusagadzikana kwepamutemo
unconstrained	unconstrained
uncontested	kusagumburwa
uncontrollable	kusadzora
uncontrolled	kusazvidzora
unconventional	kusagadzikana
unconvinced	unconvinced
unconvincing	kusagumbusa
uncooked	uncooked
uncooperative	kusawirirana
uncorrelated	kusagadzikana
uncouth	uncouth
uncover	vhura
uncritical	uncritical
uncut	uncut
undead	undead
undecided	zvisina kufanira
undefeated	undefeated
undefined	zvisina kufanira
undeniable	asingatenderwi
underage	zvishoma
underbelly	underbelly
undercover	undercover
undercurrent	undercurrent
underdog	underdog
underestimate	kusaremekedza
undergo	undergo
undergraduate	undergraduate
underground	pasi pevhu
underhanded	underhanded
underlay	underlay
underlie	underlie
underline	kunyorera
underlying	pasi
undermine	kuderedza
undermined	kukanganiswa
underneath	pasi
underpaid	pasipaidhi
underpants	underpants
underprivileged	varombo
underrated	underrated
underscore	anotsanangura
undersea	undersea
undersecretary	undersecretary
undersized	undersized
understaffed	understaffed
understand	kunzwisisa
understandable	kunonzwisisika
understanding	kunzwisisa
understatement	pasi
understood	kunzwisisa
understudy	understudy
undertake	ita
undertaker	undertaker
undertaking	basa
undertow	ita
underwear	zvidzitiro
underwood	underwood
underworld	pasi
underwrite	underwrite
underwriter	underwriter
undeserved	zvisina kufanirwa
undesirable	asingadi
undesired	vasina kuda
undetectable	asingaoneki
undetected	zvisingabvumirwi
undetermined	kusagadziriswa
undeveloped	isina kusimbiswa
undignified	asingakanganisi
undirected	unodzidzisa
undisclosed	zvisina kufanirwa
undiscovered	undiscovered
undisputed	kusanzwisisika
undisturbed	asingagadzikani
undivided	zvakasiyana
undo	rongedza
undoing	kugadzirisa
undoubted	undoubted
undress	kunyaradza
undressed	asina kukanganiswa
undue	zvisina kukodzera
undying	undying
unearned	unarned
unearth	unarth
uneasiness	unasiness
uneasy	unasy
uneducated	asina kudzidza
unemployed	kushanda
unemployment	kusakwanisa basa
unencumbered	unencumbered
unending	unending
unequal	kusaenzana
unequalled	unqualed
unequivocal	unquivocal
unequivocally	zvisina kufanira
unethical	kusagadzikana
uneven	zvisina kukwana
uneventful	unventful
unexpected	unexpected
unexpectedly	zvisingatarisirwi
unexplainable	unxplainable
unexplained	unxplained
unexplored	unxplored
unfailing	kusingagumi
unfair	kusaruramisira
unfairness	kusaruramisira
unfaithful	vasina kutendeka
unfamiliar	asingazivi
unfavorable	zvisina kunaka
unfeeling	kusina tsitsi
unfettered	unfettered
unfinished	unfinished
unfit	zvisina kufanira
unflinching	unflinching
unfold	kubudiswa
unfollow	unfollow
unforeseen	zvisingafanoonekwi
unforgettable	isingakanganwiki
unforgivable	asingakanganwirwi
unforgiving	kusakanganwira
unfortunate	kusuruvara
unfortunately	nhamo
unfounded	isina chikonzero
unfreeze	unfreeze
unfriendly	kushamwaridzana
unfulfilled	kusina kuzadzika
unfurnished	unfurnished
unglued	unglued
ungodly	vasingadi Mwari
ungrateful	vasingatendi
unguarded	kusachengetedzwa
unhand	NO TRANSLATION
unhappiness	kusuwa
unhappy	kusuwa
unharmed	kusakanganiswa
unhealthy	unhealthy
unheard	unonzwa
unhelpful	unofpful
unhindered	kusakundikana
unholy	unholy
unhook	unhook
unicorn	unicorn
unidentified	unidentified
unification	kubatana
unified	kubatana
uniform	yunifomu
uniformed	junifomu
uniformity	kufanana
uniformly	zvakafanana
unimaginable	zvisingafungidziriki
unimpeachable	unimpeachable
unimpeached	unimpeached
unimportant	risingakoshi
unimpressed	unimpressed
unimproved	unimproved
uninfected	uninfected
uninformed	uninformed
uninhabited	asina vagari
uninitiated	uninitiated
uninspired	uninspired
unintelligible	kusanzwisisika
unintended	zvisingadiwi
unintentional	asingazviiti
unintentionally	asingazivi
uninterested	asina kufarira
uninteresting	unofadza
uninterrupted	kusinganzwisisiki
uninvited	asina kubvumidzwa
union	kubatana
unique	rakasiyana
unisex	unisex
unison	unity
unit	unit
unitary	unitary
unite	unite
united	united
unity	kubatana
universal	pasi rose
universality	universal
universe	zvose
university	yunivhesiti
unjust	kusaruramisira
unjustifiable	zvisina kukodzera
unjustified	zvisina kukodzera
unkind	unkind
unknowable	zvisingazivikanwi
unknown	hazvizivikanwe
unlawful	zvisiri pamutemo
unleash	unleash
unlicensed	unlicensed
unlike	zvakasiyana
unlikely	zvisingaiti
unlimited	unlimited
unlisted	unlisted
unload	ununura
unloaded	kununura
unlock	kuvhura
unlucky	unlucky
unmanageable	asingatarisirwi
unmanned	unmanned
unmarked	unmarked
unmarried	asina kuroorwa
unmask	unmask
unmatched	asingatauriki
unmistakable	unmistakable
unmitigated	unmitigated
unmoved	unmoved
unnamed	asina zita
unnatural	zvisizvo
unnecessary	zvisina kufanira
unneeded	unneeded
unnoticed	asingazivi
unnumbered	ununered
unobserved	unobserved
unobstructed	isina kukwana
unobtrusive	unobtrusive
unoccupied	kusagadzikana
unofficial	zvisina kufanira
unopened	unopened
unopposed	unopposed
unordered	unordered
unorganised	unorganized
unorganized	unorganized
unorthodox	unorthodox
unpack	unpack
unpaid	zvisina kubhadharwa
unparalleled	zvisina kufanana
unpleasant	zvisina kunaka
unpleasantness	unofadza
unplug	unplug
unplugged	unplugged
unpopular	asingafariri
unprecedented	zvisati zvaitika
unpredictable	hazvizivikanwi
unprepared	asina kugadzirira
unpretentious	kuzvidzora
unproductive	risingabereki
unprofessional	unprofessional
unprofitable	hazvibatsiri
unprotected	kusachengetedzwa
unproven	unproven
unprovoked	kusagadziriswa
unpublished	isina kunyorwa
unpunished	asina kurangwa
unqualified	isina kukodzera
unquestionable	kusanzwisisika
unquestionably	pasina mubvunzo
unquestioned	kusanzwisisika
unquote	unquote
unravel	unravel
unreachable	zvisingagoneki
unread	isina kuverengwa
unreal	risingabviri
unrealistic	hazvina musoro
unreasonable	hazvina musoro
unrecorded	hazvibvumirwi
unregistered	unregistered
unregulated	zvisina kutenderwa
unrelated	asingabatanidzi
unrelenting	asingagumi
unreliable	kusavimbika
unremarkable	unremarkable
unrepentant	asingapfidzi
unrequited	kusagutsikana
unresolved	isina kugadziriswa
unresponsive	kusateerera
unrest	mhirizhonga
unrestrained	kusazvidzora
unrestricted	kusadziviswa
unromantic	unromantic
unruly	asingateereri
unsafe	kusachengeteka
unsanitary	isina unhu
unsatisfactory	kusagutsikana
unsatisfied	asina kugutsikana
unsavory	chisina kunaka
unscathed	asina kusungwa
unscheduled	isina kukwana
unscientific	kwete nesayenzi
unscrew	unscrew
unscrupulous	asinganyengeri
unseat	unseat
unseen	zvisingaoneki
unselfish	kusina udyire
unsettled	kusagadzikana
unsightly	unsightly
unsolicited	asina kukumbira
unsolved	isina kuiswa
unsophisticated	zvisinganzwisisiki
unsound	zvisizvo
unspeakable	isina kuoneka
unspecified	zvisingazivikanwi
unspoken	unspoken
unstable	kusagadzikana
unsteady	isina kusimba
unstoppable	isingachinji
unsuccessful	haana kubudirira
unsuitable	zvisina kukodzera
unsung	unsung
unsupervised	isina kutaridzika
unsupported	isina kutsigirwa
unsure	asina chokwadi
unsurpassed	isina kukwana
unsuspecting	vasingatarisiri
unsustainable	zvisingagoneki
unsweetened	unsweetened
unsympathetic	unsympathetic
untamed	untamed
untenable	untenable
untested	untested
unthinkable	zvisingafungi
untidy	untidy
untie	kusunungura
untimely	zvisati zvamboitika
untitled	isina musoro
untold	untold
untouchable	untouchable
untouched	untouched
untoward	untoward
untraceable	zvisingareviki
untrained	untrained
untranslated	kusagadziriswa
untroubled	untroubled
untrue	zvisiri zvechokwadi
untrustworthy	asina kuvimbika
unturned	unturned
unused	kusashandiswa
unusual	zvisingawanzoitiki
unusually	zvisingaiti
unutterable	kusagadziriswa
unveil	unveil
unveiling	unveiling
unverified	isina chokwadi
unwanted	asingadiwi
unwarranted	zvisina kufanira
unwary	kusanzwisisa
unwashed	unwashed
unwavering	unwavering
unwed	asina kusununguka
unwelcome	asingagamuchiri
unwell	musanyarara
unwilling	asingadi
unwillingly	unwillingly
unwillingness	kusada
unwind	unwind
unwise	kusachenjera
unwitting	asingazivi
unwittingly	asingazivi
unworthy	zvisina kukodzera
unwrap	unwrap
unwritten	unwritten
unyielding	unyielding
unzip	unzip
upbeat	upbeat
upbringing	kurera
upcoming	rinouya
update	update
upgrade	upgrade
upheaval	upheaval
uphill	uphill
uphold	uphold
upholstery	upholstery
upkeep	upkeep
upland	upland
uplands	uplands
uplift	kukwidziridzwa
uplifting	kukurudzira
uplink	uplink
upload	upload
upper	kumusoro
uppercut	uppercut
uppity	uppity
upright	vakarurama
uprising	kumukira
uproar	uproar
upscale	upscale
upset	kutsamwa
upshot	upshot
upstairs	upstairs
upstanding	upstanding
upstart	upstart
uptight	wakasimudza
upward	kumusoro
upwards	upwards
uranium	uranium
urban	mutaundi
urchin	urchin
urge	kukurudzira
urgency	urgency
urgent	urgent
urinal	urinal
urinalysis	urinalysis
urinate	urinate
urination	urination
urine	urine
urn	urn
usable	inoshandiswa
usage	kushandiswa
use	shandisa
used	used
useful	inobatsira
usefully	zvinoshandiswa
usefulness	kubatsira
useless	hazvina maturo
user	user
usher	usher
usual	kazhinji
usurp	usurp
usurped	usurped
usury	usury
utensil	utensil
uterus	uterus
utilitarian	utilitarian
utility	utility
utilization	kushandiswa
utilize	shandisa
utmost	utmost
utopian	utopian
utter	taura
utterance	kutaura
utterly	zvachose
vacancy	chando
vacant	vacant
vacate	vacate
vacation	vacation
vaccination	vaccination
vaccine	vaccine
vacuolar	vacuolar
vacuole	vacuole
vacuous	vacuous
vacuum	vacuum
vagabond	vagabond
vagina	vagina
vaginal	vaginal
vagrancy	vagrancy
vagrant	vagrant
vague	zvakajeka
vagueness	zvisizvo
vainly	zvisina maturo
valance	valance
vale	vale
valedictorian	valedictorian
valentine	valentine
valet	valet
valiant	vashandi
valid	inoshanda
validate	kutsigira
validation	kuvimbiswa
validity	kuvimbika
valium	valium
valley	mupata
valor	NO TRANSLATION
valuable	anokosha
valuables	zvinhu zvinokosha
valuation	kukosha
value	kukosha
valve	valve
vamoose	NO TRANSLATION
vamp	vamp
vampire	vampire
van	NO TRANSLATION
vandal	vandal
vandalism	kuparadza
vane	vane
vanguard	vanguard
vanilla	vanilla
vanish	vanashika
vanished	rakaparara
vanishing	vanopera
vanity	hazvina maturo
vanquish	vanokunda
vanquished	vakundwa
vanquishing	vanquishing
vantage	vantage
vapor	vapor
vara	NO TRANSLATION
variable	variable
variance	kusiyana
variation	kusiyana
variations	kusiyana
varicella	varicella
varicose	varicose
varied	zvakasiyana
variegated	variegated
variety	variety
various	zvakasiyana-siyana
varmint	varmint
varnish	varnish
varsity	varsity
vary	inopesana
varying	zvakasiyana
vascular	vascular
vase	vase
vasectomy	vasectomy
vassal	vassal
vast	guru
vat	vat
vaudeville	vaudeville
vault	vault
vaulted	vaulted
vaulting	vaulting
veal	veal
vector	vector
veer	veer
vega	vega
vegan	vegan
vegetable	miti
vegetarian	vegetarian
vegetarianism	vegetarianism
vegetation	zvinomera
vegetative	vegetative
veggie	veggie
vehement	vehement
vehicle	motokari
veil	chifukidzo
veiled	rakavharwa
vein	vein
veined	veined
vellum	vellum
velocity	velocity
velour	velor
velvet	velvet
velvety	velvety
vena	vena
vendetta	vendetta
vending	vending
vendor	mutengesi
veneer	veneer
venerable	kunamata
veneration	kunamatwa
venereal	venereal
venetian	venetian
vengeance	kutsiva
vengeful	kutsiva
venison	venison
venom	uturu
venomous	dambudziko
venous	venous
vent	vent
ventilation	ventilation
ventilator	ventilator
venting	venting
ventricle	ventricle
ventricular	ventricular
ventriloquist	ventriloquist
venture	kushambadzira
venue	nzvimbo
veracity	veracity
veranda	veranda
verb	verb
verbal	verbal
verbatim	verbatim
verbiage	verbiage
verbose	verbose
verbosity	verbosity
verdant	verdant
verdict	mutongo
verge	verge
verification	kuongorora
verified	akafanirwa
verify	chengetedza
verily	verily
veritable	veritable
vermin	vermin
vermouth	vermouth
vernacular	vernacular
vernal	vernal
veronica	veronica
versatile	zvakasiyana-siyana
versatility	versatility
verse	ndima
version	version
versus	versus
vert	vert
vertebra	vertebra
vertebral	vertebral
vertex	vertex
vertical	vertical
vertically	vertically
vertigo	vertigo
verve	verve
very negative	yakaipa kwazvo
very positive	rakanaka chaizvo
veryangry	NO TRANSLATION
vesicle	vesicle
vesicular	vesicular
vessel	mudziyo
vest	vest
vested	vested
vestibule	vestibule
vestige	vestige
vet	vet
veteran	veteran
veterinarian	chiremba wemhuka
veterinary	chiremba chezvipfuwo
veto	veto
vexed	kunetseka
viability	hupenyu
viable	inokwanisa
viaduct	viaduct
vial	vial
vibe	vibe
vibes	vibes
vibrant	chinoshamisa
vibrate	kudonha
vibration	vibration
vibrator	vibrator
vibratory	kudedera
vicar	vicar
vicarious	vicarious
vice	vice
viceroy	viceroy
vicinity	pedyo
vicious	vane utsinye
victim	chiremera
victimized	vanotambudzwa
victor	victor
victoria	victoria
victorious	kukunda
victory	kukunda
video	vhidhiyo
video game	vhidhiyo mutambo
videotape	videotape
vie	NO TRANSLATION
view	kuona
viewer	muoni
viewing	kuona
viewpoint	maonero
vigil	vigil
vigilance	vakangwarira
vigilant	vakangwarira
vigilante	vigilante
vignette	vignette
vigor	simba
vigorous	simba
viking	viking
vile	chakaipa
villa	villa
village	musha
villager	mudzidzi
villain	villain
villainous	inopisa
vinaigrette	vinaigrette
vindicate	vindicate
vindicated	vindicated
vindication	kutsigira
vindictive	vindictive
vine	muzambiringa
vinegar	vhiniga
vineyard	munda wemizambiringa
vintage	vintage
vinyl	vinyl
viola	viola
violate	kuputsa
violation	kuputsa
violence	chisimba
violent	chisimba
violently	zvine utsinye
violet	violet
violin	violin
violinist	violinist
viper	viper
viral	viral
virgin	mhandara
virginal	virginal
virginity	umhandara
virility	virility
virology	virology
virtual	virtual
virtually	zvese
virtue	kunaka
virtuoso	virtuoso
virtuous	kunaka
virulence	hukama
virus	utachiona
visa	visa
visage	NO TRANSLATION
viscosity	viscosity
viscous	viscous
vise	NO TRANSLATION
visibility	kuonekwa
visible	zvinooneka
visibly	zvinooneka
vision	chiratidzo
visionary	visionary
visit	shanyira
visitation	kushanyira
visiting	kushanyira
visitor	mushanyi
visor	vhurori
vista	vista
visual	kuonekwa
visualize	fungidzira
vital	inokosha
vitality	simba
vitals	vitals
vitamin	vitamini
vitreous	vitreous
viva	viva
vivacious	zvinotyisa
vivid	zvakajeka
vixen	vixen
vocabulary	shoko
vocal	inzwi
vocalist	munyori
vocation	basa
vodka	vodka
vogue	vogue
voice	inzwi
voiceless	voiceless
voicemail	voicemail
void	pasina
volatile	zvinokanganisa
volatility	kukanganisa
volcanic	volcanic
volcano	volcano
volition	kuda
volley	volley
volleyball	volleyball
voltage	voltage
voltmeter	voltmeter
volume	volume
volumes	volumes
voluminous	voluminous
voluntarily	nokuzvidira
voluntary	kuzvipira
volunteer	kuzvipira
volunteering	kuzvipira
volunteers	vanozvipira
voluptuous	voluptuous
vomit	vomera
vomiting	kurutsa
voodoo	voodoo
voracious	voracious
vortex	vortex
vote	vhoti
voter	muvhoti
voting	kuvhota
votive	votive
vouch	vouch
voucher	voucher
vow	mhiko
vowel	vowel
voyage	rwendo
voyager	voyager
voyeur	voyeur
vulgar	nyota
vulgarity	kuora
vulnerability	ngozi
vulnerable	kunetsa
vulture	vulture
wacko	wacko
wacky	wacky
wad	wad
waddle	waddle
wade	wade
wafer	wafer
waffle	Waffle
wag	wag
wage	mubayiro
wager	wager
wages	mubairo
wagon	wagon
wail	chemai
waist	chiuno
waistcoat	waistcoat
waistline	Waistline
wait	wait
waiter	muteveri
waiting	kumirira
waitinggame	NO TRANSLATION
waitress	waitress
waive	waive
waiver	waiver
wake	muka
walk	walk
walker	walker
walking	kufamba
walkout	walkout
wall	rusvingo
wallaby	wallaby
wallet	wallet
wallflower	wallflower
wallop	wallop
wallow	wallow
wallpaper	wallpaper
walnut	walnut
walrus	walrus
waltz	waltz
wan	NO TRANSLATION
wand	wand
wander	famba
wanderer	murambi
wandering	kudzingirira
wane	wane
waning	waning
wanker	wanker
wannabe	wannabe
wannasleep	NO TRANSLATION
want	want
wanting	achida
wanton	wanton
war	war
warbler	warbler
warcrimes	NO TRANSLATION
ward	ward
warden	warden
wardrobe	wardrobe
ware	Ware
warehouse	warehouse
warfare	warfare
warhead	warhead
warlike	warlike
warlock	warlock
warlord	warlord
warm	kudziya
warming	kudziya
warms	warms
warmth	warmth
warn	inyevera
warned	akanyeverwa
warning	chenyevero
warp	warp
warpath	warpath
warped	warped
warrant	chibvumirano
warranted	yakabvumirwa
warrants	mabvumirano
warranty	warranty
warren	warren
warrior	warrior
warship	chikepe
wart	wart
wartime	nguva yehondo
wary	cherechedza
wash	wash
washed	washed
washer	washer
washing	washing
washout	washout
washroom	washroom
wasp	Wasp
waste	dongo
wastebasket	tsvina
wasted	rakaparadzwa
wasteful	kuparadza
wasteland	wasteland
wasting	kuparara
watch	tarisa
watchdog	watchdog
watcher	watcher
watchful	wakarinda
watchman	NO TRANSLATION
watchout	chenjerera
watchtower	watchtower
water	mvura
water polo	water polo
waterbed	waterbed
watercourse	watercourse
watered	watered
waterfall	waterfall
waterfront	waterfront
watering can	kunwisa kunogona
watermelon	watermelon
waterproof	mvura isina mvura
waterworks	mvura yakadzika
watery	watery
wave	wave
wavelength	wavelength
waver	waving
wavering	wavering
waves	waves
wavy	wavy
wax	Wax
waxed	waxed
waxy	waxy
way	nzira
ways	nzira
wayward	nzira yakatsauka
weak	kushaya simba
weaken	kuderedza
weakened	kuora mwoyo
weakling	kushaya simba
weakly	vasina simba
weakness	kushaya simba
wealth	pfuma
wealthy	mupfumi
weapon	weapon
weaponry	zvombo
wear	kupfeka
wearer	wearing
wearily	weely
weariness	kuneta
wearing	wearing
weary	vaneta
weasel	weasel
weather	weather
weathered	weathered
weatherman	weatherman
weatherproof	weatherproof
weave	weave
web	webhu
website	website
wed	wed
wedded	wedded
wedding	muchato
wedge	wedge
wedlock	wedlock
wee	wee
weed	weed
weeding	Weeding
weeds	masora
weedy	weedy
weeeee	NO TRANSLATION
week	vhiki
weekday	vhiki yezuva
weekend	vhiki
weekly	vhiki nevhiki
weenie	weenie
weep	chemai
weeping	kuchema
weeping willow	kuchema willow
weepy	weepy
weigh	kuyera
weighing	weighing
weight	kurema
weightless	zvisingakoshi
weightloss	NO TRANSLATION
weights	weights
weighty	kurema
weir	weir
weird	weird
weirdness	weirdness
weirdo	weirdo
welcome	Mauya
welcomed	akagamuchirwa
welcoming	kugamuchira
weld	weld
welder	welder
welding	kutengesa
welfare	zvakanaka
wellhead	wellhead
wellness	Wellness
welsh	welsh
welt	NO TRANSLATION
wen	NO TRANSLATION
wench	wench
werewolf	kuputa
west	madokero
westbound	westbound
western	kumadokero
wet	yakanyorova
wetback	wetback
whack	whack
whale	whale
whaling	whaling
wham	wham
whammy	whammy
wharf	wharf
whatdoido	NO TRANSLATION
whatif	whatif
whatmakesmesmile	NO TRANSLATION
whatnot	whatnot
whatsoever	chero
whatsthepoint	NO TRANSLATION
wheat	gorosi
wheel	gumbo
wheel barrow	NO TRANSLATION
wheelbarrow	bhiribarrow
wheelchair	wheelchair
wheels	wheels
wheeze	wheeze
whelp	whelp
whereabouts	kune kupi
wherefore	saka
wherewith	iyo
wherewithal	wherewithal
whet	whet
whiff	shamhu
whilst	whir
whim	whim
whimper	whimper
whimsical	whimsical
whimsy	whimsy
whine	whine
whiny	whiny
whip	whip
whiplash	whiplash
whipped	kurohwa
whirl	whirl
whirlpool	whirlpool
whirlwind	chimupupuri
whisk	whisk
whisker	whisker
whiskers	whiskers
whiskey	whiskey
whisky	whiskey
whisper	kunyunyuta
whispered	vakagunun'una
whistle	kuridza muridzo
whit	whit
white	chena
whitefish	whitefish
whiteness	whiteness
whitewash	whitewash
whitish	whitish
whittle	whittle
whiz	whiz
whole	zvose
wholesale	wholesale
wholesome	zvakanaka
wholly	zvachose
whoo	whoo
whoop	whoop
whopper	whopper
whopping	whopping
whore	hufeve
whorehouse	whorehouse
wick	wick
wicked	vakaipa
wickedness	uipi
wicker	wicker
wicket	wicket
wide	yakafara
widely	akawandisa
widen	kuwedzera
widespread	akapararira
widow	chirikadzi
widowed	chirikadzi
widower	mubadzi
width	kureba
wield	wield
wiener	wiener
wienie	NO TRANSLATION
wife	mudzimai
wig	wig
wiggle	wiggle
wight	wight
wiki	wiki
wild	wild
wildcat	wildcat
wildebeest	wildebeest
wilderness	murenje
wildfire	moto wemoto
wildlife	wildlife
will	kuda
willful	kuda
willies	willies
willing	vanoda
willingly	nokuzvidira
willingness	kuda
willow	willow
willpower	kuda
wilt	wilt
wilted	wilted
wily	wily
wimp	wimp
wimpy	wimpy
win	win
wince	wince
winch	winch
wind	mhepo
windbag	windbag
windfall	windfall
winding	winding
windmill	windmill
window	window
windowsill	NO TRANSLATION
windpipe	windpipe
windshield	windshield
windy	windy
wine	waini
wine cooler	wine cooler
wing	wing
winged	winged
winger	winger
wingman	wingman
wink	wink
winner	winner
winning	winning
winnings	winnings
wino	NO TRANSLATION
winter	winter
winterbreak	NO TRANSLATION
wintertime	wintertime
wintery	wintery
wintry	wintry
wipe	pukuta
wiper	wiper
wire	wire
wired	wired
wireless	wireless
wiretap	wiretap
wiring	wiring
wis	wis
wisdom	uchenjeri
wise	akachenjera
wish	chido
wishbone	wishbone
wishful	vanoda
wishing	vanoda
wishmeluck	wishmeluck
wisp	wisp
wistful	wistful
wit	wit
witch	muroyi
witchcraft	uroyi
withal	hongu
withdraw	kurega
withdrawal	withdrawal
withdrawals	kurega
withdrawn	withdrawn
wither	wither
withered	yakasvava
withering	withering
withhold	nothold
withholding	kurega
withstand	mira
witless	ufeve
witness	pupura
wits	wits
witty	witty
wiz	wiz
wizard	wizard
wobble	dumburuka
wobbly	kubwinya
woe	nhamo
woeful	nhamo
woefully	nhamo
wok	wok
wokemeup	NO TRANSLATION
wolf	wolf
wolverine	wolverine
woman	mukadzi
womanhood	womanhood
womanizer	womanizer
womanly	mukadzikadzi
womb	chibereko
wonder	chishamiso
wonderful	anoshamisa
wonderfully	zvinoshamisa
wonderment	wonderment
wondrous	anoshamisa
wont	NO TRANSLATION
woo	woo
wood	huni
woodcut	woodcut
wooden	matanda
woodland	matanda
woodlands	matanda
woodpecker	mupanduki
woods	matanda
woodshed	matanda
woodsman	woodsman
woodwork	matanda
woody	woody
woof	chifukidzo
woohoo	woohoo
wooing	wooing
wool	mvere
woolen	woolen
woolly	woolly
woot	woot
woozy	woozy
wop	wop
word	shoko
wording	mashoko
words	mashoko
wordy	wordy
work	work
workaholic	workaholic
workbook	bookbook
worker	mushandi
working	kushanda
workings	kushanda
workload	basa rokutakura
workman	mushandi
workmanship	basa
workout	ita kuti zviite
workplace	kubasa
works	mabasa
workshop	workshop
workup	workup
world	nyika
worldly	nyika
worldwide	pasi rose
worm	worm
wormhole	wormhole
wormwood	gavakava
worn	zvakasakara
worried	kunetseka
worries	kunetseka
worry	kunetseka
worrying	kunetseka
worse	zvakaipa
worsening	kuwedzera
worship	kunamata
worshipful	kunamata
worstfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
worth	zvakakodzera
worthless	zvisina maturo
worthwhile	zvakakodzera
worthy	akakodzera
wot	wot
would	kudai
wound	ronda
wounded	akakuvara
wounding	kukuvadza
wounds	maronda
wracking	wracking
wrangler	wrangler
wrangling	wrangling
wrap	wrap
wrapper	wrapper
wrapping	wrapping
wrath	hasha
wrathful	hasha
wreak	wreak
wreath	wreath
wreck	wreck
wreckage	wreckage
wrecked	wrecked
wrecker	wrecker
wrench	wrench
wrenching	kushungurudza
wrest	wrest
wrestle	wrestle
wrestler	wrestler
wrestling	kurwisana
wretch	wretch
wretched	nhamo
wriggle	wriggle
wright	wright
wring	wring
wringer	wringer
wrinkle	wrinkle
wrinkled	wrinkled
wrist	wrist
wristband	wristband
wristwatch	wristwatch
writ	akanyora
write	nyora
writer	munyori
writing	kunyora
written	yakanyorwa
wrong	zvakaipa
wrongdoing	zvakaipa
wrongful	zvakaipa
wrongly	zvisina kururama
wrought	zvakaitwa
wry	wry
xanax	xanax
xenophobia	xenophobia
xerox	xerox
xmas	xmas
xoxo	xoxo
yaaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaay	NO TRANSLATION
yacht	yacht
yachting	yachting
yahoo	yahoo
yak	yak
yam	yam
yank	yank
yap	NO TRANSLATION
yard	yard
yarn	yarn
yaw	yaw
yawn	yawn
yawning	yawning
yay	yay
yayy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyyy	NO TRANSLATION
yea	hongu
yeahhh	hongu
yeahhhh	NO TRANSLATION
year	gore
yearbook	bhuku rebhuku
yearling	yearling
yearly	gore negore
yearn	unoshuva
yearning	yearning
years	makore
yeast	mbiriso
yehey	NO TRANSLATION
yell	yell
yeller	yeller
yelling	yelling
yellow	yero
yellows	yellows
yelp	yelp
yen	yen
yeoman	yeoman
yesss	yesss
yessss	yessss
yesterday	zuro
yesteryear	yekare
yew	yew
yey	NO TRANSLATION
yield	zvibereko
yielding	kubvuma
yo-yo	NO TRANSLATION
yodel	yodel
yoga	yoga
yogi	yogi
yogurt	yogurt
yoke	joko
yolk	yolk
yon	NO TRANSLATION
yonder	yonder
young	vaduku
younger	muduku
youngster	youngster
yousuck	unobhowa
youth	udiki
youthful	achiri muduku
yucky	yucky
yuletide	yuletide
yummy	yummy
yuppie	yuppie
zany	zany
zap	zap
zeal	kushingaira
zealot	zealot
zealous	kushingaira
zebra	zebra
zen	zen
zenith	zenith
zephyr	zephyr
zeppelin	zeppelin
zest	zest
zesty	zesty
zeta	zeta
zigzag	zigzag
zilch	zilch
zillion	zillion
zinc	zinc
zing	NO TRANSLATION
zip	zip
zipper	zipper
zippy	zippy
zit	NO TRANSLATION
zodiac	zodiac
zombie	zombie
zone	zone
zoning	zoning
zoo	zoo
zoological	zoological
zoology	zoology
zoom	zoom
zucchini	zucchini
