Word	sw
aaaaaaah	aaaaaaah
aaaah	NO TRANSLATION
aardvark	aardvark
aback	tamaa
abacus	Abacus
abalone	abalone
abandon	kuacha
abandoned	kutelekezwa
abandonment	kuacha
abashed	kufadhaika
abate	abate
abatement	kulazimishwa
abba	abba
abbey	abbey
abbot	NO TRANSLATION
abbreviate	kifupi
abbreviation	abbreviation
abdomen	tumbo
abdominal	tumbo
abduct	kukamata
abduction	kukatwa
aberrant	kibali
aberration	uhamisho
abeyance	uasi
abhor	chukia
abhorrence	chuki
abhorrent	chuki
abide	Fuata
abiding	kuendelea
ability	uwezo
abject	inakabiliwa
ablation	upungufu
ablaze	tamaa
able	inaweza
abnormal	isiyo ya kawaida
abnormality	ukosefu wa kawaida
aboard	kuingia
abode	kukaa
abolish	kukomesha
abolition	kukomesha
abominable	ni machukizo
abominate	chuki
abomination	chukizo
aboriginal	asili ya asili
abort	kupuuza
abortion	utoaji mimba
abortive	utoaji mimba
abound	wingi
abovementioned	hapo juu
abracadabra	NO TRANSLATION
abrasion	kupasuka
abrasive	abrasive
abreast	upendeleo
abroad	nje ya nchi
abrogate	kukataa
abrupt	ghafla
abruptly	ghafla
abscess	kisasi
absence	kutokuwepo
absent	haipo
absentee	kuondoka
absenteeism	kukosa
absinthe	absinthe
absolute	kabisa
absolution	upungufu
absolve	onyesha
absorb	pata
absorbed	kufyonzwa
absorbent	absorbent
absorbing	kunyonya
absorption	ngozi
abstain	kuepuka
abstention	kujizuia
abstinence	kujizuia
abstract	abstract
abstraction	kinyume
absurd	si ajabu
absurdity	upuuzi
abundance	wingi
abundant	wingi
abuse	unyanyasaji
abused	vibaya
abusive	vurugu
abutment	mshikamano
aby	NO TRANSLATION
abysmal	uharibifu
abyss	kuzimu
academic	kitaaluma
academy	chuo
accede	kuharakisha
accelerant	kuharakisha
accelerate	kuharakisha
accelerated	iliharakisha
acceleration	kasi
accelerator	accelerator
accent	msisitizo
accentuate	accentuate
accept	kukubali
acceptable	kukubalika
acceptance	kukubalika
acceptances	kukubalika
access	upatikanaji
accessible	kupatikana
accession	upatikanaji
accessory	vifaa
accident	ajali
accidental	ajali
accidentally	bahati mbaya
acclaim	sifa
accolade	kulazimisha
accommodate	pata
accommodation	malazi
accompaniment	kuambatana
accompany	kuongozana
accompanying	kuandamana
accomplice	accomplice
accomplish	fidia
accomplished	ilikamilishwa
accomplishment	ufanisi
accord	mkataba
accordance	kwa mujibu
accordion	accordion
account	akaunti
accountability	uwajibikaji
accountable	kuwajibika
accountant	mhasibu
accounting	uhasibu
accounts	akaunti
accredited	vibali
accretion	accretion
accrue	ongezea
accueil	NO TRANSLATION
accumulate	kukusanya
accumulation	mkusanyiko
accuracy	usahihi
accurate	sahihi
accursed	alilaaniwa
accusation	mashtaka
accusative	mashtaka
accuse	kumshtaki
accused	mtuhumiwa
accuser	mshtakiwa
accusing	akashtaki
accustomed	wamezoea
ace	ace
acetic	acetiki
acetylene	acetylene
ache	maumivu
achieve	kufikia
achieved	mafanikio
achievement	mafanikio
aching	kuumwa
achy	achy
acid	asidi
acidity	acidity
acknowledge	Tambua
acknowledged	alikubali
acknowledgement	kukubali
acknowledgment	kukubali
acme	acme
acne	Acne
acorn	pamba
acoustic	acoustic
acoustics	acoustics
acquaint	kujua
acquaintance	marafiki
acquainted	kujua
acquiescence	upungufu
acquire	kupata
acquiring	kupata
acquisition	upatikanaji
acquisitions	upatikanaji
acquit	toa
acquittal	kuhukumiwa
acre	ekari
acreage	acreage
acres	ekari
acrobat	acrobat
acrylic	akriliki
act	tenda
acting	kaimu
action	hatua
action figure	takwimu ya hatua
actionable	inayoweza kutekelezwa
activate	kuamsha
activation	uanzishaji
active	kazi
activist	mwanaharakati
activity	shughuli
actor	mwigizaji
actress	mwigizaji
actual	halisi
actuality	hali halisi
actuary	mkataba
acuity	acuity
acumen	acumeni
acupuncture	acupuncture
acute	papo hapo
acutely	acutely
ad	tangazo
adage	adage
adamant	kukataa
adapt	toa
adaptable	yanaweza kubadilika
adaptation	mabadiliko
add	ongeza
added	aliongeza
addendum	nyongeza
adder	nyongeza
addict	addict
addicted	addicted
addiction	utata
addictive	addictive
addition	kuongeza
additional	ziada
additive	vyema
address	anwani
addressee	kijiji
addresses	anwani
adept	halali
adequacy	kutosheleza
adequate	kutosha
adhere	kuzingatia
adherence	kuzingatia
adherent	kuzingatia
adhering	kushikamana
adhesion	kujitoa
adhesive	adhesive
adieu	adieu
adipose	adipose
adjacency	karibu
adjacent	karibu
adjective	kivumbuzi
adjoining	kuunganishwa
adjourn	kurudi
adjournment	uhamisho
adjudicate	adjudicate
adjudication	kuhukumiwa
adjunct	panga
adjust	rekebisha
adjuster	adjuster
adjustment	marekebisho
adjuvant	adjuvant
admin	admin
administer	kuongoza
administration	utawala
administrative	utawala
administrator	msimamizi
admirable	admirable
admiral	admiral
admiralty	admiralty
admiration	sifa
admire	admire
admired	alivutiwa
admirer	admirer
admiring	admiring
admissibility	kukubalika
admissible	inakubalika
admission	kuingia
admit	kukubali
admittance	kukubali
admitted	alikiri
admitting	kukubali
admixture	mchanganyiko
admonition	ushauri
ado	ado
adobe	adobe
adolescence	ujana
adolescent	kijana
adopt	kupitisha
adoption	kupitishwa
adoptive	kupitisha
adorable	kupendeza
adoration	ibada
adore	adore
adoring	adoring
adorn	kupamba
adornment	kupamba
adrenalin	adrenalini
adrenaline	adrenaline
adrift	adrift
adult	watu wazima
adulterated	kuharibiwa
adulterer	mzinzi
adultery	uzinzi
adulthood	watu wazima
advance	kuendeleza
advanced	ya juu
advancement	maendeleo
advancing	kuendeleza
advantage	faida
advantageous	faida
advent	kuja
adventure	adventure
adventurer	mchezaji
adventures	adventures
adventurous	adventurous
adversary	adui
adverse	mbaya
adversity	shida
advertise	tangaza
advertisement	matangazo
advertising	matangazo
adverts	matangazo
advice	ushauri
advisable	kushauriwa
advise	ushauri
advised	alishauriwa
advisement	Ushauri
adviser	mshauri
advisor	mshauri
advisory	ushauri
advocacy	utetezi
advocate	kutetea
aegis	aegis
aeration	aeration
aerial	angani
aerobics	aerobics
aerodrome	aerodrome
aerodynamic	aerodynamic
aerodynamics	aerodynamics
aeronautics	aeronautics
aeroplane	ndege
aerospace	aerospace
aesthetic	aesthetic
aesthetics	aesthetics
aetiology	aetiolojia
afar	mbali
affable	kuharibika
affair	jambo
affect	kuathiri
affecting	inayoathiri
affection	upendo
affectionate	upendo
affections	mapenzi
affiche	NO TRANSLATION
affidavit	afidaviti
affiliated	wanaohusishwa
affiliation	ushirikiano
affinity	ushirika
affirm	kuthibitisha
affirmation	uthibitisho
affirmative	hakika
affirmatively	kuthibitisha
affix	fanya
afflict	shida
afflicted	waliosumbuliwa
affliction	taabu
affluence	ustawi
affluent	wenye thamani
afford	kununua
affordable	nafuu
affront	chuki
affronted	kupigana
afield	uwanja
afire	moto
afloat	tamaa
afore	afore
aforementioned	yaliyotaja hapo awali
aforesaid	uliyotaja hapo awali
afraid	hofu
afresh	upya tena
african	african
aft	aft
afterlife	baada ya maisha
aftermath	baada ya
afternoon	mchana
aftershave	baada ya
aftertaste	aftertaste
afterthought	baadaye
aga	NO TRANSLATION
agape	agape
agate	agate
age	umri
aged	wenye umri
agency	shirika
agenda	ajenda
agent	wakala
agglomeration	agglomeration
aggravate	kuongeza
aggravated	imeongezeka
aggravates	huongeza
aggravating	kuchochea
aggravation	kupungua
aggregate	jumla
aggregation	uchochezi
aggresive	NO TRANSLATION
aggression	uchokozi
aggressive	fujo
aggressively	vurugu
aggressiveness	uchochezi
aggressor	mkandamizaji
agh	agh
aghast	mbaya
aghhh	NO TRANSLATION
agile	agile
agility	agility
aging	kuzeeka
agitate	tamaa
agitated	alisitishwa
agitation	uchochezi
aglow	kuwaka
agnostic	agnostic
ago	iliyopita
agonizing	kuumiza
agony	uchungu
agoraphobia	agoraphobia
agree	kubali
agreeable	nzuri
agreed	walikubali
agreeing	kukubaliana
agreement	makubaliano
agressive	NO TRANSLATION
agricultural	kilimo
agriculture	kilimo
aground	chini
agua	NO TRANSLATION
ahead	mbele
ahhh	ahhh
ahhhhhhhh	NO TRANSLATION
ahoy	ahoy
aid	misaada
aide	msaidizi
aiding	kusaidia
aids	vifaa
ail	chochote
ailing	mgonjwa
ailment	ugonjwa
aim	lengo
aimless	isiyo na maana
air	hewa
airbag	hewabag
airborne	ya hewa
aircraft	Ndege
aircraft carrier	carrier ndege
airfield	uwanja wa ndege
airhead	hewahead
airlift	ndege ya ndege
airline	ndege
airliner	ndege
airlock	hewalock
airman	airman
airplane	ndege
airport	uwanja wa ndege
airs	hewa
airship	airship
airspace	nafasi ya hewa
airspeed	airspeed
airstrip	kiwanja cha ndege
airtight	kupitiwa hewa
airway	barabara ya hewa
aisle	aisle
ait	NO TRANSLATION
ajar	NO TRANSLATION
aka	aka
akin	inayofanana
alabaster	alabaster
alarm	kengele
alarm clock	Saa ya Kengele
alarmed	alishtuka
alarming	inatisha
alas	ole
alb	NO TRANSLATION
albatross	albatross
albino	albino
album	albamu
alchemy	alchemy
alcohol	pombe
alcoholic	pombe
alcoholism	ulevi
alcove	pombe
alderman	alderman
ale	NO TRANSLATION
alert	tahadhari
alertness	tahadhari
alerts	tahadhari
alfalfa	alfalfa
algebra	algebra
algebraic	algebraic
algorithm	algorithm
alias	Alias
alibi	alibi
alien	mgeni
alienate	kuepuka
alienated	kuachana
alienation	kuachana
alight	alikwenda
align	fanya
aligned	iliyokaa
alignment	alignment
alike	sawa
alimentation	NO TRANSLATION
alimony	alimony
aliquot	aliquot
alive	hai
alkali	alkali
alkaloids	alkaloids
allay	piga
allegation	madai
allege	wanasema
alleged	madai
allegiance	utii
allegorical	kinyume cha habari
allegory	madai
allegro	allegro
allergic	mzio
allergy	matatizo
alleviate	kupunguza
alleviation	kupungua
alley	kilimo
alleyway	barabarani
alliance	Muungano
allied	washirika
alligator	alligator
allocate	kutenga
allocation	mgao
allot	allot
allotment	ugawaji
allow	kuruhusu
allowable	halali
allowance	posho
allowed	ruhusiwa
alloy	alloy
allsmiles	NO TRANSLATION
allure	fanya
alluring	kupendeza
allusion	kutaja
alluvial	alluvial
ally	mshirika
almanac	almanac
almighty	Mwenye nguvu
almond	almond
aloft	aloft
aloha	aloha
alone	peke yake
alongside	kando
aloof	wazi
aloud	kwa sauti kubwa
alpha	alpha
alphabet	alfabeti
alphabetical	alfabeti
alpine	alpine
alreadyyyyy	tayariyyyyy
altar	madhabahu
altar boy	mvulana wa madhabahu
alter	kubadilisha
alteration	mabadiliko
altercation	mabadiliko
altered	ilibadilishwa
alternate	mbadala
alternating	kubadilisha
alternative	mbadala
altimeter	altimeter
altitude	urefu
alto	alto
altogether	kabisa
aluminum	alumini
alumnus	alumnus
alveolar	alveolar
alzheimers	NO TRANSLATION
amalgam	amalgam
amalgamation	ushirikiano
amaretto	amaretto
amass	amass
amateur	amateur
amaze	kushangaza
amazed	alishangaa
amazedness	NO TRANSLATION
amazement	mshangao
amazing	ajabu
amazingly	kushangaza
ambassador	balozi
amber	amber
ambience	ambience
ambient	iliyoko
ambiguity	utata
ambiguous	wasiwasi
ambit	ambit
ambition	tamaa
ambitious	tamaa
ambivalent	ambivalent
ambrosia	ambrosia
ambulance	ambulensi
ambush	kumshtaki
ameliorate	kuimarisha
amen	amen
amenable	inafaa
amend	tengeneze
amendment	marekebisho
amends	inabadilisha
amenity	huduma
amethyst	amethyst
amiable	mzuri
amicable	amicable
amid	katikati
amidst	katikati
amino	amino
ammo	ammo
ammonia	amonia
ammonium	amonia
ammunition	risasi
amnesia	amnesia
amnesty	msamaha
amorous	amorous
amorphous	amorphous
amortization	uhamisho
amount	kiasi
amour	NO TRANSLATION
amp	amp
ampersand	ampersand
amphetamines	amphetamines
amphibian	amfibia
amphibious	amphibious
amphitheater	amphitheater
ample	kamili
amplification	amplification
amplify	kuimarisha
amplitude	amplitude
amply	sana
amputate	kumkamata
amputation	kupigwa
amuck	amuck
amulet	Amulet
amuse	tamaa
amused	amused
amusement	pumbao
amusing	kusisimua
ana	NO TRANSLATION
anaconda	anaconda
anaesthesia	anesthesia
anaesthetic	anesthetic
anagram	anagram
anal	anal
analgesic	analgesic
analogous	sawa
analogue	mfano
analogy	mfano
analysis	uchambuzi
analyst	mchambuzi
analytic	uchambuzi
analytical	uchambuzi
analyze	kuchambua
analyzer	analyzer
anaphylactic	anaphylactic
anarchism	anarchism
anarchist	anarchist
anarchy	machafuko
anastomosis	anastomosis
anathema	anathema
anatomic	anatomic
anatomy	anatomy
ancestor	babu
ancestral	baba
ancestry	kizazi
anchor	nanga
anchorage	Anchorage
ancient	kale
ancillary	msaidizi
androgen	androgen
android	android
anecdote	anecdote
anemia	upungufu wa damu
anemic	anemic
anemone	anemone
anesthesia	anesthesia
anesthesiologist	anesthesiologist
anesthetic	anesthetic
aneurysm	aneurysm
anew	upya
angel	malaika
angelic	malaika
anger	hasira
angered	hasira
angermanagement	NO TRANSLATION
angina	angina
angiogram	angiogram
angiography	angiography
angle	angle
angling	angling
angora	angora
angriest	hasira
angry	hasira
angrytweet	NO TRANSLATION
angst	angst
anguish	maumivu
anguished	huzuni
angular	angular
anhydrous	anhydrous
animal	mnyama
animate	fanya
animated	animated
animation	uhuishaji
animosity	chuki
animus	animus
ankle	mguu
anklet	anklet
annals	inabiri
annex	kiambatisho
annexation	vifungo
annexe	NO TRANSLATION
annihilate	kuangamiza
annihilated	kuharibiwa
annihilation	kuangamiza
anniversary	maadhimisho ya miaka
annotate	onyesha
annotation	maelezo
announce	tangazo
announcement	tangazo
announcer	mtangazaji
annoy	pendeza
annoyance	chuki
annoyed	alikasirika
annoyin	NO TRANSLATION
annoying	hasira
annoys	hukasirika
annual	kila mwaka
annuity	annuity
annul	kufuta
annular	annular
annulment	kufutwa
annulus	annulus
anointed	mafuta
anointing	upako
anomalous	mbaya
anomaly	haifai
anon	anoni
anonymity	kutokujulikana
anonymous	haijulikani
anorexic	anorexic
answer	jibu
answerable	inayofaa
answering	kujibu
ant	ant
antagonism	kupinga
antagonist	mpinzani
antagonistic	kupinga
antagonize	antagonze
ante	NO TRANSLATION
antecedent	antecedent
antelope	Antelope
antenna	antenna
anterior	anterior
anthem	fimbo
anthill	tamaa
anthology	anthology
anthrax	anthrax
anthropological	anthropolojia
anthropologist	mwanadolojia
anthropology	anthropolojia
anti	kupambana
antiaircraft	antiaircraft
antibiotic	antibiotic
antibiotics	antibiotics
antichrist	mpinga Kristo
anticipate	wanatarajia
anticipation	kutarajia
anticipatory	kutarajia
antics	NO TRANSLATION
antidote	antidote
antifungal	antifungal
antigravity	antigravity
antimony	antimoni
antipathy	kupinga
antiquarian	antiquarian
antiquated	zimehifadhiwa
antique	kale
antiques	antiques
antiquity	zamani
antiseptic	antiseptic
antisocial	antisocial
antithesis	antithesis
antithetical	antithetical
antiviral	antiviral
antler	antler
antsy	antsy
anus	anus
anvil	mshauri
anxiety	wasiwasi
anxietyattack	NO TRANSLATION
anxious	wasiwasi
anxiousness	wasiwasi
anytime	wakati wowote
aorta	aorta
aortic	aortic
apace	wazi
apache	apache
apartment	ghorofa
apartments	vyumba
apathetic	apathetic
apathy	kutojali
ape	ape
aperture	kufungua
apex	kilele
aphid	aphid
aphrodisiac	aphrodisiac
apiece	Kipande
aplomb	aplomb
apocalypse	apocalypse
apocalyptic	apocalyptic
apologetic	msamaha
apologist	msamaha
apologize	kuomba msamaha
apology	msamaha
apostasy	uasi
apostate	waasi
apostle	Mtume
apostolic	utume
apostrophe	apostrophe
apothecary	apothecary
appalled	alishangaa
appalling	inatisha
apparatus	vifaa
apparel	nguo
apparent	inaonekana
apparently	inaonekana
apparition	kuonekana
appeal	rufaa
appear	onekana
appearance	mwonekano
appease	radhi
appellant	mwombaji
append	tumia
appendage	kipengee
appendectomy	appendectomy
appendicitis	appendicitis
appendix	kiambatisho
appetite	hamu ya kula
appetizer	kivutio
appetizing	kupendeza
applaud	tamaa
applause	kupiga makofi
apple	apple
apple juice	juisi ya apple
applejack	applejack
applesauce	appleauce
appliance	vifaa
appliances	vifaa
applicability	matumizi
applicable	inatumika
applicant	mwombaji
application	programu
apply	tumia
appoint	weka
appointment	uteuzi
appointments	uteuzi
apportion	kugawa
apportionment	ugawaji
appraisal	tathmini
appraise	tazama
appreciable	appreciable
appreciate	kufahamu
appreciated	kupendezwa
appreciates	hupenda
appreciation	shukrani
appreciative	appreciative
apprehend	pata
apprehension	hofu
apprehensive	wasiwasi
apprentice	kujifunza
apprenticeship	kujifunza
approach	mbinu
approaching	inakaribia
approbate	NO TRANSLATION
approbation	kupitishwa
appropriate	sahihi
appropriation	ugawaji
approval	ruhusa
approve	kupitisha
approved	imeidhinishwa
approvement	kibali
approving	kuidhinisha
approximate	takriban
approximately	takribani
approximating	inakaribia
approximation	takriban
appurtenances	upungufu
apricot	apricot
apron	apron
apt	inafaa
aptitude	aptitude
aqua	aqua
aquamarine	aquamarine
aquarium	aquarium
aquatic	majini
aqueduct	maji
aqueous	yenye maji
arable	arable
arbiter	arbiter
arbitrary	kielelezo
arbitrate	kubatibitisha
arbitration	usuluhishi
arbitrator	mkaguzi
arbor	arbor
arc	arc
arcade	Arcade
arcane	arcane
arch	arch
archaeological	archaeological
archaeologist	archaeologist
archaeology	archeolojia
archaic	archaic
archangel	malaika mkuu
archbishop	Askofu Mkuu
archdiocese	archdiocese
archduke	archduke
arched	arched
archer	mshambuliaji
archery	upigaji wa vita
archetype	archetype
archipelago	visiwa
architect	mbunifu
architectural	usanifu
architecture	usanifu
archive	kumbukumbu
arctic	arctic
ardent	nguvu
ardor	shauku
arduous	vigumu
area	eneo
arena	uwanja
areola	isola
areyoukidding	NO TRANSLATION
areyoukiddingme	NO TRANSLATION
argent	NO TRANSLATION
argh	upande
arghh	NO TRANSLATION
arghhhh	NO TRANSLATION
argue	wanasema
argument	hoja
argumentation	hoja
argumentative	hoja
arguments	hoja
arid	jangwa
arise	toka
aristocracy	aristocracy
aristocrat	aristocrat
aristocratic	aristocratic
arithmetic	hesabu
ark	safina
arm	mkono
armada	silaha
armament	silaha
armaments	silaha
armature	silaha
armchair	armchair
armed	silaha
armor	silaha
armored	silaha
armory	silaha
armpit	piga
arms	silaha
army	jeshi
aroma	harufu
aromatherapy	aromatherapy
arousal	kumfufua
arouse	kuamsha
aroused	iliamka
arraignment	kupigana
arrange	kupanga
arranged	kupangwa
arrangement	utaratibu
array	safu
arrears	mikopo
arrest	kukamatwa
arrhythmia	arrhythmia
arrival	kuwasili
arrive	fika
arrogance	kiburi
arrogant	kiburi
arrow	mshale
arsehole	upinde
arseholes	arseholes
arsenal	silaha
arsenic	arsenic
arson	uchomaji
arsonist	mfanyabiashara
art	sanaa
arterial	arteri
artery	ateri
artful	uzuri
arthritis	arthritis
arthropod	arthropod
artichoke	artichoke
article	makala
articles	makala
articulate	kutaja
articulation	mazungumzo
artifact	shaba
artifice	shaba
artificial	bandia
artillery	silaha
artisan	mtaalamu
artist	msanii
artiste	NO TRANSLATION
artistic	kisanii
artistry	sanaa
artists	wasanii
artwork	mchoro
arty	arty
asap	Haraka iwezekanavyo
asbestos	asbestosi
ascend	kupaa
ascendancy	upandaji
ascendant	ascendant
ascending	hukua
ascension	kupanda
ascent	kupanda
ascertain	hakikisha
ascertained	imethibitishwa
ascetic	wastahili
ash	majivu
ashamed	aibu
ashes	majivu
ashtray	ashtray
asinine	asinine
ask	kuuliza
asleeep	NO TRANSLATION
asleep	amelala
asp	asp
asparagus	asufi
aspartame	aspartame
aspect	kipengele
aspects	mambo
aspen	aspen
asphalt	lami
asphyxia	asphyxia
asphyxiation	uharibifu
aspiration	sura
aspire	tamaa
aspirin	aspirini
aspiring	unataka
ass	punda
assail	kushambuliwa
assailant	mwenye kushambulia
assassin	assassin
assassinate	kuua
assassination	mauaji
assault	shambulio
assay	jaribio
assemblage	mkutano
assemble	kusanyika
assembled	walikusanyika
assembly	mkutano
assemblyman	mkutano
assent	thibitisha
assert	tamaa
asserting	kusisitiza
assertion	madai
assertive	kusisitiza
assess	tathmini
assessment	tathmini
assessor	mkaguzi
asset	mali
assets	mali
asshole	punda
assign	toa
assignee	assignee
assignment	kazi
assimilate	kuingiza
assimilation	kufanana
assist	kusaidia
assistance	msaada
assistant	msaidizi
associate	mshirika
association	ushirika
assorted	imeshindwa
assortment	usawa
assuage	kuchochea
assume	fanya
assumed	kudhaniwa
assuming	kuchukua
assumption	dhana
assurance	uhakika
assure	hakikisha
assured	uhakika
assuredly	hakika
asterisk	asterisk
asteroid	asteroid
asteroids	asteroids
asthma	pumu
asthmatic	asthmatic
astigmatism	astigmatism
astonish	mshangao
astonished	alishangaa
astonishing	kushangaza
astonishingly	NO TRANSLATION
astonishment	mshangao
astound	tamaa
astral	astral
astray	kupotea
astringent	kinyume
astrologer	nyota
astrology	astrology
astronaut	astronaut
astronomer	astronomer
astronomical	astronomical
astronomy	astronomy
astute	anajua
asunder	kuacha
asylum	hifadhi
asymmetric	asymmetric
asymmetry	asymmetry
asymptotic	asymptotic
atelier	atelier
atheism	Mungu
atheist	hawana Mungu
atheistic	wasioamini
atherosclerosis	atherosclerosis
athlete	mwanariadha
athletic	wanariadha
athleticism	athleticism
athletics	mashindano
atlas	atlas
atmosphere	anga
atmospheric	anga
atoll	atoll
atom	atomi
atomic	atomiki
atone	atone
atonement	upatanisho
atpeace	atpeace
atrium	atrium
atrocious	hasira
atrocity	atrocity
atrophy	atrophy
attach	ambatisha
attached	imefungwa
attachment	kiambatisho
attack	kushambulia
attacker	mshambulizi
attacking	kushambulia
attain	kufikia
attainable	kufikia
attainment	kufikia
attempt	jaribio
attempted	alijaribu
attend	hudhuria
attendance	mahudhurio
attendant	mtumishi
attention	tazama
attentionseeker	NO TRANSLATION
attentionseekers	NO TRANSLATION
attentive	makini
attenuate	attenuate
attenuated	imedhamiriwa
attenuation	uzuiaji
attest	inathibitisha
attestation	ushahidi
attic	attic
attire	mavazi
attitude	mtazamo
attorney	wakili
attract	kuvutia
attraction	kivutio
attractive	kuvutia
attractiveness	kuvutia
attributable	inatokana
attribute	sifa
attribution	mgao
attrition	ushindi
auburn	auburn
auction	mnada
auctioneer	mnadaji
audacious	wenye ujasiri
audacity	ujasiri
audible	kusikilizwa
audience	watazamaji
audio	redio
audit	ukaguzi
audition	ukaguzi
auditions	ukaguzi
auditor	mkaguzi
auditorium	hoteli
auditory	ukaguzi
aught	kitu kingine
augment	kuongeza
augmentation	kuongeza
august	Agosti
aunt	shangazi
auntie	Binti
aura	aura
aurora	aurora
auspices	auspices
auspicious	unuspicious
austere	mzuri
austerity	unusterity
authentic	halisi
authenticate	kuthibitisha
authentication	uthibitisho
authenticity	uhalali
author	mwandishi
authoritative	mamlaka
authority	mamlaka
authorization	idhini
authorize	idhini
authorized	mamlaka
authorship	uandishi
autism	autism
autistic	autistic
auto	auto
autobiographical	kijiografia
autobiography	kibadilishaji
autocorrect	imara
autocratic	kijeshi
autograph	autograph
autographed	imejitambulisha
automated	automatiska
automatic	moja kwa moja
automobile	gari
automotive	magari
autonomy	uhuru
autopilot	kujitegemea
autopsy	kujitegemea
autumn	vuli
auxiliary	msaidizi
avail	ni sawa
availability	upatikanaji
available	inapatikana
avalanche	Banguli
avarice	adarice
avatar	avatar
avenge	kulipiza kisasi
avenger	mlipuko
avenging	kulipiza kisasi
avenue	avenue
aver	NO TRANSLATION
average	wastani
aversation	NO TRANSLATION
averse	toa
averseness	uharibifu
aversion	upungufu
avert	kuepuka
aviary	aviary
aviation	anga
aviator	aviator
avid	mkali
avocado	avocado
avoid	kuepuka
avoidance	kuepuka
avoiding	kuepuka
await	wanasubiri
awake	Oka
awaken	kuamsha
awakening	kuamka
award	tuzo
awards	tuzo
aware	kufahamu
awareness	ufahamu
awe	NO TRANSLATION
awed	imetangazwa
awesome	kushangaza
awesomeness	uovu
awestruck	uharibifu
awful	mbaya
awkward	Awkward
awkwardness	Awkwardness
awning	awning
awry	Awry
axe	shoka
axial	axial
axiom	axiom
axiomatic	axiomatic
axis	mhimili
axle	kushikamana
ay	ay
aye	aye
azimuth	azimuth
azure	azure
babble	toa
babbling	kupiga kelele
babe	babe
baboon	mbuzi
baby	mtoto
babysit	watoto
babysitter	babysitter
baccalaureate	Baccalaureate
baccarat	baccarat
bachelor	Bachelor
bachelorette	bachelorette
back	nyuma
backboard	backboard
backbone	mgongo
backdoor	mlango wa nyuma
backdrop	kuharibu
backer	msaidizi
backfire	kurudi nyuma
backgammon	backgammon
background	background
backhand	backhand
backhoe	backoe
backoff	backoff
backpack	kitambaa
backpacker	backpacker
backroom	backroom
backseat	ufuatiliaji
backside	nyuma
backtrack	nyuma
backup	Backup
backward	nyuma
backwardness	nyuma
backwards	nyuma
backwater	backwater
backwoods	backwoods
backyard	uani
bacon	Bacon
bacteria	bakteria
bacterial	bakteria
bacterium	bakteria
bad	mbaya
badass	badass
badday	NO TRANSLATION
badfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
badge	beji
badger	mbegu
badhabit	NO TRANSLATION
badly	vibaya
badness	uovu
baffle	baffle
baffled	walipigwa
bag	mfuko
bagel	bagel
baggage	mizigo
baggie	baggie
baggy	baggy
bagman	bagman
bagpipes	magunia
bail	dhamana
bailiff	msaidizi
bait	bait
bake	kuoka
bakery	mkate
baking	kuoka
bal	NO TRANSLATION
balance	usawa
balanced	uwiano
balcony	balcony
bald	bald
balding	kupiga kura
baldy	mchezaji
bale	bale
balk	balk
ball	mpira
ballad	ballad
ballast	ballast
ballerina	ballerina
ballet	ballet
ballgame	ballgame
ballistic	ballististic
ballistics	ballistics
balloon	puto
ballot	kura
ballpark	ballpark
ballplayer	ballplayer
ballpoint	ballpoint
ballroom	ballroom
ballsy	ballsy
balm	balm
balmy	balmy
balsam	balsamu
balsamic	balsamic
bam	bam
bamboo	mianzi
ban	NO TRANSLATION
banana	ndizi
band	bendi
bandage	Bandeji
bandanna	bandanna
bandit	bandia
bandstand	bandara
bandwagon	bandwagon
bandwidth	bandwidth
bane	bane
bang	bang
banger	banger
banish	kupiga marufuku
banished	ilifukuzwa
banishment	kupigwa marufuku
banister	banister
banjo	banjo
bank	Benki
banker	benki
banking	benki
bankroll	bankroll
bankrupt	kufuta
bankruptcy	kufilisika
banner	bendera
banquet	karamu
banshee	banshee
banter	banter
banzai	NO TRANSLATION
baptism	ubatizo
baptismal	ubatizo
baptize	ubatize
bar	bar
barb	barb
barbarian	msomi
barbaric	barbaric
barbarism	barbarism
barbecue	barbeque
barbed	barbed
barber	shaba
barbershop	kinyozi
barbie doll	barbie doll
bard	bard
bare	wazi
bareback	bareback
barefoot	nguo
barely	vigumu
barf	barf
bargain	shauriana
bargaining	kujadiliana
barge	barge
baritone	baritone
barium	bariamu
bark	gome
barkeep	barkeep
barks	barks
barley	shayiri
barmaid	barmaid
barman	barman
barn	ghala
barnacle	kizuizi
barney	barney
barnyard	barnyard
barometer	barometer
baron	baroni
baroness	baroness
baroque	baroque
barrack	barrack
barracuda	barracuda
barrage	barrage
barred	imezuiwa
barrel	pipa
barren	tasa
barricade	barricade
barrier	kizuizi
barring	kuzuia
barrister	barrister
barroom	barroom
barrow	barrow
bartender	bartender
barter	piga
base	msingi
baseball	baseball
baseball bat	baseball bat
baseboard	msingi
baseless	bila msingi
baseline	msingi
baseman	baseman
basement	basement
bases	besi
bash	bash
bashful	bashful
basic	msingi
basics	misingi
basil	basil
basilica	basilika
basin	Bonde
basis	msingi
bask	bask
basket	kikapu
basketball	mpira wa kikapu
bass	bass
bass guitar	gitaa la bass
basso	NO TRANSLATION
bassoon	bassoon
bastard	mwanaharamu
bastarding	ukarimu
bastards	bastards
bastion	bastion
bat	bat
batch	kundi
batching	kupiga
bate	NO TRANSLATION
bath	kuoga
bathe	kuoga
bathhouse	bathhouse
bathing	kuoga
bathrobe	bathrobe
bathroom	bafuni
bathtub	bafu
bathymetry	bathymetry
baton	piga
battalion	askari
batter	piga
battered	ilipigwa
battering	kupiga
battery	betri
battle	vita
battled	vita
battlefield	vita
battleground	uwanja wa vita
battlements	vita
battleship	vita
batty	batty
bauble	bauble
bawdy	bawdy
bawl	bawl
bay	bay
bayonet	bayonet
bayou	bayou
bazaar	bazaar
bazooka	bazooka
bday	bday
be	kuwa
beach	pwani
beaches	mabwawa
beacon	beacon
bead	bead
beading	kupigwa
beads	shanga
beady	beady
beagle	beagle
beak	mdomo
beaker	beaker
beam	boriti
beaming	kupiga
bean	maharagwe
beanbag	beanbag
beanie	beanie
bear	kubeba
bearable	kubeba
beard	ndevu
bearded	ndevu
bearer	mwandishi
bearing	kuzaa
bearings	fani
bearish	bearish
bearskin	bearskin
beast	mnyama
beastly	mnyama
beat	piga
beaten	kupigwa
beater	beater
beating	kumpiga
beatnik	kupiga
beau	beau
beautification	uzuri
beautiful	nzuri
beautify	kupendeza
beauty	uzuri
beaver	beaver
bebop	bebop
beck	beck
beckon	fanya
become	kuwa
bed	kitanda
bedding	kitanda
bedpan	kitanda
bedrock	kitanda
bedroom	chumbani
bedside	kitanda
bedspread	kitambaa
bedtime	wakati wa kulala
bee	nyuki
beef	nyama
beefsteak	beefsteak
beehive	nyuki
beep	beep
beeper	beeper
beer	bia
bees	nyuki
beeswax	nta
beetle	mende
befall	kuanguka
befitting	kufaa
befriend	kuwa rafiki
befuddled	kuhamishwa
beg	omba
beggar	mwombaji
begging	kuomba
begin	kuanza
beginner	mwanzoni
beginning	mwanzo
beginnings	mwanzo
begrudge	chuki
begun	imeanza
behappy	NO TRANSLATION
behave	tenda
behavior	tabia
behavioral	tabia
behemoth	behemoth
behest	tamaa
behold	tazama
beholden	tazama
beholder	tazama
beige	beige
belated	kupigwa
belay	belay
belch	ukanda
belief	imani
believable	kuaminika
believe	amini
believed	aliamini
believer	mwamini
believing	kuamini
belittle	kupungua
belittled	kupigwa
bell	kengele
bellboy	bellboy
bellhop	bellhop
belligerent	wanapigana
bellman	bellman
bellow	tamaa
bellows	mimba
belly	tumbo
bellybutton	tumbo
bellyful	tumbo
belong	ni
belongings	mali
beloved	wapenzi
belt	ukanda
beluga	beluga
bemused	amekataliwa
bench	benchi
bend	piga
bender	bender
bending	kupiga
beneath	chini
benedictory	benedictory
benefactor	mfadhili
beneficial	manufaa
beneficiary	walengwa
benefit	faida
benevolence	wema
benevolent	wema
benign	benign
bent	bent
benzene	benzini
bequeath	bequeath
bequest	ustahili
bereaved	amekufa
bereavement	kufariki
bereft	wafungwa
beret	beret
bergamot	bergamot
berlin	berlin
berserk	berserk
berth	berth
beryllium	berilili
beseech	kuomba
beset	tamaa
bestdayever	bora
bestfeeling	bora
bestfriends	wapenzi
bestial	kinyume
besties	vipindi
bestow	kutoa
bestseller	muuzaji bora
bet	bet
beta	beta
betray	kumsaliti
betrayal	usaliti
betrayed	alisalitiwa
betrothed	waliyetumiwa
betterment	uboreshaji
betting	kupiga kura
betty	betty
bevel	bevel
beverage	vinywaji
bevy	bevy
beware	Jihadharini
bewilder	mshangao
bewildered	wasiwasi
bewilderment	kushangaza
bias	kupendeza
biased	upendeleo
bib	bib
bible	Biblia
biblical	Biblia
bibliography	maandishi
bicarbonate	bicarbonate
bicentennial	bicentennial
biceps	biceps
bicker	bicker
bickering	kupigana
bicolor	bicolor
bicycle	baiskeli
bid	jitihada
bidder	zabuni
bidding	zabuni
bide	NO TRANSLATION
biennial	wema
bier	NO TRANSLATION
bifurcation	kifungo
big	kubwa
bigamy	bigamy
bigday	sikukuu
biggestfear	NO TRANSLATION
biggie	biggie
bighorn	bighorn
bigmouth	bigmouth
bigot	bigot
bigoted	imepigwa
bigotry	bigotry
bike	baiskeli
biker	biker
bikini	bikini
bilateral	nchi mbili
bilayer	bilayer
bile	bile
bilge	mapitio
bilingual	lugha mbili
bill	muswada
billboard	bendera
billet	billet
billiard	bilioni
billiards	mabilidi
billing	kulipa
billion	bilioni
billionaire	billionaire
billy	billy
bimbo	bimbo
bimonthly	bimonthly
bin	bin
binary	binary
bind	funga
binder	binder
bindery	kisheria
binding	kumfunga
bing	bing
binge	binge
bingo	bingo
binocular	binocular
binoculars	binoculars
binomial	binomial
bio	bio
biochemical	biochemical
biochemist	biochemist
biochemistry	biochemistry
biogenesis	biogenesis
biographer	biographer
biography	biografia
biological	biolojia
biologist	biolojia
biology	biolojia
bionic	bionic
biopsy	biopsy
biosphere	biosphere
bipartite	bipartite
bipolar	bipolar
birch	birch
bird	ndege
birdcage	ndege
birdie	birdie
birdman	ndege
birth	kuzaliwa
birthday	siku ya kuzaliwa
birthing	kula
birthmark	alama ya kuzaliwa
birthplace	mahali pa kuzaliwa
birthright	haki ya kuzaliwa
bis	NO TRANSLATION
biscuit	biskuti
bisexual	ngono
bishop	askofu
bison	bison
bisque	bisque
bistro	bistro
bit	kidogo
bitch	bitch
bitchy	bitchy
bite	bite
biter	NO TRANSLATION
bitsy	bitsy
bitter	uchungu
bitterly	kwa uchungu
bitterness	uchungu
bittersweet	chungu tamu
bitty	bitty
bitumen	lami
biweekly	biweekly
biz	biz
bizarre	ajabu
blab	kamba
blabbermouth	blabbermouth
black	nyeusi
black snake	nyoka mweusi
blackberry	blackberry
blackbird	nyeusi
blackboard	ubao
blacken	weka
blackface	nyeusi
blackjack	blackjack
blacklist	orodha nyeusi
blackmail	usaliti
blackmailer	nyeusi
blackness	mweusi
blackout	nyeusi
blacksmith	mkufu
bladder	kibofu
blade	kamba
blame	lawama
blameless	hauna hatia
bland	bland
blank	tupu
blanket	blanketi
blare	kulaumu
blase	NO TRANSLATION
blasphemous	kumtukana
blasphemy	kumtukana
blast	mlipuko
blaster	blaster
blastoff	blastoff
blatant	wazi
blather	blather
blaze	onya
blazer	blazer
blazing	inawaka
bleach	bleach
bleak	tamaa
bleed	akapiga damu
bleeder	bleeder
bleeding	Vujadamu
bleep	bleep
blemish	talafu
blemished	kuharibika
blend	mchanganyiko
blender	blender
blending	kuchanganya
bless	baraka
blessed	heri
blessing	baraka
blessings	baraka
bleu	bleu
blight	blight
blighted	imewashwa
blimp	blimp
blind	kipofu
blinded	amefungwa
blindfold	kipofu
blindfolded	amefunikwa macho
blinding	kupofusha
blindly	kwa upofu
blindness	upofu
blink	blink
blip	blip
bliss	furaha
blissful	furaha
blister	blister
blistering	kupungua
blitz	blitz
blizzard	blizzard
bloat	piga
bloated	imefungwa
blob	piga
block	kuzuia
blockade	blockade
blockage	kufungwa
blockbuster	blockbuster
blockhead	kichwa cha kichwa
blog	blogu
bloke	piga
blond	blond
blonde	blonde
blood	damu
bloodbath	damu
bloodhound	damuhound
bloodless	bila damu
bloodline	damu
bloodshed	kupoteza damu
bloodshot	damu
bloodstream	damu
bloodthirsty	damu
bloody	damu
bloom	Bloom
bloomers	bloomers
blooming	inakua
blossom	maua
blot	jenga
blotched	imefungwa
blotter	jenga
blouse	piga
blow	pigo
blower	blower
blowfish	blowfish
blowing	kupiga
blowjob	blowjob
blown	pigo
blowout	kupumua
blowtorch	blowtorch
blubber	blubber
bluddy	bluddy
blue	bluu
blue spruce	spruce ya bluu
blueberry	blueberry
bluebird	bluebird
bluegrass	bluegrass
bluejay	bluejay
blueprint	Mchapishaji
blues	blues
bluff	bluff
bluish	bluu
blunder	tamaa
blunt	wazi
blur	furu
blurred	imetoka
blurry	furu
blurt	blurt
blush	blush
blushing	blushing
boa	NO TRANSLATION
boa constrictor	NO TRANSLATION
boar	boar
board	bodi
board game	mchezo wa bodi
boarder	NO TRANSLATION
boarding	bweni
boardroom	bodi ya ukumbi
boards	bodi
boardwalk	boardwalk
boast	kujivunia
boastful	kujivunia
boasting	kujivunia
boat	mashua
boathouse	boathouse
boating	kukimbia
boatload	boatload
boatman	boatman
bobbin	bobbin
bobcat	bobcat
bobsled	bobsled
bode	bode
bodega	bodega
bodice	bodice
bodily	kimwili
body	mwili
bodyguard	mlinzi
bog	bogi
bogey	bogey
bogeyman	bogeyman
bogus	machafu
bohemian	bohemian
boil	chemsha
boiler	boiler
boilerplate	boilerplate
boiling	kuchemsha
boisterous	kiburi
bold	ujasiri
boldness	ujasiri
bollocks	bollocks
bolster	jitihada
bolt	bolt
bolus	bolus
bomb	bomu
bombard	bomu
bombardier	bombardier
bombardment	bombardment
bombed	bomu
bomber	mshambuliaji
bombers	mabomu
bombing	mabomu
bombshell	mabomu
bonanza	bonanza
bonbon	NO TRANSLATION
bond	dhamana
bondage	utumwa
bonding	kuunganisha
bonds	vifungo
bondsman	mtumwa
bone	mfupa
bonehead	mfupa
boner	boner
bones	mifupa
bonfire	bonfire
bong	bong
bonkers	bonkers
bonne	NO TRANSLATION
bonnet	bonnet
bonny	bonny
bonsai	bonsai
bonus	ziada
bony	bony
boo	boo
boob	boob
booby	booby
booger	booger
boogeyman	boogeyman
boogie	boogie
book	kitabu
bookcase	bookcase
bookie	bookie
booking	booking
bookish	bookish
bookkeeper	kipaji
bookkeeping	uhifadhi
booklet	kijitabu
bookmaker	mtangazaji
bookmark	alama
books	vitabu
bookseller	mnunuzi wa vitabu
bookshop	kitabu cha vitabu
bookstore	kitabu cha vitabu
bookworm	chupa
boom	boom
boomer	boomer
boomerang	boomerang
booming	kuongezeka
boon	boon
boooo	NO TRANSLATION
boost	kuongeza
booster	nyongeza
boot	boot
booth	kibanda
bootleg	bootleg
bootlegger	bootlegger
boots	buti
booty	nyara
booze	pombe
bop	bop
bopper	bopper
border	mpaka
bordering	mipaka
borderline	mpaka
bore	kuzaa
boreal	urembo
bored	kuchoka
boredom	boredom
borer	borer
boring	boring
born	alizaliwa
boron	boroni
borough	barabara
borrow	azima
borrower	akopaye
bosom	kifua
boss	bwana
bossy	bwana
boston	boston
botanical	mimea
botanist	mimea
botany	mimea
bother	shida
bothering	kutisha
bottle	chupa
bottleneck	chupa
bottling	chupa
bottom	chini
bottomless	chini
botulism	botulism
boulder	boulder
bounce	bounce
bouncer	bouncer
bouncy	bouncy
bound	amefungwa
boundary	mipaka
boundless	bila mipaka
bounds	mipaka
bountiful	wenye manufaa
bounty	fadhila
bouquet	bouquet
bourbon	bourbon
bourgeois	bourgeois
bourgeoisie	ubongo
bourse	bourse
bout	bout
boutique	boutique
bouttime	bouttime
bovine	bovine
bow	upinde
bowed	akainama
bowel	bowel
bowels	matumbo
bowl	bakuli
bowler	bowler
bowling	bowling
bowls	bakuli
box	sanduku
boxcar	sanduku
boxer	mshambuliaji
boxers	boxers
boxing	ndondi
boy	mvulana
boycott	tamaa
boyfriend	mpenzi
boyhood	ujana
boyish	kijana
boysenberry	boysenberry
bozo	bozo
bra	bra
brace	jenga
bracelet	bangili
braces	braces
brachial	brachial
bracket	bracket
brackets	mabaki
brackish	brackish
brad	jasiri
brag	kujivunia
braid	ujasiri
brain	ubongo
brainless	ubongo
brains	akili
brainstorm	kuzingatia
brainwash	brainwash
brainy	brainy
brake	akaumega
bran	bran
branch	tawi
branching	matawi
brand	brand
brandy	brandy
brash	brash
brass	shaba
brass knuckle	shaba knuckle
brassiere	brassiere
brat	brat
bratwurst	bratwurst
bravado	ujasiri
brave	jasiri
bravery	ujasiri
brawl	shawl
brawn	brawn
brazen	shaba
breach	uvunjaji
bread	mkate
breadth	upana
break	kuvunja
breakable	kuharibika
breakaway	kuvunjika
breakdown	kuvunja
breaker	mvunjaji
breakers	wavunjaji
breakfast	kifungua kinywa
breaking and entering	kuvunja na kuingia
breakingnews	kuvunja habari
breakneck	breakneck
breakthrough	mafanikio
breakup	kuvunja
breast	Titi
breath	pumzi
breathe	kupumua
breather	mavuno
breathless	kupumua
breathtaking	kupumua
breech	baharini
breeches	breeches
breed	kuzaliana
breeder	breeder
breeding	kuzaliana
breeze	hewa
breezy	hupendeza
brethren	ndugu zangu
breve	NO TRANSLATION
brevity	brevity
brew	pombe
brewery	bia
brewing	pombe
briar	briar
bribe	rushwa
bribery	rushwa
brick	matofali
bridal	harusi
bride	bibi
bridegroom	bwana arusi
bridesmaid	bridesmaid
bridge	daraja
bridle	tamu
brief	kifupi
briefcase	kikapu
briefing	mkutano
briefly	kwa ufupi
brig	brig
brigade	brigade
bright	mkali
brighten	onyesha
brightens	huangaza
brighter	nyepesi
brightness	mwangaza
brilliance	uzuri
brilliant	kipaji
brim	brim
brimming	brimming
brimstone	kiberiti
brine	brine
bring	kuleta
brink	ukingo
brisk	hupasuka
brisket	brisket
bristle	bristle
brittle	tamaa
bro	bro
broach	broach
broad	pana
broadcast	kutangaza
broadcasting	utangazaji
broaden	kupanua
broadside	upana
broadsword	broadsword
brocade	shika
broccoli	broccoli
brochure	brosha
broil	piga
broke	kuvunja
broken	kuvunjwa
brokenheart	NO TRANSLATION
brokenhearted	kuvunjwa moyo
broker	broker
brokerage	udalali
bromide	bromidi
bronco	bronco
bronze	shaba
brooch	brooch
brood	ndugu
brooding	kukua
brook	kijito
broom	broom
broomstick	broomstick
broth	mchuzi
brothel	shaba
brother	ndugu
brotherhood	udugu
brotherly	ndugu
brow	paji la uso
brown	kahawia
brownstone	brownstone
browse	kuvinjari
brrr	brrr
bruise	kuponda
bruising	kuua
brunch	brunch
brunette	brunette
brunt	uvunjaji
brush	brashi
brutal	kikatili
brutality	ukatili
brute	kibaya
brutish	wajinga
bubble	Bubble
bubbling	kupiga
bubbly	bubbly
bubonic	Bubonic
buck	buck
buckaroo	buckaroo
bucket	ndoo
buckle	buckle
buckled	buckled
bucko	bucko
buckshot	buckshot
buckwheat	buckwheat
bud	bud
buddha	buddha
buddhism	buddhism
buddhist	buddhist
budding	budding
buddy	buddy
budge	budge
budget	bajeti
buff	buff
buffalo	Nyati
buffer	buffer
buffering	kuvuta
buffet	buffet
buffoon	buffoon
bug	mdudu
bugaboo	bugaboo
bugged	bugged
bugger	bugger
buggy	buggy
bugle	chupa
bugler	mdudu
build	jenga
builder	wajenzi
building	kujenga
buildings	majengo
buildup	jenga
bulb	bulbu
bulbous	bulbous
bulge	pigo
bulimic	bulimic
bulk	wingi
bulkhead	bulkhead
bulky	bulky
bull	ng'ombe
bulldog	bulldog
bulldozer	bulldozer
bullet	risasi
bulletin	taarifa
bulletproof	bulletproof
bullfighter	ng'ombe
bullfrog	bullfrog
bullheaded	viboko
bullhorn	bullhorn
bullion	bullion
bullock	ng'ombe
bullpen	bullpen
bullshit	ng'ombe
bully	mkaidi
bulwark	kijani
bum	bum
bumblebee	bumblebee
bummed	bumbu
bummer	bummer
bump	mapema
bumper	bumper
bumpy	bunduki
bun	NO TRANSLATION
bunch	kikundi
bundle	kifungu
bungalow	Bungalow
bungee	bungee
bunghole	bunghole
bunion	bunion
bunk	bunk
bunker	bunker
bunkhouse	bunkhouse
bunny	bunny
bunt	utetezi
buoy	buoy
buoyancy	buoyancy
buoyant	buoyant
bur	bur
burden	mzigo
burdened	mzigo
burdensome	mzigo
bureau	ofisi
bureaucracy	urasimu
bureaucrat	bureaucrat
bureaucratic	ukiritimba
burger	Burger
burglar	mwizi
burglary	burglary
burial	kuzika
buried	kuzikwa
burke	burke
burlap	mkojo
burlesque	burlesque
burly	burly
burn	choma
burned	kuchomwa moto
burner	burner
burning	kuwaka
burnished	kuchomwa
burnout	kuchoma
burnt	kuteketezwa
burp	burp
burr	burr
burrito	burrito
burro	NO TRANSLATION
burrow	kupiga
bursary	bursary
burst	kupasuka
bury	piga
bus	basi
busboy	busboy
bush	kichaka
bushel	bunduki
bushy	bushy
business	biashara
business man	NO TRANSLATION
businessman	mfanyabiashara
businesswoman	mfanyabiashara
busload	basi
buss	buss
bust	koroga
busted	busted
buster	buster
bustle	mzuri
bustling	bustling
busy	busy
busybody	busybody
butane	butane
butcher	mchezaji
butler	mchungaji
butt	kitako
butter	siagi
buttercup	buttercup
butterfly	kipepeo
buttermilk	siagi
butterscotch	butterscotch
buttery	buttery
buttock	kitambaa
buttocks	vifungo
button	kifungo
buttress	buttress
buxom	buxom
buy	kununua
buyer	mnunuzi
buying	kununua
buzz	buzz
buzzard	buzzard
buzzed	buzzed
buzzer	buzzer
buzzing	buzzing
bye	bye
bygone	ilishuka
bylaw	sheria
byline	onyesha
bypass	bypass
bystander	mwangalizi
byte	tote
byzantine	byzantine
cab	cab
cabal	cabal
cabana	cabana
cabaret	cabaret
cabbage	kabichi
cabbie	cabbie
cabernet	cabernet
cabin	cabin
cabinet	baraza la mawaziri
cable	cable
caboodle	caboodle
caboose	caboose
cabriolet	cabriolet
cache	cache
cacophony	cacophony
cactus	cactus
cad	cad
cadaver	mchezaji
caddie	NO TRANSLATION
caddy	caddy
cadence	upepo
cadet	cadet
cafe	cafe
cafeteria	mkahawa
caffeine	caffeine
cage	ngome
cagey	cagey
cahoots	viboko
cairn	cairn
cake	keki
cakewalk	cakewalk
calamari	calamari
calamitous	msiba
calamity	msiba
calcareous	calcareous
calcium	kalsiamu
calculate	hesabu
calculated	mahesabu
calculating	kuhesabu
calculation	hesabu
calculator	calculator
calculus	mahesabu
calendar	Kalenda
calender	NO TRANSLATION
calf	ndama
caliber	caliber
calibrate	calibrate
calico	calico
calipers	wahalifu
calisthenics	calisthenics
call	wito
callback	nipigie
caller	mpiga simu
calligraphy	kisasa
calling	wito
callous	Wasio
calls	wito
calm	utulivu
calming	kutuliza
calmness	utulivu
caloric	caloric
calorie	kalori
calorimeter	calorimeter
cam	cam
camaraderie	ushirika
camber	kamera
camcorder	camcorder
camel	ngamia
cameo	alikuja
camera	kamera
cameraman	kamera
camisole	camisole
camouflage	camouflage
camouflaged	NO TRANSLATION
camp	kambi
campaign	kampeni
campaigner	kampeni
campaigning	kampeni
camper	kambi
campfire	moto wa moto
camping	kambi
campsite	kambi
campus	chuo
can	unaweza
can opener	Inaweza kufungua
canal	mfereji
canary	canary
cancel	kufuta
canceling	kufuta
cancellation	kufuta
cancer	kansa
candid	mgombea
candidacy	ugombea
candidate	mgombea
candied	kupendezwa
candle	mshumaa
candlelight	mshumaa
candles	mishumaa
candlestick	kinara cha taa
candor	msamaha
candy	pipi
cane	miwa
canine	canine
canister	canister
canker	mchezaji
cannabis	cannabis
canned	makopo
cannibal	cannibal
cannibalism	uharibifu
canning	kupiga
cannon	kanuni
cannonball	cannonball
canoe	baharini
canon	canon
canonical	kisheria
canons	canons
canopy	kamba
cantaloupe	cantaloupe
cantbreathe	NO TRANSLATION
canteen	canteen
canterbury	canterbury
canthandleit	NO TRANSLATION
cantilever	cantilever
cantina	cantina
canto	NO TRANSLATION
canton	canton
cantstandit	NO TRANSLATION
cantwin	cantwin
canvas	canvas
canvass	NO TRANSLATION
canyon	korongo
cap	cap
capability	uwezo
capable	uwezo
capacity	uwezo
cape	cape
caper	caper
capillary	capillary
capital	mji mkuu
capitalism	ubepari
capitalist	kibepari
capitalize	capitalize
capitals	miji mikuu
capitation	capiting
capitol	capitol
capitulation	kutawala
cappuccino	cappuccino
caprice	caprice
capricious	hazipatikani
caps	kofia
capslock	herufi kubwa
capsule	capsule
captain	nahodha
caption	maelezo
captivate	captivate
captivating	kuvutia
captive	mateka
captivity	uhamisho
captor	captor
capture	kukamata
car	gari
caramel	caramel
carat	carat
caravan	msafara
carbon	kaboni
carburetor	carburetor
carcass	mzoga
carcinoma	carcinoma
card	kadi
cardboard	kadibodi
cardiac	moyo
cardigan	cardigan
cardinal	kardinali
cardiologist	mwanasaikolojia
cardiology	cardiology
cardiomyopathy	cardiomyopathy
cards	kadi
care	huduma
career	kazi
carefree	wasiwasi
careful	makini
carefully	kwa makini
careless	bila kujali
carelessness	kutojali
caress	caress
caret	huduma
caretaker	mlezi
cargo	mizigo
caribou	caribou
caricature	caricature
caries	husababisha
caring	kujali
carjack	gunia
carnage	mauaji
carnal	kimwili
carnation	mauaji
carnival	carnival
carnivorous	wenyeji
carol	carol
carols	carols
carousel	jukwa
carp	kamba
carpal	carpal
carpenter	mpangaji
carpentry	uchongaji
carpet	carpet
carpeting	kupiga
carpool	carpool
carriage	gari
carried	kufanyika
carrier	carrier
carrot	karoti
carry	kubeba
carrying	kubeba
carsick	magariick
cart	gari
carte	NO TRANSLATION
cartel	cartel
carter	carter
cartilage	cartilage
cartographic	cartographic
cartography	kupiga picha
carton	carton
cartoon	cartoon
cartouche	NO TRANSLATION
cartridge	cartridge
carve	Chonga
carver	mpigaji
carving	kuchora
cascade	tamaa
case	kesi
casein	casein
cash	fedha
cashier	cashier
cashmere	cashmere
casing	casing
casino	casino
cask	cask
casket	casket
casserole	casserole
cassette	kanda
cast	kutupwa
castaway	kutupwa mbali
caste	piga
caster	caster
castle	ngome
castor	castor
castrate	castrate
castration	kutupwa
casual	kawaida
casually	kwa kawaida
casualty	majeruhi
cat	paka
catabolism	catabolism
catalog	orodha
catalogue	orodha
catalysis	catalysis
catalyst	kichocheo
catalytic	kichocheo
catamaran	catamarani
catapult	manati
cataract	cataract
catastrophe	janga
catastrophic	janga
catatonic	catatonic
catch	catch
catcher	mchezaji
catching	kuambukizwa
catchphrase	catchphrase
catchy	kuvutia
catechism	Katekisimu
categorical	kikundi
category	kikundi
cater	kuhudumia
caterer	mpataji
caterpillar	kiwa
cates	matangazo
catfish	samaki
cathartic	cathartic
cathedral	kanisa kuu
catheter	catheter
catholic	katoliki
cathouse	cathouse
catnip	kunyakua
cattle	ng'ombe
catwalk	panga
caucus	caucus
caudal	caudal
cauldron	chupa
cauliflower	kibolili
caulk	caulk
causal	causal
causality	sababu
causation	sababu
cause	kusababisha
caused	unasababishwa
causeway	barabara
caution	tahadhari
cautionary	tahadhari
cautious	tahadhari
cautiously	tahadhari
cavalier	mpiganaji
cavalry	farasi
cave	pango
caveat	pango
caveman	caveman
cavern	cavern
cavernous	cavernous
caviar	caviar
caving	kuokoa
cavity	cavity
cayenne	cayenne
cease	kusitisha
ceasefire	kusitisha moto
ceaseless	imekoma
cedar	mwerezi
cede	cede
ceiling	dari
celebrant	kusherehekea
celebrate	kusherehekea
celebrated	sherehe
celebrating	kusherehekea
celebration	sherehe
celebrations	maadhimisho
celebratory	sherehe
celebrity	mtu Mashuhuri
celery	celery
celestial	mbinguni
celibacy	upandaji
celibate	kamba
cell	kiini
cellar	pishi
cellblock	kizuizi
cellist	kiini
cellmate	tumia
cello	cello
cellophane	cellophane
cellular	simu
cellulite	cellulite
celluloid	celluloid
cement	saruji
cemented	saruji
cemetery	makaburi
censor	censor
censorship	udhibiti
censure	censure
census	sensa
cent	cent
centenary	centenary
centennial	centennial
center	kituo
centerfold	kuingilia kati
centerpiece	kituo cha katikati
centimeter	sentimita
centipede	centipede
central	kati
centrality	centrality
centralization	centralization
centralize	kuzingatia
centrally	katikati
centrifugal	centrifugal
centrifuge	centrifuge
centurion	centurion
century	karne
ceramic	kauri
ceramics	keramik
cereal	nafaka
cereals	nafaka
cerebral	ubongo
ceremonial	sherehe
ceremony	sherehe
certain	fulani
certainty	uhakika
certifiable	kuthibitishwa
certificate	cheti
certified	kuthibitishwa
certify	kuthibitisha
cervical	kizazi
cervix	kizazi
cess	cess
cessation	kukoma
cesspool	cesspool
cha cha	NO TRANSLATION
chaff	makapi
chafing	chafing
chagrin	chagrin
chagrined	kuadhibiwa
chai	chai
chain	mnyororo
chainsaw	chainsaw
chair	mwenyekiti
chairman	mwenyekiti
chairperson	mwenyekiti
chairwoman	mwenyekiti
chaise	chaise
chalet	kambi
chalice	chalice
chalk	chaki
challenge	changamoto
challenger	mpinzani
chamber	chumba
chambermaid	chambermaid
chambers	vyumba
chameleon	chameleon
champ	shamba
champagne	champagne
champion	bingwa
championship	michuano
chance	nafasi
chancellor	Kansela
chandelier	chandelier
chandler	chandler
change	mabadiliko
changeable	kubadilika
changed	iliyopita
changer	kubadilisha
changing	kubadilisha
channel	kituo
chant	mimba
chaos	machafuko
chaotic	machafuko
chap	chap
chapel	chapel
chaperon	kiongozi
chaplain	mwalimu
chapman	chapman
chaps	chaps
chapter	sura
char	char
character	tabia
characteristic	tabia
characterize	tabia
charade	mchezaji
charcoal	mkaa
chardonnay	chardonnay
charge	malipo
chargeable	inayoweza kulipwa
charger	Chaja
chariot	gari
charisma	charisma
charismatic	charismatic
charitable	misaada
charity	upendo
charlatan	charlatan
charm	charm
charmed	imefungwa
charmer	mpangaji
charming	haibadilika
charred	ilipangwa
chart	chati
charter	mkataba
chartered	iliyopangwa
chase	kufuata
chased	kufukuzwa
chaser	chaser
chasm	shimo
chassis	chasisi
chaste	safi
chastened	aliadhibiwa
chastisement	adhabu
chastity	usafi
chat	sungumza
chateau	chateau
chatter	chatter
chatterbox	lebo ya mazungumzo
chattering	kuzungumza
chatty	chatty
chauffeur	mkufunzi
chauvinist	chauvinist
cheap	nafuu
cheapened	haipatikani
cheapskate	nafuu
cheat	kudanganya
cheater	kusita
check	angalia
checkbook	kijitabu
checker	kuangalia
checkered	checkered
checkers	checkers
checklist	orodha
checkmate	kuangalia
checkout	Angalia
checkpoint	kuangalia
checkup	kuchunguza
cheek	shavu
cheeks	mashavu
cheeky	cheeky
cheep	cheep
cheer	furaha
cheered	furaha
cheerful	furaha
cheerfulness	furaha
cheering	furaha
cheerleader	cheerleader
cheerleading	cheerleading
cheerless	wasio na furaha
cheers	furaha
cheery	sherehe
cheese	jibini
cheeseburger	cheeseburger
cheesecake	cheesecake
cheesy	cheesy
cheetah	cheta
chef	chef
chemical	kemikali
chemise	NO TRANSLATION
chemist	kemia
chemistry	kemia
chemo	chemo
chemotherapy	chemotherapy
cheque	angalia
cherish	cherish
cherishing	kuvutia
cherry	cherry
cherub	kerubi
chess	chess
chest	kifua
chestnut	chestnut
chevron	chevron
chew	kutafuna
chewy	chewy
chic	chic
chicane	chicane
chick	kuku
chicken	kuku
chicken pox	tetekuwanga
chickenpox	tetekuwanga
chief	mkuu
chiefly	hasa
chieftain	kiongozi
chiffon	chiffon
child	mtoto
childbirth	kuzaa
childhood	utoto
childish	mtoto
childless	hawana watoto
childlike	kama mtoto
childloss	NO TRANSLATION
children	watoto
chili	pilipili
chill	tamaa
chilled	zimehifadhiwa
chilling	kuchia
chilly	hasira
chime	chime
chimera	chimera
chimes	chimes
chimney	chimney
chimp	chimp
chimpanzee	chimpanzee
chin	kiti
china	China
chinchilla	chinchilla
chine	NO TRANSLATION
chinook	chinook
chip	Chip
chipmunk	chipmunk
chipper	chipper
chipping	kupiga
chiropractor	chiropractor
chirp	piga
chirping	kupiga
chisel	chisel
chiseler	chiseler
chit	chit
chitchat	chitchat
chivalry	chivalry
chloride	kloridi
chlorine	klorini
chloroform	chloroform
chocolate	chokoleti
choice	uchaguzi
choir	chora
choke	kuvuta
cholera	kolera
cholesterol	cholesterol
choose	kuchagua
choosing	kuchagua
choosy	choosy
chop	kula
chopper	chopper
choppers	choppers
chopping	kupiga
chops	chops
choral	choral
chord	chord
chords	chords
chore	chore
choreographer	choreographer
choreography	choreography
chorus	chorus
chosen	waliochaguliwa
chow	chow
chowder	chowder
christ	christ
christen	NO TRANSLATION
christening	christening
christian	Kikristo
christmas	Krismasi
christmasbreak	NO TRANSLATION
christmaseve	NO TRANSLATION
christmasspirit	NO TRANSLATION
christmassy	christmassy
christmastime	Krismasi
chromatic	chromatic
chromatography	chromatografia
chrome	chrome
chromium	chromium
chromosome	chromosomu
chronic	sugu
chronicle	mwandishi
chronograph	kronograph
chronological	kigeolojia
chubby	chubby
chuck	chuck
chuckle	chuckle
chug	chug
chum	chum
chummy	chummy
chump	chump
chunk	chunk
chunky	chunky
church	kanisa
churchyard	kanisa la kanisa
churn	churn
chute	chute
chutney	chutney
ciao	ciao
cider	cider
cigar	sigara
cigarette	sigara
cilantro	cilantro
cinch	sinema
cinder	cinder
cinema	sinema
cinematic	sinema
cinematographer	sinema ya sinema
cinematography	sinema
cinnamon	mdalasini
cipher	cipher
circle	mzunguko
circling	kutembea
circuit	mzunguko
circuitry	mzunguko
circular	mviringo
circulate	kusambaza
circulation	mzunguko
circulatory	mzunguko
circumcision	kutahiriwa
circumference	mzunguko
circumferential	circumferential
circumscribed	circumscribed
circumstance	hali
circumstances	hali
circumstantial	kimazingira
circumvent	kukimbia
circumvention	kupinga
circus	circus
cirque	cirque
cirrhosis	cirrhosis
cirrus	cirrus
cistern	tangi
citadel	kijiji
citation	citation
cite	taja
citizen	raia
citizenship	uraia
citrine	citrine
citrus	machungwa
city	jiji
citywide	mji kote
civic	kiraia
civics	kiraia
civil	kiraia
civilian	raia
civilians	raia
civility	uraia
civilization	ustaarabu
civilized	ustaarabu
clad	wamepigwa
claim	kudai
claimant	mdai
clairvoyant	clairvoyant
clam	clam
clambake	clambake
clammy	clammy
clamor	kupiga kelele
clamp	clamp
clan	ukoo
clandestine	kinyume cha siri
clang	clang
clap	piga
clapper	clapper
clapping	kupiga makofi
clarification	ufafanuzi
clarify	kufafanua
clarinet	clarinet
clarion	ufafanuzi
clarity	uwazi
clash	mgongano
clashing	kupiga
clasp	clasp
class	darasa
classic	classic
classic rock	mwamba wa kawaida
classical	classical
classics	classic
classification	uainishaji
classified	imewekwa
classify	taa
classmate	mwanafunzi wa darasa
classroom	darasa
classy	classy
clatter	clatter
clause	kifungu
clauses	kifungu
claustrophobia	claustrophobia
claustrophobic	claustrophobic
clavicle	clavicle
claw	claw
claws	makucha
clay	udongo
clean	safi
cleaner	safi
cleaning	kusafisha
cleanliness	usafi
cleanly	safi
cleanse	safisha
cleanser	mtakaso
cleansing	kutakasa
cleanup	Safisha
clear	wazi
clearance	kibali
clearing	kusafisha
clearness	uwazi
cleat	cleat
cleavage	cleavage
cleave	funga
cleaver	NO TRANSLATION
clef	clef
cleft	cleft
clemency	upole
clench	clench
clergy	wachungaji
clergyman	mchungaji
cleric	mwalimu
clerical	makanisa
clerk	karani
clerkship	kanisa
clever	wajanja
cleverness	ujanja
click	bonyeza
clicker	clicker
client	mteja
clientele	wateja
cliff	cliff
climate	hali ya hewa
climatology	hali ya hewa
climax	kilele
climb	kupanda
climber	mchezaji
clinch	kliniki
cling	kushikamana
clingy	clingy
clinic	kliniki
clinical	kliniki
clink	clink
clip	kipande cha picha
clipboard	clipboard
clipper	Mchezaji
clipping	kupiga
clique	NO TRANSLATION
clitoris	clitoris
cloak	nguo
cloaking	kuvaa
cloakroom	cloakroom
clobber	kitambaa
clock	saa
clockwork	saa ya saa
clod	kanda
clog	kamba
cloister	cloister
clone	fanya
cloning	cloning
close	karibu
closed	imefungwa
closeness	ukaribu
closet	chumbani
closure	kufungwa
clot	kamba
cloth	nguo
clothe	vaa
clothes	nguo
clothesline	nguo ya nguo
clothing	nguo
cloud	wingu
clouded	imefungwa
cloudiness	ukiwa
clouds	mawingu
cloudy	mawingu
clout	funga
clove	kamba
clover	clover
cloves	karafuu
clown	clown
clowns	clowns
club	klabu
clubhouse	clubhouse
clubs	vilabu
cluck	cluck
clue	kidokezo
clueless	clueless
clump	clump
clumsy	cumsy
clunk	piga
cluster	kikundi
clutch	clutch
clutches	vifungo
clutter	clutter
coach	kocha
coachman	kocha
coagulation	kuchanganya
coal	makaa ya mawe
coalesce	coalesce
coalition	muungano
coarse	coarse
coast	pwani
coastal	pwani
coaster	coaster
coastline	pwani
coat	kanzu
coating	mipako
coax	coax
cobalt	cobalt
cobble	cobble
cobbler	cobbler
cobra	cobra
cocaine	cocaine
cock	jogoo
cockamamie	cockamamie
cockeyed	cockeyed
cockpit	cockpit
cockroach	cockroach
cocksucker	cocksucker
cocktail	cocktail
cocky	cocky
cocoa	kakao
coconut	nazi
cocoon	kaka
cod	cod
code	msimbo
codeine	codeine
codex	codex
codfish	codfish
codification	kuimarisha
codify	codify
coding	coding
coed	coed
coefficient	mgawo
coerce	kulazimisha
coercion	kulazimishwa
coercive	kulazimishwa
coexist	coexist
coexistence	ushirikiano
coexisting	kushirikiana
coffee	kahawa
coffee table	meza ya kahawa
coffeehouse	Mkahawa
coffeepot	kahawa
coffin	jeneza
cog	cog
cogent	wenye ujuzi
cognac	cognac
cognate	tambua
cognition	utambuzi
cognitive	utambuzi
cohabitation	cohabitation
coherence	ushirikiano
coherent	sambamba
cohesion	mshikamano
cohesive	ushirikiano
cohort	kikundi
coil	coil
coiled	coiled
coin	sarafu
coinage	sarafu
coincide	sanjari
coincidence	bahati mbaya
coincident	sarafu
coincidental	sanjari
coinciding	kuzingatia
coke	coke
cola	cola
cold	baridi
coldly	baridi
coldness	baridi
coldsweat	NO TRANSLATION
coleslaw	coleslaw
colic	colic
coliseum	coliseum
collaborate	ushirikiana
collaboration	ushirikiano
collaborator	mshirika
collage	collage
collagen	collagen
collapse	kuanguka
collar	kola
collarbone	collarbone
collate	kusanya
collateral	dhamana
collation	kuchanganya
colleague	mwenzake
collect	kukusanya
collected	zilizokusanywa
collection	ukusanyaji
collective	pamoja
collectively	kwa pamoja
collector	mtoza
college	chuo
collegiate	wenzake
collide	piga
collie	collie
collision	mgongano
collocation	ushirikiano
colloquial	colloquial
collusion	ushirikiano
cologne	cologne
colon	koloni
colonel	Kanali
colonial	kikoloni
colonic	koloniki
colonoscopy	colonoscopy
colony	koloni
colophon	rangi
color	rangi
coloration	rangi
colored	rangi
colorful	rangi
coloring	kuchorea
colorless	bila rangi
colors	rangi
colossal	rangi
colt	punda
columbine	columbine
column	safu
columnar	columnar
columnist	mwandishi wa habari
com	NO TRANSLATION
coma	coma
comatose	kinyume
comb	sura
combat	kupambana
combatant	mpiganaji
combative	kupigana
combination	mchanganyiko
combinatorial	ushirikiano
combine	kuchanganya
combined	pamoja
combo	combo
combustible	inayowaka
combustion	mwako
come	kuja
comeback	kurudi
comedian	mchezaji
comedy	comedy
comet	comet
comfort	faraja
comfortable	vizuri
comforter	mfariji
comforting	faraja
comfy	fanya
comic	comic
comical	unapenda
comics	Jumuia
coming	kuja
comma	soma
command	amri
commandant	amri
commandeer	amri
commander	kamanda
commanding	amri
commandment	amri
commando	commando
commemorate	kukumbuka
commemoration	maadhimisho
commemorative	kikumbusho
commence	kuanza
commend	toa
commendable	kupendekezwa
commendation	sifa
commensurate	inasababisha
comment	maoni
commentary	ufafanuzi
commentator	mtangazaji
commerce	biashara
commercial	biashara
commie	commie
commissary	commissary
commission	tume
commissioner	kamishna
commit	fanya
commitment	kujitolea
committal	kufanya kazi
committed	nia
committee	kamati
commodity	bidhaa
commodore	commodore
common	kawaida
commoner	commoner
commonly	kawaida
commonplace	kawaida
commons	commons
commonwealth	jumuiya ya kawaida
commotion	mshtuko
communal	jumuiya
commune	mjini
communicable	inayoweza kuambukizwa
communicate	kuwasiliana
communication	mawasiliano
communicative	mawasiliano
communicator	mawasiliano
communion	ushirika
communism	Kikomunisti
communist	kikomunisti
community	jumuiya
commutation	kubadilisha
commutative	uamuzi
commute	safari
commuter	mkimbiaji
comp	comp
compact	compact
compaction	compaction
compactness	ushirikiano
companion	rafiki
companionless	rafiki
companionship	ushirika
company	kampuni
comparable	kulinganishwa
comparative	kulinganisha
comparatively	kulinganisha
compare	kulinganisha
comparison	kulinganisha
compartment	compartment
compass	dira
compassion	huruma
compassionate	huruma
compatibility	utangamano
compatible	sambamba
compel	kulazimisha
compelled	kulazimika
compelling	kulazimisha
compendium	kiambatanisho
compensate	fidia
compensation	fidia
compensatory	fidia
compete	kushindana
competence	uwezo
competency	ustadi
competent	wenye uwezo
competition	ushindani
competitive	ushindani
competitor	mshindani
compilation	ushirikiano
compile	kukusanya
complacency	kukata tamaa
complacent	wasiwasi
complain	kulalamika
complaint	malalamiko
complement	kuongezea
complementary	complementary
complete	kamili
completed	kukamilika
completely	kabisa
completeness	ukamilifu
completing	kukamilisha
completion	kukamilika
complex	tata
complexed	zimefungwa
complexion	rangi
complexity	utata
compliance	kufuata
compliant	inavyotakiwa
complicate	magumu
complicated	ngumu
complication	matatizo
complicity	ngumu
compliment	NO TRANSLATION
complimentary	complimentary
comply	kuzingatia
complying	kuzingatia
compo	compo
component	sehemu
compose	tunga
composed	linajumuisha
composer	mtunzi
composite	Composite
composition	utungaji
compost	mbolea
composure	usumbufu
compound	kiwanja
comprehend	kuelewa
comprehension	ufahamu
comprehensive	kina
compress	compress
compressed	alisisitiza
compressible	compressible
compression	compression
compressor	compressor
comprise	jumuisha
compromise	maelewano
comptroller	mtawala
compulsion	kulazimishwa
compulsive	kulazimishwa
compulsory	lazima
computable	inachukuliwa
computation	hesabu
compute	fanya
computer	kompyuta
computerized	kompyuta
computing	kompyuta
comrade	rafiki
con	NO TRANSLATION
concatenation	concatenation
concave	concave
conceal	kujificha
concealed	siri
concealment	siri
concede	tuma
conceit	kujifanya
conceited	kiburi
conceivable	kufikiriwa
conceive	mimba
concentrate	makini
concentration	mkusanyiko
concentric	makini
concept	dhana
conception	mimba
concern	wasiwasi
concerned	wasiwasi
concert	tamasha
concerto	tamasha
concession	makubaliano
concessional	concessional
conch	kondomu
concierge	concierge
conciliation	upatanisho
concise	kifupi
conclave	conclave
conclude	kuhitimisha
concluding	kumalizia
conclusion	hitimisho
conclusive	mkamilifu
concoction	concoction
concomitant	concomitant
concord	mkataba
concordance	concordance
concours	NO TRANSLATION
concourse	mashindano
concrete	saruji
concubine	masuria
concur	kukubaliana
concurrence	kukubaliana
concurrent	mkondoni
concurring	inakabiliana
concussion	mazungumzo
condemn	kulaani
condemnation	hukumu
condensation	condensation
condensed	kufutwa
condescending	kujishusha
condescension	kujishughulisha
condiment	kondomu
condition	hali
conditional	masharti
conditionally	kimwili
conditioned	imefungwa
conditioner	kiyoyozi
conditioning	hali
conditions	hali
condo	kondomu
condolence	condolence
condolences	matumaini
condom	kondomu
condone	tamaa
condor	condor
conducive	mazuri
conduct	kufanya
conduction	conduction
conductivity	conductivity
conductor	kondakta
conduit	daraja
cone	koni
confederacy	ushirika
confederate	wameungana
confederation	ushirika
confer	kutoa
conference	mkutano
confess	kukiri
confession	kuungama
confessional	kukiri
confessions	kibali
confetti	confetti
confidant	siri
confide	furu
confidence	kujiamini
confident	ujasiri
confidential	siri
confidentiality	siri
confidentially	NO TRANSLATION
configuration	Configuration
confine	funga
confined	imefungwa
confinement	kifungo
confines	huzuia
confirm	kuthibitisha
confirmation	uthibitisho
confirmatory	kuthibitisha
confirmed	imethibitishwa
confiscate	kuchukua
confiscation	kufungwa
conflagration	kupigwa
conflict	migogoro
conflicting	inakabiliana
confluence	confluence
conform	kuzingatia
conformance	conformance
conformation	NO TRANSLATION
conformity	kufanana
confound	tamaa
confounded	aibu
confront	kukabiliana
confrontation	mapambano
confuse	kuchanganya
confused	changanyikiwa
confusing	kuchanganya
confusion	mkanganyiko
conga	conga
congenial	congenial
congenital	kuzaliwa
congestion	msongamano
conglomerate	conglomerate
conglomeration	conglomomeration
congrats	Hongera
congratulate	pongezi
congratulation	Hongera
congratulations	pongezi
congratulatory	shukrani
congregate	kusanyika
congregation	kutaniko
congress	congress
congressional	congressional
congressman	congressman
congruence	kikundi
conic	conic
conical	conical
conjecture	dhana
conjugal	mjane
conjugate	kuunganisha
conjugation	kuunganishwa
conjunction	ushirikiano
conjunctive	kikamilifu
conjure	piga
conjuring	kutawala
conk	conk
connect	kuungana
connected	imeunganishwa
connection	uhusiano
connective	inayojulikana
connoisseur	mvumbuzi
conquer	kushinda
conquering	kushinda
conqueror	mshindi
conquest	ushindi
conscience	dhamira
conscientious	kwa ujasiri
conscious	Fahamu
consciousness	fahamu
conscription	uandikishaji
consecrated	takatifu
consecration	utakaso
consecutive	mfululizo
consensual	upatanisho
consensus	makubaliano
consent	idhini
consenting	kukubaliana
consequence	matokeo
consequent	matokeo
conservation	uhifadhi
conservatism	conservatism
conservative	kihafidhina
conservatory	kihifadhi
conserve	kuhifadhi
consider	fikiria
considerable	kubwa
considerate	kuzingatia
consideration	kuzingatia
consignee	Msaidizi
consignment	usafirishaji
consist	shiriki
consistency	msimamo
consistent	thabiti
consolation	faraja
console	console
consoled	imetumwa
consolidate	kuimarisha
consolidated	imetungwa
consolidation	kuimarisha
consonant	consonant
consort	mshiriki
conspicuous	inayoonekana
conspiracy	njama
conspirator	mkimbizi
conspire	Mpango
constable	jitihada
constancy	mara kwa mara
constant	mara kwa mara
constantly	daima
constellation	nyota
consternation	kuvuta
constipation	kuvimbiwa
constituency	jimbo
constituent	jimbo
constituents	majimbo
constitute	kuunda
constitution	katiba
constitutional	kikatiba
constitutionality	kikatiba
constrain	kulazimisha
constrained	imesimamishwa
constraint	kikwazo
construct	kujenga
construction	ujenzi
constructive	kujenga
construe	kuzingatia
consul	mshauri
consulate	ubalozi
consult	shauriana
consultant	mshauri
consultation	kushauriana
consume	kula
consumer	watumiaji
consuming	zinazotumiwa
consummate	ufanyikaji
consummation	matumizi
consumption	matumizi
contact	wasiliana
contagion	kuambukizwa
contagious	kuambukiza
contain	vyenye
container	chombo
containment	vyenye
contaminate	uchafua
contaminated	yaliyotokana
contamination	uchafuzi
contemplate	kutafakari
contemplation	kutafakari
contemplative	kutafakari
contemporaneous	mfululizo
contemporary	kisasa
contempt	dharau
contemptible	wanadharauliwa
contemptuous	wanadharau
contend	shindana
contender	mgongano
contending	kushindana
content	maudhui
contented	yamependekezwa
contention	mjadala
contentious	mjadala
contentment	kuridhika
contents	yaliyomo
contest	mashindano
contestant	mgombea
context	muktadha
contiguous	inafaa
continence	continence
continent	bara
continental	bara
contingency	vikwazo
contingent	sambamba
continual	daima
continually	daima
continuance	kuendelea
continuation	kuendelea
continue	endelea
continued	iliendelea
continuing	kuendelea
continuity	kuendelea
continuous	kuendelea
continuously	kuendelea
continuum	kuendelea
contour	contour
contraband	kinyume
contraception	uzazi wa mpango
contract	mkataba
contracted	mkataba
contractile	mkataba
contracting	kuambukizwa
contraction	kupinga
contractor	Mkandarasi
contradict	inashindana
contradiction	utata
contradictory	kinyume
contraption	kupinga
contrary	kinyume chake
contrast	Tofauti
contrasted	ikilinganishwa
contravene	hupinga
contravention	kupinga
contribute	kuchangia
contribution	mchango
contributor	mchangiaji
contrite	hutafsiriwa
contrition	uvunjaji
contrived	yalijitokeza
control	kudhibiti
controller	mtawala
controlling	kudhibiti
controversial	utata
controversy	mzozo
contusion	mchanganyiko
conundrum	mkondoni
convalescent	convalescent
convection	convection
convene	tungana
convenience	urahisi
conveniences	urahisi
convenient	rahisi
convent	mkutano
convention	mkataba
conventional	kawaida
converge	kugeuza
convergence	kuungana
convergent	huenda
conversant	wanazungumza
conversation	mazungumzo
conversational	mazungumzo
conversationalist	kizungumza
converse	kuzungumza
conversing	kuzungumza
conversion	uongofu
convert	kubadili
converted	waliongozwa
convertible	kubadilishwa
convex	mkondoni
convexity	ujasiri
convey	kuwasilisha
conveyance	uhamisho
conveyancing	kuhamasisha
convict	mtuhumiwa
conviction	hukumu
convince	kuwashawishi
convinced	wanaaminika
convincing	kushawishi
convocation	kusanyiko
convoluted	kufutwa
convolution	convolution
convoy	convoy
coo	coo
cook	kupika
cookbook	kitabu cha kupikia
cooker	mpishi
cookery	kioo
cookie	cookie
cookies	biskuti
cooking	kupikia
cookout	cookout
cool	baridi
coolant	baridi
cooler	baridi
cooling	baridi
coolness	baridi
coon	coon
coop	kok
cooperate	kushirikiana
cooperating	kushirikiana
cooperation	ushirikiano
cooperative	ushirika
coordinate	kuratibu
coordination	uratibu
coordinator	mratibu
cop	mpiganaji
copacetic	NO TRANSLATION
cope	shika
copier	mwandishi
copilot	kielelezo
coping	kukabiliana
copious	mkosaji
copper	shaba
copter	copter
copy	nakala
copycat	copycat
copying	kuiga
copyright	hati miliki
coral	matumbawe
coral snake	nyoka ya matumbawe
cord	kamba
cordial	mzuri
cordless	cordless
cordon	cordon
corduroy	corduroy
core	msingi
cork	cork
corkscrew	mchumbaji
corn	mahindi
cornball	cornball
cornbread	kiboko
cornea	kornea
corned	pembe
corner	kona
cornerstone	Jiwe la pembeni
cornet	cornet
cornfield	shamba la mahindi
cornflakes	NO TRANSLATION
cornice	cornice
cornstarch	cornstarch
corny	corny
corollary	corollary
corona	corona
coronary	kondoni
coronation	maadili
coroner	coroner
corporal	shirika
corporate	ushirika
corporation	shirika
corporeal	kimwili
corps	miili
corpse	maiti
corpsman	mfanyakazi
corpus	corpus
corral	corral
correct	sahihi
correction	marekebisho
correctional	marekebisho
corrective	kurekebisha
correctness	usahihi
correlation	uwiano
correlative	yanayohusiana
correspond	soma
correspondence	mawasiliano
correspondent	mwandishi
corresponding	sambamba
corridor	ukanda
corroborate	kuunga mkono
corroboration	ushirikiano
corrosion	kutu
corrosive	babuzi
corrupt	rushwa
corrupting	kuharibu
corruption	rushwa
corsage	corsage
corse	NO TRANSLATION
corset	corset
cortex	kamba
cortical	cortical
cortisone	cortisone
corvette	corvette
cosmetic	vipodozi
cosmetics	vipodozi
cosmic	cosmic
cosmology	cosmology
cosmopolitan	kisiasa
cosmos	cosmos
cost	gharama
costly	gharama kubwa
costume	nguo
cosy	mzuri
cot	kitanda
cote	cote
cottage	kottage
cotton	pamba
couch	kitanda
cougar	cougar
cough	kikohozi
council	baraza
councilman	mshauri
counsel	shauri
counseling	ushauri
counsellor	mshauri
counselor	mshauri
count	hesabu
countdown	kuhesabu
countenance	uso
counter	kukabiliana
counteract	kukabiliana
counterattack	counterattack
counterbalance	kupingana
counterclaim	kinyume cha sheria
counterfeit	bandia
counterpart	mwenzake
counterpoint	counterpoint
countess	hesabu
countless	isitoshe
country	nchi
countryman	mkulima
countrymusic	NO TRANSLATION
countryside	mashambani
counts	makosa
county	kata
coup	kupigana
coupe	kukata
couple	wanandoa
coupled	pamoja
coupling	kuunganisha
coupon	coupon
courage	ujasiri
courageous	ujasiri
courier	courier
courses	kozi
coursing	kuendesha
court	mahakama
courteous	heshima
courtesy	heshima
courthouse	mahakama
courtroom	chumba cha mahakama
courts	mahakama
courtship	uvunjaji
courtside	kando ya kando
courtyard	ua
cousin	binamu
cousins	binamu
cove	cove
coven	coven
covenant	agano
cover	funika
coverage	chanjo
covered	kufunikwa
covering	kifuniko
covert	covert
covet	tamaa
coveted	nia
cow	ng'ombe
coward	coward
cowardice	hofu
cowardly	mwoga
cowboy	cowboy
cowgirl	cowgirl
cowhand	cowhand
cowhide	chupa
cowl	ng'ombe
coworker	mfanyakazi mwenzako
coy	coy
coyote	coyote
cozy	mzuri
crab	kaa
crabby	kaa
crack	tanga
cracked	kupasuka
cracker	cracker
crackerjack	crackerjack
cracking	kufuta
crackle	fanya
crackpot	crackpot
cradle	utoto
craft	hila
crafts	ufundi
craftsman	mfanyakazi
craftsmanship	ufundi
crafty	hila
craig	craig
cram	cram
crammed	ilipigwa
cramp	kamba
cramped	kupunguzwa
cranberry	Cranberry
cranberry juice	juisi ya cranberry
crane	crane
cranial	kupungua
cranium	crani
crank	kamba
cranky	cranky
cranny	cranny
crap	kupamba
crappy	crappy
craps	hua
crash	ajali
crass	crass
crate	crate
crater	crater
crave	tamani
craving	hamu
crawfish	crawfish
crawl	kutambaa
crayon	crayoni
crayons	crayons
craze	tamaa
crazed	walipoteza
craziness	uvivu
crazy	wazimu
creak	creak
creaking	creaking
cream	cream
creamed	iliyopendekezwa
creamer	creamer
creamy	creamy
crease	tamaa
create	kuunda
creation	uumbaji
creative	ubunifu
creativity	ubunifu
creator	Muumba
creature	kiumbe
credence	kukubali
credential	sifa
credentials	sifa
credibility	uaminifu
credible	kuaminika
credit	mkopo
credit card	kadi ya mkopo
creditable	mkopo
credited	sifa
crediting	kutangaza
creditor	mkopo
creed	imani
creek	kivuko
creep	huenda
creeper	creeper
creeping	kitambaa
creepy	creepy
cremation	kukimbia
creole	creole
crepe	crepe
crescendo	crescendo
crescent	crescent
crest	crest
crestfallen	crestfallen
cretin	cretin
cretins	cretins
crevice	kamba
crew	wafanyakazi
crewman	mfanyakazi
crib	kikapu
cricket	kriketi
cried	kelele
crime	uhalifu
criminal	wahalifu
criminality	uhalifu
crimp	crimp
crimson	nyekundu
cringe	cringe
cripple	jeraha
crippled	mlemavu
crippling	kupooza
crisis	mgogoro
crisp	crisp
crispy	crispy
criterion	kigezo
critic	mkosoaji
critical	muhimu
criticise	kukosoa
criticism	upinzani
criticize	kukosoa
criticized	alikosoa
critique	kutafakari
critter	mkosaji
croak	croak
croc	croc
crock	crock
crockery	crockery
crocodile	mamba
croft	croft
croissant	croissant
crook	kukua
crooked	kupotoka
crop	mazao
croquet	croquet
cross	msalaba
cross country	msalaba nchi
crossbow	crossbow
crossed	walivuka
crossfire	kupiga moto
crossing	kuvuka
crossover	crossover
crosswalk	crosswalk
crossword	mstari
crotch	crotch
crouch	crouch
crouched	imechomwa
crouching	crouching
croupier	croupier
crow	kula
crowbar	kipanda
crowd	umati
crowded	inaishi
crowds	makundi
crown	taji
crowning	taji
crucial	muhimu
cruciate	cruciate
crucifix	msalaba
crucifixion	kusulubiwa
crucify	kusulubisha
crud	crud
crude	isiyo ya kawaida
cruel	mkatili
cruelly	kwa ukatili
cruelty	ukatili
cruise	cruise
cruise ship	meli ya safari
cruiser	cruiser
cruising	cruising
crumb	crumb
crumble	inapungua
crumbling	kupungua
crummy	crummy
crunch	kupungua
crunchy	mchanga
crusade	crusade
crusader	crusader
crush	kuponda
crushed	aliwaangamiza
crusher	crusher
crushing	kusagwa
crust	ukonde
crusty	crusty
crutch	crutch
crux	crux
cry	kilio
crybaby	kilio
crying	kilio
crypt	piga
cryptic	kilio
cryptography	kielelezo
crystal	kioo
crystalline	fuwele
crystallization	crystallization
cub	cub
cubby	cubby
cube	mchemraba
cubic	cubia
cubicle	cubicle
cuckold	cuckold
cuckoo	cuckoo
cucumber	tango
cuddle	cuddle
cuddled	cuddled
cuddles	pamba
cuddling	kukimbia
cue	cue
cuff	kamba
cuisine	vyakula
culinary	upishi
cull	cull
culminate	mwisho
culmination	mwisho
culpability	uhalifu
culpable	kuhukumiwa
culprit	mkosaji
cult	ibada
cultivate	kulima
cultivated	kulima
cultivation	ukulima
cultural	utamaduni
culture	utamaduni
cultured	cultured
culvert	culvert
cumbersome	ni mbaya
cumulus	cumulus
cunning	hila
cunt	kupiga
cup	kikombe
cupboard	kikombe
cupcake	kikombe
cupping	kupika
cur	kiti
curable	kuponya
curate	punguza
curative	kinga
curator	mkandarasi
curb	kupuuza
curd	panda
cure	tiba
curfew	kurudi nyumbani
curiosity	udadisi
curious	curious
curl	piga
curling	kupiga
currency	sarafu
current	sasa
curriculum	mtaala
curry	jaribu
curse	laana
cursed	alilaaniwa
cursing	kutukana
cursory	laana
curt	punguza
curtail	punguza
curtailment	uharibifu
curtain	pazia
curtains	mapazia
curtsy	curtsy
curvature	salama
curve	piga
curved	iliyopigwa
curvilinear	curvilinear
cushion	mto
cushy	cushy
cusp	cusp
cuss	cuss
cussed	ilipigwa
custard	custard
custodial	kuhifadhi
custodian	mtunzaji
custody	ulinzi
custom	desturi
customary	desturi
customer	wateja
customized	umeboreshwa
cut	kata
cutaneous	cutaneous
cute	cute
cuticle	cuticle
cutie	cutie
cutlass	kitambaa
cutlery	kata
cutoff	cutoff
cutter	cutter
cutters	wachunguzi
cutthroat	kukata
cutting	kukata
cutting board	kukata bodi
cuttings	vipandikizi
cwt	cwt
cyanide	cyanide
cyberspace	mtandao
cycle	mzunguko
cyclical	mzunguko
cyclist	baiskeli
cyclone	kimbunga
cylinder	silinda
cylindrical	cylindrical
cymbal	ngoma
cynic	cynic
cynical	kijinga
cynicism	kiburi
cyst	cyst
cystic	cystic
cytomegalovirus	cytomegalovirus
cytoplasm	cytoplasm
czar	mfalme
dab	dab
dabble	dabble
dabbling	kucheza
dad	baba
daddy	baba
dado	NO TRANSLATION
daemon	daemon
daft	daft
dagger	dagger
daily	kila siku
dainty	dainty
daiquiri	daiquiri
dairy	Maziwa
daisy	daisy
dak	NO TRANSLATION
dale	dale
dam	bwawa
damage	uharibifu
damaged	kuharibiwa
damages	uharibifu
dame	dame
damn	damn
damnation	uharibifu
damned	imeharibiwa
damp	uchafu
dampened	imeshuka
damper	damper
damsel	msichana
dance	ngoma
dancer	mchezaji
dancing	kucheza
dandruff	kukimbia
dandy	dandy
danger	hatari
dangerous	hatari
dangerously	hatari
dangit	NO TRANSLATION
dangle	dangle
dank	NO TRANSLATION
dapper	dapper
dare	kuthubutu
daredevil	daredevil
daresay	daresay
daring	wenye ujasiri
dark	giza
darken	giza
darkened	giza
darkly	giza
darkness	giza
darkroom	chumba cheusi
darkside	darkside
darling	mpenzi
darn	darn
dart	dart
dash	dash
dashboard	dashibodi
dashed	alipoteza
dashing	dashing
dastardly	dastardly
data	data
database	database
date	tarehe
datenight	NO TRANSLATION
daughter	binti
dawdle	dawdle
dawn	alfajiri
dawned	ilianza
day	siku
daybreak	mchana
daycare	huduma ya siku
daydream	siku
daydreaming	kutembea
daylight	mchana
daymade	NO TRANSLATION
dayoff	NO TRANSLATION
daytime	mchana
daze	tamaa
dazed	alishangaa
dazzle	onyesha
dazzling	kuvutia
deacon	dikoni
deactivate	onya
dead	wamekufa
deadbeat	mauti
deadline	tarehe ya mwisho
deadlines	muda wa mwisho
deadlock	tamaa
deadly	mauti
deaf	viziwi
deafening	kujisikia
deafness	usiwi
deal	toa
dealer	muuzaji
dealership	uuzaji
dealing	kushughulika
dealings	shughuli
dean	mwamini
dear	wapenzi
dearest	mpendwa
dearth	njaa
death	kifo
deathbed	kitanda cha kifo
deathly	kifo
debacle	tamaa
debased	ulipoteza
debatable	yanaweza kutendewa
debate	mjadala
debauchery	unyanyasaji
debenture	deni
debilitating	kudhoofisha
debit	debit
debrief	mjadala
debriefing	kutoa majadiliano
debris	uchafu
debt	deni
debtor	mdaiwa
debut	kwanza
debutante	debutante
decade	miaka kumi
decadence	uovu
decadent	uharibifu
decaf	kupungua
decanter	decanter
decathlon	decathlon
decay	kuoza
decayed	imeshuka
decaying	kuoza
deceased	amekufa
decedent	imekamilika
deceit	uongo
deceitful	udanganyifu
deceive	kudanganya
deceived	alidanganywa
deceiving	kudanganya
december	desemba
decency	ustadi
decent	heshima
deception	udanganyifu
deceptive	udanganyifu
decide	kuamua
decidedly	kwa uamuzi
deciduous	kuacha
decimal	Nukta
decimeter	decimeter
decipher	tambua
decision	uamuzi
decisive	maamuzi
deck	staha
declaration	tamko
declaratory	kutangaza
declare	tangaza
declination	kupungua
decline	kupungua
declining	kupungua
deco	deco
decode	onyesha
decoder	decoder
decompose	tamaa
decomposed	ilivunjika
decomposition	uharibifu
decompress	decompress
decompression	decompression
decontamination	kupasuka
decor	mapambo
decorate	kupamba
decorating	mapambo
decoration	mapambo
decorative	mapambo
decorator	decorator
decorum	kupamba
decoy	decoy
decrease	kupungua
decreased	ilipungua
decreasing	kupungua
decree	amri
decrement	mapendekezo
decrepit	kupunguzwa
decry	kuacha
decryption	decryption
dedicate	kujitolea
dedication	kujitolea
deduce	fanya
deduct	kuteka
deductible	hutolewa
deduction	punguzo
deed	tendo
deejay	deejay
deem	tazama
deep	kina
deepen	kuimarisha
deer	kulungu
defamation	kufutwa
defamatory	kufutwa
default	default
defeat	kushindwa
defeated	kushindwa
defeatist	mshindi
defect	kasoro
defection	kupinga
defective	halali
defector	defector
defend	kulinda
defendant	mshtakiwa
defended	alitetea
defender	mlinzi
defending	kutetea
defense	ulinzi
defenseless	kutetea
defensible	imetekelezwa
defensive	kujihami
defer	fungua
deference	kupinga
deferral	uhamisho
deferring	inarudi
defiance	upinzani
defiant	kibaya
defibrillator	defibrillator
deficiency	upungufu
deficient	haitoshi
deficit	upungufu
define	kufafanua
defined	inafafanuliwa
definite	kufafanua
definition	ufafanuzi
definitive	dhahiri
deflate	deflate
deflation	deflation
deflect	kufuta
deflection	kufuta
defloration	uchafuzi
deform	deform
deformed	wameharibika
deformity	ulemavu
defraud	kudanganya
defray	kupoteza
defrost	defrost
deft	deft
defunct	dhaahiri
defuse	defuse
defy	kataa
degeneracy	kupungua
degenerate	kupungua
degeneration	kuzorota
degradation	uharibifu
degrade	onyesha
degraded	iliyoharibika
degrading	kupoteza
degree	shahada
dehydrated	imechoka
dehydration	kuhama maji
dejected	kufadhaika
delay	kuchelewa
delayed	kuchelewa
delectable	rahisi
delegate	mjumbe
delegation	ujumbe
delete	kufuta
deleterious	kupoteza
deletion	kufutwa
deli	deli
deliberate	makusudi
deliberation	mazungumzo
deliberative	makusudi
delicacy	kupendeza
delicate	maridadi
delicatessen	kikabila
delicious	ladha
delight	furaha
delighted	furaha
delightful	furaha
delineate	delineate
delineation	ufafanuzi
delinquency	uharibifu
delinquent	wahalifu
delirious	delirious
delirium	delirium
deliver	kutoa
deliverance	ukombozi
delivery	utoaji
dell	dell
delta	delta
delude	tamaa
deluge	gharika
delusion	udanganyifu
delusional	udanganyifu
deluxe	deluxe
delve	jenga
demand	mahitaji
demanding	wanadai
demeaned	imesababishwa
demeaning	kudharau
demeanor	mwenendo
demented	imefungwa
dementia	ugonjwa wa shida ya akili
demise	kufariki
demo	demo
democracy	demokrasia
democrat	demokrasia
democratic	kidemokrasia
demographic	idadi ya watu
demolish	kubomoa
demolished	iliharibiwa
demolition	uharibifu
demon	pepo
demonic	pepo
demonstrable	inaonekana
demonstrate	kuonyesha
demonstrated	imeonyeshwa
demonstrating	kuonyesha
demonstration	maonyesho
demonstrative	kuonyesha
demonstrator	mtangazaji
demoralized	kuharibiwa
demos	demos
demure	kudumu
den	NO TRANSLATION
deniability	kukataa
denial	kukataa
denied	alikanusha
denim	denim
denomination	dhehebu
denominational	madhehebu
denominator	denominator
denote	onanisha
denounce	kukataa
dense	nzito
density	wiani
dent	dent
dental	meno
dentist	Daktari wa meno
dentistry	daktari wa meno
dentists	Madaktari wa meno
denunciation	hukumu
deny	kukana
denying	kukataa
deodorant	uchafuzi
depart	shika
departed	aliondoka
department	idara
departmental	idara
departure	kuondoka
depend	tegemee
dependable	hutegemea
dependant	tegemezi
dependence	utegemezi
dependency	utegemezi
dependent	tegemezi
depict	kuonyesha
depicting	kuonyesha
depletion	kupungua
deplorable	huzuni
deplore	tamaa
deploy	tumia
deployment	kupelekwa
deport	kuhamisha
deportation	kuhamishwa
depose	tamaa
deposit	amana
depositary	kuhifadhi
deposition	uhifadhi
depository	depository
depot	depot
depraved	kupoteza
depravity	uharibifu
depreciate	kupungua
depreciated	imeshuka
depreciation	kushuka kwa thamani
depress	tamaa
depressed	wamesimama
depressing	huzuni
depression	huzuni
depressive	huzuni
depresson	NO TRANSLATION
deprivation	kunyimwa
deprive	shika
deprived	imekwishwa
depth	kina
deputy	naibu
derail	kupungua
deranged	deranged
derelict	kupotoka
derision	dharau
derivation	kupatikana
derivative	derivative
derive	hupata
dermal	dermal
dermatologist	dermatologist
dermatology	dermatology
derogation	kudharau
derogatory	kudharau
descend	teremka
descendant	mjukuu
descendent	NO TRANSLATION
descending	kushuka
descent	asili
describe	kuelezea
description	maelezo
descriptive	maelezo
desecrate	tamaa
desecration	uharibifu
desert	jangwa
deserted	kuachwa
deserter	deerter
desertion	kukata tamaa
deserve	unastahili
deserved	unastahili
deserving	anastahili
design	kubuni
designate	onyesha
designated	mteule
designation	sifa
designed	iliyoundwa
designer	designer
designing	kubuni
desirability	unataka
desirable	kuhitajika
desire	hamu
desiring	unataka
desirous	unataka
desist	kuacha
desk	dawati
desolate	ukiwa
desolation	ukiwa
despair	tamaa
despairing	kukata tamaa
despatch	kudharau
desperado	desperado
desperate	tamaa
desperation	kukata tamaa
despicable	kudharauliwa
despise	kudharau
despondent	wanaogopa
despotic	despotic
despotism	despotism
dessert	dessert
destination	marudio
destined	iliyopelekwa
destiny	hatimaye
destitute	ni maskini
destroy	kuharibu
destroyed	kuharibiwa
destroyer	mharibifu
destroying	kuharibu
destruct	kuharibu
destruction	uharibifu
destructive	uharibifu
detach	tambua
detached	imetengwa
detachment	kikosi
detail	maelezo zaidi
detailed	kina
details	maelezo
detain	shika
detainee	kizuizini
detect	kuchunguza
detectable	inayoonekana
detection	kutambua
detective	upelelezi
detector	detector
detention	kizuizini
deter	kuzuia
detergent	sabuni
deteriorate	huharibika
deteriorated	imeshuka
deteriorating	kuzorota
deterioration	Kuzorota
determinable	kuamua
determinate	kuamua
determination	uamuzi
determine	kuamua
determined	kuamua
deterrent	kuzuia
detest	chukia
detestation	chuki
detonate	tamaa
detonation	uharibifu
detonator	detonator
detour	detour
detract	kumzuia
detriment	uharibifu
detrimental	kuharibu
detritus	detritus
deuce	deuce
deutschmark	deutschmark
devalued	ilipoteza
devastate	kuharibu
devastated	iliyoharibiwa
devastating	uharibifu
devastation	uharibifu
develop	kuendeleza
developer	msanidi programu
developing	kuendeleza
development	maendeleo
deviant	kupoteza
deviate	kupoteza
deviating	kupotoka
deviation	kupotoka
device	kifaa
devil	shetani
deviled	imetolewa
devilish	shetani
devious	waaminifu
devise	panga
devoid	bila
devolution	devolution
devolve	tamaa
devote	kujitolea
devoted	kujitoa
devotee	kujitolea
devotion	ibada
devotional	ibada
devour	kula
devout	mwaminifu
dew	umande
dexter	dexter
dexterity	uharibifu
dextrose	dextrose
diabetes	kisukari
diabetic	kisukari
diabolical	diabolical
diagnose	tambua
diagnosis	utambuzi
diagnostic	uchunguzi
diagnostics	uchunguzi
diagonal	diagonal
diagram	mchoro
dial	piga
dialect	lugha
dialectic	dialectic
dialogue	majadiliano
dialysis	dialysis
diameter	kipenyo
diamond	Almasi
diamonds	almasi
diaper	diaper
diaphragm	kipigo
diarrhea	kuhara
diarrhoea	kuhara
diary	diary
diatribe	diatribe
dib	NO TRANSLATION
dibs	dibs
dice	kete
dicey	dicey
dichotomous	dichotomous
dichotomy	dichotomy
dick	dick
dickhead	dickhead
dicks	dicks
dictate	kulazimisha
dictation	kulazimisha
dictator	dictator
dictatorial	udikteta
dictatorship	udikteta
diction	diction
dictionary	kamusi
dictum	NO TRANSLATION
didactic	didactic
diddle	alifanya
die	NO TRANSLATION
died	alikufa
diesel	dizeli
diet	mlo
dietary	chakula
differ	tofauti
difference	tofauti
differences	tofauti
different	tofauti
differential	tofauti
differentiation	tofauti
differently	tofauti
differing	tofauti
difficult	vigumu
difficulties	shida
difficulty	shida
diffuse	kueneza
diffusion	usambazaji
dig	NO TRANSLATION
digest	kuponda
digestion	digestion
digestive	utumbo
digit	tarakimu
digital	digital
dignified	wenye heshima
dignify	heshima
dignity	heshima
digress	digress
digs	NO TRANSLATION
dike	dike
dilapidated	imeshuka
dilatation	kupanua
dilation	kupanua
dildo	dildo
dilemma	shida
diligence	bidii
diligent	bidii
dill	bizari
diluent	diluent
dilute	punguza
diluted	imepuuzwa
dilution	dilution
dim	dim
dime	dime
dimension	mwelekeo
dimensional	dimensional
diminish	kupungua
diminished	imepungua
diminution	kupungua
diminutive	kupungua
dimwit	dimwit
din	NO TRANSLATION
dine	NO TRANSLATION
diner	diner
dinghy	dinghy
dingo	dingo
dingy	dingy
dining	kula
dinky	dinky
dinner	chajio
dinnertime	chakula cha jioni
dinosaur	dinosaur
dint	tamaa
diocesan	diocesan
diocese	diosisi
diorama	diorama
dioxide	dioksidi
dip	piga
diploma	diploma
diplomacy	diplomasia
diplomat	mwanadiplomasia
diplomatic	kidiplomasia
dipper	piga
dippy	dippy
dipstick	kupandikiza
dire	NO TRANSLATION
direct	moja kwa moja
directed	iliyoongozwa
direction	mwelekeo
directive	maelekezo
directly	moja kwa moja
director	mkurugenzi
directory	saraka
dirt	uchafu
dirty	chafu
disability	ulemavu
disable	afya
disabled	walemavu
disadvantage	hasara
disaffected	imesababishwa
disagree	hawakubaliani
disagreeable	haikubaliki
disagreeing	hawakubaliani
disagreement	kutokubaliana
disallow	haukubali
disallowed	haukubaliwa
disapointment	NO TRANSLATION
disappear	kutoweka
disappearance	kutoweka
disappearing	kutoweka
disappoint	tamaa
disappointed	tamaa
disappointing	tamaa
disappointment	tamaa
disapproval	kukataa
disapprove	hawakubali
disapproved	haukubali
disapproving	kukataa
disarm	silaha
disarray	kupoteza
disaster	janga
disastrous	maafa
disband	piga
disbelief	kutoamini
disbelieve	wasiamini
disburse	kulipa
disbursement	utoaji wa malipo
disc	disc
discard	kuacha
discarded	imekataliwa
discards	inakata
discern	tambua
discernible	kutambua
discerning	kufahamu
discernment	utambuzi
discharge	kutolewa
disciple	mwanafunzi
disciplinary	tahadhari
discipline	nidhamu
disciplined	nidhamu
disclaim	disclaim
disclaimer	kizuizi
disclose	wazi
disclosed	yalifunuliwa
disclosure	kutoa taarifa
disco	disco
discoloration	kupasuka
discolored	rangi
discomfort	usumbufu
disconcerted	kufadhaika
disconcerting	kushangaza
disconnect	kukata
disconnected	imekataliwa
disconnection	kukatwa
disconnects	kukataza
discontent	kukata tamaa
discontinuance	kuacha
discontinue	kuacha
discontinuity	kuacha
discontinuous	kuacha
discord	kupingana
discount	discount
discounted	ilipunguzwa
discourage	tamaa
discouraged	tamaa
discouragement	kukata tamaa
discouraging	kukata tamaa
discourse	majadiliano
discover	gundua
discovery	ugunduzi
discredit	kudharau
discredited	imekataliwa
discreet	NO TRANSLATION
discrepancy	tofauti
discrete	wazi
discretion	busara
discretionary	busara
discriminate	kubagua
discriminating	kuchagua
discrimination	ubaguzi
discus	discus
discuss	kujadili
discussion	majadiliano
disdain	tamaa
disdainful	aibu
disease	ugonjwa
diseased	wagonjwa
disembodied	imefungwa
disengage	tamaa
disengagement	kutenganishwa
disfigured	imefutwa
disgrace	aibu
disgraced	aibu
disgraceful	aibu
disgruntled	walivunjika moyo
disguise	kujificha
disguised	kujificha
disgust	chuki
disgusted	wamevunjika moyo
disgusting	machukizo
dish	sahani
disheartened	wamevunjika moyo
disheartening	kuharibu
dishonest	waaminifu
dishonesty	uaminifu
dishonor	aibu
dishonorable	aibu
dishwasher	Dishwasher
disillusionment	upungufu
disinclination	upungufu
disincline	kushindwa
disinclined	imekataa
disinfect	disinfect
disinfectant	disinfectant
disinfection	disinfection
disinformation	kutofahamu
disingenuous	disingenuous
disintegrate	kuangamiza
disintegration	kugawanyika
disinterested	wasiwasi
disjoint	disjoint
disjointed	wamejitokeza
disjunctive	kujishughulisha
disk	diski
diskette	diskette
dislike	usipende
disliked	haipendi
disliking	kupinga
dislocated	waliondolewa
dislocation	kuacha
dislodge	tamaa
disloyal	wasioamini
disloyalty	uhalifu
dismal	mbaya
dismantle	kuvunjwa
dismay	kufadhaika
dismayed	alifadhaika
dismemberment	uharibifu
dismiss	kumfukuza
dismissal	kufukuzwa
dismissive	kuacha
dismount	dismount
disobedience	kutotii
disobedient	wasio na utii
disobey	msiiasi
disorder	shida
disordered	wasiwasi
disorderly	kwa upungufu
disorganized	haijapangwa
disorientation	kuchanganyikiwa
disoriented	kuchanganyikiwa
disown	kupinga
disparage	kupuuza
disparaging	kupuuza
disparate	tofauti
disparity	usawa
dispassionate	wasiwasi
dispatch	tuma
dispatcher	dispatcher
dispel	shipa
dispensary	zawadi
dispensation	nyakati
dispense	kugawa
dispenser	distenser
dispersal	kugawa
disperse	kugawa
dispersed	waliotawanyika
dispersion	utawanyiko
dispirited	walipigana
displace	shirikisha
displaced	walihamishwa
displacement	makazi yao
displacency	kuhama
display	kuonyesha
displease	haifai
displeased	hasira
displeasure	hasira
disposable	hupatikana
disposal	ovyo
dispose	tumia
disposed	zilizowekwa
disposition	tabia
dispossessed	kuondolewa
disprove	kupinga
dispute	mgogoro
disqualification	kufutwa
disqualified	halali
disqualify	haifai
disquieted	shida
disregard	usijali
disregarded	kupuuzwa
disrelish	kupoteza
disreputable	haijulikani
disrepute	kupuuza
disrespect	kutoheshimu
disrespectful	kutoheshimu
disrupt	kuharibu
disrupting	kuharibu
disruption	usumbufu
disruptive	kuharibu
dissatisfaction	kutoridhika
dissatisfied	hajastahili
dissect	kusambaza
dissection	dissection
disseminate	kusambaza
dissemination	usambazaji
dissension	ugomvi
dissent	upinzani
dissenting	kupinga
dissertation	kutafakari
disservice	kufuta
dissident	wapinzani
dissimilar	tofauti
dissipate	tamaa
dissipated	imeshuka
dissociation	kuacha
dissociative	dissociative
dissolution	kufutwa
dissolve	kufuta
dissonance	dissonance
dissuade	tamaa
distal	distal
distance	umbali
distant	mbali
distaste	vurugu
distasteful	husababishwa
distillate	distillate
distillation	kunereka
distilled	distilled
distinct	tofauti
distinction	tofauti
distinctive	tofauti
distinguish	kutofautisha
distinguishable	kutofautisha
distinguished	wanajulikana
distinguishing	kutofautisha
distort	kupotosha
distorted	kupotosha
distortion	kuvuruga
distract	turua
distracted	aliwasihi
distracting	kuvuruga
distraction	kuvuruga
distraught	huzuni
distress	dhiki
distressed	shida
distressing	huzuni
distribute	kusambaza
distribution	usambazaji
distributor	msambazaji
district	wilaya
distrust	kutokuamini
disturb	turua
disturbance	usumbufu
disturbed	alifadhaika
disturbing	kutisha
disuse	tumia
disused	hakutumiwa
ditch	shimoni
ditto	ditto
ditty	tete
diurnal	diurnal
diva	diva
divan	NO TRANSLATION
dive	kupiga mbizi
diver	diver
diverge	toa
divergence	kutofautiana
divergent	tofauti
diverging	kupungua
divers	mbalimbali
diverse	tofauti
diversified	tofauti
diversify	tofauti
diversion	kupungua
diversionary	diversionary
diversity	utofauti
divert	kugeuza
diverting	kuruhusu
divest	kuacha
divested	imetolewa
divestment	upungufu
divide	kugawa
divided	imegawanyika
dividend	mgawanyiko
divination	uchawi
divine	Mungu
divinity	uungu
divisible	kuonekana
division	mgawanyiko
divisor	mshauri
divorce	talaka
divorcee	talaka
divulge	tangaza
divvy	tamaa
dizziness	kizunguzungu
dizzy	kizunguzungu
do	fanya
doable	haiwezekani
doc	doc
docile	tamaa
dock	dock
docked	imefungwa
docket	docket
docking	kufanya
doctor	daktari
doctorate	daktari
doctrinal	mafundisho
doctrine	mafundisho
document	hati
documentary	maandishi
documentation	nyaraka
documents	nyaraka
dodge	dodge
dodger	dodger
dodging	kutembea
dodgy	dodgy
dodo	dodo
doe	doe
doer	mfanyaji
dog	mbwa
dogface	mbwa
dogged	imesababishwa
doggy	mbwa
doghouse	mbwa
dogma	mbinu
dogmatic	mbinu
dogsick	NO TRANSLATION
doings	matendo
doit	NO TRANSLATION
dojo	dojo
doldrums	viboko
dole	dola
doll	dola
dollar	dola
dollhouse	dollhouse
dolor	NO TRANSLATION
dolphin	dolphin
domain	kikoa
dome	dome
domestic	ndani
domesticated	zimefungwa
domestication	urithi
domicile	domicile
domiciled	imetekelezwa
dominance	utawala
dominant	kubwa
dominate	kutawala
dominating	kutawala
domination	utawala
dominatrix	dominatrix
dominion	utawala
domino	domino
don	don
donate	kuchangia
donation	mchango
donkey	punda
donor	wafadhili
dontlikeyou	NO TRANSLATION
dontmess	NO TRANSLATION
dontmesswithme	dontmesswithme
dontpanic	dontpanic
dontunderstand	NO TRANSLATION
doodle	doodle
doom	adhabu
doomed	kuteswa
doomsday	doomsday
door	mlango
doorbell	mlango
doorknob	nguzo
doorman	mlango
doormat	doormat
doornail	mlango
doorstep	mlango
doorway	mlango
dopamine	dopamine
dope	dope
dopey	dopey
dork	dork
dorky	dorky
dorm	dorm
dormant	kulala
dormitory	mabweni
dorsal	kupuuza
dosage	kipimo
dose	kipimo
dossier	dossier
dot	dot
doting	kupiga kura
dotted	zilizopangwa
dotty	dotty
double	mara mbili
doubled	mara mbili
doublet	doublet
doubling	mara mbili
doubt	shaka
doubtful	mashaka
doubting	mashaka
doubtless	bila shaka
doubts	mashaka
douche	douche
douchebags	douchebags
dough	unga
doughboy	mboga
doughnut	donut
dour	dour
douse	piga
dove	njiwa
down	chini
downcast	kushuka
downer	downer
downfall	kushuka
downfield	chini
downhearted	wamevunjika moyo
downhill	kuteremka
download	kupakua
downpour	kushuka
downright	sawa
downriver	kushuka
downside	upande wa chini
downtime	kupungua
downward	chini
downy	downy
dowry	dowry
doze	toa
dozen	kadhaa
drab	drabe
draft	rasimu
drafty	rafu
drag	Drag
dragon	joka
dragonfly	kivuli
drain	kukimbia
drainage	mifereji ya maji
drained	imefungwa
draining	kukimbia
drainpipe	drainpipe
drake	ngoma
drama	mchezo
dramaqueen	NO TRANSLATION
dramatic	kubwa
drape	drape
drapery	drapery
drastic	kikubwa
drat	NO TRANSLATION
draught	rasimu
draw	kuteka
drawback	drawback
drawbridge	daraja la kuteka
drawer	drawer
drawers	watunga
drawing	kuchora
dread	hofu
dreaded	hofu
dreadful	hofu
dreadfully	dreadfully
dreading	kuogopa
dream	ndoto
dreamboat	dreamboat
dreamer	ndoto
dreaming	inaelekea
dreamland	dreamland
dreams	ndoto
dreamt	nimeota
dreamy	ndoto
dreary	dreary
dredge	dredge
drenched	imechomwa
dress	nguo
dresser	mfanyakazi
dressmaker	dressmaker
dressy	dressy
dribble	NO TRANSLATION
dried	kavu
drier	kavu
drift	drift
drifted	imeshuka
drifter	drifter
driftwood	driftwood
drill	kuchimba
drink	kunywa
drinker	mnywaji
drinking	kunywa
drinks	Vinywaji
drip	kupungua
dripping	kupungua
drive	kuendesha
drivel	drivel
driver	dereva
driveway	gari
drizzle	kupiga
droll	droll
drone	drone
drones	drones
drool	drool
drooping	kushuka
droopy	droopy
drop	tone
droplet	droplet
dropout	kuacha
dropper	dropper
drought	ukame
drove	NO TRANSLATION
drown	kuacha
drowsiness	usingizi
drowsy	drowsy
drudgery	ngumu
drug	dawa
drug dealing	kushughulika madawa ya kulevya
drugged	dawa
druggist	daktari
drugs	madawa
drugstore	duka la madawa ya kulevya
druid	Daudi
drum	ngoma
drummer	drummer
drumming	ngoma
drunk	mlevi
drunk driving	kuendesha gari
drunkard	mlevi
drunken	kunywa
drunkenness	ulevi
dry	kavu
dryer	dryer
dryness	kavu
dual	mbili
dualism	dualism
duality	duality
dub	dub
dubious	ya kushangaza
duchess	duchess
duck	bata
ducking	ducking
duckling	duckling
ducky	ducky
duct	duct
ductile	ductile
dud	dud
dude	dude
duds	duds
due	kutokana
duel	dua
dues	unadai
duet	duet
duffel	duffel
dugout	kuchimba
duh	duh
duke	duke
dull	wepesi
dullard	dullard
dumb	mjinga
dumbasses	dumbasses
dumbbell	dumbbell
dumbbitch	NO TRANSLATION
dumfound	tamaa
dumfounder	NO TRANSLATION
dummy	dummy
dump	kutupa
dumpling	kupiga mbizi
dumps	kuruka
dumpster	dumpster
dun	dun
dunce	dunce
dune	dune
dung	NO TRANSLATION
dungeon	gereza
dunk	dunk
duo	duo
dupe	dupe
duplex	duplex
duplicate	duplicate
duplication	kurudia
duplicity	duplicity
durability	kudumu
durable	muda mrefu
duration	muda
duress	shika
dusk	jioni
dusky	dusky
dust	vumbi
duster	jioni
dustpan	dustpan
dusty	vumbi
dutiful	unastahili
duty	wajibu
dwarf	dwarf
dwarfed	dwarfed
dweeb	dweeb
dwell	kaa
dweller	mwenyeji
dwelling	kuishi
dye	rangi
dying	kufa
dyke	dyke
dynamic	nguvu
dynamical	nguvu
dynamics	mienendo
dynamite	nguvu
dynamo	dynamo
dynasty	nasaba
dysentery	kifua kikuu
dysfunction	dysfunction
dysfunctional	haiwezekani
dyspepsia	dyspepsia
eager	hamu
eagerness	shauku
eagle	tai
ear	sikio
earful	nzuri
earl	sikio
earlier	mapema
early	mapema
earn	kulipwa
earnest	bidii
earnestly	kwa bidii
earnestness	bidii
earnings	mapato
earpiece	kipande cha pua
earring	kijiko
earrings	pete
earshot	masikio
earth	dunia
earthenware	udongo
earthling	udongo
earthly	duniani
earthquake	tetemeko la ardhi
earthy	earthy
ease	urahisi
easel	easel
easement	easement
easily	kwa urahisi
east	mashariki
eastbound	mashariki
eastern	mashariki
easy	rahisi
easygoing	rahisi
eat	kula
eater	kula
eating	kula
eatingdisorders	NO TRANSLATION
eavesdrop	evesdrop
eavesdropping	yavingdropping
ebb	eti
ebony	ebony
ebullient	kinyume
eccentric	eccentric
eccentricity	uwazi
ecclesiastical	kanisa
echelon	echelon
echinacea	echinacea
echo	echo
eclectic	eclectic
eclipse	kupatwa
ecliptic	ecliptic
ecological	mazingira
economic	kiuchumi
economical	kiuchumi
economics	uchumi
economy	uchumi
ecosystem	mazingira
ecstasy	furaha
ecstatic	furaha
ecumenical	kiumini
eddy	eddy
edema	edema
edge	makali
edging	kugeuka
edgy	edgy
edible	chakula
edict	amri
edification	kujenga
edifice	jengo
edit	hariri
editing	uhariri
edition	toleo
editor	mhariri
editorial	wahariri
educate	kuelimisha
educated	elimu
education	elimu
educational	elimu
educator	mwalimu
eeeek	NO TRANSLATION
eeek	NO TRANSLATION
eek	eek
eel	eel
eerie	eerie
effect	athari
effective	ufanisi
effectiveness	ufanisi
effects	athari
effectual	ufanisi
effectually	effectually
effectuate	fanya
effeminate	kutekeleza
efficacious	ufanisi
efficacy	ufanisi
efficiency	ufanisi
efficient	ufanisi
effigy	effigy
effort	juhudi
effortless	bila kujitahidi
effusion	uharibifu
effyou	NO TRANSLATION
egg	yai
egghead	yaihead
eggnog	yainog
eggplant	mbilingani
eggshell	shayiri
ego	ego
egomaniac	egomaniac
egotistical	mfano
egregious	mbaya
egress	fanya
eight	nane
eighteen	kumi na nane
eighth	nane
eighty	mashirini
ejaculate	ejaculate
ejaculation	kumwagika
eject	jaribu
ejection	ejection
elaborate	kufafanua
elaboration	ufafanuzi
elan	NO TRANSLATION
elapse	kufaa
elapsed	ilipita
elastic	elastic
elasticity	elasticity
elated	walifurahi
elation	msichana
elbow	kijiko
eld	kwanza
elder	mzee
elderly	wazee
elders	wazee
eldest	mzee
elect	wateule
election	uchaguzi
elective	kuchagua
elector	wapiga kura
electoral	uchaguzi
electorate	wapiga kura
electric	umeme
electric slide	slide ya umeme
electrical	umeme
electrician	umeme
electricity	umeme
electrify	futa
electrocute	electrocute
electrocution	electrocution
electromagnetic	umeme
electron	elektroni
electronic	umeme
electronics	umeme
elegance	ustadi
elegant	kifahari
element	kipengele
elemental	msingi
elementary	msingi
elements	vipengele
elephant	tembo
elevate	kuinua
elevated	iliinua
elevation	mwinuko
elevator	lifti
eleven	kumi na moja
eleventh	kumi na moja
elf	elf
elicit	kuomba
eligible	wanaostahiki
eliminate	kuondoa
elimination	kuondoa
elite	wasomi
elitist	mtaalamu
elixir	elixir
elk	elk
ell	ell
ellipse	kupunguka
ellipsis	ellipsis
ellipsoid	ellipsoid
elliptic	elliptic
elliptical	elliptical
elm	elm
elongate	kuenea
elongation	upungufu
elope	elope
eloquence	kielelezo
eloquent	wenye ujuzi
elucidate	tambua
elucidation	uelewaji
elude	sio
elusive	haifai
emaciated	emaciated
email	barua pepe
emanate	inatoka
emancipation	ukombozi
embankment	pigo
embargo	NO TRANSLATION
embark	panga
embarrass	aibu
embarrassed	aibu
embarrassing	aibu
embarrassment	aibu
embassy	ubalozi
embattled	imbattled
embed	embed
embellish	embellish
embellishment	urembo
embers	hufanya
embezzlement	udanganyifu
embezzler	embezzler
emblem	alama
emblematic	alama
embodiment	mfano
embolism	embolism
embossed	embossed
embrace	kukumbatia
embroidered	iliyopambwa
embroidery	embroidery
embroiled	ilipigwa
embryo	kijana
embryonic	embryonic
emcee	emcee
emerald	emerald
emerge	kujitokeza
emergence	kuibuka
emergency	dharura
emeritus	dharura
emery	emery
emetophobia	uthabiti
emigrate	kuhamia
emigration	uhamiaji
eminence	ukuu
eminent	bora
eminently	kwa uwazi
emir	NO TRANSLATION
emissary	mjumbe
emission	chafu
emit	emit
emo	emo
emotion	hisia
emotional	kihisia
emotive	kihisia
empathic	huruma
empathize	kuhisi
empathy	huruma
emperor	Mfalme
emphasis	msisitizo
emphasize	kusisitiza
emphatic	emphatic
emphysema	emphysema
empire	Ufalme
empirical	uongo
empiricism	uongo
employ	tumia
employee	mfanyakazi
employer	mwajiri
employment	ajira
emporium	emporium
empower	kuwawezesha
empress	mfalme
emptiness	udhaifu
emption	msamaha
empty	tupu
emu	emu
emulate	kutekeleza
emulsion	emulsion
enable	itawezesha
enablement	kuwezesha
enact	tunga
enactment	uamuzi
enamel	enamel
encampment	kambi
enchant	mchanga
enchanted	enchanted
enchanting	enchanting
enchantment	uchawi
enchantress	enchantress
enchilada	enchilada
encircle	piga
encircling	kuzunguka
enclave	enclave
enclose	funga
enclosure	zimefungwa
encode	futa
encomiastic	NO TRANSLATION
encomium	encomium
encompass	jumuisha
encore	NO TRANSLATION
encounter	kukutana
encourage	kuhimiza
encouraged	tia moyo
encouragement	faraja
encouraging	kuhimiza
encroach	kuingilia
encroachment	kuingilia
encrypt	encrypt
encryption	encryption
encumbrance	kuzingatia
encyclopedia	encyclopedia
end	mwisho
end table	meza ya mwisho
endanger	kuhatarisha
endangered	kuhatarishwa
endangerment	hatari
endearing	upendo
endeavor	jitihada
ended	ilimalizika
endemic	endemic
endgame	mwisho
ending	kuishia
endless	kutokuwa na mwisho
endocarditis	endocarditis
endorse	kuidhinisha
endorsement	kuidhinishwa
endow	sarafu
endowed	imepewa
endowment	urithi
endpapers	magazeti
endpoint	mwisho
endurance	uvumilivu
endure	kuvumilia
enduring	kudumu
enema	enema
enemy	adui
energetic	nguvu
energize	energize
energy	nishati
enforce	kutekeleza
enforcement	utekelezaji
enforcer	msisitizaji
engage	kushiriki
engaged	kushiriki
engagement	ushiriki
engaging	kushiriki
engender	engender
engine	injini
engineer	mhandisi
engineering	Uhandisi
engrave	krarave
engraved	iliyorejeshwa
engraver	engraver
engraving	engraving
engrossed	kuingizwa
engrossing	ingrossing
engulf	engulf
enhance	kuboresha
enhancement	kukuza
enigma	enigma
enigmatic	enigmatic
enjoin	amri
enjoy	kufurahia
enjoyable	kufurahisha
enjoying	kufurahia
enjoyment	furaha
enlarge	kupanua
enlarged	ilienea
enlargement	upanuzi
enlighten	onyesha
enlightened	kuangazwa
enlightening	kuangaza
enlightenment	taa
enlist	soma
enliven	enliven
enmity	chuki
ennui	ennui
enormity	ukubwa
enormous	kubwa sana
enormously	kwa kiasi kikubwa
enraged	hasira
enrich	kuimarisha
enroll	kujiandikisha
enrollment	usajili
ensemble	seti
ensign	alama
enslave	utumwa
enslaved	watumwa
enslavement	utumwa
ensue	kuhakikisha
ensure	kuhakikisha
entail	inahusu
entangled	kuingizwa
entanglement	kuingiliwa
enter	ingiza
enterprise	biashara
enterprising	kuingiza
entertain	kuwakaribisha
entertained	kukubalika
entertainer	mtangazaji
entertaining	burudani
entertainment	burudani
enthralled	zimefungwa
enthusiasm	shauku
enthusiast	shauku
enthusiastic	shauku
entice	kushawishi
entire	nzima
entirety	ukamilifu
entitle	hakika
entity	taasisi
entomology	entomolojia
entourage	jirani
entrails	entrails
entrance	Ingång
entrapment	kifungo
entreat	kuomba
entree	kuingia
entrepreneur	mjasiriamali
entrust	patia
entry	kuingia
enumerate	enumerate
enumeration	malipo
envelope	bahasha
envious	wivu
environ	NO TRANSLATION
environment	mazingira
environmental	mazingira
environs	mazingira
envision	tazama
envoy	mjumbe
envy	wivu
enzyme	enzyme
ephemeral	ephemeral
ephemeris	ephemeris
epic	Epic
epidemic	janga
epidermis	epidermis
epidural	magonjwa
epilepsy	kifafa
epileptic	kifafa
epilogue	epilogue
epiphany	epiphany
episcopal	maaskofu
episode	sehemu
episodic	episodic
epistle	barua
epitaph	epitaph
epithet	epithet
epitome	epitome
epoch	saa
equal	sawa
equality	usawa
equalization	usawazishaji
equalize	kusawazisha
equalizer	kusawazisha
equally	sawa
equate	sawa
equation	usawa
equator	equator
equatorial	usawa
equestrian	equestrian
equidistant	equidistant
equilibration	usawazishaji
equilibrium	usawa
equip	kuandaa
equipment	vifaa
equitable	sawa
equity	usawa
equivalence	usawazishaji
equivalent	sawa
equivocal	usawa
era	zama
eradicate	kuondosha
eradication	kuondokana
erase	kufuta
eraser	eraser
erasure	kufuta
ere	NO TRANSLATION
erect	erect
erectile	erectile
erection	erection
ergo	NO TRANSLATION
erode	futa
erosion	mmomonyoko
erotic	erotic
erotica	uendeshaji
err	tamaa
errand	sawa
errant	hatia
erratic	si sawa
erratum	erratum
erroneous	makosa
error	kosa
erst	NO TRANSLATION
erudite	erudite
erupt	teremka
eruption	mlipuko
escalade	escalade
escalate	kuongezeka
escalating	kuongezeka
escalation	ukuaji
escalator	escalator
escape	kutoroka
escaped	alitoroka
escarpment	uharibifu
eschew	eschew
escort	kusindikiza
escrow	escrow
esophagus	umbo
esoteric	esoteric
especial	NO TRANSLATION
espionage	espionage
espouse	fanya
espresso	espresso
esprit	akili
esquire	soma
essay	insha
essayist	waandishi wa habari
essence	kiini
essential	muhimu
essentially	kimsingi
establish	kuanzisha
established	imara
establishment	uanzishwaji
estate	mali
esteem	heshima
esteemed	kuheshimiwa
esthetic	esthetic
estimable	inakadiriwa
estimate	tathmini
estimation	makadirio
estoppel	kusambaza
estranged	amefungwa
estrogen	estrogen
estuary	kisiwa
etch	etch
etching	kutunga
eternal	milele
eternity	milele
ethanol	ethanol
ether	ether
ethereal	ethereal
ethic	maadili
ethical	maadili
ethics	maadili
ethnic	kikabila
ethnography	ethnography
etiology	etiolojia
etiquette	Etiquette
etymology	etymology
eucalyptus	eucalyptus
euchre	wakati
eugenics	eugenics
eulogistic	kihisia
eulogium	eulogium
eulogize	eulogize
eulogy	eulogy
euphemism	uphemism
euphoria	euphoria
euphoric	euphoric
euro	euro
euthanasia	euthanasia
evacuate	kuhama
evacuation	uokoaji
evade	Epuka
evaluate	tathmini
evaluation	tathmini
evanescence	evanescence
evangelical	minjilisti
evangelist	mhubiri
evangelistic	uinjilisti
evaporate	kuenea
evaporation	uvukizi
evasion	kuepuka
evasive	evasive
eve	usiku
evening	jioni
evens	NO TRANSLATION
event	tukio
eventful	tukio
eventual	hatimaye
eventuality	tukio
evergreen	kijani
everlasting	milele
evermore	milele
everyday	kila siku
everyman	kila mtu
evict	kumfukuza
eviction	kufukuzwa
evidence	ushahidi
evident	dhahiri
evidentiary	ushahidi
evil	mabaya
evoke	kumfukuza
evolution	mageuzi
evolutionary	mageuzi
evolve	toa
ewe	ewe
ex	ex
exacerbate	kulazimisha
exacerbation	ukali
exact	sawa
exacting	kukataza
exaggerate	kuenea
exaggerated	kuenea
exaggeration	kuenea
exalt	kuinua
exaltation	kuinua
exalted	kuinuliwa
exam	mtihani
examination	uchunguzi
examine	kuchunguza
examiner	mtazamaji
example	mfano
exasperated	walikasirika
exasperation	kukata tamaa
excavate	kuchimba
excavation	kuchimba
excavator	excavator
exceed	wito
exceeding	ni zaidi
excel	bora zaidi
excellence	ubora
excellent	bora
excelsior	zaidi
excepting	isipokuwa
exception	isipokuwa
exceptional	kipekee
excerpt	dhana
excess	ziada
excessive	nyingi
excessively	kwa kiasi kikubwa
exchange	kubadilishana
excise	ushuru
excision	excision
excitability	excitability
excitable	kuvutia
excitation	msisimko
excite	kusisimua
excited	msisimko
excitement	furaha
exciting	kusisimua
exclaim	akasema
exclamation	sifa
exclude	kuwatenga
excluded	imetengwa
excluding	ukiondoa
exclusion	kutengwa
exclusive	kipekee
excrement	uchafu
excretion	excretion
excruciating	vibaya
excursion	safari
excuse	udhuru
exec	kutekeleza
execute	kutekeleza
execution	utekelezaji
executioner	mfanyakazi
executive	mtendaji
executor	mwendeshaji
exegesis	exegesis
exemplar	mfano
exemplary	mfano
exemplify	mfano
exempt	msamaha
exemption	msamaha
exercise	zoezi
exert	jitahidi
exertion	juhudi
exhale	exhale
exhaust	kutolea nje
exhausted	wamechoka
exhaustion	uchovu
exhaustive	kamili
exhibit	maonyesho
exhibition	maonyesho
exhilarated	walifurahia
exhilarating	kuvutia
exhilaration	kiburi
exhort	kuhimiza
exhortation	kuhimiza
exhumation	uchafuzi
exhume	shika
exigent	NO TRANSLATION
exile	uhamisho
exist	zipo
existence	kuwepo
existent	ikopo
existential	existential
existing	zilizopo
exit	Utgång
exodus	safari
exonerate	uhuru
exorbitant	kikubwa
exorcism	uovu
exorcist	exorcist
exotic	kigeni
expand	panua
expanded	kupanuliwa
expanse	anga
expansion	upanuzi
expansive	kupanua
expatriate	wahamiaji
expect	wanatarajia
expectance	matarajio
expectancy	matarajio
expectant	wanatarajia
expectation	matarajio
expected	inatarajiwa
expecting	wanatarajia
expediency	ustahili
expedient	inafaa
expedite	kasi
expedition	safari
expeditious	haraka
expel	tuma
expendable	inatumika
expenditure	matumizi
expense	gharama
expenses	gharama
expensive	ghali
experience	uzoefu
experienced	uzoefu
experiences	uzoefu
experiment	jaribio
experimental	majaribio
experimentation	majaribio
experimenter	majaribio
expert	mtaalam
expertise	utaalamu
expiration	kumalizika muda
expire	kumalizika
expired	imekamilika
expiry	mwisho
explain	kuelezea
explanation	maelezo
explanatory	maelezo
expletive	kutafakari
explication	maelezo
explicit	wazi
explode	kulipuka
exploit	kutumia
exploitation	unyonyaji
exploration	utafutaji
exploratory	kuchunguza
explore	kuchunguza
explorer	mtafiti
explosion	mlipuko
explosions	milipuko
explosive	kulipuka
expo	expo
exponent	exponent
exponential	ufafanuzi
export	kuuza nje
exportation	mauzo ya nje
expose	wazi
exposed	wazi
exposition	maonyesho
expository	maonyesho
exposure	mfiduo
expound	kuelezea
express	onyesha
expression	kujieleza
expressive	expressive
expressway	barabara ya wazi
expropriation	upendeleo
expulsion	kufukuzwa
exquisite	nzuri
exquisitely	vizuri sana
extant	mbali
extend	kupanua
extendable	kupanuliwa
extended	kupanuliwa
extension	ugani
extensive	kina
extent	kiwango
exterior	nje
exterminate	kuangamiza
extermination	uharibifu
exterminator	exterminator
external	ya nje
externally	nje ya nje
extinct	haitofu
extinction	kupoteza
extinguish	kuzima
extinguisher	kizima
extol	tamaa
extort	tamaa
extortion	ulafi
extra	ziada
extract	Dondoa
extracting	kuchimba
extraction	uchimbaji
extractor	extractor
extracurricular	extracurricular
extradition	extradition
extrajudicial	upendeleo
extramural	kupindukia
extraneous	extraneous
extraordinaire	extraordinaire
extraordinary	ajabu
extraterrestrial	nje ya nchi
extravagance	udanganyifu
extravagant	yenye fujo
extravaganza	kizuizi
extreme	uliokithiri
extreme anticipation	kutarajia sana
extreme disgust	chuki kali
extreme surprise	mshangao mkubwa
extreme trust	imani kubwa
extremely	sana
extremely negative	mbaya sana
extremely positive	ni chanya sana
extremity	mwisho
extricate	imepungua
extrinsic	extrinsic
extrusion	extrusion
exuberance	furaha
exude	exude
eye	jicho
eyeball	jicho la macho
eyebrow	jicho
eyeful	macho
eyeglass	kioo
eyeglasses	vioo vya macho
eyelash	kinga
eyelet	jicho
eyeliner	eyeliner
eyepiece	jicho
eyes	macho
eyesight	macho
eyewitness	ushahidi wa macho
fab	fab
fable	fable
fabled	fabled
fabric	kitambaa
fabricate	tengeneze
fabricated	yaliyotengenezwa
fabrication	utengenezaji
fabulous	fabulous
facade	faini
face	uso
faceless	bila kupoteza
facet	kipengele
facial	usoni
facile	NO TRANSLATION
facilitate	kuwezesha
facility	kituo
facing	inakabiliwa
facsimile	salama
fact	ukweli
faction	kikundi
factor	sababu
factory	kiwanda
facts	ukweli
factual	ukweli
faculties	stadi
faculty	kitivo
fad	fad
fade	fade
faded	ilipoteza
faeces	vipande
fag	fag
faggot	fagot
fail	kushindwa
failing	kushindwa
failure	kushindwa
fain	NO TRANSLATION
faint	kukata tamaa
fainting	kukata tamaa
fair	haki
fairly	haki
fairness	haki
fairway	fairway
fairy	Fairy
faith	imani
faithful	mwaminifu
faithfulness	uaminifu
faithless	wasio na imani
fake	bandia
faker	faker
falafel	falafel
falcon	falcon
fall	kuanguka
fallacious	udanganyifu
fallacy	uongo
fallback	kuanguka nyuma
fallible	haiwezekani
falling	kuanguka
fallopian	wapiganaji
fallout	kuanguka
fallow	kupotea
false	FALSE
falsehood	uwongo
falsely	uongo
falsification	uongo
falsified	uongo
falsify	uongo
falsity	falsity
falter	falter
fame	umaarufu
famed	anajulikana
familiar	ujuzi
familiarity	ujuzi
familiarize	kujifunza
family	familia
familytime	familia
famine	njaa
famished	njaa
famous	maarufu
famously	maarufu
fan	shabiki
fanatic	fanatic
fanatical	fanatical
fanaticism	fanaticism
fanciful	fanciful
fancy	dhana
fandango	fandango
fanfare	fanfare
fang	NO TRANSLATION
fangs	fangs
fanning	uchochezi
fantasia	fantasia
fantasize	fantasize
fantastic	fantastic
fantasy	fantasy
faraway	mbali
farce	farce
farcical	farcical
fare	nauli
farewell	kurudi
farm	shamba
farmer	mkulima
farmhouse	nyumba ya kilimo
farming	kilimo
farmland	mashamba
faro	faro
fart	fart
farther	mbali
fascia	fascia
fascinate	fasta
fascinated	fascinated
fascinating	kuvutia
fascination	fascination
fascism	fascism
fascist	fascist
fashion	mtindo
fashionable	mtindo
fastball	fastball
fasten	funga
fastener	kufunga
fastening	kufunga
fasting	kufunga
fat	mafuta
fatal	mbaya
fatalism	mafuta
fatality	mafuta
fate	hatima
fated	fated
fateful	fateful
fathead	fathead
father	baba
fatherhood	ubaba
fatherland	baba
fatherly	baba
fathom	fathom
fatigue	uchovu
fatigued	amechoka
fatso	fatso
fatten	mafuta
fatty	mafuta
faucet	bomba
fault	kosa
faultless	hana hatia
faulty	ni sahihi
faun	faun
fauna	fauna
faux	faux
favor	neema
favorable	nzuri
favorite	favorite
favoriteholiday	NO TRANSLATION
favoritism	upendeleo
fawn	fawn
fax	fax
faze	NO TRANSLATION
fear	hofu
feared	aliogopa
fearful	hofu
fearfully	kwa hofu
fearing	hofu
fearless	hawaogopi
fears	hofu
fearsome	inatisha
feasibility	uwezekano
feasible	inawezekana
feast	Sherehe
feat	feat
feather	manyoya
feathered	feathered
feature	kipengele
features	vipengele
febrile	fungua
fecal	fecal
feces	kinyesi
fecundity	fecundity
fed	kulishwa
federal	shirikisho
federation	shirikisho
fedup	NO TRANSLATION
fee	ada
feeble	dhaifu
feed	kulisha
feedback	maoni
feeder	mkulima
feel	jisikie
feelgood	feelgood
feeling	hisia
feelingdown	NO TRANSLATION
feelinggood	NO TRANSLATION
feet	miguu
feign	fanya
feigned	imefanywa
feisty	hasira
felicity	ufanisi
feline	feline
fell	akaanguka
feller	feller
fellow	wenzake
fellowship	ushirika
felon	felon
felony	kinyume
felt	walihisi
female	kike
feminine	kike
femininity	uke
feminism	kike
feminist	mwanamke
femme	NO TRANSLATION
femoral	kike
femur	femur
fen	NO TRANSLATION
fence	uzio
fenced	imefungwa
fencing	uzio
fend	fendeni
fender	fender
fennel	fennel
ferment	ferment
fermentation	fermentation
fern	fern
ferocious	hasira
ferocity	futi
ferret	ferret
ferry	feri
ferryboat	NO TRANSLATION
fertile	rutuba
fertility	uzazi
fertilize	mbolea
fertilizer	mbolea
fervent	fervent
fervor	fervor
fess	fess
fest	fest
festival	tamasha
festive	sherehe
fetal	fetal
fetch	Kuchukua
fete	NO TRANSLATION
fetish	fetishi
fetus	fetus
feud	chuki
feudal	feudal
feudalism	ufadhili
fever	homa
feverish	homa
fiancee	NO TRANSLATION
fiasco	fiasco
fiat	fiat
fib	fib
fiber	nyuzi
fiberglass	fiberglass
fibrosis	fibrosis
fibrous	nyuzi
fickle	fickle
fiction	fiction
fictional	fiction
fictitious	uwongo
fiddle	fiddle
fiddler	fiddler
fidelity	uaminifu
fidgety	fidgety
fiduciary	fiduciary
field	shamba
field hockey	Hockey ya shamba
fielder	fielder
fiend	fiend
fiendish	fiendish
fierce	mkali
fiery	moto
fiesta	fiesta
fiesty	NO TRANSLATION
fifteen	kumi na tano
fifty	hamsini
fig	tini
fight	kupigana
fighter	mpiganaji
fighting	mapigano
fights	vita
figment	fanya
figurative	mfano
figure	takwimu
figurine	figurine
filament	filament
filamentous	filamentous
file	faili
filet	filet
filibuster	filibuster
filigree	filigree
filing	kufungua
filings	kufungua
fill	kujaza
filler	kujaza
fillet	fillet
filling	kujaza
filly	fanya
film	filamu
filmmaker	mtengenezaji wa filamu
filmy	NO TRANSLATION
filter	chujio
filth	uchafu
filthy	machafu
filtration	filtration
fin	NO TRANSLATION
final	mwisho
finale	mwisho
finalist	mwisho
finality	mwisho
finalize	kumaliza
finalized	ilikamilishwa
finally	hatimaye
finance	fedha
financial	fedha
financier	mfadhili
finch	finch
find	pata
finder	mkuta
finding	kutafuta
fine	faini
finery	nzuri
finesse	finesse
finger	kidole
fingernail	kidole
fingerprint	kidole
fingerscrossed	NO TRANSLATION
finish	kumaliza
finished	kumalizika
finite	mwisho
fink	fink
fir	fir
fire	moto
firearm	silaha
firearms	silaha za silaha
fireball	moto
firecracker	firecracker
firefight	moto wa moto
firefighter	Mzima moto
firefly	kivuli
firehouse	motohouse
firelight	moto
fireman	moto
fireplace	mahali pa moto
firepower	moto
fireproof	moto
fireside	moto
firestorm	moto
firewall	firewall
firewood	kuni
firework	moto
fireworks	fireworks
firing	kurusha
firm	imara
firmament	kiumbe
firmly	imara
firmness	uimarishaji
first	kwanza
firstborn	mzaliwa wa kwanza
firstworldprobs	NO TRANSLATION
fiscal	fedha
fish	samaki
fisherman	mvuvi
fishery	uvuvi
fishing	uvuvi
fishing boat	mashua ya uvuvi
fishy	samaki
fissile	fissile
fission	fission
fissure	fissure
fist	ngumi
fistfight	fistfight
fistful	fistful
fistula	fistula
fit	inafaa
fitness	fitness
fits	inafaa
fitted	zimefungwa
fitting	kufaa
fittings	fittings
five	tano
fiver	fiver
fix	tengeneza
fixable	fixable
fixation	fixation
fixed	imara
fixer	fixer
fixture	fixture
fixtures	Ratiba
fizz	fizz
fjord	fjord
flabbergast	kioo
flabbergasted	imetolewa
flabby	flabby
flaccid	flaccid
flag	bendera
flagging	kupiga
flagpole	bendera
flagrant	nzuri
flagship	flagship
flagstaff	bendera
flair	flair
flak	flak
flake	flake
flaky	flaky
flamboyant	flamboyant
flame	moto
flamethrower	flamethrower
flaming	moto
flamingo	flamingo
flammable	Inaweza kuwaka
flan	flan
flange	flange
flank	flank
flanked	flanja
flanking	flanking
flannel	flannel
flap	piga
flapping	kupiga
flare	flare
flares	flares
flaring	kupungua
flash	flash
flashback	kisengere nyuma
flashing	flashing
flashlight	tochi
flashy	flashy
flask	chupa
flat	gorofa
flatbed	flatbed
flatfoot	flatfoot
flatness	kupuuza
flatten	kupigwa
flatter	flatter
flattered	kupendezwa
flattering	kupendeza
flattery	kupendeza
flatulence	kupuuza
flaunt	tamaa
flavor	ladha
flaw	flaw
flawed	kuharibiwa
flawless	bure
flea	kijivu
fleabag	fleabag
fled	walikimbia
flee	kukimbia
fleece	ngozi
fleet	meli
fleeting	kwa muda mfupi
flesh	nyama
fleshy	nyama
flex	sura
flexibility	kubadilika
flexible	rahisi
flexin	kubadilika
flexion	kuruka
flick	Fungua
flicker	flicker
flickering	kupiga
flier	flier
flight	kukimbia
flighty	kukimbia
flimsy	flimsy
flinch	flinch
fling	fling
flint	jiwe
flip	flip
flip flop	flip flop
flipper	flipper
flipping	kuruka
flirt	flirt
flirtation	flirtation
flirting	kucheza
flirty	flirty
float	jenga
floater	floater
flock	kundi
flog	funga
flood	mafuriko
floor	sakafu
flooring	sakafu
floozy	floozy
flop	tambaa
floppy	floppy
flora	flora
floral	maua
florist	mtaalamu
floss	fanya
flotation	flotation
flounder	flounder
flour	unga
flourish	kukua
flow	mtiririko
flower	maua
flowering	maua
flowers	maua
flowery	maua
flows	inapita
flu	mafua
fluctuate	hupungua
fluctuating	hupungua
fluctuation	kushuka kwa thamani
flue	flue
fluency	uwazi
fluent	ufasaha
fluff	Fungua
fluffy	fluffy
fluid	maji
fluidity	fluidity
fluke	kuenea
flunk	flunk
flunky	flunky
fluorescence	fluorescence
fluorescent	fluorescent
flurries	flurries
flurry	flurry
flush	flush
flustered	flustered
flute	flute
fluted	fluted
flutter	flutter
fluvial	maji machafu
flux	inakuja
fly	kuruka
flyboy	flyboy
flyer	flyer
flying	kuruka
flywheel	flywheel
foal	mbwa
foam	povu
foaming	kupumua
foamy	povu
fob	fob
focal	focal
focus	tazama
fodder	chakula
foe	adui
fog	ukungu
foggy	foggy
foil	foil
foiled	kuharibiwa
fold	piga
folded	imefungwa
folder	folda
foliage	majani
folio	folio
folk	watu
folklore	folklore
follicle	follicle
follicular	follicular
follow	Fuata
follower	mfuasi
folly	upumbavu
fond	fond
fondle	fondle
fondling	fondling
fondness	upendo
fondue	fondue
font	font
food	chakula
foodie	foodie
fool	mpumbavu
fooled	alipotosha
foolhardy	foolhardy
fooling	kudanganya
foolish	kijinga
foolishness	upumbavu
foolproof	haipatikani
foot	mguu
foot stool	kinyesi cha miguu
footage	picha
football	soka
footbridge	daraja la chini
foothold	kukuza
footing	kuzingatia
footlocker	footlocker
footloose	kupiga picha
footpath	njia
footprint	footprint
footwear	viatu
footwork	footwork
fop	fop
forage	mbolea
foray	toay
forbearance	uvumilivu
forbid	kukataza
forbidding	kuzuia
force	nguvu
forced	kulazimishwa
forceful	nguvu
forceps	nguvu
forces	majeshi
forcibly	kulazimisha
ford	kanda
fore	mbele
forearm	upangaji
foreboding	kutarajia
forecast	utabiri
forecaster	mchezaji
foreclose	onyesha
foreclosure	kufutwa
forefathers	mababu
forefinger	mtangazaji
forefront	mbele
forego	forego
foregoing	hapo juu
foregone	kabla
foreground	mbele ya mbele
forehead	paji la uso
foreign	kigeni
foreigner	mgeni
foreman	msimamizi
foremost	mbele
forensic	upasuaji
forensics	upasuaji
foreplay	foreplay
forerunner	mtangulizi
foresee	onyesha
foreseen	yaliyotabiriwa
foresight	mtazamo
forest	msitu
forestall	tamaa
forethought	kushangaza
foreveralone	Daima pekee
forevermore	milele
forewarned	alitabiri
foreword	maelekezo
forfeit	inapoteza
forfeited	ilipoteza
forfeiture	forfeiture
forge	futa
forger	kizuizi
forgery	upasuaji
forget	kusahau
forgetful	kusahau
forgetfulness	kusahau
forgive	kusamehe
forgiven	kusamehewa
forgiveness	msamaha
forgiving	kusamehe
forgotten	wamesahau
fork	uma
forked	imefungwa
forking	kupiga
forklift	forklift
forlorn	imetuliwa
form	fomu
formal	rasmi
formaldehyde	formaldehyde
formalism	formalism
formality	utaratibu
format	format
formation	malezi
formative	kuunda
formed	sumu
formidable	ajabu
forming	kutengeneza
formless	haipatikani
formula	formula
formulary	formulary
formulate	fanya
fornicate	kwa uasherati
fornication	uasherati
forsake	shika
forsaken	imesalia
forsooth	sio
fort	fort
forte	NO TRANSLATION
forthcoming	ujao
forthright	dhahiri
forthwith	mara moja
fortification	msamaha
fortify	kuimarisha
fortitude	ujasiri
fortnight	wiki mbili
fortnightly	mara mbili
fortress	ngome
fortuitous	unastahili
fortunate	bahati
fortune	bahati
fortunes	bahati
forty	arobaini
forum	jukwaa
forward	mbele
forwarding	kupeleka
fossil	mafuta
fossils	fossils
foul	mchafu
found	kupatikana
foundation	msingi
founder	mwanzilishi
founding	kuanzisha
foundry	msingi
fountain	chemchemi
four	nne
fourfold	nne
foursome	nne
fourteen	kumi na nne
fourth	nne
fowl	ndege
fox	mbweha
foxhole	piga
foxtrot	foxtrot
foxy	foxy
foyer	foyer
fraction	sehemu
fractional	sehemu
fracture	fracture
fragile	tete
fragility	udhaifu
fragment	kipande
fragmentary	vipande vipande
fragrance	harufu
fragrant	harufu nzuri
frail	dhaifu
frailty	udhaifu
frame	sura
framework	mfumo
franc	franc
franchise	franchise
frank	wazi
frankenstorm	NO TRANSLATION
frankness	kusema ukweli
frantic	hasira
frantically	frantically
frat	frat
fraternal	ndugu
fraternity	udugu
fraud	udanganyifu
fraudulent	ulaghai
fraught	vibaya
fray	fray
frayed	walipotea
frazzled	frazzled
freak	kituko
freaked	imesababishwa
freakedout	NO TRANSLATION
freakingout	NO TRANSLATION
freakish	freakish
freakout	Ogopa
freaky	freaky
freckle	tamaa
free	bure
freebie	freebie
freedom	uhuru
freehold	huru
freelance	kujitegemea
freelancer	freelancer
freely	kwa uhuru
freeman	huru
freestyle	freestyle
freeway	barabara ya barabara
freeze	kufungia
freezer	freezer
freezing	kufungia
freight	mizigo
freighter	wapiganaji
french horn	pembe ya Kifaransa
frenetic	frenetic
frenzied	frenzied
frenzy	frenzy
frequency	mzunguko
frequent	mara kwa mara
frequently	mara kwa mara
fresco	fresco
fresh	safi
freshair	NO TRANSLATION
freshen	freshen
freshener	freshener
freshman	freshman
freshness	safi
freshstart	freshstart
freshwater	maji safi
fret	fret
fretful	fretful
friar	friar
fricking	fricking
friction	msuguano
friday	Ijumaa
fridge	friji
fried	Fried
friend	rafiki
friendless	wasio na upendo
friendliness	urafiki
friendly	kirafiki
friends	marafiki
friendship	urafiki
frigate	frigate
friggen	NO TRANSLATION
fright	hofu
frighten	hofu
frightened	hofu
frightening	hofu
frightful	hofu
frigid	frigid
fringe	pindo
fringed	fringed
frisbee	frisbee
frisk	NO TRANSLATION
frisky	frisky
frivolous	frivolous
frock	Funga
frog	chupa
froggy	froggy
frolic	frolic
front	mbele
frontage	frontage
frontal	mbele
frontier	frontier
fronting	mbele
frontispiece	mbele
frost	baridi
frostbite	baridi
frosted	frosted
frosting	ukali
frosty	baridi
froth	baridi
frothy	futi
frown	fanya
frowning	kusisimua
frozen	waliohifadhiwa
frugal	frugal
fruit	matunda
fruit punch	punch ya matunda
fruitcake	matunda
fruitful	huzaa
fruition	fruition
fruitless	bila matunda
fruits	matunda
fruity	fruity
frustrate	tamaa
frustrated	walifadhaika
frustrates	huvunjika moyo
frustrating	kuchanganyikiwa
frustration	kuchanganyikiwa
fry	kaanga
fryer	Fryer
fuchsia	fuchsia
fuck	fuck
fuckedoff	fuckedoff
fucker	fucker
fucking	fucking
fuckoff	fuckoff
fucksake	fucksake
fucktard	fucktard
fuckyeah	fuckyeah
fudge	fudge
fuel	mafuta
fugitive	mkimbizi
fulcrum	fulcrum
fulfill	kutimiza
fulfilled	ilitimizwa
fulfilling	kutimiza
fulfillment	kutimiza
full	kamili
fullback	kurudi
fullness	ukamilifu
fully	kikamilifu
fulsome	fulsome
fumble	fumble
fume	fume
fumigation	ufumbuzi
fumin	NO TRANSLATION
fuming	kufuta
fun	furaha
function	kazi
functional	kazi
fund	mfuko
fundamental	msingi
fundamentalist	msingiistist
fundamentally	kimsingi
funday	siku ya furaha
funding	fedha
fundraiser	fundraiser
fundraising	harambee
funds	fedha
funeral	mazishi
fungus	Kuvu
funk	funk
funky	funky
funnel	funnel
funny	funny
fur	manyoya
furious	hasira
furiously	kwa bidii
furlong	furlong
furlough	furlough
furnace	tanuru
furnish	samani
furnishings	vifaa
furniture	samani
furor	furor
furrow	mto
furry	furry
furtherance	uendelezaji
fury	hasira
fuse	fuse
fuselage	fuselage
fusion	fusion
fuss	fuss
fussy	fussy
fustrated	NO TRANSLATION
futile	bure
futility	ubatili
futon	Futon
future	baadaye
fuzz	fuzz
fuzzy	fuzzy
gab	NO TRANSLATION
gaby	gaby
gad	gad
gadget	gadget
gaff	gaff
gag	gag
gaga	gaga
gage	gage
gaggle	gaggle
gahhh	NO TRANSLATION
gaiety	ujasiri
gain	kupata
gainful	faida
gaining	kupata
gait	gait
gal	gal
gala	gala
galactic	galactic
galaxy	galaxy
gale	gale
gall	ndoo
gallant	gumu
gallantry	gallantry
gallbladder	gallbladder
galled	imesimama
gallery	nyumba ya sanaa
galley	galley
gallon	gallon
gallop	mshambuliaji
galloping	kupigia
gallows	mti
galore	galore
galvanic	galvanic
gamble	mchezaji
gambler	kamari
gambling	kamari
game	mchezo
gameday	gameday
gametime	mchezo wa mchezo
gaming	michezo ya kubahatisha
gamma	gamma
gammon	gammon
gamut	gamut
gander	gander
gang	genge
gangland	gangland
gangrene	pigo
gangster	gangster
gangway	chuo
gaol	gaol
gap	pengo
gape	fanya
gaping	gaping
garage	karakana
garb	kitambaa
garbage	takataka
garbled	imesababishwa
garden	bustani
gardener	bustani
gardening	bustani
gardens	bustani
gargle	piga
gargoyle	gargoyle
garish	tamaa
garlic	vitunguu
garment	vazi
garner	garner
garnet	garnet
garnish	kupamba
garrison	gereza
garter	garter
gas	gesi
gaseous	gaseous
gash	gash
gasification	gasification
gasket	gasket
gasoline	petroli
gasp	shika
gasping	kupiga
gassy	gassy
gastric	tumbo
gastronomy	gastronomy
gate	lango
gatekeeper	mlango
gateway	lango
gather	kukusanya
gatherer	mkusanyiko
gathering	kukusanya
gator	gator
gatorade	gatorade
gauche	NO TRANSLATION
gaudy	jioni
gauge	kupima
gauging	kupiga
gaunt	kupiga
gauntlet	gauntlet
gauze	jani
gavel	gavel
gawk	gawk
gay	mashoga
gaze	tazama
gazebo	gazebo
gazelle	kauli
gazette	gazeti
gazetteer	gazeti
gazillion	gazillion
gazing	kuangalia
gear	gear
geek	geek
geeky	geeky
geez	geez
geezer	geezer
geisha	geisha
gel	gel
gelatin	gelatin
geld	NO TRANSLATION
gelding	gelding
gem	gem
gemini	gemini
gender	jinsia
genealogy	kizazi
general	jumla
generality	kawaida
generalization	generalization
generally	kwa ujumla
generate	kuzalisha
generation	kizazi
generative	kizazi
generator	jenereta
generic	generic
generosity	ukarimu
generous	ukarimu
genesis	genesis
genetic	maumbile
genetics	kizazi
genial	mtazamo
genie	genie
genital	kijinsia
genitalia	genitalia
genius	fikra
genocide	mauaji ya halaiki
genome	genome
genre	aina
gent	gent
genteel	genteel
gentile	heshima
gentle	mpole
gentleman	muungwana
gentlemanly	mpole
gentleness	upole
gently	upole
gentry	gentry
genuine	kweli
genus	jenasi
geographic	kijiografia
geographical	kijiografia
geography	jiografia
geological	kijiolojia
geologist	jiolojia
geology	jiolojia
geometric	jiometri
geometry	jiometri
geranium	geranium
gerbil	gerbil
geriatric	geriatric
germ	virusi
german	Kijerumani
germane	nia
germinate	kuota
germination	kuota
germs	magonjwa
gestation	gestation
gesture	ishara
get	kupata
getaway	getaway
getoverit	NO TRANSLATION
getoveryourself	NO TRANSLATION
getup	simama
getyourown	kupata
ghastly	ghafla
ghetto	ghetto
ghost	roho
ghostly	ghostly
ghoul	ghoul
giant	kubwa
gibberish	gibberish
giddy	giddy
gift	zawadi
gifted	vipawa
gifts	zawadi
gig	gig
gigantic	gigantic
giggle	chekacheka
giggles	giggles
giggling	kupigana
gigolo	gigolo
gilded	ilifungwa
gill	gill
gills	gills
gilt	gilt
gimmick	gimmick
gimp	gimp
gin	gin
ginger	tangawizi
gingerbread	gingerbread
gingerly	gingerly
ginseng	ginseng
giraffe	twiga
girder	kanda
girdle	kitanda
girl	msichana
girlfriend	mpenzi
girlie	girlie
girlish	girlish
girly	girly
girth	nguo
gist	kiu
give	kutoa
giveaway	kutoa
giver	NO TRANSLATION
giving	kutoa
gizmo	gizmo
gizzard	gizzard
glabrous	glabrous
glacial	glacial
glacier	glacier
glad	furahi
glade	glade
gladiator	gladiator
gladness	furaha
glamorous	kupendeza
glamour	kupendeza
glance	mtazamo
gland	gland
glare	glare
glaring	kupungua
glass	kioo
glasses	glasi
glassware	glasi
glaucoma	glaucoma
glaze	glaze
glazed	glazed
gleam	gleam
gleaming	kuwaka
glean	panya
glee	glee
gleeful	mzuri
glen	tamaa
glib	glib
glide	glide
glider	glider
glimmer	glimmer
glimpse	onyesha
glint	glint
glisten	onyesha
glitch	glitch
glitter	pambo
glittering	kuangaza
gloat	kashfa
global	kimataifa
globe	globe
globular	globular
gloom	giza
gloomy	mbaya
glorification	utukufu
glorified	alitukuzwa
glorify	kumtukuza
glorious	utukufu
glory	utukufu
gloss	gloss
glossary	glossary
glossy	glossy
glove	glove
gloves	kinga
glow	mwanga
glowing	in'aa
glucose	glucose
glue	gundi
glum	glum
glut	glut
gluten	gluten
glutton	glutton
gluttony	ukatili
glycerin	glycerini
gnat	nyanya
gnome	Bunda
go	nenda
goal	lengo
goalie	kipaji
goals	malengo
goat	mbuzi
goatee	goatee
gob	gob
gobble	gobble
goblet	goblet
goblin	goblin
god	mungu
godbless	NO TRANSLATION
goddamn	goddamn
goddamned	imetumwa
goddess	Mungu wa kike
godfather	godfather
godforsaken	godforsaken
godisgood	godisgood
godisgreat	NO TRANSLATION
godless	wasiomcha Mungu
godlike	mungu kama
godly	waumini
godmother	godmother
godsend	godsend
godson	godson
gofuckyourself	gofucky mwenyewe
goggle	nguruwe
goggles	magogo
gold	dhahabu
golden	dhahabu
goldfish	dhahabu
golf	golf
golfer	golfer
golfing	golfing
gondola	gondola
gone	wamekwenda
goner	goner
gong	NO TRANSLATION
gonorrhea	gonorrhea
goo	goo
goober	goober
good	nzuri
goodbye	faida
goodday	NO TRANSLATION
goodfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
goodhealth	NO TRANSLATION
goodie	goodie
goodies	goodies
goodlife	maisha mazuri
goodly	vizuri
goodmood	NO TRANSLATION
goodmorning	Habari za asubuhi
goodmusic	goodmusic
goodness	wema
goodnews	habari njema
goods	bidhaa
goodtimes	nyakati nzuri
goodvibes	NO TRANSLATION
goodwill	wema
goody	nzuri
gooey	gooey
goof	goof
goofball	goofball
goofy	goofy
goon	endelea
gooood	gooood
goop	goop
goose	goose
gopher	gopher
gore	gore
gorge	gorge
gorgeous	nzuri
gorilla	gorilla
gory	gory
gospel	injili
gossip	uvumi
gothic	Gothia
gouge	gouge
goulash	goulash
gourd	gourd
gourmet	gourmet
gout	gout
govern	utawala
governess	uhamiaji
governing	kusimamia
government	serikali
governmental	serikali
governor	gavana
gown	kanzu
grab	kunyakua
grace	neema
graceful	neema
gracias	NO TRANSLATION
gracious	neema
graciously	kwa neema
grad	NO TRANSLATION
gradation	gradation
grade	daraja
graded	imefungwa
grader	grader
grades	darasa
gradient	gradient
gradschool	NO TRANSLATION
gradual	taratibu
gradually	hatua kwa hatua
graduate	Hitimu
graduation	uhitimu
graffiti	graffiti
graft	graft
grail	grail
grain	nafaka
gram	gramu
grammar	sarufi
grand	grand
grand theft auto	wizi mkubwa auto
grandchild	mjukuu
grandchildren	wajukuu
granddad	granddad
granddaddy	granddaddy
granddaughter	mjukuu wa kike
grandeur	ukuu
grandfather	babu
grandiose	grandiose
grandma	bibi
grandmother	bibi
grandpa	babu
grandson	mjukuu
grandstand	grandstand
grange	piga
granite	granite
granny	Granny
granola	granola
grant	ruzuku
granted	imepewa
grantee	mfadhili
grantor	mtoaji
granular	punjepunje
granule	granule
grape	zabibu
grape juice	juisi ya zabibu
grapefruit	mazabibu
grapes	zabibu
grapevine	mizabibu
graph	grafu
graphic	graphic
graphics	graphics
graphite	grafiti
grapple	shika
grappling	kupigana
grasp	kufahamu
grasping	kushikilia
grass	nyasi
grasshopper	mbwa
grassy	nyasi
grate	wavu
grated	iliyokatwa
grateful	kushukuru
gratification	furaha
gratified	walifurahia
gratify	fanya
gratifying	kuvutia
grating	mgawanyiko
gratis	NO TRANSLATION
gratitude	shukrani
gratuitous	bureous
gratuity	bila malipo
grave	kaburi
gravel	kokoto
graver	NO TRANSLATION
graveyard	makaburi
gravitate	futa
gravitation	gravitation
gravitational	mvuto
gravity	mvuto
gravy	gravy
gray	kijivu
graze	kula
grease	Grisi
greased	mafuta
greaser	greaser
greasy	greasy
great	kubwa
great anticipation	kutarajia kubwa
great aunt	shangazi
great disgust	chuki kubwa
great grandfather	babu kubwa
great grandma	grandma
great grandmother	bibi kubwa
great grandpa	babu kubwa
great surprise	mshangao mkubwa
great trust	imani kubwa
great uncle	mjomba mkubwa
greatday	NO TRANSLATION
greater	zaidi
greatest	kubwa zaidi
greatfriends	NO TRANSLATION
greatful	NO TRANSLATION
greatly	sana
greatly negative	sana hasi
greatly positive	sana chanya
greatness	ukuu
greatnight	NO TRANSLATION
greed	tamaa
greedy	wenye tamaa
green	kijani
green bean	maharagwe ya kijani
green pepper	pilipili ya kijani
green snake	nyoka ya kijani
greenhouse	chafu
greenish	kijani
greenwood	kijani
greet	salamu
greeted	alisalimu
greeting	salamu
gregarious	mshikamano
grenade	grenade
grey	kijivu
greyhound	greyhound
grid	gridi ya taifa
gridiron	gridiron
grief	majonzi
grievance	malalamiko
grieve	huzuni
grieved	huzuni
grieving	huzuni
grievous	kibaya
griffin	griffin
grill	Grill
grille	grille
grilled	grilled
grim	mbaya
grime	grime
grimy	grimy
grin	grin
grind	saga
grinder	kusaga
grinding	kusaga
grindstone	grindstone
gringo	gringo
grip	ushike
gripe	gripe
grisly	grisly
grist	grist
grit	grit
grits	grits
gritty	gritty
grizzly	grizzly
groan	sungumza
grocer	kulazimisha
groceries	mboga
grocery	mboga
groggy	groggy
groin	mimba
groom	bwana
groove	Groove
groovy	groovy
grope	kupumba
gross	jumla
grotesque	mno
grotto	grotto
grouch	kikundi
grouchy	grouchy
ground	ardhi
grounded	imara
groundhog	udongo
grounding	kuimarisha
groundless	haipatikani
grounds	misingi
groundwork	msingi
group	kikundi
groupie	groupie
grouping	kikundi
grouse	jumuisha
grout	grout
grove	Grove
grovel	panda
grow	kukua
growl	mkulima
growling	kupendeza
growls	punda
grownup	mzima
growth	ukuaji
growthefuckup	kukua
grr	grr
grrr	grrr
grrrrr	grrrrr
grub	grub
grubby	grubby
grudge	kinyongo
grudging	kuogopa
grudgingly	ghafula
gruel	gruel
grueling	kuongezeka
gruesome	gruesome
gruff	gruff
grumble	tamaa
grump	grump
grumpy	grumpy
grunt	piga
grunting	kukupa
guacamole	guacamole
guano	guano
guarantee	dhamana
guaranty	guaranty
guard	kulinda
guarded	walindwa
guardhouse	nyumba ya walinzi
guardian	mlezi
guardianship	uhifadhi
guards	walinzi
gubernatorial	gubernatorial
guerilla	NO TRANSLATION
guerrilla	guerrilla
guess	nadhani
guesser	guesser
guesswork	guesswork
guest	mgeni
guesthouse	nyumba ya wageni
guidance	mwongozo
guide	mwongozo
guidebook	mwongozo
guidelines	miongozo
guiding	kuongoza
guild	kikundi
guile	uongo
guillotine	guillotine
guilt	hatia
guilty	mwenye hatia
guinea	Guinea
guise	fanya
guitar	gitaa
guitarist	gitaa
gules	gules
gulf	ghuba
gull	gull
gullet	gullet
gullible	kupuuza
gully	gully
gulp	gulp
gum	gum
gumbo	gumbo
gummy	gummy
gumption	gumption
gun	bunduki
gunboat	gunboat
gunfight	gunfight
gunfighter	gunfighter
gunfire	bunduki
gunk	gunk
gunman	gunman
gunmen	wapiganaji
gunner	gunner
gunnery	gunnery
gunplay	gunplay
gunpoint	gunpoint
gunpowder	bunduki
gunshot	bunduki
gunslinger	gunslinger
gurney	gurney
guru	guru
gush	kumeza
gusher	gusher
gusset	gusset
gust	gust
gusto	NO TRANSLATION
gusty	gusty
gut	gut
gutless	kutokuwa na maji
guts	guts
gutsy	gutsy
gutter	chupa
guy	guy
guzzler	guzzler
guzzling	guzzling
gym	mazoezi
gymnasium	gymnasium
gymnast	Gymnast
gymnastic	gymnastic
gymnastics	mazoezi
gynecologist	gynecologist
gynecology	gynecology
gypsy	gypsy
gyroscope	gyroscope
habit	tabia
habitat	makazi
habitation	makaazi
habitual	kawaida
habitually	kawaida
hacienda	hacienda
hack	hack
hacker	hacker
hacksaw	hacksaw
hadenough	NO TRANSLATION
hag	Hag
haggard	haggard
haggle	hamba
haiku	haiku
hail	mvua
hair	nywele
hairball	hairball
hairbrush	nywele za nywele
haircut	kukata nywele
hairdo	nywele
hairdresser	mchungaji
hairdryer	nywele za nywele
hairless	hairless
hairline	nywele
hairpin	hairpin
hairspray	hairspray
hairstyle	hairstyle
hairy	hairy
hale	hele
half	nusu
half dollar	nusu ya dola
halfback	nusu
halftime	nusu
halfway	nusu
halibut	halibut
hall	ukumbi
hallelujah	halleluya
hallmark	inaonyesha
hallowed	takatifu
hallucination	ukumbusho
hallway	barabara ya ukumbi
halo	halo
halt	piga
halter	halter
halting	kuacha
halve	nusu
halving	kupungua
ham	ham
hamburger	hamburger
hamlet	nyundo
hammer	nyundo
hammerhead	nyundo ya nyundo
hammering	kunyoosha
hammock	hammock
hamper	kuacha
hamster	hamster
hamstring	nyundo
hand	mkono
handbag	mkoba
handball	Handball
handbook	Kitabu
handcuff	pingu
handful	wachache
handgun	handgun
handheld	handheld
handicap	ulemavu
handicapped	walemavu
handicraft	handicraft
handiwork	kazi za mikono
handkerchief	kikapu
handle	kushughulikia
handler	ushughulikiaji
handmade	handmade
handout	mtoaji
handprint	kitambulisho
handshake	handshake
handsome	nzuri
handwriting	mwandishi
handy	handy
handyman	handyman
hang	panga
hangar	hangar
hanger	hanger
hanging	kunyongwa
hangman	hangman
hangout	hangout
hangover	hangover
hangry	NO TRANSLATION
hank	hank
hankering	kukimbia
hanky	hanky
hap	NO TRANSLATION
haphazard	haipasi
hapless	haifai
happen	kutokea
happening	kinachotokea
happier	furaha
happiest	furaha zaidi
happily	kwa furaha
happiness	furaha
happy	furaha
happydance	furaha
happyday	siku ya furaha
happyheart	furaha
happyholidays	NO TRANSLATION
happynewyear	NO TRANSLATION
happyplace	NO TRANSLATION
happytweet	NO TRANSLATION
happyvalentinesday	NO TRANSLATION
harass	kusumbua
harassing	kunusumbua
harassment	unyanyasaji
harbinger	kizuizi
harbor	bandari
hard	ngumu
hardball	hardball
hardcore	hardcore
harden	ngumu
hardened	ngumu
hardening	kuimarisha
hardheaded	kichwa kikuu
hardness	ugumu
hardship	shida
hardware	vifaa
hardwood	ngumu
hardworking	mchapakazi
hardy	vigumu
hare	hare
harebrained	sungura
harem	harem
hark	hark
harlot	kahaba
harm	kuumiza
harmful	hatari
harmless	wasio na hatia
harmonica	harmonica
harmonics	harmonics
harmonious	inafanana
harmoniously	kwa usawa
harmonize	kuunganisha
harmony	maelewano
harness	kuunganisha
harp	harp
harper	harper
harpoon	chupa
harpsichord	harpsichord
harrowing	kuumiza
harry	harry
harsh	ngumu
harshness	ukali
hart	hart
harvest	mavuno
hash	hash
hashish	hashish
hassle	Hassle
haste	haraka
hasten	haraka
hastily	haraka
hasty	haraka
hat	kofia
hatch	kukata
hatchet	chupa
hate	chukia
hateeee	NO TRANSLATION
hateeveryone	NO TRANSLATION
hateful	chuki
hater	anachukia
hateyou	NO TRANSLATION
hating	kuchukia
hatred	chuki
haughty	wenye kiburi
haul	piga
haulage	kukimbia
haunt	haunt
haunted	haunted
have	kuwa na
haven	makao
havoc	havoc
haw	haw
hawk	hawk
hawking	hawking
hay	NO TRANSLATION
haye	haye
hayride	hayride
haystack	msipu wa nyasi
haywire	haywire
hazard	hatari
hazardous	hatari
haze	haze
hazmat	hazmat
hazy	hazy
head	kichwa
headache	kichwa
headaches	maumivu ya kichwa
headband	kichwa
headdress	kichwa cha kichwa
header	kichwa
headgear	kichwa
heading	kuelekea
headland	kichwa
headless	bila kichwa
headlight	kichwa
headline	kichwa cha habari
headliner	kichwa cha kichwa
headlock	kichwa
headlong	kichwa
headmaster	msimamizi mkuu
headphones	vichwa vya sauti
headquarter	makao makuu
headquarters	makao makuu
headset	kichwa
headstone	jiwe la kichwa
headstrong	kichwa
headway	barabara kuu
heady	kichwa
heal	kuponya
healer	mponyaji
healing	kuponya
health	afya
healthcare	Huduma ya afya
healthful	afya
healthy	afya
heap	lundo
hear	kusikia
hearer	msikilizaji
hearing	kusikia
hearsay	kusikia
hearse	mkutano
heart	moyo
heart disease	ugonjwa wa moyo
heartache	maumivu ya moyo
heartattack	NO TRANSLATION
heartbeat	moyo
heartbreak	kuvunjika moyo
heartbreaker	mkosaji wa moyo
heartbreaking	kuumiza moyo
heartbroken	moyo
heartburn	kuchochea moyo
hearted	moyo
heartfelt	kutoka kwa moyo
hearth	makao
heartily	kwa moyo wote
heartland	heartland
heartless	wasio na moyo
hearts	mioyo
heartsick	heartick
heartworm	moyo
hearty	moyoy
heat	joto
heated	hasira
heater	heater
heath	heath
heathen	wafalme
heather	heather
heating	inapokanzwa
heave	toa
heaven	mbinguni
heavenly	mbinguni
heavens	mbingu
heavily	sana
heaviness	uzito
heaving	kupungua
heavy	nzito
heavy metal	chuma nzito
heavyweight	nzito
heck	heck
hectares	hekta
hectic	hectic
hedge	ua
hedgehog	hedgehog
hedonism	hedonism
hee	hee
heed	tahadhari
heel	kisigino
heels	visigino
heft	heft
hefty	hefty
hegemonic	hegemonic
heheh	NO TRANSLATION
heifer	heifer
height	urefu
heighten	ongeze
heightened	imeongezeka
heinous	uovu
heir	mrithi
heiress	heiress
heirloom	heirloom
heirs	warithi
heist	heist
helical	helical
helicopter	helikopta
helipad	helipad
heliport	heliport
helium	heliamu
helix	helix
hell	Jahannamu
hellfire	moto wa kuzimu
hellhole	hellhole
hellish	hellish
helm	helm
helmet	kofia
helmsman	helmsman
help	msaada
helper	msaidizi
helpful	husaidia
helpless	wasio na msaada
helplessness	udhaifu
hem	NO TRANSLATION
hematite	hematite
hematoma	hematoma
hemi	hemi
hemisphere	hemphere
hemispheric	hemispheric
hemlock	hemlock
hemoglobin	hemoglobin
hemorrhage	uharibifu wa damu
hemorrhoids	hemorrhoids
hemostat	hemostat
hemp	kifua
hen	NO TRANSLATION
henceforth	tangu sasa
henhouse	henhouse
hepatitis	hepatitis
herald	herald
heraldry	heraldry
herb	mimea
herbaceous	herbaceous
herbal	mimea
herbarium	mimea
herbs	mimea
herd	ng'ombe
hereditary	urithi
heredity	urithi
heresy	uzushi
heretic	kihistoria
heretical	hisia
heretofore	hapo awali
hereunto	hapaunto
herewith	hapa
heritage	urithi
hermaphrodite	hermaphrodite
hermeneutics	hermeneutics
hermit	mkutano
hernia	hernia
hero	shujaa
heroic	shujaa
heroics	mashujaa
heroin	heroin
heroine	heroine
heroism	ujasiri
herpes	herpes
herpesvirus	herpesvirus
herring	herring
hertz	hertz
hesitant	kusita
hesitate	kusita
hesitating	kusita
hesitation	kusita
hetero	hetero
heterogeneity	heterogeneity
heterosexual	heterosexual
hew	hew
hex	hex
hexagon	hexagon
heyday	heyday
hiatus	hiatus
hibernate	hibernate
hibernation	hibernation
hiccup	hiccup
hick	hick
hickey	hikkey
hickory	hickory
hidden	siri
hide	kujificha
hideaway	jificha
hideous	hideous
hideout	kujificha
hiding	kujificha
hierarchical	hierarchical
hierarchy	uongozi
hieroglyphics	hieroglyphics
high	juu
high heels	visigino
highball	highball
higher	juu
highest	juu
highland	barafu
highlands	vilima
highlight	kuonyesha
highness	ukubwa
hight	ukuta
hightail	rejareja
highway	barabara kuu
hijack	wizi
hijacker	nyaraji
hike	kuongezeka
hiker	msafiri
hiking	kutembea
hiking boot	kuendesha boot
hilarious	wenye hilarious
hilarity	hilarity
hill	kilima
hillside	kilima
hilltop	kilima
hilly	hilly
hilt	hilt
hind	nyuma
hinder	kuzuia
hindering	kuzuia
hindrance	kizuizi
hindsight	hindsight
hinge	kizuizi
hint	kidokezo
hinterland	nchi ya nchi
hip	hip
hip hop	hip hop
hippie	hippie
hippo	kiboko
hippopotamus	kiboko
hire	kukodisha
hirsute	tamaa
hiss	hiss
hissing	kupiga kelele
histology	histology
historian	mwanahistoria
historic	kihistoria
historical	kihistoria
historiography	historia
history	historia
hit	hit
hitch	tochi
hitchhike	hitchhike
hitchhiker	mchezaji
hitherto	hadi leo
hitter	hitter
hive	mzinga
hives	mizinga
hoard	hoard
hoarse	tamaa
hoary	hoary
hoax	utapeli
hob	kitanda
hobbit	hobbit
hobby	hobby
hobo	hobo
hock	shika
hockey	Hockey
hoe	NO TRANSLATION
hog	nguruwe
hogwash	hogwash
hohoho	NO TRANSLATION
hoist	ukingo
hokey	hokey
hold	kushikilia
holder	mmiliki
holding	kushikilia
holdup	ngoja
hole	shimo
holiday	Sikukuu
holidays	likizo
holidayseason	NO TRANSLATION
holiness	utakatifu
holistic	jumla
holler	holler
hollow	mashimo
holly	holly
holocaust	holocaust
hologram	hologramu
holographic	holographic
holster	holster
holy	takatifu
holyspirit	NO TRANSLATION
homage	heshima
hombre	NO TRANSLATION
hombres	NO TRANSLATION
home	nyumbani
homeboy	nyumbaniboy
homecoming	kukuza
homeland	nchi
homeless	wasio na makazi
homely	heshima
homemade	kufanya kazi
homeopathic	homeopathic
homeopathy	upigiaji
homeowner	mwenye nyumba
homeroom	homeroom
homesick	kuchukia nyumbani
homestead	makazi
homesweethome	homesweethome
hometown	mji
homeward	kwenda nyumbani
homework	kazi ya nyumbani
homey	homey
homicidal	homicidal
homicide	kujiua
homily	homily
homing	homing
hominy	uharibifu
homo	homo
homogeneity	homogeneity
homogeneous	sawa
homologous	homologous
homologue	homologue
homology	homology
homophobic	wanadamu
homosexual	mashoga
homosexuality	ushoga
honcho	honcho
hone	hone
honest	waaminifu
honesty	uaminifu
honey	asali
honeycomb	asali
honeymoon	asali
honeysuckle	honeysuckle
honk	honk
honky	honky
honor	heshima
honorable	heshima
honorarium	heshima
honorary	heshima
honored	kuheshimiwa
hooch	kosa
hood	hood
hooded	zimefungwa
hoodlum	hoodlum
hoof	kofia
hook	ndoano
hooked	yaliyopigwa
hooker	hooker
hookup	kukuza
hooky	ndoano
hooligan	hofu
hoop	kitanzi
hoopla	hoopla
hooray	hooray
hoot	hoot
hooter	hooter
hop	hop
hope	tumaini
hopeful	matumaini
hopeless	tumaini
hopelessness	kutokuwa na tamaa
hopes	matumaini
hoping	matumaini
hopper	hopper
horde	horde
horizon	upeo wa macho
horizontal	usawa
horizontally	usawa
hormonal	homoni
hormone	homoni
horn	pembe
horned	huwa
hornet	hornet
horny	horny
horoscope	horoscope
horrendous	mbaya
horrible	kutisha
horribly	horribly
horrid	tamaa
horrific	kutisha
horrified	hofu
horrifying	hofu
horror	hofu
horrors	hofu
horse	farasi
horseback	farasi
horseman	farasi
horsepower	farasi
horseradish	horseradish
horseshit	farasi
horseshoe	farasi
horsey	horsey
horticultural	maua
horticulture	kilimo cha maua
hosannah	NO TRANSLATION
hose	hose
hosiery	hosiery
hospice	hospice
hospitable	mkaribishaji
hospital	hospitali
hospitality	ukarimu
host	mwenyeji
hostage	mateka
hostel	hosteli
hostess	mhudumu
hostile	chuki
hostilities	vita
hostility	uadui
hot	moto
hot sauce	mchuzi wa moto
hotbed	hotbed
hotdog	hotdog
hotel	hoteli
hothead	hothead
hotline	Saa ya mwisho
hotshot	hotshot
hotyoga	NO TRANSLATION
hound	hound
hour	saa
hourglass	hourglass
hourly	saa
house	nyumba
houseboat	nyumba ya nyumba
houseboy	mke wa nyumba
housebroken	housebroken
houseguest	mwenye nyumba
household	kaya
householder	mwenye nyumba
housekeeper	mwenye nyumba
housekeeping	uhifadhi wa nyumba
housewarming	housewarming
housewife	mama wa nyumbani
housework	kazi za nyumbani
housing	nyumba
hovel	hovel
hover	hover
hovercraft	hovercraft
howl	piga kelele
howsoever	kila kitu
hoy	NO TRANSLATION
hub	kitovu
hubby	hubby
huckleberry	huckleberry
huddle	huddle
hue	hue
huff	huff
huffy	huffy
hug	kumkumbatia
huge	kubwa
hugger	hugger
huggy	huggy
hugs	hukumbwa
hulk	hulk
hull	piga
hum	hum
human	binadamu
humane	utulivu
humanitarian	kibinadamu
humanities	binadamu
humanity	ubinadamu
humankind	wanadamu
humanoid	humanoid
humanrights	NO TRANSLATION
humble	wanyenyekevu
humbled	imeshushwa
humbly	kwa unyenyekevu
humbug	humbug
humdrum	humdrum
humid	unyevu
humidity	unyevu
humiliate	dharau
humiliated	aibu
humiliating	kudhalilisha
humiliation	udhalilishaji
humility	unyenyekevu
hummer	hummer
hummingbird	hummingbird
humongous	humongous
humor	ucheshi
humored	alifurahi
humorist	humorist
humorous	humorous
hump	vurugu
humpback	humpback
hunch	uwindaji
hunchback	hunchback
hundred	mia
hundredth	mia
hunger	njaa
hungry	njaa
hunk	hunk
hunks	hunks
hunky	hunky
hunt	kuwinda
hunter	wawindaji
hunting	uwindaji
huntress	wawindaji
hurdle	shika
hurl	piga
hurrah	hurray
hurricane	kimbunga
hurricanes	vimbunga
hurried	haraka
hurry	haraka
hurryup	NO TRANSLATION
hurt	kuumiza
hurtful	kuumiza
hurting	kuumiza
husband	mume
husbandry	mkulima
hush	nyamaza
hushed	hushed
husk	NO TRANSLATION
husky	husky
hussy	hussy
hustle	piga
hustler	hustler
hut	kibanda
hutch	kibanda
hyacinth	hyacinth
hybrid	mseto
hydra	hydra
hydrant	hydrant
hydrate	hydrate
hydraulic	majimaji
hydraulics	majimaji
hydrocephalus	hydrocephalus
hydrodynamics	hydrodynamics
hydrogen	hidrojeni
hydrographic	hydrographic
hydrology	hidrojeni
hydrophobia	hydrophobia
hydroponics	hydroponics
hyena	hyena
hygiene	usafi
hygienic	usafi
hygienist	usafi
hymen	watu
hymn	nyimbo
hype	tamaa
hyped	imefungwa
hyper	hyper
hyperactive	haiwezi
hyperbole	mchanganyiko
hyperspace	hyperspace
hypertension	shinikizo la damu
hypertrophy	hypertrophy
hyperventilate	kuhamasisha
hyperventilating	hyperventilating
hyphen	hyphen
hypnosis	hypnosis
hypnotic	hypnotic
hypnotist	hypnotist
hypnotize	hisia
hypnotized	hypnotized
hypochondriac	hypochondriac
hypocrisy	unafiki
hypocrite	wafiki
hypocritical	unafiki
hypodermic	hypodermic
hypothalamus	hypothalamus
hypothermia	hypothermia
hypothesis	hypothesis
hypothetical	hypothetical
hysterectomy	hysterectomy
hysteria	hysteria
hysterical	hysterical
ibuprofen	ibuprofen
ice	barafu
ice tea	Chai barafu
iceberg	barafu
icebox	barafu la barafu
icebreaker	kivuli cha barafu
iced	iced
icing	icing
icky	icky
icon	icon
iconic	iconic
iconography	iconography
icy	Icy
id	id
idea	wazo
ideal	bora
idealism	idealism
idealist	boraist
idealistic	idealistic
identical	kufanana
identically	sawa
identification	kitambulisho
identify	tambua
identity	utambulisho
ideology	itikadi
idiocy	idiocy
idiom	idiom
idiomatic	idiomatic
idiot	idiot
idiotic	idiotic
idiots	idiots
idle	bila kazi
idleness	ujinga
idler	tamaa
idol	sanamu
idolatry	ibada ya sanamu
idolizing	kuifanya
idyllic	idyllic
iffy	iffy
ifonly	ifonly
igloo	igloo
igneous	hasira
ignite	onya
ignition	kupuuza
ignorance	ujinga
ignorant	hawajui
ignore	kupuuza
iguana	iguana
ihatespiders	NO TRANSLATION
ilk	NO TRANSLATION
ill	mgonjwa
illegal	kinyume cha sheria
illegality	kinyume cha sheria
illegally	kinyume cha sheria
illegible	halali
illegitimate	halali
illicit	halali
illiterate	hawajasome
illness	ugonjwa
illogical	halali
illuminate	kuangaza
illuminating	kuangaza
illumination	mwanga
illuminator	mwanga
illusion	udanganyifu
illustrate	kuonyesha
illustration	mfano
illustrative	kielelezo
illustrious	kizuri
ilovechristmas	NO TRANSLATION
iloveher	NO TRANSLATION
image	picha
imagery	picha
imaginable	inawezekana
imaginary	kufikiria
imagination	mawazo
imaginative	kufikiri
imagine	fikiria
imagined	alifikiria
imaging	imaging
imagining	kufikiri
imam	NO TRANSLATION
imbalance	usawa
imbecile	imbecile
imbedded	imefungwa
imissyou	NO TRANSLATION
imitate	kuiga
imitated	imiga
imitation	kuiga
immaculate	salama
immaterial	haiwezi
immature	mchanga
immaturity	ukomavu
immeasurable	haiwezekani
immeasurably	imesasurably
immediacy	haraka
immediate	haraka
immediately	mara moja
immemorial	kumbukumbu
immense	kubwa
immerse	kuzama
immersion	kuzamishwa
immigrant	wahamiaji
immigration	uhamiaji
imminent	karibu
immobile	immobile
immoral	uovu
immorality	uasherati
immortal	haiwezi
immortality	kutokufa
immovable	isiyohamishika
immune	kinga
immunity	kinga
immunization	chanjo
immutable	haiwezekani
imp	imp
impact	athari
impair	uharibifu
impaired	kuharibika
impairment	uharibifu
impart	kutoa
impartial	bila upendeleo
impartiality	upendeleo
impassable	haiwezi kuharibika
impassioned	wenye huruma
impatience	uvumilivu
impatient	subira
impatiently	NO TRANSLATION
impeach	impeach
impeachment	uharibifu
impeccable	haiwezekani
impede	kuzuia
impediment	kikwazo
impelled	imesababishwa
impending	inakaribia
impenetrable	haiwezi kuingiliwa
imperative	muhimu
imperceptible	haipatikani
imperfect	haiwezi
imperfection	kutokamilika
imperfectly	kikamilifu
imperial	mfalme
imperialist	NO TRANSLATION
impermeable	haiwezekani
impermissible	imara
impersonal	sio kibinafsi
impersonate	kutegesha
impersonation	kuiga
impersonator	mfuasi
impertinence	impertinence
impertinent	halali
impervious	bila kuzingatia
impetuous	hasira
impetus	msukumo
implacable	haiwezekani
implant	kuingiza
implantation	kuingizwa
implanted	imewekwa
implement	kutekeleza
implicate	implicate
implicated	inahusishwa
implication	maana
implied	alisema
implore	kuomba
implosion	msukumo
imply	maana
impolite	siofaa
import	kuagiza
importance	umuhimu
important	muhimu
importation	uagizaji
impose	kulazimisha
imposing	kuweka
imposition	kuingiza
impossibility	haiwezekani
impossible	haiwezekani
impostor	mkosaji
impotence	upendeleo
impotent	hauna uwezo
impound	impound
impoverished	ni masikini
impracticable	haiwezekani
impractical	haiwezekani
impregnable	haiwezekani
impregnate	kuacha
impress	kumvutia
impressed	hisia
impression	hisia
impressionable	kuvutia
impressive	ya kushangaza
imprint	alama
imprison	kufungwa
imprisoned	kufungwa
imprisonment	kifungo
improbable	haiwezekani
impromptu	impromptu
improper	zisizofaa
impropriety	isiyofaa
improve	kuboresha
improved	kuboreshwa
improvement	kuboresha
improves	inaboresha
improving	kuboresha
improvisation	upendeleo
improvise	inapotosha
improvised	imetengenezwa
imprudent	sio maana
impudence	busara
impudent	hasira
impulse	msukumo
impulsive	msukumo
impunity	kutokujali
impure	haipaswi
impurity	uchafu
imputation	imputation
imtryingtosleep	NO TRANSLATION
inability	kutoweza
inaccessible	inaccessible
inaccurate	si sahihi
inaction	kukosa
inactivate	inactivate
inactivation	inactivation
inactive	haitumiki
inactivity	kukosa
inadequacy	kutostahili
inadequate	haitoshi
inadequateness	kukosa
inadmissible	haikubaliki
inadvertent	haijulikani
inadvertently	bila kujua
inaffable	NO TRANSLATION
inalienable	haiwezekani
inane	inane
inanimate	inanimate
inapplicable	haiwezekani
inappropriate	haifai
inattention	kutokuwa na uhakika
inaudible	inaudible
inaugural	inaugural
inaugurate	kuanzisha
inauguration	Uzinduzi
inborn	aliyezaliwa
inbound	inbound
inbred	inbred
incalculable	incalculable
incandescent	incandescent
incantation	uchafuzi
incapable	haiwezekani
incapacity	ukosefu
incarceration	kufungwa
incarnate	mwili
incase	iwapo
incendiary	kuwaka
incense	uvumba
incensed	hasira
incentive	msukumo
inception	kuanzishwa
incessant	haiwezi
incessantly	bila kudumu
incest	mshirika
incestuous	incestuous
inch	inchi
incidence	matukio
incident	tukio
incidental	dhahiri
incidentally	kwa kawaida
incineration	uwakaji
incinerator	incinerator
incipient	kuingiza
incision	kukata
incisive	incisive
incite	kuhamasisha
incitement	msisimko
inclement	tamaa
inclination	mwelekeo
incline	tamaa
inclined	kutelekezwa
include	jumuisha
included	ni pamoja
including	ikiwa ni pamoja na
inclusion	kuingizwa
inclusive	pamoja
incognito	incognito
incoherent	isiyo ya kawaida
income	mapato
incoming	zinazoingia
incomparable	haiwezekani
incompatible	haikubaliani
incompetence	kutoweza
incompetent	wasio na uwezo
incomplete	haijakamilika
incompletely	bila kikamilifu
incompleteness	kukamilika
incomprehensible	isiyoeleweka
inconceivable	haiwezekani
inconclusive	haijulikani
incongruous	sio mno
inconsequential	sio muhimu
inconsiderate	bila kujali
inconsistency	kutofautiana
inconsistent	haifai
inconspicuous	haijulikani
incontinence	kutokuwepo
inconvenience	usumbufu
inconvenient	haifai
incorporate	kuingiza
incorporation	kuingizwa
incorrect	si sahihi
incorrigible	haiwezekani
increase	Ongeza
increased	imeongezeka
incredible	ajabu
incredulous	hawajali
increment	kuongeza
incriminate	kuacha
incriminating	kushawishi
incrimination	kutoweka
incubation	kuingiza
incubator	incubator
incubus	incubus
incumbent	lazima
incur	kuingiza
incurable	haiwezekani
incursion	upungufu
indebted	mkopo
indecency	uovu
indecent	mbaya
indecision	uvunjaji
indecisive	kutokuwa na uhakika
indefensible	haiwezekani
indefinite	usio na kipimo
indelible	haiwezekani
indemnification	utoaji wa malipo
indemnify	indemnify
indemnity	indemnity
indent	indent
indentation	indentation
indenture	uharibifu
independence	uhuru
independent	huru
indescribable	haiwezekani
indestructible	isiyoharibika
indeterminate	indeterminate
index	ripoti
indicate	onyesha
indicating	kuonyesha
indication	dalili
indicative	dalili
indicator	kiashiria
indice	NO TRANSLATION
indict	onyesha
indictment	mashtaka
indie	indie
indifference	kutojali
indifferent	wasio na maana
indigenous	asili
indigent	maskini
indigestion	indigestion
indignant	hasira
indignation	ghadhabu
indignity	hasira
indigo	indigo
indirect	bila usahihi
indiscreet	asiyetaka
indiscretion	udhalimu
indispensable	muhimu
indisposed	imetolewa
indistinct	haijulikani
indistinguishable	haijulikani
individual	mtu binafsi
individuality	kibinafsi
indivisible	haijulikani
indoctrination	kufundisha
indolent	uovu
indomitable	indomitable
indoor	ndani
induce	kushawishi
induced	inatia
inducement	kushawishi
induction	induction
indulge	tamaa
indulgence	utulivu
indulgent	tamaa
industrial	viwanda
industrialist	viwanda
industrious	wenye nguvu
industry	sekta
ineffable	haifai
ineffective	haifai
ineffectual	ufanisi
inefficiency	ufanisi
inefficient	haifai
inelastic	inelastic
ineligible	halali
inept	inept
ineptitude	ineptitude
inequality	kutofautiana
inequitable	kutofautiana
inert	inert
inertia	inertia
inevitable	kuepukika
inexact	haipatikani
inexcusable	haitoshi
inexhaustible	inashindwa
inexpensive	gharama nafuu
inexperience	ujuzi
inexperienced	wasio na ujuzi
inexplicable	haijulikani
inexpressible	bila kujali
infallibility	kutokuwa na uwezo
infallible	haiwezekani
infamous	mzuri
infamy	uchafu
infancy	utoto
infant	watoto wachanga
infanticide	watoto wachanga
infantile	watoto wachanga
infantry	watoto wachanga
infarct	sio
infatuated	imechukuliwa
infatuation	kupendeza
infeasible	infeasible
infect	kuambukiza
infection	maambukizi
infectious	kuambukiza
infer	tamaa
inference	maelezo
inferential	upendeleo
inferior	duni
inferiority	upungufu
infernal	infernal
inferno	inferno
infertile	wasio na uwezo
infertility	kutokuwepo
infestation	infestation
infidel	waaminifu
infidelity	uaminifu
infield	infield
infiltrate	kuingia ndani
infiltration	kuingia
infinite	usio
infinitely	kubwa
infinitesimal	isiyo na kiwango
infinity	infinity
infirm	kuambukiza
infirmary	infirmary
infirmity	udhaifu
inflammation	kuvimba
inflammatory	uchochezi
inflatable	inflatable
inflate	piga
inflated	umechangiwa
inflation	mfumuko wa bei
inflection	kupiga
inflict	tamaa
infliction	kupiga
inflorescence	inflorescence
influence	ushawishi
influential	yenye ushawishi
influenza	mafua
influx	jitokeza
info	maelezo
infomercial	infomercial
inform	taarifa
informal	isiyo rasmi
informant	taarifa
information	habari
informative	taarifa
informed	taarifa
informer	mwandishi
infraction	uhalifu
infrared	infrared
infrastructure	miundombinu
infrequent	isiyo ya kawaida
infrequently	mara kwa mara
infringement	ukiukaji
infuriate	hasira
infuriated	hasira
infuriates	hukasirika
infuriating	inakera
infuse	kuingiza
infused	imeingizwa
infuser	kudhulumu
infusion	infusion
ingenious	wenye ujuzi
ingenuity	ujuzi
ingest	ingest
ingestion	kumeza
ingot	ingot
ingrained	imara
ingrate	ingrate
ingredient	viungo
ingress	ingress
inhabit	kukaa
inhabitant	mwenyeji
inhabited	wenyeji
inhabiting	wanaishi
inhalation	kuvuta pumzi
inhale	inhale
inhaler	inhaler
inherent	asili
inherit	urithi
inheritance	urithi
inhibit	inzuia
inhibition	kuzuia
inhibitor	inhibitor
inhospitable	haipatikani
inhuman	si ya kibinadamu
inhumane	kibaya
inhumanity	ubinadamu
inimaginable	NO TRANSLATION
inimical	inimical
inimitable	inimitable
iniquity	uovu
initial	awali
initiate	kuanzisha
initiated	ilianzishwa
initiation	uanzishaji
initiative	mpango
inject	jaribu
injection	sindano
injunction	adhabu
injure	kuumiza
injured	kujeruhiwa
injuring	kujeruhi
injurious	kuumiza
injury	kuumia
injustice	haki
ink	wino
inkling	wimbo
inland	inland
inlay	inlay
inlet	pembe
inmate	kifungo
inn	nyumba ya wageni
innards	nyasi
innate	innate
inner	ndani
innermost	ndani
innerpeace	NO TRANSLATION
inning	inning
innings	hoteli
innkeeper	mwenye nyumba
innocence	hatia
innocent	wasio na hatia
innocently	bila usahihi
innocuous	wasio na hatia
innovate	innovation
innovation	innovation
innovative	ubunifu
innuendo	innuendo
innumerable	isiyohesabiwa
inoculation	inoculation
inoperable	haiwezekani
inoperative	inoperative
inordinate	inakabiliwa
inorganic	inorganic
input	pembejeo
inquest	uchunguzi
inquire	kuuliza
inquirer	kuuliza
inquiring	kuuliza
inquiry	uchunguzi
inquisitive	uchunguzi
inquisitor	inquisitor
insane	wazimu
insanity	upungufu
insatiable	haiwezi kushindwa
inscription	usajili
inscrutable	halali
insect	wadudu
insecticide	dawa
insecure	salama
insecurity	usalama
insemination	kusambaza
insensitive	siofaa
inseparable	haiwezi kutenganishwa
insert	Ingiza
inserted	kuingizwa
insertion	kuingizwa
inside	ndani
insider	kuingia
insidious	insidious
insight	ufahamu
insightful	ufahamu
insignia	insignia
insignificance	si muhimu
insignificant	sio maana
insinuate	tamaa
insipid	siovu
insist	kusisitiza
insistence	kusisitiza
insistent	kusisitiza
insists	anasisitiza
insolence	udhalimu
insolent	hasira
insoluble	haipatikani
insolvency	uharibifu
insolvent	kufutwa
insomnia	usingizi
insomniac	insomniac
inspect	tazama
inspection	ukaguzi
inspector	mkaguzi
inspiration	msukumo
inspirational	msukumo
inspire	kuhamasisha
inspired	aliongoza
instability	utulivu
install	weka
installation	ufungaji
installment	kipengee
instance	mfano
instant	papo
instantaneous	papo
instantaneously	mara moja
instigate	kuhamasisha
instigation	uchochezi
instill	kuingiza
instinct	silika
instinctive	instinctive
institute	taasisi
institution	taasisi
instruct	kufundisha
instructed	aliagizwa
instruction	maagizo
instructional	mafundisho
instructions	maelekezo
instructive	mafundisho
instructor	mwalimu
instrument	chombo
instrumental	chombo
instrumentalist	mhusika
instrumentality	chombo
insubordination	kusaidiwa
insufferable	insufferable
insufficiency	kutosha
insufficient	haitoshi
insufficiently	haitoshi
insular	kiunga
insulate	kuingiza
insulated	maboksi
insulation	insulation
insulin	insulini
insult	chuki
insulting	kutukana
insurance	bima
insure	kuhakikisha
insurgent	wapiganaji
insurmountable	hawezi kushindwa
insurrection	ufufuo
intact	si sahihi
intake	ulaji
intangible	isiyoonekana
integer	integer
integral	muhimu
integrate	kuunganisha
integration	ushirikiano
integrity	uadilifu
intellect	akili
intellectual	kiakili
intelligence	akili
intelligent	akili
intelligibility	akili
intelligible	inaeleweka
intend	nia
intended	lengo
intending	inakusudia
intense	makali
intensely	kwa makini
intensify	kuimarisha
intensity	kiwango
intensive	kubwa
intent	nia
intention	nia
intentional	kwa makusudi
intentionally	kwa makusudi
inter	ushirikiano
interact	kuingiliana
interaction	mwingiliano
interactive	maingiliano
intercede	kuombea
intercept	kuepuka
interception	kupinga
intercession	kuombea
interchange	kubadilishana
interchangeable	inabadiliana
interchanged	kuchanganyikiwa
intercom	intercom
intercourse	ngono
interdependence	kutegemeana
interdependent	kuingiliana
interdiction	kuzuia
interest	hamu
interested	nia
interesting	kuvutia
interface	interface
interfere	kuingiliana
interference	kuingiliwa
interferometer	interferometer
intergalactic	intergalactic
interim	muda mfupi
interior	mambo ya ndani
interject	kuingiliana
interlocutory	interlocutory
interlude	kuingiliana
intermediary	mpatanishi
intermediate	kati
interment	kupigwa
interminable	haiwezi kuendelea
intermission	uingizaji
intermittent	katikati
intern	ndani
internal	ndani
internally	ndani
international	kimataifa
internet	internet
internship	mafunzo
interoffice	interoffice
interpolate	interpolate
interpolation	tafsiri
interpret	kutafsiri
interpretation	tafsiri
interpreter	mkalimani
interpretive	tafsiri
interrelated	yanayohusiana
interrogate	kuuliza
interrogation	kuhojiwa
interrupt	piga
interrupted	kuingiliwa
interrupting	kuingilia
interruption	usumbufu
interrupts	huzuia
intersect	ushirikiana
intersection	ushirikiano
interstate	ushirikiano
interstellar	interstellar
interstitial	usingizi
interval	muda
intervene	kuingilia kati
intervening	kuingiliana
intervention	kuingilia kati
interview	mahojiano
interviewer	mhojiwaji
interworking	kushirikiana
intestate	intestate
intestinal	tumbo
intestine	tumbo
intestines	matumbo
intimacy	urafiki
intimate	karibu
intimately	karibu sana
intimation	ushuhuda
intimidate	tishia
intimidated	kutishwa
intimidating	kutisha
intimidation	kutisha
intolerable	kushindwa
intolerance	kutokuwepo
intolerant	wasio na hatia
intonation	maonyesho
intoxicated	kunywa
intoxicating	kunywa
intoxication	ulevi
intracranial	haiwezi
intractable	haiwezekani
intramural	intramural
intravenous	intravenous
intrepid	wasiwasi
intricate	ni ngumu
intrigue	upendeleo
intriguing	kushangaza
intrinsic	intrinsic
intrinsically	kimwili
intro	intro
introduce	kuanzisha
introduction	kuanzishwa
introductory	utangulizi
introspection	introspection
introspective	introspective
intrude	kuingia
intruder	mtungaji
intrusion	kuingiza
intrusive	intrusive
intubation	intubation
intuition	intuition
intuitive	intuitive
intuitively	intuitively
inundation	uharibifu
invade	panga
invader	mvamizi
invalid	batili
invalidate	usifanye kazi
invalidation	kufutwa
invalidity	upungufu
invaluable	thamani
invariably	invariably
invasion	uvamizi
invasive	vamizi
invent	zulia
invention	uvumbuzi
inventive	uvumbuzi
inventor	mvumbuzi
inventory	hesabu
inverse	inverse
inversely	kinyume chake
inversion	inversion
invert	Pindua
inverted	inverted
invest	wekeza
investigate	kuchunguza
investigation	uchunguzi
investigative	uchunguzi
investigator	mtafiti
investment	uwekezaji
investor	mwekezaji
invidious	siofaa
invigorate	kuimarisha
invincible	hauwezi kushindwa
invisibility	kutoonekana
invisible	asiyeonekana
invitation	mwaliko
invite	kumka
inviting	kuwakaribisha
invocation	kuomba
invoice	ankara
invoke	kuomba
involuntary	bila kujali
involution	mapinduzi
involve	kuhusisha
involvement	ushiriki
invulnerable	haiwezekani
inwards	ndani
iodine	iodini
ion	ion
iota	iota
irate	hasira
ire	NO TRANSLATION
iridescent	iridescent
iris	iris
irked	imekwisha
irks	irks
iron	chuma
ironclad	ironclad
ironic	ni ya kushangaza
irons	mizinga
irony	ironi
irradiation	umeme
irrational	zisizofaa
irrationality	upungufu
irreconcilable	haiwezekani
irreducible	haipatikani
irrefutable	haiwezi kupunguzwa
irregular	isiyo ya kawaida
irregularity	uhaba
irregularly	kwa kawaida
irrelevant	sio maana
irreparable	haiwezekani
irreplaceable	haiwezi kutumiwa
irrepressible	haipatikani
irresistible	hawezi kushindwa
irrespective	bila kujali
irresponsible	bila kujali
irreverent	isiyofaa
irreversible	haiwezekani
irrevocable	haiwezekani
irrigate	umwagiliaji
irrigation	umwagiliaji
irritability	kuwashwa
irritable	hasira
irritate	hasira
irritated	hasira
irritates	inakera
irritating	inakera
irritation	hasira
island	kisiwa
isle	isle
islet	islet
isolate	kujitenga
isolated	pekee
isolation	kutengwa
isomorphism	isomorphism
isothermal	isothermal
isotope	Isotopu
issue	suala
itch	itch
itching	kupiga
itchy	itchy
item	kipengee
itemize	itemize
items	vitu
iterate	temesha
iteration	iteration
iterative	iterative
itinerant	ratiba
itinerary	ratiba
ivory	pembe
jab	jab
jabber	jabber
jack	jack
jackal	jackal
jackass	jackass
jacket	koti
jackhammer	jackhammer
jackpot	jackpot
jackrabbit	jackrabbit
jacks	hufunga
jade	jade
jaded	jaded
jag	NO TRANSLATION
jagged	jagged
jaguar	jaguar
jail	jela
jailbird	jailbird
jailbreak	jela la jail
jailer	jela
jailhouse	jela
jalopy	jalopy
jam	jam
jamboree	kituree
jammed	imefungwa
jammer	jammer
janitor	mtunzaji
janitorial	janitorial
japan	japani
jar	jar
jargon	jargon
jarhead	kichwa cha kichwa
jarring	jarring
jasmine	jasmin
jasper	jaspi
jaundice	jaundi
jaunt	jaunt
java	java
javelin	javelini
jaw	taya
jawbone	taya
jaws	taya
jay	jay
jazz	Jazz
jazzy	jazzy
jealous	wivu
jealousy	wivu
jean	jean
jeans	jeans
jeep	jeep
jeering	jeering
jelly	jelly
jellybean	jellybean
jellyfish	jellyfish
jenny	jenny
jeopardize	kuhatarisha
jeopardy	hatari
jerk	jerk
jerks	jerks
jerky	jerky
jersey	Jersey
jest	NO TRANSLATION
jester	jester
jesus	Yesu
jet	jet
jetty	jetty
jewel	jewel
jeweler	jeweller
jewelry	kujitia
jib	jib
jiff	NO TRANSLATION
jiffy	jiffy
jig	jig
jiggle	jiggle
jigsaw	jigsaw
jihad	Jihadi
jimmy	jimmy
jingle	jingle
jinx	jinx
jitters	jitters
jittery	jittery
jive	jive
job	kazi
jobinterview	NO TRANSLATION
jock	jock
jockey	jockey
jockstrap	jockstrap
jog	jog
jogger	jogger
john	John
join	kujiunga
joined	alijiunga
joining	kujiunga
joint	pamoja
jointly	kwa pamoja
joke	utani
joker	joker
joking	utani
jolly	jolly
jolt	jolt
jornada	NO TRANSLATION
jot	jot
jour	NO TRANSLATION
journal	jarida
journalism	uandishi wa habari
journalist	mwandishi wa habari
journalistic	uandishi wa habari
journey	safari
journeyman	msafiri
joust	joust
jovial	jovial
joy	furaha
joyful	furaha
joyous	furaha
joyride	joyride
joys	furaha
jubilant	jubilant
jubilee	jubilee
judge	Hakimu
judged	kuhukumiwa
judging	kuhukumu
judgment	hukumu
judgmental	hukumu
judicial	mahakama
judiciary	mahakama
judicious	upole
judo	judo
jug	jug
juggle	juggle
juggler	juggler
juggling	kupigana
jugular	mara moja
juice	juisi
juicer	juicer
juicy	juicy
juju	NO TRANSLATION
juke	juke
jukebox	jukebox
jumble	jumble
jumbled	jumbled
jumbo	jumbo
jump	kuruka
jump rope	ruka kamba
jumper	jumper
jumpsuit	jumpsuit
jumpy	jumpy
junction	makutano
juncture	juncture
jungle	jungle
junior	junior
juniper	juniper
junk	junk
junket	junket
junkie	junkie
junky	junky
junkyard	junkyard
junta	junta
juridical	kisheria
jurisdiction	mamlaka
jurisprudence	lawprudence
jurist	jurist
juror	juror
jury	juri
justice	haki
justifiable	hakika
justification	haki
justify	kuhalalisha
juststop	NO TRANSLATION
justthebeginning	NO TRANSLATION
jute	jute
juvenile	vijana
juxtaposition	juxtaposition
kaiser	kaiser
kale	kale
kaleidoscope	kaleidoscope
kamikaze	kamikaze
kangaroo	kangaroo
kanji	kanji
kappa	kappa
kaput	NO TRANSLATION
karaoke	karaoke
karate	karate
karma	karma
karmic	karmic
kayak	kayak
kazoo	kazoo
kebab	kebab
keel	keel
keen	nia
keep	Weka
keeper	mlinzi
keeping	kuweka
keepsake	kushika
keg	keg
kelp	kelp
ken	ken
kennel	kennel
kerchief	kichchief
kern	kern
kernel	kernel
kerosene	mafuta ya mafuta
ketchup	ketchup
kettle	kettle
key	ufunguo
keyboard	kibodi
keyed	keyed
keyhole	kichwa
keynote	muhimu
keypad	kikapu
keystone	msingi
keyword	neno muhimu
khaki	khaki
khan	khan
kibble	kibble
kick	kick
kickboxing	kickboxing
kicker	kicker
kicking	kukataa
kickoff	kichwa
kid	mtoto
kidder	kidder
kidding	kidding
kiddo	kiddo
kiddos	kiddo
kidnap	Teka nyara
kidnapped	imechukuliwa
kidnapper	kidnapper
kidnapping	kukamata
kidney	figo
kids	watoto
kill	kuua
killer	muuaji
killing	kuua
killjoy	kufurahi
kiln	jozi
kilo	NO TRANSLATION
kilogram	kilo
kilometer	kilomita
kilt	kilt
kimono	kimono
kin	jamaa
kind	aina
kindergarten	chekechea
kindling	kuchochea
kindness	wema
kindred	jamaa
kinematics	kinematics
kinesiology	Kinesiolojia
kinetic	kinetic
king	mfalme
king snake	nyoka ya mfalme
kingdom	ufalme
kingpin	kingpin
kink	kink
kinky	kinky
kinship	uhusiano
kiosk	Kiosk
kirk	kirk
kiss	busu
kisser	kisser
kissy	kissy
kit	kit
kitchen	jikoni
kite	kiti
kitten	kitten
kiwi	kiwi
klutz	klutz
knack	knack
knapsack	knapsack
knead	piga
knee	goti
kneecap	kneecap
kneel	goti
kneeling	kupiga magoti
knell	jicho
knick	knick
knickers	knickers
knife	kisu
knight	knight
knighthood	knighthood
knit	kuunganishwa
knob	kitovu
knock	kubisha
knockoff	knockoff
knockout	kikwazo
knoll	knoll
knot	jani
knots	majina
knotted	knotted
know	kujua
knowing	kujua
knowingly	kujua
knowledge	ujuzi
knowledgeable	mwenye ujuzi
knuckle	piga
knucklehead	knucklehead
knuckles	knuckles
koala	Koala
kook	NO TRANSLATION
kooky	kooky
kool-aid	misaada ya kool
kos	kos
kosher	kosher
kraut	NO TRANSLATION
kris	kris
kryptonite	kryptonite
kudos	kudos
kumquat	kumquat
lab	maabara
label	lebo
labor	kazi
laboratory	maabara
labored	alifanya kazi
laborer	mfanyakazi
laboring	kufanya kazi
laborious	labda
labyrinth	labyrinth
lac	lac
lace	lace
laceration	laceration
lack	ukosefu
lackey	lackey
lacking	kukosa
lackluster	upungufu
lacquer	lacquer
lacrosse	lacrosse
lactose	lactose
lad	kijana
ladder	ngazi
laddie	laddie
laden	amefungwa
lading	kusafirisha
ladle	lala
lady	mwanamke
lady bug	NO TRANSLATION
ladybug	ladybug
ladylike	mwanamke
ladyship	ladyship
lag	kula
lager	NO TRANSLATION
lagging	kuingia
lagoon	lago
lair	lair
laity	washirika
lake	Ziwa
lama	NO TRANSLATION
lamb	kondoo
lame	kipofu
lament	kilio
lamenting	kuomboleza
lamina	lamina
laminated	laminated
lamp	taa
lamppost	taa
lance	lance
lancer	lancer
land	ardhi
landed	ilipanda
landfall	maporomoko ya ardhi
landfill	taka
landing	kutua
landlady	mmiliki wa nyumba
landlocked	imefungwa
landlord	mwenye nyumba
landmark	alama ya alama
lands	ardhi
landscape	mazingira
landscaping	mandhari ya mandhari
landslide	kusonga
lane	mstari
language	lugha
languid	tamaa
languish	tamaa
languishing	kutisha
lanky	lanky
lantern	taa
lap	lap
lapdog	lapdog
lapel	lapel
lapse	kupoteza
lapsed	imekoma
laptop	mbali
larceny	larceny
lard	kitunguu
larder	kuhama
large	kubwa
larger	kubwa
largo	NO TRANSLATION
lark	lark
larva	lava
laryngitis	laryngitis
larynx	larynx
lasagna	lasagna
laser	laser
lash	piga
lass	laa
lasso	lasso
lastday	NO TRANSLATION
lasting	kudumu
lastminute	endminute
latch	latch
late	kuchelewa
lateness	lateness
latent	latent
lateral	inakabiliwa
laterally	baadaye
latex	mpira
lathe	lathe
lather	lather
latitude	latitude
latrine	chuo
latrines	vifungo
latte	latte
lattice	meli
laud	tamaa
laudable	lashima
laudation	sifa
laudatory	ladha
laugh	Cheka
laughable	laughable
laughing	Kucheka
laughingstock	NO TRANSLATION
laughs	anaseka
laughter	kicheko
launch	uzinduzi
launcher	launcher
launches	inafungua
launder	launder
laundering	ukombozi
laundry	kufulia
laureate	mzuri
laurel	lauri
laurels	laurels
lava	lava
lavage	kuosha
lavatory	lavatory
lavender	lavender
lavish	kustaajabisha
law	sheria
lawful	halali
lawless	halali
lawlessness	uhalifu
lawman	mwanasheria
lawn	lawn
lawnmower	lawnmower
lawsuit	mashtaka
lawyer	Mwanasheria
lax	lax
laxative	laxative
lay	kuweka
layaway	layaway
layer	safu
layered	layered
layman	layman
layout	mpangilio
layover	layover
laziness	uvivu
lazy	wavivu
lazyday	NO TRANSLATION
lea	lea
lead	kuongoza
leaded	kuongozwa
leader	kiongozi
leadership	uongozi
leading	kuongoza
leads	inaongoza
leaf	jani
leaflet	kipeperushi
leafy	majani
league	ligi
leak	vuja
leakage	kuvuja
leaky	kuvuja
lean	konda
leaned	imesimama
leaning	kuzingatia
leap	piga
learn	kujifunza
learned	kujifunza
learner	mwanafunzi
learning	kujifunza
lease	kukodisha
leash	leash
leather	ngozi
leathery	ngozi
leave	shika
leavemealone	leavemealone
leaving	kuondoka
lecherous	wavivu
lecture	hotuba
lecturer	mwalimu
ledge	kijiko
ledger	kiongozi
lee	lee
leech	leech
leeches	leeches
leer	NO TRANSLATION
leery	jitihada
lees	NO TRANSLATION
leeway	njiani
left	kushoto
leftout	NO TRANSLATION
leftover	kushoto
leftovers	kushoto
lefty	lefty
leg	mguu
legacy	urithi
legal	kisheria
legality	uhalali
legalize	kuhalalisha
legalized	imehalalishwa
legally	kisheria
legend	hadithi
legendary	hadithi
legibility	uhalali
legible	inafaa
legion	kijiji
legislate	sheria
legislation	sheria
legislative	sheria
legislator	bunge
legislature	bunge
legit	haki
legitimacy	uhalali
legitimate	halali
lego	lego
legs	miguu
legume	jaza
legwork	legwork
leisure	burudani
leisurely	burudani
lemma	Lemma
lemon	lemon
lemonade	maji ya limau
lend	kutoa mikopo
lender	Mtayarishaji
lending	mikopo
length	urefu
lengthen	kupanua
lengthened	ilitengwa
lengthening	kupanua
lengthwise	urefu
lengthy	muda mrefu
leniency	upole
lenient	lenient
lens	lens
leopard	lengau
leotard	leotard
leper	mwenye ukoma
leprechaun	leprechaun
leprosy	ukoma
lesbian	lesbian
lesbianism	lesbianism
lesion	laini
less	chini
lessee	wahamiaji
lessen	kupunguza
lessening	kupunguza
lesser	mdogo
lesson	somo
lessor	mdogo
let	basi
lethal	hatari
lethargic	lethargic
lethargy	uthabiti
letter	barua
lettered	iliyosafishwa
letterhead	barua ya barua
lettering	barua
letters	barua
lettuce	lettuce
leukemia	leukemia
levee	kondoo
level	ngazi
lever	lever
leverage	upanuzi
levitate	tamaa
levy	Ushuru
lewd	upole
lexicon	lexicon
ley	NO TRANSLATION
liabilities	madeni
liability	Dhima
liable	anajibika
liaison	kuunganisha
liar	mwongo
libel	kiburi
libelous	libelous
liberal	huria
liberalism	uhuru
liberate	toa
liberated	huru
liberating	kutolewa
liberation	uhuru
liberty	uhuru
libido	libido
librarian	msomaji
library	maktaba
libretto	buretto
lice	kitanda
license	leseni
lichen	lichen
lick	lick
licorice	licorice
lid	kifuniko
lie	uongo
liege	uongo
lien	kiungo
lieu	mahali
lieutenant	Luteni
life	maisha
lifeblood	damu
lifeboat	boti la upesi
lifeguard	mtunzaji
lifeisgood	maisha ni mazuri
lifeless	haipo
lifelike	maisha kama
lifeline	mstari wa maisha
lifelong	maisha yote
lifer	lifer
lifesaver	kuokoa maisha
lifestyle	maisha
lifesucks	vilima
lifetime	maisha
lift	kuinua
lifted	lileta
liftoff	Nyanyua
ligament	ligament
ligation	ligation
ligature	ligature
light	mwanga
light year	mwaka mwepesi
lightbulb	taa ya taa
lighten	nuru
lightheaded	kichwani
lighthouse	lighthouse
lighting	taa
lightness	mwanga
lightning	umeme
lights	taa
lightweight	nyepesi
likable	inafaa
like	kama
likelihood	uwezekano
likely	uwezekano
likeness	mfano
likewise	vivyo hivyo
liking	kupenda
lilac	lilac
lily	lily
limb	mguu
limber	kikomo
limbo	limbo
lime	chokaa
limelight	limelight
limestone	chokaa
limey	limey
limit	kikomo
limitation	upeo
limited	mdogo
limitless	isiyo na mipaka
limo	limo
limousine	limousine
limp	panya
lin	lin
line	mstari
lineage	kizazi
lineal	lineal
linear	linear
linebacker	linebacker
lined	imefungwa
linen	kitani
liner	kitambaa
lines	mistari
lineup	mstari
linger	kulia
lingerie	lingerie
lingering	kupoteza
lingo	tafsiri
lingual	lingual
linguini	lugha
linguist	lugha
linguistic	lugha
linguistics	lugha
lining	kitambaa
link	kiungo
linoleum	linoleum
lint	rangi
lion	simba
lip	mdomo
liposuction	liposuction
lipstick	lipstick
liquefaction	liquefaction
liquefied	imefungwa
liqueur	liqueur
liquid	kioevu
liquidate	punguza
liquidation	kizuizi
liquidator	liquidator
liquidity	ukwasi
liquor	pombe
lira	NO TRANSLATION
lisp	lisp
list	orodha
listen	kusikiliza
listener	msikilizaji
listenting	NO TRANSLATION
listing	orodha
listless	haijulikani
listneing	NO TRANSLATION
litany	litany
liter	lita
literacy	kusoma na kuandika
literal	halisi
literally	halisi
literary	fasihi
literature	fasihi
lithe	lithe
lithium	lithiamu
lithograph	lithograph
lithography	lithography
lithology	lithology
lithosphere	lithosphere
litigant	litigant
litigate	litana
litigation	madai
litigator	litigator
litigious	litigious
litter	takataka
little	kidogo
littlethings	mambo madogo
littoral	kijiji
liturgy	liturujia
live	kuishi
livelife	ishi maisha
livelihood	maisha
lively	hai
liven	liven
liver	ini
livery	livery
livestock	mifugo
livid	wazi
living	wanaishi
lizard	mjusi
llama	llama
lml	lml
load	mzigo
loader	mzigo
loaf	mkate
loafer	loafer
loam	loam
loan	mkopo
loath	loath
loathe	tamaa
loathful	chuki
loathing	kupuuza
loathsome	inachukia
lobby	kushawishi
lobbyist	lobbyist
lobe	lobe
lobotomy	lobotomy
lobster	lobster
local	mitaa
locale	eneo
locality	eneo
localization	ujanibishaji
localize	jenga
localized	imetengwa
locate	Pata
location	eneo
locator	locator
loch	loch
lock	funga
locker	locker
locket	loketi
locksmith	locksmith
lockup	kipangilio
loco	loco
locomotion	locomotion
locomotive	locomotive
locust	nzige
lode	NO TRANSLATION
lodge	nyumba ya kulala wageni
lodger	lodger
lodging	makaazi
loft	loft
lofty	ya juu
log	weka
logarithm	logarithm
logarithmic	logarithmic
logic	mantiki
logical	mantiki
logistics	vifaa
logo	alama
logotype	kitambulisho
loin	NO TRANSLATION
lollipop	lollipop
lone	pekee
loneliness	upweke
lonely	peke yake
loner	wapovu
lonesome	lonesome
long	kwa muda mrefu
longboat	longboat
longevity	muda mrefu
longing	hamu
longitude	longitude
longitudinal	longitudinal
longitudinally	muda mrefu
longtime	muda mrefu
loo	loo
look	tazama
looker	mtazamaji
lookout	tazama
loom	kupoteza
looming	inakuja
loon	loon
loony	loony
loop	kitanzi
loophole	loop
loopy	loopy
loose	huru
loosen	Fungua
loosening	kuifungua
loot	kupora
lop	lop
lopsided	kupoteza
lord	bwana
lords	mabwana
lordship	utawala
lore	kupoteza
lorry	lori
lose	kupoteza
loser	mshindwi
losing	kupoteza
loss	kupoteza
lost	potea
lot	kura
lotion	lotion
lots	kura
lottery	bahati nasibu
lotto	lotto
lotus	lotus
loud	sauti kubwa
loudly	kwa sauti
loudmouth	loudmouth
loudness	sauti kubwa
loudspeaker	kipaza sauti
lounge	mapumziko
lounging	lounging
louse	panya
lousy	lousy
lovable	kupendwa
love	upendo
loved	kupendwa
lovee	mpenzi
loveee	loveee
loveless	upendo
lovelife	NO TRANSLATION
loveliness	uzuri
lovelovelove	NO TRANSLATION
lovely	nzuri
lovemaking	kufanya mapenzi
lovemylife	NO TRANSLATION
lover	mpenzi
lovesick	mpenzi
lovethis	penda hii
loving	upendo
lovinglife	upendo wa wanyama
lovinlife	lovinlife
low	chini
lowdown	downdown
lower	chini
lowering	kupungua
lowest	chini kabisa
lowlands	visiwa vya chini
lowlife	lowlife
lowly	chini
lox	lox
loyal	waaminifu
loyalty	uaminifu
lsd	lsd
luau	luau
lube	lube
lubricant	lubricant
lubricate	kulainisha
lubrication	lubrication
lucid	lucid
luck	bahati
luckiest	mno
lucky	bahati
luckygirl	bahati nzuri
lucrative	faida
ludicrous	ni mbaya
lug	mwamba
luggage	mizigo
lukewarm	kivuli
lull	lull
lullaby	Lilala
lumbar	lumbar
lumber	Mbao
lumbering	kuimarisha
lumberjack	mbao
luminescent	luminescent
luminous	kuangaza
lump	pua
lumpy	lumpy
lunacy	uchangamfu
lunar	mwezi
lunatic	mchana
lunch	chakula cha mchana
lunchbox	Bodi ya chakula cha mchana
luncheon	chakula cha mchana
lunchtime	wakati wa chakula cha mchana
lung	mapafu
lunge	pumzika
lungs	mapafu
lurch	lurch
lure	lure
lurid	lurid
lurk	lurk
lurking	kutembea
luscious	ladha
lush	lush
lust	tamaa
luster	tamaa
lustful	tamaa
lustrous	lustrous
lusty	tamaa
lute	lute
luxuriant	nzuri
luxurious	anasa
luxury	anasa
lycra	lycra
lye	lye
lying	kusema uongo
lymph	lymph
lymphatic	lymphatic
lymphoma	lymphoma
lynch	lynch
lynching	lynching
lynx	lynx
lyre	sauti
lyric	lyric
lyrical	sauti
lyrics	lyrics
macadamia	macadamia
macarena	macarena
macaroni	macaroni
mace	mace
mach	mach
machete	machete
machine	mashine
machinery	mashine
machinist	mkulima
macho	macho
mackerel	mackerel
macro	macro
mad	wazimu
madam	madam
madame	madame
madden	madden
madder	wazimu
mademoiselle	NO TRANSLATION
mademyday	mademyday
madhouse	madhouse
madman	wazimu
madness	wazimu
maestro	maestro
mafia	mafia
magazine	gazeti
mage	mage
magenta	magenta
maggot	maggot
magic	uchawi
magical	kichawi
magician	mchawi
magistrate	hakimu
magma	magma
magna	magna
magnate	magnate
magnesium	magnesiamu
magnet	sumaku
magnetic	magnetic
magnetism	magnetism
magnetite	magnetite
magnification	kukuza
magnificence	utukufu
magnificent	nzuri sana
magnifier	mkuzaji
magnify	kumtukuza
magnifying	kukuza
magnitude	ukubwa
magnolia	magnolia
magpie	magpie
mahi mahi	NO TRANSLATION
mahjong	mahjong
mahogany	mahogany
maid	mjakazi
maiden	msichana
mail	barua
mailbox	mailbox
mailing	kutuma
mailman	mailman
maim	NO TRANSLATION
main	kuu
mainframe	kuu
mainland	Bara
mainstay	kuendeleza
mainstream	kawaida
maintain	kudumisha
maintenance	matengenezo
majestic	majeshi
majesty	utukufu
major	kubwa
majority	wengi
make	fanya
makeover	makeover
maker	mtengenezaji
makeshift	ratiba
makesmehappy	NO TRANSLATION
makesmemad	NO TRANSLATION
makeup	babies
makingdisciples	NO TRANSLATION
malady	ugonjwa
malaise	malaise
malaria	malaria
malarkey	malarkey
male	kiume
malevolent	kibaya
malfeasance	unyanyasaji
malformation	malformation
malfunction	uharibifu
malice	NO TRANSLATION
malicious	malicious
malign	kumtukana
malignancy	malignancy
malignant	mbaya
maligned	yaliyodhulumiwa
mall	maduka
malleable	halali
mallet	mallet
malnutrition	utapiamlo
malpractice	makosa
malt	malt
mama	mama
mambo	mambo
mamma	NO TRANSLATION
mammal	mamalia
mammoth	mammoth
mammy	mama
man	mtu
manage	kusimamia
manageable	kusimamia
management	usimamizi
manager	Meneja
managerial	usimamizi
mandamus	mandamus
mandarin	mandarin
mandate	mamlaka
mandatory	lazima
mandible	lazima
mandolin	mandolin
mandrel	mandrel
mane	NO TRANSLATION
maneuver	kuendesha
maneuvering	kuendesha
mange	NO TRANSLATION
manger	kula
mangle	kula
mango	mango
mangosteen	mangosteen
mangy	mangy
manhole	manhole
manhood	ubinadamu
manhunt	manhunt
mania	mania
maniac	maniac
maniacal	kudanganya
manic	manic
manicure	manicure
manicurist	manicurist
manifest	onyesha
manifestation	udhihirisho
manifested	imeonyeshwa
manifestly	waziwazi
manifesto	manifesto
manifold	mara nyingi
manipulate	kuendesha
manipulation	kudanganywa
manipulative	kudanganya
mankind	wanadamu
manly	mume
manna	manna
manned	amefungwa
mannequin	mannequin
manner	namna
mannered	mkaidi
manners	tabia
manor	manor
manpower	nguvu
mansion	nyumba
mansions	makao
manslaughter	mchinjaji
mantel	mantel
mantis	mantis
mantle	nguo
mantra	mantra
manual	mwongozo
manufacture	utengenezaji
manufacturer	mtengenezaji
manufacturing	viwanda
manure	mbolea
manuscript	muswada
map	ramani
maple	maple
mar	mar
marathon	marathon
marble	marumaru
marbled	marbled
marbles	marumaru
march	maandamano
mare	NO TRANSLATION
margarine	majarini
margarita	margarita
margin	margin
marginal	chini
mariachi	Mariachi
marijuana	ndugu
marinara	marinara
marine	baharini
mariner	mariner
marital	ndoa
maritime	baharini
mark	alama
marked	alama
marker	alama
market	soko
marketable	zinazotumika
marketing	masoko
marketplace	sokoni
marks	alama
marksman	markman
marksmanship	alama ya alama
marl	marl
marmalade	marmalade
maroon	maroon
marooned	marooned
marquee	marquee
marquis	marquis
marred	marred
marriage	ndoa
married	ndoa
marrow	marrow
marry	kuoa
marsh	mto
marshal	marshal
marshmallow	marshmallow
mart	mart
martial	kijeshi
martingale	martingale
martini	martini
martyr	shahidi
martyrdom	kuuawa imani
marvel	ajabu
marvellous	ajabu
marvelous	ajabu
marvelously	ajabu
marzipan	NO TRANSLATION
mascara	mascara
mascot	mascot
masculine	masculine
masculinity	masculinity
mash	panya
mashed	mashed
mask	mask
masked	imefungwa
masks	masks
masochism	masochism
masochist	mwatazamaji
mason	masoni
masquerade	masquerade
mass	wingi
massacre	mauaji
massage	massage
masses	raia
masseur	masseur
masseuse	masseuse
massive	kubwa
mast	mast
master	bwana
masterful	mwenye ujuzi
mastermind	bwana
masterpiece	Kito
mastery	ustadi
masturbate	kupiga maroni
masturbation	ujinga
mat	kitanda
matador	matador
match	mechi
matchbook	mechi
matching	Vinavyolingana
matchmaker	mchezaji wa mechi
mate	mwenzi
material	vifaa
materialism	mali
materialist	vifaa
materialistic	vitu vya kimwili
materiality	vifaa
materialize	kujifunika
materially	kimwili
materials	vifaa
materiel	vifaa
maternal	mama
maternity	uzazi
math	math
mathematical	hisabati
mathematician	mtaalamu wa hisabati
mathematics	hisabati
matinee	mchana
mating	kuunganisha
matriculation	matriculation
matrimony	ndoa
matrix	tumbo
matron	matron
matted	matted
matter	jambo
matting	matting
mattress	godoro
maturation	maturation
mature	kukomaa
maturity	ukomavu
maudlin	maudlin
mausoleum	mausoleum
mauve	mauve
maverick	maverick
maxim	maxim
maximize	kuongeza
maximum	upeo
may	inaweza
mayday	mayday
mayflower	mayflower
mayhem	ghasia
mayonnaise	mayonnaise
mayor	Meya
maze	Maze
mead	mead
meadow	meadow
meager	mdogo
meal	chakula
mean	maana
meander	meander
meandering	kupendeza
meanie	meanie
meaning	maana
meaningful	maana
meaningless	maana
meanness	upole
means	ina maana
meantime	wakati huo huo
measles	sukari
measurable	kupimwa
measure	kupima
measured	kipimo
measurement	kipimo
measuring	kupima
measuring cup	kikombe cha kupimia
measuring tape	kupima mkanda
meat	nyama
meatball	nyama ya nyama
meathead	meathead
meatloaf	nyama ya nyama
mechanic	mashine
mechanical	mitambo
mechanics	mechanics
mechanism	utaratibu
med	NO TRANSLATION
medal	medali
medallion	medallion
medallist	medalist
meddle	piga
meddling	kupiga kura
media	vyombo vya habari
medial	wastani
median	wastani
mediate	patanisha
mediation	usuluhishi
mediator	mpatanishi
medic	dawa
medical	matibabu
medicate	dawa
medication	dawa
medicinal	dawa
medicine	dawa
medieval	medieval
mediocre	salama
mediocrity	uhuru
meditate	kutafakari
meditating	kutafakari
meditation	kutafakari
meditative	kutafakari
mediterranean	Mediterranean
medium	kati
medley	medley
meek	mpole
meet	kukutana
meeting	mkutano
mega	mega
meh	mimi
melancholic	melancholic
melancholy	melancholy
melee	melee
mellow	mshtuko
melodious	kiburi
melodrama	melodrama
melodramatic	melodramatic
melody	fimbo
melon	Tikiti
melt	kuyeyuka
meltdown	kuyeyuka
melting	kuyeyuka
member	mwanachama
membership	wajumbe
membrane	utando
memento	memento
memo	memo
memoir	memoir
memorabilia	memorabilia
memorable	kukumbukwa
memorandum	mkataba
memorial	kumbukumbu
memorials	kumbukumbu
memories	kumbukumbu
memoriesiwontforget	NO TRANSLATION
memorize	kukariri
memory	kumbukumbu
menace	hatari
menacing	kutisha
menagerie	menagerie
mend	tengeneza
mending	kutengeneza
menial	kupoteza
meningitis	meningitis
meniscus	meniscus
menopause	kumkaribia
menses	jitihada
menstrual	hedhi
mental	akili
mentalhealth	NO TRANSLATION
mentality	mawazo
menthol	menthol
mention	kutaja
mentor	mshauri
menu	orodha
meow	meow
mercantile	mercantile
mercenary	mercenary
merchandise	bidhaa
merchant	mfanyabiashara
merciful	mwenye huruma
merciless	bila huruma
mercurial	mercurial
mercury	zebaki
mercy	rehema
mere	tu
merengue	merengue
merge	kuunganisha
merger	ushirikiano
meridian	meridian
meridional	meridional
meringue	meringue
merit	sifa
meritorious	sifa nzuri
mermaid	mermaid
merriment	furaha
merry	furahini
merrychristmas	NO TRANSLATION
mesa	mesa
mescaline	mescaline
mesh	mesh
meshes	maskor
mesmerized	imesababishwa
mess	fujo
message	ujumbe
messedup	NO TRANSLATION
messenger	mjumbe
messiah	Masihi
messy	hutumiwa
metabolic	metaboliki
metabolism	metabolism
metal	chuma
metallic	chuma
metallurgy	madini
metamorphosis	metamorphosis
metaphor	mfano
metaphorical	kielelezo
metaphysical	metaphysical
metaphysics	metaphysics
metastasis	metastasis
meteor	meteor
meteoric	meteoric
meteorite	meteorite
meteorological	hali ya hewa
meteorology	hali ya hewa
meter	mita
meth	meth
methadone	methadone
methane	methane
methanol	methanol
method	njia
methodical	methodical
methodology	mbinu
meticulous	ujasiri
metime	muda
metric	metric
metrical	metrical
metrology	metrology
metropolis	mji mkuu
metropolitan	mji mkuu
mettle	mettle
mew	mew
mezzanine	mezzanine
mica	mica
mick	mick
micro	micro
microbe	microbe
microbiology	microbiolojia
microchip	microchip
microcosm	microcosm
microfilm	microfilm
microgram	microgram
micrometer	micrometer
micron	micron
microphone	kipaza sauti
microscope	microscope
microscopic	microscopic
microscopically	microscopically
microscopy	microscopy
microwave	microwave
mid	katikati
midair	midair
midday	mchana
middle	katikati
middleman	katikati
middleweight	katikati
midget	midget
midland	katikati
midlife	midlife
midline	midline
midnight	usiku wa manane
midshipman	midshipman
midst	katikati
midsummer	katikati
midterm	katikati
midtown	midtown
midway	katikati
midwife	mkunga
midwifery	midwifery
mien	NO TRANSLATION
miffed	miffed
mighty	mwenye nguvu
mignon	mignon
migraine	migraine
migrate	uhamiaji
migration	uhamiaji
migratory	wanahama
mike	mike
mil	NO TRANSLATION
mild	mpole
mildew	koga
mildness	upole
mile	maili
mileage	mileage
milestone	hatua muhimu
militant	wapiganaji
militants	wapiganaji
military	kijeshi
militia	wanamgambo
milk	maziwa
milkman	milkman
milkshake	milkshake
milky	milky
mill	kinu
millennium	milenia
milligram	milligram
millimeter	millimeter
million	milioni
millionaire	Millionaire
millionth	milioni
millstone	jiwe la mawe
mime	mime
mimic	mimic
mimicking	kufuata
mimicry	mimicry
mince	punguza
mincemeat	mincemeat
mind	akili
minded	nia
mindful	kuzingatia
mindfulness	akili
mindless	bila kujali
mine	mgodi
minefield	minefield
miner	mchimbaji
mineral	madini
mineralogy	madini
mingle	mchanganyiko
mingled	iliyochanganywa
mini	mini
miniature	miniature
minibus	minibus
minim	NO TRANSLATION
minimal	Ndogo
minimize	kupunguza
minimized	imepungua
minimum	chini
mining	madini
minion	minion
minister	waziri
ministerial	huduma
ministry	huduma
minivan	minivan
mink	mink
minnow	pata
minor	mdogo
minority	wachache
minstrel	mtunzi
mint	rangi
minty	minty
minuscule	minuscule
minute	dakika
minutiae	dakika
minx	minx
mir	NO TRANSLATION
miracle	muujiza
miracles	miujiza
miraculous	miujiza
mirage	mirage
mire	NO TRANSLATION
mirror	kioo
mirth	furaha
misappropriation	matumizi mabaya
misbehave	misbehave
misbehavior	tabia mbaya
miscalculation	miscalculation
miscarriage	kupoteza mimba
miscellaneous	miscellaneous
miscellany	miscellany
mischief	utundu
mischievous	vibaya
misconception	misconception
misconduct	uovu
misdemeanor	misdemeanor
misdirection	misdirection
miser	miser
miserable	huzuni
miserably	kwa kusikitisha
misery	taabu
misfire	kupoteza
misfit	misfit
misfortune	bahati mbaya
misguided	NO TRANSLATION
mishap	shika
misinformed	haijatambuliwa
misinterpretation	kutafsiriwa
mislead	kupoteza
misleading	kupotosha
misled	alipotoshwa
mismanagement	matumizi mabaya
mismatch	kutoweka
mismatched	mismatched
misnomer	misnomer
misplace	misplace
misplaced	imesababishwa
misread	tamaa
misrepresent	husababishwa
misrepresentation	misrepresentation
misrepresented	imesimama
miss	miss
missile	missile
missiles	makombora
missing	haipo
missingyou	NO TRANSLATION
mission	ujumbe
missionary	mjumbe
misspell	misspell
misstatement	uharibifu
missy	missy
mist	ukungu
mistake	kosa
mistaken	makosa
mister	dada
mistletoe	mistletoe
mistreated	vibaya
mistress	bibi
mistrial	kinyume cha sheria
mistrust	kutoaminiana
misty	makosa
misunderstand	usielewe
misunderstanding	kutoelewa
misunderstood	haijatambuliwa
misuse	kutumia vibaya
mite	mchwa
miter	miter
mitigate	kupunguza
mitigating	kupunguza
mitigation	kupunguza
mitt	mitt
mitten	NO TRANSLATION
mitzvah	mitzvah
mix	changanya
mixed	mchanganyiko
mixedemotions	mchanganyiko
mixer	mixer
mixture	mchanganyiko
mnemonic	mnemonic
moan	tamaa
moat	mchuzi
mob	kikundi
mobile	rununu
mobility	uhamaji
mobilization	uhamasishaji
mobilize	kuhamasisha
mobster	mkulima
mocha	mocha
mock	mshtuko
mocked	alicheka
mockery	mshtuko
mocking	kumdhihaki
mockingbird	mshtuko
mod	mod
modal	modal
modality	modality
mode	mode
model	mfano
modeler	modeler
modeling	mfano
modem	modem
moderate	wastani
moderate anticipation	kutarajia wastani
moderate disgust	kupuuza wastani
moderate negative	hasi hasi
moderate positive	wastani mzuri
moderate surprise	mshangao wa wastani
moderate trust	uaminifu wa wastani
moderately	kiasi
moderating	kupima
moderation	kiasi
moderator	msimamizi
modern	kisasa
modernism	kisasa
modest	kawaida
modesty	adabu
modicum	modicum
modifiable	kubadilika
modification	marekebisho
modified	ilibadilishwa
modify	rekebisha
modulate	modulate
modulation	moduli
module	moduli
modulus	moduli
mogul	mogul
moiety	sehemu
moist	unyevu
moisture	unyevu
moisturizer	moisturizer
molar	molar
molasses	molasses
mold	mold
molded	yameumbwa
molding	ukingo
moldy	moldy
mole	mole
molecular	Masi
molecule	molekuli
molest	chuki
molestation	unyanyasaji
molester	molester
molten	umetengenezwa
mom	mama
moment	wakati
momentary	muda mfupi
momentous	muhimu
momentum	kasi
momma	momma
mommy	mama
monad	monad
monarch	Mfalme
monarchy	utawala
monastery	monasteri
monastic	monastic
monetary	fedha
money	fedha
mongoloid	mongoloid
mongoose	mongofu
mongrel	mongrel
monitor	kufuatilia
monk	Mtawa
monkey	tumbili
mono	NO TRANSLATION
monochrome	monochrome
monogamous	mke mmoja
monogamy	monogamy
monogram	monogram
monogrammed	imetumwa
monograph	monograph
monolayer	monolayer
monolith	monolith
monologue	monologue
monopolist	monopolist
monopoly	ukiritimba
monotonous	hupendeza
monotony	monotoni
monoxide	monoxide
monsieur	monsieur
monsoon	monsoon
monster	monster
monstrosity	monstrosity
monstrous	kiburi
montage	montage
monte	pata
month	mwezi
monthly	kila mwezi
monument	monument
monumental	kikubwa
moo	huko
mooch	mooch
mood	hisia
moods	hisia
moody	mwilini
moon	mwezi
moonbeam	moonbeam
moonlight	moonlight
moonlit	moonlit
moonshine	mions
moonstruck	moonstruck
moonwalk	moonwalk
moor	moor
moored	alisimama
mooring	kukimbia
moorings	maadili
moorland	mashimo
moose	mwitu
moot	moot
mooted	kupunguzwa
mop	koroga
mope	mope
moped	moped
moral	maadili
morale	maadili
morality	maadili
morals	maadili
morass	kiti
moratorium	kusitishwa
moray	kondoo
morbid	kuchukiza
morbidity	maradhi
morbidness	uharibifu
mores	hasira
morgue	morgue
moribund	kupungua
morn	jioni
morning	asubuhi
moron	moron
moronic	moroniki
morose	morose
morph	morph
morphine	morphine
morphism	morphism
morphology	morpholojia
morrow	kesho
morsel	kipande
mortal	kufa
mortality	vifo
mortar	chokaa
mortgage	mikopo
mortgagee	mortgagee
mortgagor	mortgagor
mortician	mkosaji
mortification	kupigwa
mortified	ameteuliwa
mortuary	mortuary
mosaic	mosaic
mosey	mosey
mosque	msikiti
mosquito	mbu
moss	moss
mossy	machafu
mote	NO TRANSLATION
motel	motel
moth	nondo
mother	mama
motherfucker	mamafucker
motherfucking	motherfucking
motherhood	mama
motherland	mama
motherless	mama
motherly	mama
motif	motif
motion	mwendo
motionless	bila mwendo
motivate	kuhamasisha
motivating	kuhamasisha
motivation	msukumo
motivational	kuchochea
motive	sababu
motley	motley
motor	magari
motorbike	pikipiki
motorboat	boti
motorcade	motorcade
motorcar	gari
motorcycle	pikipiki
motorist	mshambuliaji
motte	motte
mottled	motti
motto	kitambulisho
mould	mold
mound	kilima
mount	panda
mountain	mlima
mountaineer	mlima
mountainous	mlima
mountains	milima
mountaintop	mlima
mourn	kiomboleza
mournful	wanaomboleza
mourning	kilio
mouse	panya
mousetrap	mousetrap
mousse	mousse
moustache	masharubu
mousy	mousy
mouth	kinywa
mouthful	kinywa
mouthpiece	kinywa
mouthwash	mouthwash
movable	kuhamishwa
move	hoja
movement	harakati
mover	mwendeshaji
movie	movie
movies	sinema
moving	kusonga
movingforward	NO TRANSLATION
movingon	kuendelea
mow	mow
mower	mower
moxie	moxie
mozzarella	mozzarella
mri	mri
muchneeded	NO TRANSLATION
mucis	NO TRANSLATION
muck	muck
mucked	imefungwa
mucous	mucous
mucus	kamasi
mud	matope
muddle	matunda
muddled	hupigwa
muddy	matope
muff	Muff
muffin	muffini
muffled	imefungwa
muffler	Muffler
mug	mug
mugger	mugger
mulberry	mulberry
mulch	mulch
mule	nyumbu
mull	mull
mullet	mullet
multilateral	ya kimataifa
multimedia	multimedia
multinational	kimataifa
multiple	nyingi
multiple sclerosis	sclerosis nyingi
multiplex	multiplex
multiplication	kuzidisha
multiplicity	wingi
multiplied	iliongezeka
multiplier	kuongezea
multiply	ongeze
multitude	wingi
mum	mum
mumble	mumble
mumbo	mumbo
mummy	mummy
mumps	matone
munch	wacha
munchies	munchies
munchkin	munchkin
mundane	ya kawaida
municipal	Manispaa
municipality	Manispaa
mural	mural
murder	mauaji
murderer	mwuaji
murderess	kuua
murderous	wauaji
murky	wazi
murmur	kunung'unika
muscle	misuli
muscular	misuli
muse	muse
muses	muses
museum	makumbusho
mush	NO TRANSLATION
mushroom	uyoga
mushy	mushy
music	muziki
musical	muziki
musician	mwanamuziki
musing	kusisimua
musk	musk
musket	musket
musketeer	musketeer
muskrat	muskrat
muslin	muslin
muss	NO TRANSLATION
must	lazima
mustang	mustang
mustard	haradali
muster	muster
musty	musty
mutable	inasababisha
mutant	mutant
mutate	mutate
mutation	mabadiliko
mute	mute
muted	imetumwa
mutilate	piga
mutilated	kuharibiwa
mutilation	uharibifu
mutiny	mimba
mutt	mutt
mutter	NO TRANSLATION
mutton	panya
mutual	kwa pamoja
mutually	kwa pande zote
muzzle	muza
myfavorite	myfavorite
myopia	myopia
myopic	myopic
myriad	elfu
mysterious	ajabu
mystery	siri
mystic	mystic
mystical	fumbo
mysticism	mysticism
mystified	imefungwa
mystique	mystique
myth	hadithi
mythic	hadithi
mythical	hadithi
mythological	mythological
mythology	mythology
nab	nab
nacho	nacho
nada	NO TRANSLATION
nadir	nadir
nag	NO TRANSLATION
nail	msumari
nail gun	msumari msumari
naive	naive
naked	uchi
nakedness	uchi
namaste	NO TRANSLATION
name	jina
named	jina lake
nameless	bila jina
namesake	majina
naming	kumtaja
nana	nana
nanny	nanny
nanometer	nanometer
nap	nap
napalm	napalm
nape	nape
napkin	kitambaa
napping	kupukwa
nappy	nappy
narcissism	narcissism
narcissist	narcissist
narcissistic	narcissistic
narcotic	narcotic
narrate	narimu
narration	maelezo
narrative	maelezo
narrator	mwandishi
narrow	nyembamba
narrowing	nyembamba
nasal	pua
nascent	nascent
nasty	mbaya
natal	kuzaliwa
nation	taifa
national	kitaifa
nationality	utaifa
nationwide	kote ulimwenguni
native	asili
nativity	kuzaliwa
natural	asili
natural gas	gesi ya asili
naturalist	naturalist
naturalization	asili
naturalized	asili
naturally	kawaida
nature	asili
naught	bure
naughty	naughty
nausea	kichefuchefu
nauseate	kichefuchefu
nauseating	kichefuchefu
nauseous	kichefuchefu
nautical	nautical
nautilus	nautilus
naval	majini
nave	nave
navel	kitovu
navigable	navigable
navigate	safari
navigation	urambazaji
navigational	navigational
navigator	navigator
navy	navy
nay	NO TRANSLATION
nearsighted	karibusighted
neat	nzuri
neatly	kwa usahihi
nebula	nebula
nebulae	nebulae
nebulous	nebulous
necessarily	lazima
necessary	muhimu
necessitate	unahitaji
necessities	mahitaji
necessity	umuhimu
neck	shingo
necklace	mkufu
necktie	necktie
necromancer	necromancer
necrosis	necrosis
nectar	nekta
need	haja
needalife	NO TRANSLATION
needed	inahitajika
needful	inahitajika
needit	NO TRANSLATION
needle	sindano
needlepoint	sindano
needles	sindano
needless	hauna maana
needtoknow	haja ya kujua
needtorelax	NO TRANSLATION
needy	maskini
nefarious	nefarious
negation	upuuzi
negative	hasi
negativity	upuuzi
neglect	kukataa
neglected	kupuuzwa
neglecting	kukataa
negligee	negligee
negligence	kutojali
negligent	hauna maana
negligently	NO TRANSLATION
negligible	siofaa
negotiable	yanaweza kukubaliana
negotiate	kujadili
negotiation	mazungumzo
negotiator	msemaji
negro	negro
neigh	jirani
neighbor	jirani
neighborhood	jirani
neighboring	jirani
nemesis	Nemesis
neon	neon
neonatal	watoto wachanga
neophyte	neophyte
neoprene	neoprene
nephew	mpwa
nepotism	upendeleo
nerd	nerd
nerdy	nerdy
nerve	ujasiri
nerves	mishipa
nervous	hofu
nervousness	hofu
nervouswreck	NO TRANSLATION
nervy	NO TRANSLATION
ness	ness
nest	kiota
nestle	nestle
nestling	kikapu
net	wavu
nether	chini
netting	kuunganisha
nettle	chupa
network	mtandao
networking	mitandao
neural	neural
neuralgia	neuralgia
neurological	neurological
neurologist	Daktari wa neva
neurology	neurology
neurosis	neurosis
neurosurgeon	neurosurgeon
neurosurgery	neurosurgery
neurotic	neurotic
neuter	neuter
neutral	neutral
neutrality	kutokuwa na nia
neutralize	kuepuka
neutron	neutron
new	mpya
new age	umri mpya
newbeginnings	NO TRANSLATION
newborn	mtoto mchanga
newcomer	mgeni
newday	siku mpya
newfound	upya
newjob	NO TRANSLATION
newlife	maisha mapya
newly	wapya
newlywed	wapya
newme	mpya
newness	upya
news	habari
newscast	habari
newscaster	habari
newsflash	habari
newsletter	jarida
newsman	mwandishi wa habari
newspaper	gazeti
newspaperman	magazeti ya habari
newsreel	habari
newsroom	chumba cha habari
newsstand	gazeti la habari
newstart	kipindi cha upya
newt	newt
newyear	NO TRANSLATION
nexus	nexus
nib	nib
nibble	nibble
nice	nzuri
niche	niche
nichts	NO TRANSLATION
nick	nick
nickel	nickel
nickname	jina la utani
nicotine	nikotini
niece	mpwa
nifty	nifty
nigger	nigger
nigh	karibu
night	usiku
nightcap	usikucap
nightclub	klabu ya usiku
nightfall	usiku
nightgown	jioni
nightie	nightie
nightingale	usikuingale
nightlife	usiku wa usiku
nightly	usiku
nightmare	shida
nightmares	maajabu
nightstand	usiku wa usiku
nightstick	usikutick
nighttime	usiku
nihilism	nihilism
nil	hakuna
nimble	nimble
nimrod	nimrod
nincompoop	nincompoop
nine	tisa
nineteen	kumi na tisa
ninety	tisini
ninja	ninja
ninny	ninyi
nintendo	nintendo
ninth	tisa
nip	nip
nipper	nipper
nipple	chupi
nippy	nippy
nitrate	nitrate
nitro	nitro
nitrogen	naitrojeni
nitrous	nitrous
nitwit	nitwit
nix	nix
no anticipation	hakuna kutarajia
no disgust	hakuna aibu
no emotion	hisia hakuna
no sentiment	hakuna hisia
no surprise	hakuna mshangao
no trust	hakuna imani
nobility	heshima
noble	mzuri
nobleman	Mheshimiwa
nobodycares	NO TRANSLATION
nocomplaints	NO TRANSLATION
nocturnal	usiku
nod	nod
nodding	kuvuruga
node	node
nodular	nodular
nodule	noduli
noggin	noggin
nohope	NO TRANSLATION
noir	bwana
noise	kelele
noisy	kelele
nomad	nomad
nomadic	wahamaji
nomenclature	nomenclature
nominal	nominal
nominate	kuteua
nomination	uteuzi
nominee	mteule
nonce	zisizo
nonchalant	siocha
noncompliance	bila ya kufuata
nondescript	Nondescript
nonexistent	haipo
nonfat	nonfat
nonfiction	yasiyoficha
nonpayment	bila kulipia
nonresident	asiyeishi
nonsense	upuuzi
nonsensical	nonsensical
nonviolent	yasiyo ya kisiasa
noob	noob
noodle	tambi
nook	nook
noon	saa sita
noose	piga
nopoint	NO TRANSLATION
noregrets	NO TRANSLATION
norm	kawaida
normal	kawaida
normalcy	kawaida
normality	kawaida
north	kaskazini
northbound	kaskazini
northeast	kaskazini mashariki
northern	kaskazini
northwest	Kaskazini magharibi
northwestern	kaskazini magharibi
noschool	NO TRANSLATION
nose	pua
nosebleed	pua
nosey	nosy
nosnow	nosnow
nostalgia	nostalgia
nostalgic	nostalgic
nostress	NO TRANSLATION
nostril	pua
nosun	NO TRANSLATION
nosy	nosy
not negative	si hasi
not positive	si chanya
notable	inayojulikana
notables	vyema
notably	hasa
notamorningperson	NO TRANSLATION
notary	mthibitishaji
notation	notation
notch	muhtasari
notched	ilitambuliwa
note	Kumbuka
notebook	daftari
noted	alibainisha
noteworthy	inayojulikana
nothappy	NO TRANSLATION
nothingbetter	NO TRANSLATION
nothingness	upungufu
notice	tazama
noticeable	inayoonekana
notification	taarifa
notify	taarifa
notion	wazo
notional	uaminifu
notoriety	ufahamu
notorious	sifa mbaya
notready	si tayari
notwithstanding	hata hivyo
nought	bure
noun	nomino
nourish	kulisha
nourishment	chakula
nouveau	NO TRANSLATION
novel	riwaya
novelist	mwandishi wa habari
novelty	riwaya
novice	mchungaji
nowadays	siku hizi
nowork	hakuna kazi
noworries	hakuna wasiwasi
noxious	wasiwasi
nozzle	bomba
nuance	nuance
nuances	nuances
nuclear	nyuklia
nucleus	kiini
nude	nude
nudge	nudge
nudie	nudie
nudist	nudist
nudity	uchafu
nugget	nugget
nuisance	shida
nuke	nuke
nul	NO TRANSLATION
null	null
nullify	kuondosha
numb	shida
number	nambari
numbering	kuhesabu
numbers	nambari
numbness	kupungua
numbskull	numbskull
numeral	nambari
numerator	nambari
numerical	nambari
numerically	numerically
numerous	wengi
nun	NO TRANSLATION
nunchucks	nunchucks
nunnery	nunnery
nuptials	wasichana
nurse	muuguzi
nursemaid	nursemaid
nursery	kitalu
nursing	uuguzi
nurture	kulisha
nut	nut
nutcase	nutcase
nutcracker	nutcracker
nuthouse	usitumie
nutmeg	nutmeg
nutrition	lishe
nutritional	lishe
nutritious	lishe
nutritive	lishe
nuts	karanga
nutshell	kifupi
nutty	nutty
nylon	nylon
nylong	NO TRANSLATION
nylons	nylons
nymph	nymph
nymphomaniac	nymphomaniac
oaf	oaf
oak	mwaloni
oar	oar
oasis	oasis
oat	oat
oath	kiapo
oatmeal	oatmeal
obedience	Utiifu
obedient	watii
obediently	kwa utii
obelisk	obeliski
obese	zaidi
obesity	fetma
obey	titii
obi	obi
obit	obit
obituary	obituary
object	kitu
objection	kupinga
objectionable	haikubaliki
objective	lengo
objectivity	taratibu
obligation	wajibu
obligatory	lazima
oblige	kulazimisha
obliged	inavyotakiwa
obliging	inavyotakiwa
obligor	wajibu
oblique	oblique
obliterate	kuharibu
obliterated	imetolewa
obliteration	uharibifu
oblivion	shida
oblivious	haijulikani
oblong	mviringo
obnoxious	kuogopa
oboe	oboe
obscene	kinyume
obscenity	uchafu
obscure	wazi
obscured	imefungwa
obscurity	uharibifu
observance	maadhimisho
observant	mwangalifu
observation	uchunguzi
observatory	uchunguzi
observe	tazama
observer	mwangalizi
observing	kuangalia
obsess	obsess
obsessed	wamejitokeza
obsessing	kutazama
obsession	ugomvi
obsessive	obsessive
obsolescence	obsolescence
obsolete	kizito
obstacle	kikwazo
obstetrician	Daktari wa uzazi
obstetrics	vikwazo
obstinate	mkaidi
obstruct	Kuzuia
obstruction	kizuizi
obstructive	kizuizi
obtain	kupata
obtainable	inapatikana
obtuse	tamaa
obverse	kinyume
obvious	dhahiri
ocarina	ocarina
occasion	tukio
occasional	Mara kwa mara
occasionally	mara kwa mara
occipital	occipital
occlusion	kutengwa
occult	uchawi
occupancy	ustawi
occupant	wanaoishi
occupation	kazi
occupational	kazi
occupied	imechukua
occupier	urithi
occupy	kuchukua
occupying	kufanya kazi
occur	kutokea
occurrence	tukio
ocd	ocd
ocean	Bahari
oceanic	bahari
octagon	octagon
octave	octave
octopus	pweza
ocular	ocular
odd	isiyo ya kawaida
oddball	isiyo ya kawaida
oddity	isiyo ya kawaida
odds	tabia mbaya
ode	ode
odious	odhi
odometer	odometer
odor	harufu
odyssey	odyssey
oedipal	oedipal
oestrogen	estrogen
oeuvre	NO TRANSLATION
offal	offal
offence	kosa
offend	hukosa
offended	hasira
offender	mkosaji
offense	kosa
offensive	hasira
offer	kutoa
offered	inayotolewa
offering	sadaka
offhand	offhand
office	ofisi
officer	afisa
offices	ofisi
official	rasmi
officiate	utafanya kazi
offing	kutoa
offload	ondoa
offset	kukomesha
offshoot	offshoot
offshore	offshore
offside	kinyume
offspring	watoto
oft	mara nyingi
oftentimes	mara nyingi
ogre	ogre
ohdear	NO TRANSLATION
ohgod	NO TRANSLATION
ohno	ohno
ohshit	NO TRANSLATION
oil	mafuta
oils	mafuta
oily	mafuta
oink	oink
ointment	mafuta
okra	okra
old	zamani
olden	tamaa
older	wakubwa
oldie	oldie
oldies	oldies
olfactory	vibaya
oligarchy	oligarchy
olive	mzeituni
omega	omega
omelet	omelet
omen	omen
omgomgomg	NO TRANSLATION
ominous	uovu
omission	kuacha
omit	Futa
omitted	imetolewa
omnibus	omnibus
omnipotence	nguvu zote
omnipotent	wenye nguvu
omnipresent	haipatikani
omniscient	wanajua
onboard	onboard
oncologist	oncologist
oncology	oncology
oncoming	inakuja
one	moja
oneday	NO TRANSLATION
onedge	onedge
onelove	onelove
oneness	umoja
onerous	mbaya
oneself	mwenyewe
ongoing	inayoendelea
onion	vitunguu
onset	kuanza
onslaught	mshtuko
onstage	onstage
ontology	ontolojia
onus	onus
onward	kuendelea
onyx	onyx
oodles	oodles
oomph	oomph
ooze	oza
oozing	hupanda
op	op
opacity	opacity
opal	opal
opaque	opaque
ope	ope
open	kufungua
opener	kopo
opening	kufungua
openly	waziwazi
openness	uwazi
opera	opera
operate	kazi
operatic	kazi
operation	operesheni
operational	kazi
operations	shughuli
operative	kazi
operator	operator
ophthalmic	ophthalmic
ophthalmologist	ophthalmologist
opiate	opiate
opinion	maoni
opinionated	maoni
opium	opiamu
opponent	mpinzani
opportune	nzuri
opportunism	uwezekano
opportunity	nafasi
oppose	kupinga
opposed	kinyume
opposing	kupinga
opposite	kinyume
opposites	kinyume
opposition	upinzani
oppress	kudhalilisha
oppressed	walilazimishwa
oppression	ukandamizaji
oppressive	kupandamiza
oppressor	mnyanyasaji
ops	ops
opt	opt
optic	optic
optical	macho
optics	optics
optimism	matumaini
optimist	optimist
optimistic	matumaini
optimum	optimum
option	chaguo
optional	hiari
optionally	hiari
options	chaguo
optometrist	optometrist
opulence	upuuzi
opulent	opulent
opus	opus
oracle	kinywa
oral	mdomo
orange	machungwa
orange juice	maji ya machungwa
orangutan	orangutan
oration	mchoro
orator	mwandishi
oratory	maelekezo
orb	orb
orbit	orbit
orbital	orbital
orbiting	utaratibu
orbs	orbs
orc	orc
orchard	bustani
orchestra	orchestra
orchid	orchid
ordained	amewekwa
ordeal	matatizo
order	amri
orderly	utaratibu
ordinance	kanuni
ordinary	kawaida
ordination	upatanisho
ordnance	utaratibu
ore	ore
oregano	oregano
organ	chombo
organic	kikaboni
organism	viumbe
organist	kiumbe
organization	shirika
organize	kupanga
organized	iliyoandaliwa
organizer	mratibu
orgasm	orgasm
orgies	orgies
orgy	orgy
orient	mwelekeo
oriental	mashariki
orientation	mwelekeo
orifice	orifice
origami	origami
origin	asili
original	awali
originality	asili
originate	inatoka
origination	asili
originator	mwanzilishi
ornament	mapambo
ornamental	mapambo
ornamentation	mapambo
ornamented	iliyopambwa
ornate	mzuri
ornery	urafiki
orphan	yatima
orphanage	yatima
orphaned	yatima
orthodontist	orthodontist
orthodox	Orthodox
orthodoxy	orthodoxy
orthogonal	orthogonal
orthopedic	mifupa
oscillate	oscillate
oscillating	kusitisha
oscillation	oscillation
oscillatory	oscillatory
ostensible	ostensible
ostensibly	dhahiri
ostentatious	ostentatious
ostracized	kufutwa
ostrich	mbuni
other	nyingine
otter	otter
otto	otto
ottoman	ottoman
ought	lazima
ounce	Ounce
oust	oust
outage	kupigwa
outback	nje ya nje
outbid	ondoa
outboard	outboard
outbreak	kuzuka
outburst	kupasuka
outcast	wazi
outcome	matokeo
outcry	kilio
outdated	imekwisha muda
outdo	nje
outdoor	nje
outdoors	nje
outer	nje
outfit	mavazi
outgoing	anayemaliza muda wake
outgrow	nje
outgrowth	nje
outhouse	nje ya nyumba
outing	kusafiri
outlandish	nje ya nchi
outlast	outlast
outlaw	kinyume cha sheria
outlet	kipuri
outline	muhtasari
outlines	inasema
outlive	kupoteza
outlook	mtazamo
outlying	nje
outnumber	zaidi
outpatient	outpatient
outpost	outpost
outpouring	kuchomwa
output	pato
outrage	hasira
outraged	hasira
outrageous	hasira
outrank	nje
outreach	ufikiaji
outright	wazi kabisa
outrun	nje
outset	mwanzo
outsider	nje
outskirts	nje kidogo
outsmart	outsmart
outspoken	kusema
outstanding	bora
outstretched	imetumwa
outward	nje
outwards	nje
outweigh	zaidi
outwit	tamaa
oval	mviringo
ovary	ovari
ovate	ovate
ovation	ovation
oven	tanuri
overactive	inashindwa
overall	kwa ujumla
overalls	maofisa
overbearing	kuhimili
overburden	kulipwa
overcast	overcast
overcharged	overcharged
overcoat	overcoat
overcome	kushinda
overcoming	kushinda
overcrowded	wingi
overdo	overdo
overdose	overdose
overdrive	overdrive
overdue	zimeongezeka
overestimate	inakabiliwa
overestimated	overestimated
overflow	overflow
overflowing	imeongezeka
overgrown	zaidi
overgrowth	overgrowth
overhanging	overhanging
overhaul	upya
overhead	overhead
overhear	overhear
overheated	yamepinduliwa
overjoyed	walifurahi sana
overkill	overkill
overlaid	zimefungwa
overlap	huingiliana
overlapping	kuingiliana
overlay	overlay
overload	overload
overlook	overlook
overlord	overlord
overlying	overlying
overpaid	kulipwa zaidi
overpass	overpass
overplayed	zimependekezwa
overpower	nguvu zaidi
overpowering	nguvu zaidi
overpriced	imeongezeka
overprotective	overprotective
overrated	imesimama
overreact	upungufu
override	override
overriding	inakuja
overrule	overrule
overrun	overrun
oversee	kusimamia
overseer	mwangalizi
overshadow	overdow
oversight	usimamizi
oversized	oversized
overslept	overslept
overstate	overstate
overstock	overstock
overt	overt
overtake	pata
overtaken	imechukuliwa
overthemoon	NO TRANSLATION
overthinker	overthinker
overthinking	kutafakari
overthrow	kupindua
overtime	muda wa ziada
overtired	kustaafu
overture	overture
overturn	kupindua
overview	maelezo ya jumla
overweight	overweight
overwhelm	overwhelm
overwhelmed	kuharibiwa
overwhelming	mno
overworked	imefanya kazi zaidi
overwrought	inakabiliwa
overzealous	overzealous
owe	deni
owing	kulipa
owl	jicho
owner	mmiliki
ownership	umiliki
ox	ng'ombe
oxidation	oxidation
oxide	oksidi
oxygen	oksijeni
oxymoron	oxymoron
oyster	oyster
ozone	ozoni
pace	kasi
pacemaker	pacemaker
pacific	pacific
pacified	imefungwa
pacifier	pacifier
pacifist	pacifist
pacify	pumzika
pacing	kusonga
pack	pakiti
package	mfuko
packaging	ufungaji
packer	pakiti
packet	pakiti
pact	mkataba
pad	pedi
padded	ilipigwa
padding	padding
paddle	paddle
paddle boat	paddle mashua
paddock	panda
paddy	punda
padlock	kizuizi
padre	NO TRANSLATION
paean	paean
pagan	kipagani
paganism	kipagani
page	ukurasa
pageant	mchezaji
pager	pager
pagination	pagination
paging	kupiga kura
pagoda	pagoda
pail	pazia
pain	maumivu
pained	aliumiza
painful	chungu
painfully	kwa maumivu
painkiller	painkiller
painless	hauna maumivu
pains	maumivu
painstaking	maumivu
paint	rangi
paintball	rangi ya rangi
paintbrush	rangi ya rangi
painted	ilipakwa rangi
painter	mchoraji
painting	uchoraji
pair	jozi
paisley	paisley
pajama	pajama
pajamas	pajamas
pal	pal
palace	jumba
palatable	nzuri
palate	palate
pale	rangi
paleontology	paleontology
palette	palette
pall	pall
palladium	palladium
pallet	kipande
palliative	kupendeza
palm	mitende
palmer	mitende
palomino	palomino
palpable	halali
palpitations	palpitations
palsy	Upoovu
paltry	pindo
pamper	pamper
pamphlet	kijitabu
pan	sufuria
panacea	panaaaa
panache	panache
pancake	pamba
pancakes	pancakes
pancreas	kongosho
panda	panda
pandemic	janga
pandemonium	pandemonium
pane	pane
panel	jopo
pang	NO TRANSLATION
panhandle	panhandle
panic	hofu
panicattack	NO TRANSLATION
panicked	waliogopa
panicking	kutisha
panicky	hofu
panier	NO TRANSLATION
panorama	panorama
panoramic	panoramic
pansy	pansy
pant	pant
pantheon	pantheon
panther	panther
panties	vitambaa
pantomime	pantomime
pantry	pantry
pants	suruali
panty	panty
pantyhose	pantyhose
pap	pap
papa	papa
papacy	upapa
papal	NO TRANSLATION
papaya	papaya
paper	karatasi
paperback	karatasi
paperboy	karatasi ya karatasi
paperweight	karatasi
paperwork	makaratasi
paprika	paprika
papyrus	papyrus
par	NO TRANSLATION
parable	mfano
parabola	kielelezo
parabolic	kimapenzi
parachute	parachute
parade	kupigana
paradigm	dhana
paradise	paradiso
paradox	kitendawili
paradoxical	kisaikolojia
paraffin	kijani
paragon	paragon
paragraph	aya
parakeet	parakeet
paralegal	msaidizi
parallax	parallax
parallel	sambamba
parallelism	kufanana
paralysis	kupooza
paralyze	kupooza
paralyzed	walipooza
paramedic	paramedic
paramedics	wasaidizi
paramilitary	wanajeshi
paramount	muhimu
paranoia	paranoia
paranoid	paranoid
paranormal	paranormal
parapet	parapet
paraphernalia	vifurushi
paraphrase	paraphrase
paraplegic	paraplegic
parasite	vimelea
parasitic	vimelea
parasol	parasol
parcel	kipande
parcels	vifurushi
parched	kilichokaa
parchment	ngozi
pardon	msamaha
pare	NO TRANSLATION
parenchyma	parenchyma
parent	mzazi
parentage	uzazi
parental	wazazi
parenthesis	NO TRANSLATION
parenthetical	kizazi
parenthood	uzazi
parenting	uzazi
pariah	pariah
parietal	parietal
paring	kuongea
parish	parokia
parity	usawa
park	Hifadhi
parka	parka
parking	maegesho
parkinsons	bustani
parlance	parlance
parlay	parlay
parliament	bunge
parliamentary	bunge
parlor	parlor
parmesan	parmesan
parody	ubunifu
parole	msamaha
parquet	parquet
parrot	parrot
parry	parry
parse	soma
parsimonious	kibaya
parsimony	parisoni
parsley	parsley
parson	parson
part	sehemu
partake	kula
partial	sehemu
partiality	upendeleo
partially	sehemu
participant	mshiriki
participate	kushiriki
participation	ushiriki
particle	chembe
particular	hasa
particularity	sifa
particulars	maelezo
parting	kugawanyika
partisan	msaidizi
partisanship	ushirikiano
partition	ugawaji
partly	sehemu
partner	mpenzi
partnership	ushirikiano
partridge	kijiko
parts	sehemu
party	chama
pas	NO TRANSLATION
pass	kupitisha
passable	hupitishwa
passage	kifungu
passageway	njia
passe	NO TRANSLATION
passenger	abiria
passim	NO TRANSLATION
passing	kupita
passion	shauku
passionate	shauku
passive	passive
passivity	passivity
passkey	passkey
passport	pasipoti
password	nenosiri
past	zilizopita
pasta	pasta
paste	Weka
pastel	pastel
pastime	wakati wa mchana
pastor	mchungaji
pastrami	pastrami
pastry	mchuzi
pasture	malisho
pasty	pasty
pat	pat
patch	kiraka
patchwork	patchwork
pate	pate
patella	patella
patent	patent
patented	halali
paternal	baba
paternity	uzazi
path	njia
pathetic	pathetic
pathological	pathological
pathologist	daktari wa magonjwa
pathology	patholojia
pathos	NO TRANSLATION
pathway	njia
patience	uvumilivu
patient	subira
patio	patio
patriarch	dada
patriarchal	patriarchal
patrimony	dhamana
patriot	patriot
patriotic	patriotic
patriotism	uzalendo
patrol	doria
patrolman	doria
patron	msimamizi
patronage	utawala
patronising	kutunza
patronize	tetea
patronizing	kutunza
patter	patter
pattern	mfano
paucity	uovu
pauper	maskini
pause	pumzika
pave	piga
pavement	lami
pavilion	kiwanja
paving	kupiga rangi
paw	paw
pawn	pawn
pawnshop	pawnshop
pax	pax
pay	kulipa
payable	kulipwa
payback	kulipa
paycheck	kulipa
payday	siku ya kulipa
payer	kulipa
payload	malipo
payment	malipo
payoff	faida
payout	kulipa
payphone	payphone
payroll	mishahara
pea	pea
peace	amani
peaceable	amani
peaceful	amani
peacefully	kwa amani
peacekeeper	mlinzi wa amani
peaceofmind	NO TRANSLATION
peacetime	wakati wa amani
peach	peach
peachy	peachy
peacock	peacock
peak	kilele
peaked	ilipigwa
peanut	karanga
peanuts	karanga
pear	pea
pearl	lulu
pearly	pearly
peas	mbaazi
peasant	wakulima
peat	peat
pebble	jiwe
pecan	pecan
peck	peck
pecker	pecker
peculiar	pekee
peculiarities	maalum
peculiarity	upekee
peculiarly	pekee
pecuniary	pecuniary
pedal	pedal
pedantic	pedantic
peddle	peddle
peddler	peddler
pedestal	kitambaa
pedestrian	msafiri
pediatric	watoto
pediatrician	Daktari wa watoto
pediatrics	pediatrics
pedicure	pedicure
pedigree	asili
pedometer	pedometer
pedophile	pedophile
pee	shairi
peek	peek
peekaboo	peekaboo
peel	piga
peep	peep
peeper	peeper
peephole	peephole
peer	rika
peering	kutazama
peerless	bila kujali
peeved	kupigwa
peg	Kigingi
pegs	mizigo
peice	NO TRANSLATION
pelagic	pelagic
pelican	pelican
pellet	pellet
pelvic	pelvic
pelvis	pelvis
pen	kalamu
penal	adhabu
penalty	adhabu
penance	kupoteza
penchant	kupendeza
pencil	penseli
pendant	pendant
pendency	pendency
pendent	NO TRANSLATION
pending	inasubiri
pendulum	pendulum
penetrate	penya
penetrating	inapoingia
penetration	kupenya
penguin	Penguin
penicillin	penicillin
penile	penile
peninsula	peninsula
penis	uume
penitent	uongo
penitentiary	uhamisho
penmanship	urembo
pennant	pennant
penniless	haipatikani
penny	senti
pension	pensheni
pensioner	mstaafu
pensive	kupendeza
pentagon	pentagon
pentagram	pentagram
penthouse	nyumba ya nyumba
penultimate	kuzingatia
people	watu
peopled	watu
pep	piga
pepper	pilipili
peppermint	peppermint
pepperoni	pepperoni
peppy	peppy
peptic	peptic
peptide	peptide
perceive	tazama
percent	asilimia
percentage	asilimia
percentile	percentile
perceptible	inayoonekana
perception	mtazamo
perceptive	ufahamu
perch	perch
perchance	uwezekano
percolation	percolation
percussion	percussion
perdition	uharibifu
peremptory	peremptory
perennial	kudumu
perfect	kamilifu
perfection	ukamilifu
perfectionist	mkamilifu
perfecto	NO TRANSLATION
perforated	perforated
perforation	kupoteza
perforce	kutekeleza
perform	fanya
performance	utendaji
performer	mwimbaji
perfume	ubani
perfumed	kununuliwa
peri	mara
peridot	peridot
peril	hatari
perilous	hatari
perimeter	mzunguko
period	kipindi
periodic	mara kwa mara
periodical	mara kwa mara
periodically	mara kwa mara
periodicity	mara kwa mara
peripheral	pembeni
periphery	pembeni
periscope	periscope
perish	kupotea
perishable	inayoharibika
perished	waliangamia
perishing	kuharibika
perjury	uwongo
perk	perk
perky	perky
perm	vibali
permanence	kudumu
permanent	ya kudumu
permeable	inawezekana
permeate	upungufu
permeation	upungufu
permissible	inaruhusiwa
permission	ruhusa
permissive	kuruhusiwa
permit	kibali
permitted	kuruhusiwa
permitting	kuruhusu
permutation	vibali
pernicious	mbaya
peroxide	peroxide
perpendicular	perpendicular
perpetrate	kufanya kazi
perpetrator	mhalifu
perpetual	daima
perpetually	daima
perpetuate	kuendeleza
perpetuation	uendelezaji
perpetuity	kudumu
perplexed	walishangaa
perplexing	kuchanganyikiwa
perplexity	kuchanganyikiwa
persecute	kutesa
persecution	mateso
perseverance	uvumilivu
persevere	Vumilia
persist	kuendelea
persistence	kuendelea
persistent	kuendelea
persisting	inaendelea
person	mtu
persona	NO TRANSLATION
personable	anayefaa
personage	mtu
personal	binafsi
personality	utu
personification	kibinadamu
personnel	wafanyakazi
persons	watu
perspective	mtazamo
perspiration	jasho
persuade	kushawishi
persuasion	ushawishi
persuasive	ushawishi
pert	kupoteza
pertinent	yanafaa
perturbation	upotovu
pertussis	pertussis
perusal	kupoteza
peruse	tumia
pervading	kuongezeka
perverse	kupotoa
perversion	kupotosha
pervert	kupotoa
perverted	kupotoshwa
pesky	pesky
pessimism	tamaa
pessimist	pessimist
pessimistic	tamaa
pest	wadudu
pester	pester
pestilence	tauni
pestle	pestle
pesto	pesto
pet	pet
petal	petal
petite	ndogo
petition	maombi
petitioner	mwombaji
petloss	NO TRANSLATION
petpeeve	NO TRANSLATION
petrified	kufutwa
petrify	fanya
petrol	petroli
petroleum	mafuta ya petroli
petticoat	kuponda
petting	kupiga
petty	ndogo
petulant	kupendeza
petunia	petunia
pew	pew
pewter	pewter
peyote	NO TRANSLATION
phalanx	phalanx
phantom	phantom
pharaoh	fharao
pharmaceutical	dawa
pharmacist	mfamasia
pharmacology	pharmacology
pharmacy	Duka la dawa
phase	awamu
pheasant	pheasant
phenomenal	jambo la ajabu
phenomenon	uzushi
pheromone	pheromone
phew	phew
phi	phi
philanthropic	upendeleo
philanthropist	mpenzi
philanthropy	Ushauri
philistine	kiphilishi
philosopher	mwanafalsafa
philosophic	falsafa
philosophical	filosofi
philosophy	falsafa
phlegm	phlegm
pho	pho
phobia	phobia
phoenix	phoenix
phone	simu
phonetic	simu
phonetics	simutiki
phonics	phonics
phonograph	phonografia
phonology	phonology
phony	phony
phooey	phooey
phosphate	phosphate
phosphor	fosforasi
phosphorus	fosforasi
photo	picha
photogenic	photogenic
photograph	picha
photographer	mpiga picha
photographic	picha
photography	kupiga picha
photometry	photometri
photon	photon
phrase	maneno
phraseology	phraseology
phylogeny	phylogeny
physical	kimwili
physical therapist	mtaalamu wa kimwili
physician	daktari
physicist	fizikia
physics	fizikia
physiological	kisaikolojia
physiology	physiolojia
physique	physique
pi	pi
pianist	pianist
piano	piano
piazza	piazza
piccolo	NO TRANSLATION
pick	pick
picked	ilichukua
picker	picker
picket	picket
picketing	kupiga
pickle	pickle
pickled	kitambaa
pickpocket	pickpocket
pickup	Inua
picky	picky
picnic	picnic
pictorial	picha
picture	picha
pictures	picha
picturesque	nzuri
pie	pie
piece	kipande
piecemeal	piecemeal
pieceofshit	kipande
pied	pied
pier	upanga
pierce	piga
piety	uungu
pig	nguruwe
pigeon	njiwa
piggy	nguruwe
piggyback	piggyback
pigheaded	nguruwe
piglet	nguruwe
pigment	rangi
pigskin	nguruwe
pigsty	nguruwe
pike	pike
pile	piga
piles	piles
pileup	pileup
pilgrim	msafiri
pilgrimage	Hija
pill	kidonge
pillage	kuibiwa
pillar	nguzo
pillbox	pillbox
pillow	mto
pillowcase	pillowcase
pilot	majaribio
pimp	pimp
pimple	pimple
pin	pini
pinball	pinball
pinch	Bana
pinching	kuunganisha
pine	pine
pineapple	mananasi
ping	ping
pinhead	pinhead
pinhole	pinhole
pinion	pinion
pink	pink
pinkie	pinkie
pinnacle	kikwazo
pinot	pinot
pinpoint	onyesha
pint	pint
pinto	pinto
pinup	pinup
pioneer	upainia
pious	wajinga
pip	pip
pipe	bomba
piped	bomba
pipeline	bomba
piper	piper
pipette	pipette
piping	kupiga mabomba
pipsqueak	pipsqueak
pique	piga
piracy	uharamia
piranha	piranha
pirate	pirate
piscina	NO TRANSLATION
piss	piss
pissed	kupigwa
pissedoff	kasirika
pisser	NO TRANSLATION
pissesmeoff	pissesmeoff
pissingmeoff	pissingmeoff
pissoff	udhi
pistachio	pistachio
pistol	bastola
piston	pistoni
pit	shimo
pita	pita
pitch	lami
pitcher	mtungi
pitchfork	pitchfork
pitfall	shida
pith	pith
pithy	pithy
pitiful	huruma
pitted	imefungwa
pitter	shimo
pituitary	pituitary
pity	huruma
pivot	pivot
pivotal	muhimu
pix	pix
pixie	pixie
pizza	pizza
pizzazz	pizzazz
pizzeria	pizzeria
placard	chupa
place	mahali
placebo	placebo
placement	uwekaji
placenta	placenta
placid	placid
placket	panda
plagiarism	upendeleo
plague	pigo
plaid	tamaa
plain	wazi
plainclothes	mauaji
plaintiff	mdai
plaintive	wazi
plan	Mpango
plane	ndege
planes	ndege
planet	sayari
planetarium	planetarium
planetary	sayari
planets	sayari
plank	plank
plankton	plankton
planned	iliyopangwa
planner	mpangaji
planning	kupanga
plant	mmea
plantation	mashamba
planter	mpanda
planting	kupanda
plaque	plaque
plasma	plasma
plaster	plasta
plastic	plastiki
plasticity	plastiki
plat	plat
plate	sahani
plateau	sahani
plated	kupandwa
platform	jukwaa
plating	kupamba
platinum	platinum
platonic	platonic
platoon	mbegu
platter	sahani
plaudit	NO TRANSLATION
plausibility	upendeleo
plausible	inapendekezwa
play	kucheza
playa	playa
playback	kucheza
playbook	playbook
playboy	playboy
player	mchezaji
playful	kucheza
playground	uwanja wa michezo
playhouse	playhouse
playmate	kucheza
playoff	playoff
playpen	kucheza
playroom	chumba cha kucheza
plaything	kucheza
playtime	kucheza
playwright	mchezaji wa michezo
plaza	plaza
plea	maombi
plead	kuomba
pleasant	mazuri
pleased	radhi
pleasing	kupendeza
pleasurable	kupendeza
pleasure	radhi
pleasures	raha
pleat	tamaa
pleated	aliomba
pledge	ahadi
pledged	aliahidi
plenary	plenary
plentiful	mengi
plenty	mengi
plenum	plenamu
plethora	plethora
plexus	plexus
pliable	hupendekezwa
plication	plication
pliers	pliers
plight	shida
plinth	plinth
plodding	plodding
plop	plop
plot	njama
plough	panda
ploughed	kulima
plover	plover
plow	panda
plowed	kulima
plowing	kulima
ploy	fanya
pluck	panda
plucky	panga
plug	kuziba
plum	plum
plumage	pumzi
plumb	plumb
plumber	plumber
plumbing	mabomba
plume	plume
plummet	kupungua
plump	tamaa
plumper	plumper
plunder	nyara
plunge	piga
plunger	kupungua
plural	wingi
plurality	wingi
plush	plush
plutonium	plutonium
ply	ply
plywood	plywood
pneumatic	nyumatiki
pneumonia	pneumonia
poacher	mchungaji
poachers	wafuasi
poaching	uhamasishaji
pocket	mfukoni
pocketbook	pocketbook
pocketful	pocketful
pod	NO TRANSLATION
podium	podium
poem	shairi
poems	mashairi
poet	mshairi
poetic	mashairi
poetical	poetic
poetics	mashairi
poetry	mashairi
pogo	pogo
poignant	poignant
point	hatua
pointedly	waziwazi
pointer	pointer
pointless	bila maana
pointy	pembejeo
poise	poise
poison	sumu
poisoned	sumu
poisoning	sumu
poisonous	sumu
poke	poke
poker	poker
pokes	pokes
polar	polar
polarity	polarity
pole	pole
polemic	polemic
police	polisi
police officer	askari
policeman	polisi
policewoman	polisi
policy	sera
polio	polio
polish	piga
polished	iliyopigwa
polite	heshima
politeness	upole
politic	siasa
political	kisiasa
politician	mwanasiasa
politics	siasa
polity	uwazi
polka	panya
poll	uchaguzi
pollen	poleni
polling	kupigia kura
pollute	uchafua
pollution	Uchafuzi
polo	polo
poltergeist	poltergeist
polyester	polyester
polygamy	polygamy
polygon	polygon
polygonal	polygonal
polygraph	polygrafu
polymer	polymer
polymorphism	polymorphism
pomp	pumzi
pompous	wenye busara
poncho	poncho
pond	bwawa
ponder	kutafakari
ponderous	ponderous
pong	pong
pontiff	pontiff
pontificate	pontificate
pontoon	pontoon
pony	GPPony
ponytail	ponytail
pooch	pooch
poodle	poodle
poof	hila
pool	bwawa
poop	piga
poor	maskini
poorly	hafifu
pop	pop
popcorn	popcorn
pope	papa
popper	popper
poppy	poppy
poppycock	poppycock
popsicle	popsicle
popular	maarufu
popularity	umaarufu
popularized	inayojulikana
population	idadi ya watu
populous	watu wengi
porcelain	porcelain
porch	ukumbi
porcupine	porcupine
pore	pore
pork	nyama ya nguruwe
porker	porker
porky	porky
porn	porn
porno	porno
pornographic	pornografia
pornography	ponografia
porosity	porosity
porous	porous
porridge	uji
port	bandari
portable	portable
portage	portage
portal	portal
porter	porter
porterhouse	porterhouse
portfolio	kwingineko
porthole	porthole
portico	portico
portion	sehemu
portrait	picha
portraiture	picha
portray	inaonyesha
pose	pose
poser	NO TRANSLATION
posh	posh
posited	imetolewa
position	nafasi
positioning	nafasi
positive	chanya
positiveenergy	NO TRANSLATION
positively	vyema
positivity	positivity
posse	panga
possess	wamiliki
possessed	alimiliki
possessing	kuwa na
possession	milki
possessive	hujishughulisha
possessor	mwenye
possibility	uwezekano
possible	inawezekana
possibly	labda
possum	possum
post	chapisho
postage	postage
postal	posta
postcard	postcard
poster	bango
posterior	nyuma
posterity	kizazi
posthumous	posthumous
postman	mtumishi
postmortem	postmortem
postpone	ahirisha
postponed	imesababishwa
postponement	kuahirishwa
postscript	postscript
postulate	kuandika
posture	mkao
pot	sufuria
potable	yenyewe
potassium	potasiamu
potato	viazi
potatoes	viazi
potency	potency
potent	nzuri
potential	uwezo
pothead	pua ya kichwa
pothole	pothole
potion	potion
potluck	potluck
potpourri	potpourri
potted	potted
potter	potter
pottery	udongo
potty	potty
pouch	kitanda
poultry	kuku
pounce	pounce
pound	pound
pounding	kupiga
pour	NO TRANSLATION
pout	pout
pouting	kupigia
pouty	pouty
poverty	umasikini
pow	poda
powder	poda
powdered	poda
powdery	poda
power	nguvu
powerful	nguvu
powerfully	kwa nguvu
powerhouse	nguvu
powerless	hauna nguvu
powwow	poda
pox	pox
practicable	inawezekana
practical	vitendo
practically	kivitendo
practice	mazoezi
practiced	walifanya
practise	mazoezi
practitioner	daktari
pragmatic	pragmatic
prairie	prairie
praise	sifa
praised	kusifiwa
praisegod	NO TRANSLATION
praisejesus	NO TRANSLATION
praises	sifa
praiseworthy	sifa nzuri
praising	kusifu
prance	prance
prank	prank
prawn	prawn
praxis	praxis
pray	kuomba
prayer	sala
prayforme	niombee
praying	kuomba
praying mantis	kuomba mantis
preach	kuhubiri
preacher	mhubiri
preaching	kuhubiri
preamble	utangulizi
precarious	dhahiri
precaution	tahadhari
precautionary	tahadhari
precede	kutangulia
precedence	utangulizi
precedent	mfano
preceding	iliyotangulia
precept	amri
preceptor	preceptor
precession	maandamano
precinct	precinct
precincts	vikwazo
precious	thamani
precipice	precipice
precipitate	kupungua
precipitation	mvua
precipitous	kali
precise	sahihi
precisely	usahihi
precision	usahihi
preclude	kuzuia
precocious	kiburi
precursor	mtangulizi
predator	mkulima
predatory	vibaya
predecessor	mtangulizi
predicament	shida
predicate	predicate
predict	tabiri
predictable	inatabirika
predicting	kutabiri
prediction	utabiri
predictive	utabiri
predictor	predictor
predilection	predilection
predispose	predispose
predisposed	ilipangwa
predisposition	maandalizi
predominance	predominance
predominant	predominant
predominate	hudhuru
preeminent	kwanza
preemption	preemption
preemptive	preemptive
preface	preface
prefect	msimamizi
prefer	unapendelea
preferable	inafaa
preference	upendeleo
preferential	upendeleo
prefix	kiambishi awali
pregnancy	mimba
pregnant	mimba
prehistoric	prehistoric
prejudice	chuki
prejudiced	chuki
prejudicial	chuki
prelim	prelim
preliminary	awali
prelude	prelude
premarital	kabla ya ndoa
premature	mapema
prematurely	mapema
premed	ulipangwa
premeditated	premeditated
premier	Waziri Mkuu
premiere	kwanza
premise	Nguzo
premises	majengo
premium	malipo
premonition	maandamano
prenatal	kabla ya kujifungua
prenuptial	prenuptial
preoccupation	wasiwasi
preoccupied	kuzingatia
prep	prep
preparation	maandalizi
preparatory	maandalizi
prepare	kuandaa
prepared	tayari
preparedness	utayarishaji
preparer	preparer
preparing	kuandaa
preponderance	kupinduliwa
preposterous	preposterous
preppy	preppy
prerequisite	lazima
prerogative	haki
preschool	mapema
prescient	anajali
prescribe	kuagiza
prescribed	amri
prescription	dawa
prescriptive	kanuni
presence	uwepo
present	sasa
presentable	inayoonekana
presentation	uwasilisho
presenter	mtangazaji
presentment	maonyesho
presents	zawadi
preservation	kuhifadhi
preservative	kihifadhi
preserve	kuhifadhi
preserved	kuhifadhiwa
preserving	kuhifadhi
preside	msimamizi
presidency	urais
president	rais
presidential	urais
press	bonyeza
pressing	kuongezeka
pressure	shinikizo
prestige	ufahari
prestigious	kifahari
presto	presto
presume	tamaa
presumption	dhana
presumptive	kupendeza
presumptuous	kujivunia
presuppose	presuppose
pretend	kujifanya
pretended	kujifanya
pretender	kujifanya
pretending	kujifanya
pretense	kujifanya
pretensions	vidokezo
pretentious	wenye busara
pretext	kisasa
pretty	nzuri
pretzel	pretzel
prevail	kushinda
prevailing	inashinda
prevalence	kuenea
prevalent	imeenea
prevent	kuzuia
preventative	kuzuia
prevention	kuzuia
preventive	kuzuia
preview	hakikisho
previous	uliopita
previously	awali
prey	mawindo
price	bei
priceless	isiyo na thamani
pricey	bei
prick	tamaa
prickly	prickly
pride	kiburi
priest	kuhani
priestess	kuhani
priesthood	ukuhani
priestly	kuhani
prig	prig
prim	prim
prima	NO TRANSLATION
primacy	primacy
primal	primal
primary	msingi
primate	primate
primates	majambazi
prime	prime
primed	kupangwa
primer	primer
primeval	primeval
priming	kupendeza
primitive	primitive
primordial	primordial
primrose	primrose
prince	mkuu
princely	heshima
princess	princess
principal	mkuu
principally	hasa
principle	kanuni
principles	kanuni
print	magazeti
printer	printa
printing	uchapishaji
printout	kuchapisha
prior	kabla
prioritize	kipaumbele
priority	kipaumbele
priory	priory
prism	prism
prismatic	prismatic
prison	jela
prisoner	mfungwa
prissy	prissy
pristine	kwa kawaida
privacy	faragha
private	Privat
privately	kwa faragha
privilege	upendeleo
privileged	kupendeleo
privy	kibinafsi
prize	tuzo
prized	ilipendekezwa
pro	pro
proactive	haiwezekani
probability	uwezekano
probable	kinachowezekana
probate	jaribu
probation	majaribio
probationary	majaribio
probative	tatizo
probe	probe
probing	kuchunguza
probity	usahihi
problem	tatizo
problematic	shida
procedural	utaratibu
procedure	utaratibu
proceed	kuendelea
proceeding	kuendelea
proceeds	zinapatikana
process	mchakato
processing	usindikaji
procession	maandamano
processor	processor
proclaim	tangaza
proclamation	utangazaji
procrastinate	kuacha
procrastination	kupoteza
procreate	kuzaliwa
procreation	uzazi
proctologist	mtangazaji
proctor	proctor
procure	kupata
procurement	manunuzi
prod	prod
prodigal	kupoteza
prodigious	kizuri
prodigy	prodigy
produce	kuzalisha
produced	zinazozalishwa
producer	mzalishaji
producing	kuzalisha
product	bidhaa
production	uzalishaji
productive	uzalishaji
productivity	uzalishaji
profane	kibaya
profanity	uchafu
profess	wanasema
profession	taaluma
professional	mtaalamu
professionalism	utaalamu
professor	profesa
professorship	professorship
proficiency	ustadi
proficient	ujuzi
profile	maelezo mafupi
profiler	profiler
profit	faida
profitable	faida
profound	kina
profuse	hutafuta
profusion	kufadhiliwa
prog	prog
progenitor	mrithi
progeny	kizazi
prognosis	kutangaza
prognostic	prognostic
program	programu
programme	programu
programmer	programu
programming	programu
progress	maendeleo
progression	maendeleo
progressive	maendeleo
prohibit	kuzuia
prohibited	imekatazwa
prohibition	marufuku
prohibitive	halali
project	mradi
projectile	projectile
projectiles	projectiles
projecting	inajitokeza
projection	makadirio
projector	projector
proletarian	proletarian
proletariat	proletariat
prolific	kupendeza
prologue	prologue
prolong	ongeze
prolongation	muda mrefu
prolonged	muda mrefu
prom	prom
promenade	promenade
prominence	umaarufu
prominent	maarufu
prominently	kwa uwazi
promiscuity	uasherati
promiscuous	uovu
promise	ahadi
promising	kuahidi
promissory	ahadi
promo	promo
promontory	upendo
promote	kukuza
promoter	mtetezi
promotion	kukuza
promotional	uendelezaji
prompt	haraka
prompting	kuhamasisha
promulgate	kuahidi
promulgation	utangazaji
prone	kuepuka
prong	kupendeza
pronounce	kutamka
pronounced	alitamka
pronouncement	tamko
pronto	NO TRANSLATION
pronunciation	matamshi
proof	ushahidi
prop	prop
propaganda	propaganda
propagate	kueneza
propagation	uenezi
propane	propane
propel	piga
propelled	kupitishwa
propeller	propeller
propelling	propelling
propensity	propensity
proper	sahihi
property	mali
prophecy	unabii
prophesy	unabii
prophet	nabii
prophetic	unabii
prophylactic	prophylactic
prophylaxis	kupumua
proportion	uwiano
proportional	uwiano
proportionate	uwiano
proportions	uwiano
proposal	pendekezo
propose	Pendekeza
proposition	mapendekezo
proprietary	wamiliki
proprietor	mmiliki
proprietorship	umiliki
propriety	haki
propulsion	propulsion
prose	prose
prosecute	kushitaki
prosecution	mashtaka
prosecutor	mwendesha mashitaka
prospect	matarajio
prospection	matarajio
prospective	wanaotazamiwa
prospectively	matarajio
prospector	prospector
prospectus	prospectus
prosper	kufanikiwa
prosperity	mafanikio
prosperous	mafanikio
prostate	prostate
prosthetic	prosthetic
prostitute	makahaba
prostitution	uasherati
prostrate	kusujudu
protagonist	mhusika mkuu
protect	kulinda
protected	ilitetewa
protecting	kulinda
protection	ulinzi
protective	kinga
protector	mlinzi
protein	protini
protest	maandamano
protestant	protestant
protocol	itifaki
proton	proton
prototype	mfano
protozoa	protozoa
protracted	muda mrefu
protrude	jitokeza
protrusion	kufungwa
proud	kiburi
prove	kuthibitisha
proven	kuthibitishwa
proverb	mthali
proverbial	proverbial
provide	kutoa
provided	zinazotolewa
providence	kutoa huduma
provider	mtoa huduma
providing	kutoa
province	jimbo
provincial	mkoa
provision	utoaji
provisional	muda mfupi
provisionally	kwa muda mfupi
provisions	masharti
proviso	dhahiri
provocation	uchochezi
provocative	kuchochea
provoke	kumfanya
provoked	hasira
provoking	kuchochea
provost	provost
prowess	uwezo
prowl	kusonga
prowler	mtembezi
proximal	inakadiriwa
proximate	ukaribu
proximity	ukaribu
proxy	wakala
prude	tamaa
prudence	busara
prudent	busara
prune	panda
pruning	kupogoa
pry	pry
prying	kukataa
psalm	Zaburi
psalms	Zaburi
pseudo	pseudo
pseudonym	pseudonym
psi	psi
psoriasis	psoriasis
psych	psych
psyche	psyche
psychedelic	psychedelic
psychiatric	psychiatric
psychiatrist	mtaalamu wa upasuaji wa akili
psychiatry	psychiatry
psychic	psychic
psychical	psychical
psychics	maadili
psycho	kisaikolojia
psychoanalysis	psychoanalysis
psychoanalyst	psychoanalyst
psychobabble	kisaikolojia
psychological	kisaikolojia
psychologist	mwanasaikolojia
psychology	saikolojia
psychopath	kisaikolojia
psychopathic	psychopathic
psychosis	psychosis
psychosomatic	kisaikolojia
psychotherapy	kisaikolojia
psychotic	kisaikolojia
pterodactyl	pterodactyl
ptsd	ptsd
pub	baa
puberty	ujira
pubes	baa
pubescent	pubescent
pubic	uchapishaji
public	umma
publication	uchapishaji
publicist	mtangazaji
publicity	utangazaji
publicly	hadharani
publicspeaking	NO TRANSLATION
publish	kuchapisha
published	iliyochapishwa
publisher	mchapishaji
publishing	kuchapisha
puck	puck
pucker	pucker
pudding	pudding
puddle	pande
pudgy	pudgy
puff	puff
puffing	kujivunia
puffy	puffy
pug	pug
puke	Tapika
pull	kuvuta
pulley	pulley
pullover	piga
pulmonary	pulmonary
pulp	punda
pulpit	mimbara
pulsar	pulsar
pulsation	pulsation
pulse	pigo
puma	puma
pump	pampu
pumped	pumped
pumpkin	malenge
pun	NO TRANSLATION
punch	ngumi
punched	alipigwa
punching	kupiga
punchy	punchy
punctual	wakati
punctuality	muda
punctually	punctually
punctuation	punctuation
puncture	kupigwa
pundit	pundit
pungent	hasira
punish	adhabu
punishable	kuadhibiwa
punished	aliadhibiwa
punishing	kuadhibu
punishment	adhabu
punitive	adhabu
punk	punk
punt	punt
puny	puny
pup	pup
pupil	mwanafunzi
puppet	puppet
puppeteer	mchezaji
puppy	puppy
purchase	kununua
purchaser	mnunuzi
purchasing	ununuzi
pure	safi
purebliss	NO TRANSLATION
puree	puree
purely	kwa usahihi
purgatory	purgatory
purge	purge
purification	utakaso
purify	kusafisha
purist	purist
purity	usafi
purple	zambarau
purport	Pendekeza
purpose	kusudi
purposely	kwa makusudi
purr	purr
purring	kukata
purse	mfuko wa fedha
pursuance	kufuatilia
pursue	kufuata
pursuing	kutafuta
pursuit	kutekeleza
purveyor	purveyor
purview	purview
pus	pus
push	kushinikiza
pusher	pusher
pushing	kusukuma
pushover	pushover
pushy	pushy
puss	puss
pussy	pussy
pussycat	pussycat
put	kuweka
putative	putative
putrid	putrid
puts	unaweka
putt	putt
putter	putter
putty	putty
puzzle	puzzle
puzzled	walishangaa
puzzling	kushangaza
pygmy	pygmy
pylon	pylon
pyramid	piramidi
pyramidal	piramidi
pyrotechnics	pyrotechnics
python	python
quack	shida
quad	quad
quadrangle	quadrangle
quadrant	quadrant
quadratic	quadratic
quadrature	quadrature
quadruple	nne
quadrupole	quadrupole
quagmire	quagmire
quail	miamba
quaint	vyema
quake	tetemeko
qualifications	sifa
qualified	waliohitimu
qualify	kuhitimu
qualifying	kufuzu
qualities	sifa
quality	ubora
quandary	unapenda
quantify	quantify
quantitative	kiasi
quantitatively	quantitatively
quantity	wingi
quantum	quantum
quarantine	karantini
quarrel	ugomvi
quarry	jiji
quart	quart
quarter	robo
quarterback	roboback
quartered	iliyokamilika
quarterly	robo mwaka
quartermaster	robo mkufunzi
quarters	robo
quartet	quartet
quartile	robo
quarto	NO TRANSLATION
quartz	Quartz
quash	quash
quasi	karibu
quaternary	quaternary
quay	NO TRANSLATION
queasiness	upungufu
queasy	mshahara
queen	malkia
queer	Queer
quell	piga
quench	Zima
query	swala
quest	jitihada
question	swali
questionable	wasiwasi
questioning	kuhoji
questionnaire	daima
queue	foleni
queues	foleni
quibble	quibble
quiche	quiche
quick	haraka
quicken	onyesha
quickie	quickie
quickly	haraka
quickness	haraka
quicksand	haraka
quicksilver	mchezaji wa haraka
quid	quid
quiescent	jitihada
quiet	utulivu
quietly	kimya kimya
quill	piga
quilt	shida
quince	quince
quinine	quinine
quintet	quintet
quirk	quirk
quirky	quirky
quit	kuacha
quits	huondoka
quitter	NO TRANSLATION
quiver	kidongo
quivering	huzunguka
quiz	jaribio
quorum	kiasi
quota	upendeleo
quotation	Nukuu
quote	quote
quotes	quotes
quotient	quotient
rabbi	rabi
rabbit	sungura
rabble	sungura
rabid	rabid
rabies	rabies
raccoon	raccoon
race	mbio
racehorse	mbio
racer	racer
racetrack	racetrack
racial	rangi
racism	ubaguzi wa rangi
racist	racist
rack	rack
racket	raketi
racketeering	kupigana
racking	racking
racquetball	racquetball
racy	racy
radar	rada
radial	radial
radiance	kutangaza
radiant	radhi
radiate	panga
radiation	mionzi
radiator	radiator
radical	radical
radically	kwa kiasi kikubwa
radio	redio
radioactive	mionzi
radioactivity	radioactivity
radiograph	radiograph
radiography	radiography
radiologist	radiologist
radiology	radiolojia
radish	radish
radium	radium
radius	radius
radon	radon
raffle	rafle
raft	raft
rag	ragi
rage	hasira
ragemode	ragemode
ragetweet	NO TRANSLATION
ragged	walitiwa
raggedy	raggedy
raging	hasira
rags	magunia
ragtime	ragtime
raid	uvamizi
raider	raider
rail	reli
railing	kumtukana
railroad	reli
railway	reli
raiment	nguo
rain	mvua
rainbow	upinde wa mvua
rainbow trout	upinde wa mvua
rainbows	mvua za mvua
raincoat	mvua ya mvua
raindrops	raindrops
rainfall	mvua
rainforest	Msitu wa mvua
rainmaker	mchezaji wa mvua
rainstorm	mvua ya mvua
rainy	mvua
rainyday	siku ya mvua
raise	kuinua
raised	alimfufua
raisin	mzabibu
raising	kuinua
rake	tafuta
rally	rally
ram	kondoo
ramble	tamaa
rambling	kukimbia
ramp	ramp
rampage	rampage
rampant	kuenea
rampart	rampart
ramrod	ramrod
ranch	ranchi
rancher	rancher
rancid	rancid
random	random
randomly	randomly
randomness	randomness
randy	randy
range	mbalimbali
ranger	mganga
rank	cheo
ranking	cheo
ransom	fidia
rant	rant
ranting	ranting
rap	rap
rape	kubaka
rapid	haraka
rapidity	haraka
rapids	rapids
rapist	mkandamizaji
rapper	mwandishi
rapping	kukwama
rapport	NO TRANSLATION
rapt	rapt
raptor	raptor
raptors	raptors
rapture	kunyakuliwa
rare	nadra
rarely	nadra
rarity	uhaba
rascal	shauri
rash	upele
raspberries	raspberries
raspberry	Raspberry
rat	panya
ratchet	ratchet
rate	kiwango
ratification	ratiba
ratify	ratiba
rating	tathmini
ratio	uwiano
ration	mgawo
rational	busara
rationale	dhana
rationalism	rationalism
rationality	rationality
rationalize	tathmini
rationing	rationing
rattan	rattan
rattle	piga
rattled	ilipigwa
rattler	rattler
rattlesnake	rattlesnake
ratty	upendeleo
raucous	raucous
ravage	kuua
rave	rave
raven	kamba
ravenous	mkali
ravine	mto
raving	raving
ravioli	ravioli
ravishing	kukandamiza
raw	ghafi
rawhide	ghafi
rawr	ghafi
ray	ray
razor	lazi
reach	fikia
react	kuitikia
reaction	majibu
reactionary	majibu
reactive	tendaji
reactor	Reactor
read	soma
reader	msomaji
readership	msomaji
readily	kwa urahisi
readiness	utayari
reading	kusoma
readjustment	rekebisha
readout	Soma
ready	tayari
readytogo	tayaritogo
reaffirm	kuthibitisha
reagent	reagent
real	halisi
realism	uhalisi
realist	kweli
realistic	kweli
reality	ukweli
realization	kutambua
realize	kutambua
realm	ulimwengu
realtor	realtor
realty	halisi
ream	ream
reap	kuvuna
reaper	mvunaji
reappear	huja tena
rear	nyuma
rearrange	rekebisha tena
rearrangement	rearrangement
reason	sababu
reasonable	nzuri
reasonableness	busara
reasoning	hoja
reasons	sababu
reassemble	reassemble
reassign	reassign
reassignment	reassignment
reassurance	uhakikisho
reassure	thibitisha
reassured	alihakikishiwa
reassuring	kuhakikishia
rebate	rejea
rebel	waasi
rebellion	uasi
rebellious	waasi
rebels	waasi
rebirth	kuzaliwa tena
reboot	reboot
reborn	kuzaliwa upya
rebound	upungufu
rebuild	kujenga tena
rebuke	kumkemea
rebut	rebut
rebuttal	rebuttal
recalcitrant	recalcitrant
recall	kukumbuka
recant	rejea
recap	rejea
recapture	kurudia tena
recast	kupungua
recede	pungua
receding	kuongezeka
receipt	risiti
receipts	risiti
receive	pata
received	alipokea
receiver	mpokeaji
receiving	kupokea
recent	hivi karibuni
receptacle	kipokezi
reception	mapokezi
receptionist	mapokezi
receptive	kupokea
receptor	receptor
recess	kipindi cha mapumziko
recesses	mapumziko
recession	uchumi
recharge	recharge
recheck	reka tena
recherche	NO TRANSLATION
recidivism	recidivism
recipe	mapishi
recipient	mpokeaji
reciprocal	ratiba
reciprocate	kurudia
reciprocity	usahihi
recital	kuandika
recitation	rejea
recite	soma
reckless	wasiwasi
recklessness	kutokuwa na ujinga
reckon	hesabu
reckoning	kuhesabu
reclaim	rejesha tena
reclamation	kuahirisha
recline	rejea
reclining	kupumzika
recluse	kuhama
recognition	kutambua
recognizable	inatambulika
recognize	kutambua
recognized	kutambuliwa
recoil	rejea
recollect	kukumbuka
recollection	kukumbukwa
recombinant	recombinant
recombination	recombination
recommend	kupendekeza
recommendation	mapendekezo
recompense	malipo
recon	upya
reconcile	kupatanisha
reconciliation	upatanisho
reconfigure	upya upya
reconnaissance	utambuzi
reconnect	kuunganisha tena
reconsider	rejea tena
reconsideration	upya tena
reconstitution	upya
reconstruct	upya upya
reconstruction	ujenzi
reconstructive	upya
reconvene	upatanisha
record	rekodi
recorder	rekodi
recording	kurekodi
recount	tueleze
recoup	jenga tena
recourse	matumizi
recover	kupona
recoverable	yanaweza kupatikana
recovery	kupona
recreate	rejesha tena
recreation	burudani
recreational	burudani
recruit	kuajiri
recruiter	recruiter
recruiting	kuajiri
recruitment	kuajiri
recruits	huajiri
rectal	rectal
rectangle	mstatili
rectangular	mstatili
rectification	kurekebisha
rectify	rekebisha
rector	rector
rectory	rectory
rectum	rectum
recumbent	recumbent
recuperation	upungufu
recur	kurudi
recurrence	kurudia
recurrent	mara kwa mara
recurring	mara kwa mara
recursion	kurudi
recursive	mara kwa mara
recursively	mara kwa mara
recycle	rejesha
recycled	recycled
recycling	kuchakata
red	nyekundu
reddish	nyekundu
redecorate	redecorate
redeem	ukomboe
redeemed	alikombolewa
redemption	ukombozi
redesign	redesign
redhead	redhead
redheaded	imejikuta
redirect	redirect
redneck	redneck
redness	upeo
redo	redo
redress	rekebisha
reduce	kupunguza
reduced	kupunguzwa
reduction	kupunguza
redundancy	redundancy
redundant	imetoa tena
redwood	redwood
reed	mwanzi
reef	mwamba
reefer	reefer
reefs	miamba
reek	reek
reel	reel
reelection	reelection
reeling	kutembea
reenactment	reenactment
reentry	reentry
reestablish	reestablish
ref	ref
refer	rejea
referee	mwamuzi
reference	kumbukumbu
referendum	kura ya maoni
referral	rufaa
refill	fidia
refine	fanya
refined	iliyosafishwa
refinement	uboreshaji
refinery	raffinery
refining	kusafisha
refit	rejea
reflect	kutafakari
reflecting	kuonyesha
reflection	kutafakari
reflective	kutafakari
reflector	mtazamaji
reflex	reflex
reflux	reflux
reform	mageuzi
reformation	marekebisho
reformer	mrekebisho
refraction	kukataa
refractor	refractor
refractory	kinzani
refrain	shika
refraining	kuacha
refresh	furahisha
refreshed	imerejeshwa
refreshing	hufariji
refreshment	raha
refrigerate	friji
refrigeration	majokofu
refrigerator	jokofu
refuel	shirika
refuge	kimbilio
refugee	wakimbizi
refund	rejesha
refurbish	rekebisha
refusal	kukataa
refuse	kukataa
refused	alikataa
refusing	kukataa
refutation	kukataa
refute	kukataa
regain	rejea tena
regal	regal
regalia	regalia
regard	tazama
regatta	regatta
regency	utawala
regenerate	rejea
regeneration	urejesho
regent	regent
reggae	reggae
regime	utawala
regimen	regimen
regiment	kikosi
regimental	regimental
region	kanda
regional	kikanda
regionalism	regionalism
register	kujiandikisha
registrar	msajili
registration	usajili
registry	Usajili
regress	regress
regression	kudhibiti
regressive	regressive
regret	majuto
regretful	huzuni
regrettable	huzuni
regretted	alijitikia
regretting	huzuni
regroup	kuunganisha
regular	mara kwa mara
regularity	kawaida
regulars	mara kwa mara
regulate	kudhibiti
regulated	imewekwa
regulation	Taratibu
regulator	mdhibiti
regulatory	udhibiti
regurgitation	kurudia
rehab	rehab
rehabilitate	rehabisha
rehabilitation	ukarabati
rehash	rehash
rehearsal	mazoezi
rehearse	fanya mazoezi
reign	utawala
reigning	kutawala
reimburse	reimburse
reimbursement	rembursement
rein	kidogo
reincarnation	kuzaliwa upya
reindeer	reindeer
reinforce	kuimarisha
reinforcement	kuimarisha
reinforcements	reinforcements
reins	reins
reinstall	rejesha tena
reinstate	kurejesha tena
reinstatement	kurejesha tena
reinvest	kurudia
reinvestment	reinvestment
reiterate	rejea
reject	kukataa
rejected	imekataliwa
rejection	kukataliwa
rejects	anakataa
rejoice	shangwe
rejoicing	furaha
rejoin	Ungia tena
rejuvenate	rejea
rejuvenated	ilifufuliwa
rekindle	rejea
relapse	kurudi tena
relate	yanahusiana
related	kuhusiana
relation	uhusiano
relationship	uhusiano
relative	jamaa
relativity	relativity
relax	kupumzika
relaxant	relaxant
relaxation	utulivu
relaxed	walishirikiana
relaxing	kufurahi
relay	relay
release	kutolewa
released	iliyotolewa
relegation	relegation
relentless	hawakubali
relevance	umuhimu
relevancy	umuhimu
relevant	husika
reliability	kuegemea
reliable	kuaminika
reliance	kutegemea
relic	relic
relics	mabaki
relief	misaada
relieve	kuondokana
relieved	kuondolewa
relieving	kuondokana
relight	hutegemea
religion	dini
religious	kidini
relinquish	kuachia
relish	furaha
relive	funga
reload	reja tena
relocate	rejesha
relocation	kuhama
reluctance	kukataa
reluctant	kusita
rely	kutegemea
remain	kubaki
remainder	salio
remaining	iliyobaki
remains	bado
remake	rekebisha
remand	remand
remark	sema
remarkable	ajabu
remarkably	inashangaza
remarry	kuoa tena
rematch	rematch
remedial	kurekebisha
remedy	dawa
remember	kumbuka
remembered	kukumbukwa
remembering	kukumbuka
remembrance	kumbukumbu
remind	kukumbusha
reminder	kukumbusha
reminisce	kukumbuka
reminiscent	kukumbuka
reminiscing	reminiscing
remiss	rejea
remission	rehema
remit	rejea
remittance	malipo
remnant	mabaki
remodel	remodel
remorse	majuto
remorseful	mwenye kusikitisha
remote	kijijini
remoteness	upotevu
removal	kuondolewa
remove	ondoa
remover	mtoaji
remuneration	mshahara
renaissance	urejesho
renal	renal
rencontre	NO TRANSLATION
rend	NO TRANSLATION
render	kutoa
rendering	utoaji
rendezvous	huenda
rendition	maelekezo
renegade	uasi
renegotiate	rejadiliana
renew	upya
renewal	upya
renounce	kukataa
renovate	rekebisha
renovated	ukarabati
renovation	ukarabati
renown	sifa
renowned	mashuhuri
rent	kukodisha
rental	kukodisha
renter	mwenyeji
renunciation	kukataa
reopen	Fungua tena
reorganization	upangaji
reorganize	rekebisha tena
rep	rep
repaint	repaint
repair	ukarabati
repairman	mfanyakazi
reparation	malipo
repay	kulipa
repayment	kulipa
repeal	Futa
repeat	kurudia
repeated	imerudiwa
repeatedly	mara kwa mara
repeater	kurudia
repel	pindua
repellant	repellant
repellent	hutumiwa
repelling	kupindua
repent	tubu
repentance	toba
repentant	hutubu
repertoire	repertoire
repertory	repertory
repetition	kurudia
repetitive	kurudia
rephrase	rephrase
replace	kuchukua nafasi
replacement	mbadala
replay	rejesha tena
replenish	Kujaza
replete	pindua
replica	replica
replicate	kuiga
replication	replication
reply	jibu
report	ripoti
reported	iliripotiwa
reporter	mwandishi
repose	kupumzika
reposition	reposition
repository	hifadhi
repossess	repossess
reprehensible	halali
represent	kuwakilisha
representation	uwakilishi
representative	mwakilishi
represented	wakilishwa
representing	inayowakilisha
repress	pindua
repressed	yamepigwa
repression	ukandamizaji
reprieve	futa
reprimand	kumtuliza
reprint	rejesha tena
reprisal	kuadhibiwa
reprise	rejea
reproach	aibu
reproduce	kuzaa
reproduction	uzazi
reproductive	uzazi
reprogram	reprogramu
reptile	reptile
republic	Jamhuri
republican	jamhuriani
repudiation	kukataa
repugnance	upungufu
repugnant	inakataa
repulsion	kukataa
repulsive	kupuuza
repurchase	onanisha
reputable	yenye sifa
reputation	sifa
repute	tamaa
reputed	inajulikana
request	ombi
requiem	requiem
require	inahitaji
required	inahitajika
requirement	mahitaji
requisite	inahitajika
requisition	mahitaji
reread	rejea
reroute	rejea
rerun	rejea
reschedule	reschedule
rescind	Futa
rescission	fungua
rescue	kuokoa
research	utafiti
researcher	mtafiti
resection	upatanisho
resemblance	kufanana
resemble	inafanana
resembling	inafanana
resent	chuki
resentful	hasira
resentment	chuki
reservation	uhifadhi
reserve	hifadhi
reserved	zimehifadhiwa
reserves	hifadhi
reservoir	hifadhi
reset	rekebisha tena
reside	kaa
residence	makazi
residences	makazi
residency	makazi
resident	anaishi
residential	makazi
residual	mabaki
residue	mabaki
resign	jiuzulu
resignation	kujiuzulu
resigned	alijiuzulu
resilience	ujasiri
resilient	ustahimili
resin	resin
resist	Pinga
resistance	upinzani
resistant	sugu
resisting	kupinga
resistive	resistive
resolute	salama
resolutely	kwa uhakika
resolution	azimio
resolve	tatua
resolved	imetatuliwa
resonance	resonance
resonant	resonant
resonate	soma
resonator	resonator
resort	mapumziko
resounding	kuongezeka
resource	rasilimali
resourceful	mbunifu
resources	rasilimali
respect	heshima
respectability	heshima
respectable	heshima
respected	kuheshimiwa
respectful	heshima
respecting	kuheshimu
respective	husika
respects	heshima
respiration	kupumua
respirator	kupumua
respiratory	kupumua
respite	heshima
resplendent	heshima
respond	jibu
respondent	mhojiwa
response	jibu
responsibility	wajibu
responsible	wajibu
responsive	msikivu
rest	pumzika
restart	Anzisha tena
restaurant	mgahawa
rested	ilipumzika
restful	kupumzika
restitution	marejesho
restless	hawezi kupumzika
restlessness	kupuuza
restock	rejea
restoration	marejesho
restorative	kurejesha
restore	kurejesha
restored	kurejeshwa
restoring	kurejesha
restrain	kuzuia
restrained	imezuiliwa
restraining	kuzuia
restraint	kizuizi
restrict	kuzuia
restricted	vikwazo
restriction	kizuizi
restrictive	kizuizi
restroom	choo
result	matokeo
resultant	matokeo
resume	rejea
resumption	kuanza tena
resurrect	kumfufua
resurrection	ufufuo
resuscitate	rejea
resuscitation	ufufuo
retail	rejareja
retailer	muuzaji
retain	kuhifadhi
retainer	retainer
retaining	kubakiza
retake	tumia
retaliate	kulipiza kisasi
retaliation	kulipiza kisasi
retaliatory	kisasi
retard	tamaa
retardation	kuchelewa
retarded	imeshindwa
retards	kuchelewa
retention	uhifadhi
retentive	kuzingatia
rethink	fanya upya
reticent	reticent
retina	retina
retinal	retinal
retire	kustaafu
retired	mstaafu
retirement	kustaafu
retiring	kustaafu
retold	kurudia
retort	kupindua
retrace	rejea
retract	rejea
retraction	rekebisha
retractor	rekodi
retreat	kurudia
retrenchment	kufungia
retrial	retrial
retribution	malipo
retrieval	kurejesha
retrieve	pata
retriever	retriever
retro	retro
retroactive	kurejesha
retrograde	Rudisha upya
retrospect	retrospect
retrospective	retrospective
retrospectively	retrospectively
return	kurudi
reunion	reunion
reunite	Unganisha tena
reunited	kuunganishwa tena
rev	rev
reveal	Onyesha
revel	revel
revelation	ufunuo
revelations	mafunuo
revels	mafunuo
revenge	kulipiza kisasi
revenue	mapato
reverberation	reverberation
revere	heshima
reverence	heshima
reverend	Mchungaji
reverent	heshima
reverie	reverie
reversal	mabadiliko
reverse	reverse
reversion	reversion
revert	rejea
reverting	kurejea
review	tathmini
reviewer	mkaguzi
revise	kurekebisha
revision	marudio
revisit	rejea
revival	uamsho
revive	kufufua
revocation	uondoaji
revoke	rejea
revolt	uasi
revolting	kukiuka
revolution	mapinduzi
revolutionary	mapinduzi
revolutionize	mapinduzi
revolve	zunguka
revolver	mkimbizi
revolving	zinazoendelea
revue	revue
revulsion	uasi
revving	kurudia
reward	zawadi
rewarding	yenyewadi
rewind	rewind
rewire	rewire
rewrite	Andika tena
rhapsody	rhapsody
rhetoric	rhetoric
rhetorical	rhetorical
rheumatism	rheumatism
rhinestone	rhinestone
rhino	rhinino
rhinoceros	rhinino
rhubarb	rhubarb
rhyme	rhyme
rhyming	rhyming
rhythm	rhythm
rhythmic	rhythmic
rhythmical	rhythmical
rib	namba
ribbed	ribbed
ribbon	Ribbon
rice	mchele
rich	tajiri
riches	utajiri
richness	utajiri
rick	rick
rickety	kukata tamaa
rickshaw	rickshaw
ricochet	ricochet
rid	Ondoa
riddance	uvunjaji
riddle	kitendawili
riddled	limejaa
ride	safari
rider	wapanda farasi
ridge	ridge
ridicule	kudharau
ridiculed	alicheka
ridiculous	ujinga
riding	wanaoendesha
rife	tamaa
riff	riff
riffraff	riffraff
rifle	bunduki
rifleman	mpiganaji
rifles	bunduki
rift	kivuli
rig	rig
rigged	amesimama
rigging	uvunjaji
right	haki
righteous	haki
righteousness	haki
rightful	haki
rightly	hakika
righty	sawa
rigid	imara
rigidity	rigidity
rigor	ukali
rigorous	ukali
rim	rim
rind	rind
ring	pete
ringer	pete
ringing	kupigia
ringleader	mwandishi
ringmaster	mkufunzi
ringside	ringside
rink	rink
rinse	suuza
riot	rushwa
rioting	kupigana
riotous	hasira
riots	vurugu
rip	mpasuko
riparian	mpigani
ripe	kuiva
ripen	kuiva
ripening	kuvuna
ripper	mpinzani
ripple	kupiga
rippling	kupigana
rise	kupanda
rising	kupanda
risk	hatari
risky	hatari
risotto	risotto
rite	ibada
ritual	ibada
ritualistic	ritualistic
rival	mpinzani
rivalry	mgongano
river	Mto
riverbank	mto wa mto
riverbed	mto
riverboat	baharini
rivet	rivet
riveted	riveted
riveting	riveting
roach	roach
road	barabara
roadblock	barabara ya barabara
roadhouse	barabara
roadie	roadie
roadrage	NO TRANSLATION
roadrunner	barabara
roads	barabara
roadside	barabara
roadster	roadster
roadtrip	barabara
roadway	barabara
roadworks	barabara
roam	roam
roar	kupiga kelele
roaring	kuomboleza
roast	cheka
roasted	iliyochomwa
rob	uibike
robber	mwizi
robbery	wizi
robe	vazi
robin	robin
robot	robot
robotic	roboti
robotics	robotiki
robust	imara
roc	roc
rock	mwamba
rocker	mwamba
rocket	roketi
rocks	mawe
rod	fimbo
rodent	panya
rodeo	rodeo
roe	roe
rogue	rogue
role	jukumu
roll	roll
roller	roller
rollercoaster	roller Coaster
rollers	rollers
rollicking	kukimbia
rolling	kupigia
roman	kimapenzi
romance	upendo
romantic	kimapenzi
romanticism	kimapenzi
romp	romp
roof	paa
rooftop	dari
rook	rook
rookie	rookie
room	chumba
roomful	chumba
roommate	mtu wa kulala naye
rooms	vyumba
roomy	upofu
roost	jiti
rooster	jogoo
root	mizizi
root beer	bia ya mizizi
rooted	mizizi
rope	kamba
ropes	kamba
rosary	rozari
rose	akaondoka
rosemary	rosemary
rosette	rosette
roster	roster
rosy	tamaa
rot	kuoza
rota	rota
rotary	rotary
rotate	mzunguko
rotation	mzunguko
rote	rote
rotor	rotor
rotten	imeoza
rotting	kuoza
rotunda	rotunda
rouge	nyekundu
rough	mbaya
roughly	karibu
roughneck	roughneck
roughness	ukali
roulette	roulette
round	pande zote
roundabout	pande zote
rounded	pande zote
roundup	roundup
rouse	kumka
rouser	rouser
rousing	kuamka
rout	utaratibu
route	njia
routine	kawaida
rove	rove
rover	rover
roving	kuruka
row	mstari
rowboat	safu
rowdy	safu
rowing	kupiga
royal	kifalme
royalty	kifalme
rub	shika
rubber	mpira
rubbers	rubbers
rubbing	kusugua
rubbish	takataka
rubble	kifusi
rubdown	uharibifu
rubric	rubri
ruby	ruby
ruckus	ruckus
rudder	rudder
ruddy	ngumu
rude	jeuri
rudeness	uovu
rudimentary	rudimentary
rudiments	vikwazo
rue	rue
rueful	tamaa
ruff	ruff
ruffian	kijivu
ruffle	shika
rug	rug
rugby	rugby
rugged	mviringo
ruin	uharibifu
ruination	kuharibika
ruined	kuharibiwa
ruinous	uharibifu
ruins	mabomo
rule	utawala
ruler	mtawala
ruling	utawala
rum	ramu
rumba	rumba
rumble	rumble
rummage	rumage
rumor	uvumi
rumored	rushwa
rump	rump
rumpus	rumpus
run	kukimbia
runaround	uendeshaji
runaway	Kimbia
rundown	rundown
runes	inaendesha
rung	rung
runner	mkimbiaji
running	Kimbia
running shoes	viatu vya mbio
runny	kukimbia
runt	NO TRANSLATION
runway	barabara
rupture	kupasuka
rural	vijijini
ruse	NO TRANSLATION
rush	kukimbilia
rushing	kukimbilia
rust	kutu
rusted	iliyokatwa
rustic	rustic
rustle	nguruwe
rustler	rustler
rusty	rusty
rut	rut
ruth	ruth
ruthless	hasira
rye	Rye
sabbatical	sabati
saber	NO TRANSLATION
sable	sable
sabotage	sabotage
saboteur	sabote
sac	sac
sack	gunia
sacrament	Sakramenti
sacred	takatifu
sacrifice	dhabihu
sacrifices	dhabihu
sacrificial	dhabihu
sacrilege	dhabihu
sacrilegious	ibada
sad	huzuni
sadday	NO TRANSLATION
saddens	saddens
saddle	kitanda
sadist	sadist
sadistic	sadistic
sadly	kwa kusikitisha
sadness	huzuni
safari	safari
safe	salama
safeguard	kulinda
safekeeping	kuhifadhi
safety	usalama
saffron	safari
sag	sag
saga	saga
sage	sage
saggy	saggy
sail	safari
sailboat	baharini
sailing	safari
sailor	baharini
saint	mtakatifu
sainted	Sainted
saintly	saintly
sake	kwa sababu
salad	saladi
salamander	salamander
salami	salami
salary	mshahara
sale	uuzaji
salesgirl	salesgirl
salesman	mfanyabiashara
salient	salient
saline	salini
saliva	mate
sally	sally
salmon	laini
salmonella	salmonella
salon	saluni
saloon	saloon
salsa	salsa
salt	chumvi
salted	chumvi
saltwater	maji ya chumvi
salty	chumvi
salutary	salutary
salutation	salamu
salute	Salamu
salvage	salvage
salvation	wokovu
salve	salve
samba	samba
sameness	sameness
sample	sampuli
samurai	samurai
sanatorium	sanatorium
sanctification	utakaso
sanctified	kutakaswa
sanctify	takatifu
sanctimonious	kutakasa
sanction	kuamuru
sanctioned	kuadhibiwa
sanctity	utakatifu
sanctuary	mahali patakatifu
sanctum	sanctum
sand	mchanga
sandal	mchanga
sandbox	sandbox
sander	sander
sandman	sandman
sandpaper	sandpaper
sands	mchanga
sandstorm	mchanga
sandwich	sandwich
sandy	mchanga
sane	sane
sanguine	damu
sanitarium	sanitarium
sanitary	usafi
sanitation	usafi wa mazingira
sanity	usafi
sans	NO TRANSLATION
santa	santa
sap	samani
sapiens	sapiens
sapphire	samafi
sappy	sappy
sarcasm	hofu
sarcastic	sarcastic
sarcoma	sarcoma
sarcophagus	sarcophagus
sardine	sardine
sardonic	sardoniki
sarsaparilla	sarsaparilla
sash	sash
sashimi	sashimi
sassafras	sassafras
sassy	sassy
satanic	Shetani
satchel	satchel
sate	NO TRANSLATION
satellite	satellite
satin	satin
satire	satire
satirical	satirical
satisfaction	kuridhika
satisfactorily	kwa kuridhisha
satisfactory	kuridhisha
satisfied	kuridhika
satisfy	kukidhi
satisfying	kuridhisha
saturate	weza
saturated	imejaa
saturation	kueneza
satyr	satyr
sauce	mchuzi
saucepan	sufuria
saucer	sahani
saucy	saucy
sauerkraut	sauerkraut
sauna	sauna
sausage	sausage
savage	savage
savagery	uharibifu
savanna	savanna
savannah	savanna
savant	savant
save	salama
saver	saver
saving	kuokoa
savings	akiba
savior	mwokozi
savor	kula
savory	salama
savvy	savvy
saw	aliona
sawdust	utulivu
sawmill	saruji
sax	sax
saxophone	saxophone
say	sema
sayonara	NO TRANSLATION
scab	kamba
scabbard	kamba
scaffold	scaffold
scaffolding	kupungua
scalding	scalding
scale	kiwango
scales	mizani
scallop	scallop
scalp	kichwani
scalpel	scalpel
scaly	kamba
scam	kashfa
scamp	tundu
scampi	scampi
scan	soma
scandal	kashfa
scandalous	kashfa
scanner	Scanner
scanty	harufu
scape	tamaa
scapegoat	upepo
scar	kovu
scarab	scarab
scarce	haipungukani
scarcely	vigumu
scarcity	uhaba
scare	hofu
scarecrow	scarecrow
scared	hofu
scares	inatisha
scarf	scarf
scarier	mkali
scariest	ni mbaya zaidi
scarlet	nyekundu
scary	inatisha
scat	tangazo
scatter	kugawa
scattered	waliotawanyika
scattering	kueneza
scavenger	mkangaji
scenario	hali
scene	eneo
scenery	mandhari
scenic	mazuri
scent	harufu
scented	harufu nzuri
scepter	fimbo
sceptical	wasiwasi
scepticism	skepticism
schadenfreude	schadenfreude
schedule	ratiba
schematic	schematic
scheme	mpango
schilling	schilling
schism	ubaguzi
schizophrenia	schizophrenia
schizophrenic	schizophrenic
schlep	schlep
schmuck	NO TRANSLATION
schnapps	schnapps
schnitzel	schnitzel
scholar	mwanachuoni
scholarly	wasomi
scholarship	udhamini
scholastic	elimu
school	shule
schoolboy	shule ya shule
schoolgirl	schoolgirl
schoolhouse	shule ya shule
schooling	shule
schoolmaster	mwalimu wa shule
schoolteacher	NO TRANSLATION
schoolwork	kazi ya shule
schoolyard	shule ya shule
schooner	mwanafunzi
sciatica	sciatica
science	sayansi
scientific	kisayansi
scientist	mwanasayansi
scifi	scifi
scintilla	NO TRANSLATION
scintillating	kuvutia
scintillation	scintillation
scintillator	scintillator
scion	scion
scissors	mkasi
scoff	mshtuko
scold	kukemea
scolding	kupiga
scone	tamaa
scoop	piga
scoot	piga
scooter	pikipiki
scope	wigo
scorch	kuchomwa
scorching	kuchoma
score	alama
scoreboard	scoreboard
scorer	mfanyabiashara
scores	alama
scorn	dharau
scorned	kudharauliwa
scornful	aibu
scorpion	nguruwe
scotch	soma
scoundrel	scoundrel
scour	piga
scourge	janga
scout	swala
scowl	scowl
scrabble	kuponda
scram	scram
scramble	kinyang'anyiro
scrambled	walipiga
scrambler	scrambler
scrambling	kukimbia
scrap	chakavu
scrapbook	scrapbook
scrape	piga
scrapie	scrapie
scraping	kupiga
scrappy	scrappy
scratch	mwanzo
scratchy	mkali
scrawny	scrawny
scream	piga kelele
screamer	mchezaji
screaming	kupiga kelele
screech	Futa
screen	skrini
screening	uchunguzi
screenplay	screenplay
screenwriter	mwandishi wa skrini
screw	screw
screwball	screwball
screwdriver	screwdriver
screwed	zimejaa
screwy	screwy
screwyou	NO TRANSLATION
scribble	scribble
scribe	mwandishi
scrimmage	scrimmage
scrip	script
script	script
scriptural	maandiko
scripture	maandiko
scroll	futa
scrotum	kinga
scrounge	songa
scrounger	kuunda
scrub	kupiga
scruffy	scruffy
scrumptious	scrumptious
scrupulous	scrupulous
scrutinize	kuchunguza
scrutiny	kuchunguza
scuba	scuba
scuff	scuff
scuffle	shirika
scullery	scullery
sculptor	muigaji
sculpture	uchongaji
sculptured	kuchonga
scum	scum
scumbag	scumbag
scurry	fanya
scurvy	scurvy
scuttle	tamaa
sea	bahari
seaboard	seabodi
seafood	dagaa
seagull	seagull
seal	muhuri
seals	mihuri
seam	mshono
seaman	mwenyeji
seamless	imefumwa
seamstress	seamstress
seaport	bandari
sear	tafuta
search	tafuta
searching	kutafuta
searchlight	tafuta
seared	zimehifadhiwa
seashore	bahari
seasick	seasick
seaside	bahari
season	msimu
seasonal	msimu
seasoned	iliyopangwa
seasoning	msimu
seat	kiti
seatbelt	kiti cha kiti
seating	kuketi
seawater	maji ya bahari
seaweed	bahari
sec	sekunde
secession	uchumi
secluded	sekunde
seclusion	kutengwa
second	pili
second cousin	binamu wa pili
secondary	sekondari
secondhand	mtumba
secrecy	siri
secret	siri
secretariat	sekretarieti
secretary	katibu
secrete	secrete
secretion	secretion
secretive	siri
secretly	kwa siri
sect	dini
sectarian	kikundi
section	sehemu
sectional	sehemu
sector	sekta
secular	kidunia
secularism	secularism
secure	salama
securities	dhamana
security	usalama
sedan	NO TRANSLATION
sedate	seti
sedation	sedation
sedative	sedative
sedentary	sedentary
sedge	tamaa
sediment	seti
sedimentary	sedimentary
sedition	uasi
seduce	kupotosha
seducer	kudanganya
seducing	kudanganya
seduction	kudanganya
seductive	kushawishi
see	tazama
seed	mbegu
seedling	mbegu
seeds	mbegu
seedy	mbegu
seek	tafuta
seeker	msomaji
seem	kuonekana
seemingly	inaonekana
seer	mwonaji
seesaw	seesaw
seething	inaonekana
segment	sehemu
segregate	sega
segregated	imegawanyika
segregation	ubaguzi
seismic	seismic
seize	kumtia
seizure	mshtuko
seldom	mara kwa mara
select	chagua
selection	uteuzi
selective	kuchagua
selectman	selectman
selenium	selenium
self	binafsi
selfharm	NO TRANSLATION
selfish	ubinafsi
selfishness	ubinafsi
selfless	bila kujitegemea
selflove	NO TRANSLATION
selfworth	NO TRANSLATION
sell	kuuza
seller	muuzaji
sellout	uuzaji
seltzer	seltzer
semantics	semantics
semaphore	semaphore
semblance	mfano
semen	shahawa
semester	semester
semi	nusu
semiautomatic	NO TRANSLATION
semicolon	semicoloni
seminal	seminal
seminar	semina
seminary	semina
semiotics	nusutiki
senate	sherehe
senator	seneta
send	tuma
sender	mtumaji
senescence	sherehe
senile	senile
senior	mwandamizi
seniority	cheo
senor	Senor
senorita	Senorita
sensation	hisia
sensational	hisia
sense	hisia
senseless	sio maana
senses	hisia
sensibility	uelewa
sensible	busara
sensibly	kwa busara
sensitive	nyeti
sensitivity	uelewa
sensor	sensor
sensory	hisia
sensual	kidunia
sensuality	utamaduni
sensuous	ya kusikitisha
sentence	hukumu
sentencing	hukumu
sentient	hisia
sentiment	hisia
sentimental	sentimental
sentimentality	sentimentality
sentinel	sentinel
sentry	mtumaji
separable	kujitenga
separate	tofauti
separately	tofauti
separation	kujitenga
separatist	separatist
sepia	sepia
sepsis	sepsis
sept	Sept
septic	septic
septum	Septum
sequel	sequel
sequence	mlolongo
sequent	sequent
sequestered	sequestered
sequestration	ufuatiliaji
serenade	serenade
serendipity	serendipity
serene	serene
serenity	Utulivu
sergeant	Sergeant
serial	serial
serialize	sarisha
series	mfululizo
serif	serif
serious	mbaya
seriousness	uzito
sermon	mahubiri
serpent	nyoka
serpentine	nyoka
serrated	serred
serum	serum
servant	mtumishi
serve	tumikia
server	seva
service	huduma
serviceable	inayoweza kutumika
servile	servile
servitude	utumishi
sesame	sesame
sess	NO TRANSLATION
session	kipindi
sessions	vikao
set	kuweka
setback	kurudi
sett	NO TRANSLATION
setter	seti
settle	tulia
settled	tulia
settlement	makazi
settler	mpangilio
settlor	kukabiliana
setup	kuanzisha
seven	saba
seventeen	kumi na saba
seventh	wa saba
seventy	sabini
sever	sever
severable	severable
severally	severally
severance	kusitisha
severe	kali
severely	kwa ukali sana
severity	ukali
sew	kushona
sewage	maji taka
sewer	maji taka
sewerage	maji taka
sewing	kushona
sex	ngono
sexist	mtu wa kijinsia
sexual	ngono
sexuality	jinsia
sexy	sexy
shabby	shabby
shack	shack
shackle	shackle
shade	kivuli
shades	vivuli
shading	kivuli
shadow	kivuli
shadowy	kivuli
shady	shady
shaft	shimoni
shag	shag
shaggy	shaggy
shake	shake
shakedown	shakedown
shaken	imetetemeka
shaker	shaker
shaking	kutetereka
shaky	shaky
shall	itakuwa
shallow	wazi
shallows	shallows
sham	sham
shaman	shaman
shambles	shambles
shame	aibu
shamed	aibu
shameful	aibu
shameless	aibu
shampoo	shampoo
shanghai	shanghai
shank	shank
shanty	shanty
shape	sura
shapely	shapely
shard	shard
share	kushiriki
shareholder	mbia
sharing	kugawana
shark	shark
sharp	mkali
sharpen	kuboresha
sharpened	limeinuliwa
sharpener	mkali
sharpness	ukali
sharpshooter	sharpshooter
shatter	shatter
shattered	shattered
shattering	kupoteza
shave	kunyoa
shaver	shaver
shaving	kunyoa
shawl	shawl
sheaf	mchuzi
shear	shear
shears	shears
sheath	kando
sheathing	kupigwa
shed	kumwagika
sheen	sheen
sheep	kondoo
sheepdog	kondoo wa kondoo
sheepish	kondoo
sheer	sherehe
sheet	karatasi
sheik	sheikh
shelf	rafu
shell	shell
shellfish	shellfish
shelling	kupigana
shelter	makao
sheltered	imefungwa
shelters	makao
shelved	rafu
shepherd	mchungaji
sherbet	sherbet
sheriff	sheriff
sherry	sherry
shield	ngao
shift	kuhama
shifting	kuhama
shifty	shifty
shilling	shilingi
shimmer	shimmer
shimmering	shimmering
shimmy	shimmy
shin	shin
shindig	shindig
shine	kuangaza
shiner	shiner
shingle	shingle
shining	kuangaza
shiny	shiny
ship	meli
shipment	usafirishaji
shipping	meli
shipshape	meli
shipwreck	kuanguka kwa meli
shipyard	meli
shire	shire
shirt	shati
shit	shit
shitday	NO TRANSLATION
shitfaced	imefungwa
shithead	shithead
shitless	haipatikani
shitload	shitload
shittest	NO TRANSLATION
shitty	shitty
shiver	shiver
shivering	tetemeka
shoals	viatu
shock	mshtuko
shocked	alishtuka
shocker	shocker
shocking	kushangaza
shockingly	kushangaza
shoddy	shoddy
shoe	kiatu
shoelace	shoelace
shoemaker	shoemaker
shoes	viatu
shoeshine	shoeshine
shook	alitupa
shoot	risasi
shooter	shooter
shooting	risasi
shootout	risasi
shop	Duka
shopkeeper	duka
shoplifter	mtangazaji
shoplifting	ugavi
shopper	shopper
shopping	ununuzi
shore	pwani
shoreline	pwani
shorn	mlio
short	mfupi
short story	hadithi fupi
shortage	uhaba
shortcake	fupi
shortcoming	upungufu
shortcut	njia ya mkato
shorten	punguza
shortening	kupunguza
shorthand	shorthand
shortly	muda mfupi
shortness	uhaba
shorts	kaptura
shortstop	shortstop
shortwave	shortwave
shot	risasi
shotgun	shotgun
shoulder	bega
shout	piga kelele
shove	shove
shovel	koleo
shoveling	shoveling
show	onyesha
showbiz	showbiz
showboat	boti la kuonyesha
showcase	kuonyesha
showdown	uharibifu
shower	kuoga
showgirl	showgirl
showing	kuonesha
showoff	showoff
showroom	chumba cha kuonyesha
showy	kuonyesha
shrapnel	shrapnel
shred	kupigwa
shrew	shrew
shrewd	mwenye busara
shriek	shriek
shrill	fanya
shrimp	shrimp
shrine	hekalu
shrink	punguza
shrinking	kushuka
shrivel	kupotea
shroud	shroud
shrub	shrub
shrubbery	shrubbery
shrug	shrug
shrunk	imeshuka
shrunken	shrunken
shudder	shuka
shuddering	kutetemeka
shuffle	piga
shuffleboard	shuffleboard
shuffling	shuffling
shun	jizuia
shunned	imezuiwa
shunt	shunt
shut	funga
shutdown	kuzimisha
shuteye	NO TRANSLATION
shutit	NO TRANSLATION
shutter	shutter
shuttle	kuhamisha
shutup	NO TRANSLATION
shy	aibu
shyness	aibu
shyster	shyster
sib	NO TRANSLATION
sibling	ndugu
sic	sic
sick	mgonjwa
sickbay	sickbay
sicken	ugonjwa
sickening	ugonjwa
sickle	namba
sickly	mgonjwa
sickness	ugonjwa
side	upande
sidearm	kando
sidebar	sidebar
sideboard	sideboard
sideburns	sideburns
sidecar	sidecar
sidekick	sidekick
sideline	sideline
sideshow	sideshow
sidestep	panda
sidewalk	njia ya njia
sideways	upande wa pili
sidewinder	sidewinder
siege	kuzingirwa
siesta	siesta
sieve	sieve
sift	sita
sifting	kupiga
sigh	pumzika
sight	kuona
sighting	kuona
sightseeing	sightseeing
sigma	sigma
sign	ishara
signal	ishara
signature	Sahihi
significance	umuhimu
significant	muhimu
signification	umuhimu
signify	ishara
signpost	saini
silence	kimya
silencer	silencer
silent	kimya
silently	kimya
silhouette	silhouette
silicon	silicon
silicone	silicone
silk	hariri
silken	hariri
silky	silky
sill	sill
silliness	silliness
silly	silly
silo	silo
silt	silt
silver	fedha
silverware	fedha
silvery	utulivu
similar	sawa
similarity	mfanano
simile	NO TRANSLATION
simmer	simmer
simmering	kuiga
simple	rahisi
simples	NO TRANSLATION
simpleton	rahisi
simplicity	unyenyekevu
simplify	Rahisisha
simplistic	rahisi
simply	tu
simulate	kuiga
simulated	imefanyika
simulating	simulating
simulation	simulation
simulator	simulator
simultaneous	wakati huo huo
simultaneously	wakati huo huo
sin	NO TRANSLATION
sincere	waaminifu
sincerity	uaminifu
sinful	wenye dhambi
sing	kuimba
singer	mwimbaji
singing	kuimba
single	moja
singly	wimbo
singular	Umoja
singularity	uhaba
singularly	singularly
sinister	sinister
sink	shika
sinker	sinker
sinking	kuzama
sinner	mwenye dhambi
sinning	dhambi
sinus	sinus
sip	sip
siphon	siphon
sipping	kupiga
sir	bwana
sire	baba
siren	siren
sirloin	sirloin
sissy	sissy
sister	dada
sisterhood	dada
sit	kukaa
sitcom	sitcom
site	tovuti
sith	sith
sitter	sitter
sitting	ameketi
situate	tamaa
situated	iko
situation	hali
six	sita
sixpence	sita
sixteen	kumi na sita
sixth	sita
sixty	sitini
sizable	sizable
size	ukubwa
sizzle	sizzle
ska	NO TRANSLATION
skate	skate
skateboard	skateboard
skater	skater
skating	skating
skedaddle	skedaddle
skeet	skeet
skein	skein
skeletal	mifupa
skeleton	mifupa
skeptic	skeptic
skeptical	wasiwasi
skepticism	skepticism
sketch	mchoro
sketching	sketching
sketchy	sketchy
skewed	skewed
skewer	skewer
ski	Ski
skid	skid
skier	skier
skiff	kuruka
skiing	Skiing
skijump	NO TRANSLATION
skill	ujuzi
skilled	wenye ujuzi
skillet	skillet
skillful	ujuzi
skim	skim
skimpy	skimpy
skin	ngozi
skinny	skinny
skip	ruka
skipper	skipper
skirmish	skirmish
skirt	sketi
skirting	skirting
skirts	sketi
skit	skit
skittish	skittish
skull	fuvu
skunk	skunk
sky	anga
skylight	skylight
skyline	skyline
skyscraper	skyscraper
slab	slab
slack	slack
slag	slag
slam	slam
slammer	slammer
slander	uchapishaji
slanderous	udanganyifu
slang	slang
slant	slant
slap	kupiga
slash	kuua
slashes	hupunguza
slate	slate
slates	slates
slaughter	kuchinjwa
slaughterhouse	kuchinjwa
slaughtering	kuua
slave	mtumwa
slavery	utumwa
slay	kuua
slayer	mwuaji
sleaze	punguza
sleazy	sleazy
sled	NO TRANSLATION
sledding	sledding
sledge	sledge
sledgehammer	sledgehammer
sleek	sleek
sleep	usingizi
sleeper	usingizi
sleeping	kulala
sleepless	usingizi
sleeplessness	usingizi
sleepover	sleepover
sleepy	usingizi
sleepyhead	usingizi
sleet	sleet
sleeve	sleeve
sleeveless	sleeveless
sleigh	sleigh
sleight	sleight
slender	mdogo
sleuth	sleuth
slice	kipande
slick	kupiga
slicker	slicker
slide	slide
slider	slider
sliding	teleza
slight	kidogo
slight anticipation	kutarajia kidogo
slight disgust	uchafu kidogo
slight surprise	mshangao kidogo
slight trust	imani kidogo
slightly	kidogo
slightly negative	hasi kidogo
slightly positive	chanya kidogo
slim	ndogo
slime	lami
slimy	slimy
sling	sling
slingshot	kombeo
slink	slink
slinky	slinky
slip	kuingizwa
slipper	slipper
slippers	slippers
slippery	kupungua
slit	tanga
sliver	sliver
slob	slob
slobber	slobber
slogan	kauli mbiu
sloop	sloop
slop	NO TRANSLATION
slope	mteremko
sloppy	tamaa
slot	yanayopangwa
sloth	sloth
slouch	slouch
slough	slough
slow	polepole
slowly	polepole
slowness	upole
sludge	sludge
slug	konokono
slugger	slugger
sluggish	wavivu
sluice	sluice
slum	slum
slumber	usingizi
slump	kupungua
slur	slur
slurp	slurp
slush	slush
slut	slut
slutty	slutty
sly	sly
smack	smack
small	ndogo
smaller	ndogo
smallest	ndogo zaidi
smallpox	kijiko
smart	smart
smartass	mjuaji
smarten	smarten
smarty	smarty
smash	smash
smashed	alipasuka
smattering	kupiga
smear	smear
smell	harufu
smelling	kununuliwa
smelly	harufu
smelt	smelt
smidgen	smidgen
smile	tabasamu
smiled	smiled
smiles	kusisimua
smiley	smiley
smiling	kusisimua
smirk	smirk
smite	piga
smith	smith
smithereens	smithereens
smitten	alipigwa
smock	salama
smog	smog
smoke	moshi
smoker	futa
smokey	smokey
smoking	kuvuta sigara
smoky	smoky
smoldering	kunung'unika
smooch	laini
smooth	Nyororo
smoothie	smoothie
smoothly	vizuri
smoothness	laini
smother	smother
smudge	smudge
smug	smug
smuggle	kugeuza
smuggler	smuggler
smuggling	ulaghai
smut	smut
snack	vitafunio
snacks	vitafunio
snafu	snafu
snag	piga
snags	nyara
snail	konokono
snake	nyoka
snakes	nyoka
snakeskin	nyoka
snap	piga
snapper	snapper
snappy	snappy
snapshot	snapshot
snare	mtego
snarl	tamaa
snarling	kupigana
snatch	piga
snatcher	mchungaji
snazzy	snazzy
sneak	sneak
sneaker	sneaker
sneakers	sneakers
sneaking	kupiga
sneaky	sneaky
sneer	sneer
sneeze	onyesha
sneezing	kupiga
snicker	snicker
snide	panya
sniff	piga
snip	snip
snipe	piga
sniper	sniper
snippet	snippet
snippy	snippy
snitch	piga
snob	snob
snoop	snoop
snoopy	snoopy
snooty	snooty
snooze	snooze
snore	piga
snorkel	snorkel
snort	piga
snot	snot
snotty	snotty
snout	pua
snow	theluji
snowball	snowball
snowboard	snowboard
snowboarder	snowboarder
snowday	theluji
snowfall	Snowfall
snowflake	theluji ya theluji
snowing	theluji
snowmageddon	snowmageddon
snowman	snowman
snowplow	theluji ya theluji
snowstorm	mvua ya theluji
snowy	theluji
snub	snub
snubbed	kupigwa
snuff	chupa
snug	snug
snuggle	piga
snuggled	ilipigwa
snuggles	hupuka
snuggling	kupungua
soak	soak
soaked	zimefunikwa
soaking	kutembea
soangry	NO TRANSLATION
soannoyed	NO TRANSLATION
soap	sabuni
soapbox	sanduku la sabuni
soapy	sabuni
soar	soar
soaring	kuongezeka
sob	NO TRANSLATION
sober	nasaha
soblessed	NO TRANSLATION
sobriety	ukatili
soc	soka
soccer	soka
sociable	washirika
social	kijamii
socialanxiety	NO TRANSLATION
socialism	ujamaa
socialist	mstaarabu
socialite	kijamii
socialize	kushirikisha
society	jamii
sociology	sociology
sociopath	sociopath
sock	sock
socket	tundu
sod	sod
soda	soda
soda/pop	soda / pop
sodding	sodding
sodium	sodiamu
sofa	sofa
soft	laini
softball	softball
soften	onyesha
softener	softener
softening	kupunguza
softly	kwa upole
softness	upole
software	programu
soggy	soggy
sohappy	furaha
soil	udongo
soiled	iliyopigwa
soiree	soiree
sojourn	kaeni
solace	faraja
solar	jua
solarium	solarium
solder	solder
soldering	soldering
soldier	askari
sole	pekee
solemn	sherehe
solicit	kuomba
solicitation	kuomba
solicitor	wakili
solid	imara
solidarity	mshikamano
solidification	kuimarisha
solidified	imetuliwa
solidify	kuimarisha
solidity	imara
solitaire	solitaire
solitary	peke yake
solitude	unyenyekevu
solo	solo
solubility	umumunyifu
soluble	mumunyifu
solucky	NO TRANSLATION
solution	suluhisho
solve	kutatua
solvency	Solvens
solvent	kutengenezea
somad	NO TRANSLATION
somatic	somatic
somber	mshangao
some anticipation	baadhi ya kutarajia
some disgust	baadhi ya uchafu
some surprise	baadhi ya mshangao
some trust	baadhi ya uaminifu
somersault	somersault
somethingigetalot	NO TRANSLATION
somewhat negative	kiasi kidogo
somewhat positive	kiasi fulani chanya
somuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
son	mwana
sonar	sonar
sonata	sonata
sonervous	NO TRANSLATION
song	wimbo
songwriter	mtunzi
sonic	sonic
sonice	NO TRANSLATION
sonnet	sonnet
sonorous	sonorous
soot	masizi
soothe	tamaa
soothing	soothing
sophisticated	kisasa
sophistication	kisasa
sophomore	sophomore
sopissed	NO TRANSLATION
soppy	soppy
soprano	soprano
sorcerer	mchawi
sorcery	uchawi
sordid	uovu
sore	maumivu
soready	soready
sorely	kwa kiasi kikubwa
soreness	uchungu
sorghum	mimea
sorority	uchawi
sorrow	huzuni
sorrowful	huzuni
sorry	pole
sort	fanya
sorter	NO TRANSLATION
sortie	NO TRANSLATION
sorting	kuchagua
sos	NO TRANSLATION
soscared	soscared
soscary	sosari
soslow	polepole sana
sostressed	NO TRANSLATION
sosweet	NO TRANSLATION
sothankful	NO TRANSLATION
sou	NO TRANSLATION
soul	nafsi
soulful	roho
soulless	si rahisi
soulmate	moyomate
sound	sauti
sounding	sauti
soundness	uzuri
soundproof	sio sahihi
soundtrack	sauti ya sauti
soup	supu
sour	sour
source	chanzo
sourpuss	sourpuss
south	kusini
southbound	kusini
southeast	kusini mashariki
southern	kusini
southpaw	kusini
southwest	kusini magharibi
souvenir	souvenir
sovereign	huru
sovereignty	uhuru
soviet	Soviet
sow	kupanda
soy	soy
soy sauce	mchuzi wa soya
soybean	soya
spa	spa
space	nafasi
spacecraft	spacecraft
spaceman	spaceman
spaceship	spaceship
spacing	nafasi
spacious	pana
spade	tamaa
spaghetti	tambi
spam	spam
spammers	spammers
span	NO TRANSLATION
spandex	spandex
spaniel	spaniel
spank	spank
spanking	kupiga
spar	spar
spare	vipuri
spareribs	vipuri
sparingly	kidogo
spark	cheza
sparkle	huangaza
sparkling	inang'aa
sparkly	unasema
sparring	kupungua
sparrow	shoro
sparse	wachache
spasm	spasm
spastic	spastic
spat	spat
spatial	nafasi
spatter	spatter
spatula	spatula
spawn	tamaa
spaz	spaz
speak	sema
speakeasy	speakeasy
speaker	msemaji
speakerphone	simu ya mkononi
speaking	akizungumza
spear	mkuki
spec	spec
special	Maalum
specialist	mtaalamu
speciality	maalum
specialize	NO TRANSLATION
specially	hasa
specialty	maalum
specie	NO TRANSLATION
species	aina
specific	maalum
specification	specifikationer
specify	taja
specimen	specimen
speck	speck
speckled	vidogo
specs	specs
spectacle	tamasha
spectacles	viwanja
spectacular	ya kushangaza
spectator	mtazamaji
specter	specter
spectral	spectral
spectrometer	spectrometer
spectrophotometer	spectrophotometer
spectroscopy	spectroscopy
spectrum	wigo
speculate	speculate
speculation	uvumi
speculative	mapema
speculum	speculum
speech	hotuba
speechless	bila kusema
speed	kasi
speedboat	kasi ya kasi
speedily	haraka
speeding	kasi
speedometer	kasi
speedway	kasi
speedy	haraka
spell	spell
spellbound	spellbound
spelling	spelling
spencer	spencer
spend	tumia
spender	spender
spending	matumizi
spent	alitumia
sperm	mbegu
spew	spew
sphere	nyanja
spherical	spherical
sphincter	sphincter
sphinx	sphinx
spic	uchawi
spice	viungo
spicy	spicy
spider	buibui
spiders	buibui
spiffy	spiffy
spigot	spigot
spike	Mwiba
spiked	spiked
spiky	spiky
spill	toa
spillin	NO TRANSLATION
spin	spin
spinach	mchicha
spinal	mgongo
spindle	kusaga
spine	mgongo
spineless	spineless
spinner	spinner
spinning	inazunguka
spinster	spinster
spiny	spiny
spiral	ond
spire	futa
spirit	roho
spirited	spirited
spirits	roho
spiritual	kiroho
spirituality	kiroho
spit	matea
spite	kinyume chake
spiteful	chuki
spitfire	spitfire
spittoon	spittoon
splash	piga
splat	splat
splatter	splatter
spleen	pengu
splendid	kifalme
splendor	utukufu
splice	kipande
spline	spline
splint	splint
splinter	splinter
split	kupasuliwa
splitting	kupasuka
splurge	splurge
spoil	nyara
spoiler	spoiler
spoiling	kuharibu
spoils	nyara
spoke	alizungumza
spoken	amesema
spokesman	msemaji
spokesperson	msemaji
sponge	sifongo
spongy	spongy
sponsor	mdhamini
sponsorship	udhamini
spontaneity	upole
spontaneous	kwa kawaida
spoof	shida
spook	piga
spooky	spooky
spool	spool
spoon	kijiko
spoonful	kijiko
sporadic	mara kwa mara
spore	spore
sport	michezo
sporting	michezo
sports	michezo
sports car	gari la mashindano
sportsman	mchezaji wa michezo
sportsmanship	michezo ya michezo
sportswriter	mtunzi wa michezo
sporty	michezo
spot	doa
spotless	doa
spotlight	uangalizi
spotted	unaona
spotter	doa
spotty	doa
spousal	ndoa
spouse	mke
spout	spout
sprain	jitihada
sprawl	sprawl
spray	dawa
spread	kuenea
spreader	spreader
spree	fanya
spring	spring
springtime	springtime
sprinkle	toa
sprinkler	sprinkler
sprinkling	kunyunyiza
sprint	sprint
sprite	sprite
sprout	kuota
spruce	spruce
spud	spud
spunk	spunk
spunky	spunky
spur	ondoa
spurious	hasira
spurred	ilikuza
spurt	spurt
spy	kupeleleza
squabble	sungura
squad	kikosi
squadron	kikosi
squall	tamaa
squamous	squamous
squander	tamaa
square	mraba
squash	bawa
squat	jiti
squatter	janga
squaw	squaw
squawk	squawk
squeak	squeak
squeaky	kinyume
squeal	squeal
squealer	squealer
squeamish	squeamish
squeeze	itapunguza
squeezing	kufuta
squelch	jifungia
squid	squid
squint	kijiko
squire	piga
squirm	tamaa
squirrel	squirrel
squirt	squirt
squish	squish
squishy	squishy
stab	kupiga
stabbed	kupigwa
stability	utulivu
stabilize	utulivu
stabilizer	stabilizer
stable	imara
staccato	mshikamano
stack	stack
stadium	stadi
staff	wafanyakazi
stag	kamba
stage	hatua
stagecoach	kikapu
stagehand	stagehand
stagger	kusonga
staggering	kutisha
stagnant	mgumu
stagnation	vilio
staid	staid
stain	stain
stained	kuharibiwa
stainless	cha pua
stair	ngazi
staircase	staircase
stairs	ngazi
stairway	stairway
stairwell	stairwell
stake	mti
stakeout	kutekeleza
stale	stale
stalemate	uharibifu
stalk	kamba
stalker	tamaa
stall	duka
stallion	stallion
stalls	maduka
stalwart	mshindi
stamina	stamina
stamp	stamp
stampede	tamaa
stance	msimamo
stand	simama
standard	kiwango
standardize	sanidi
standardized	imara
standby	kusubiri
standing	msimamo
standoff	sawa
standpoint	mtazamo
standstill	kusimama
standup	simama
stanza	stanza
staph	staph
staple	kikuu
stapler	stapler
star	nyota
star fruit	matunda ya nyota
starboard	starboard
starch	wanga
stardom	ustadi
stardust	stardust
stare	tazama
starfish	starfish
stargazing	stargazing
staring	inaonekana
stark	tamaa
starlet	nyota
starlight	starlight
starling	nyota
starry	nyota
stars	nyota
starship	starhip
start	kuanza
starter	kuanza
startle	tanga
startled	imesababisha
startling	kushangaza
starvation	njaa
starve	njaa
starved	njaa
starving	njaa
stash	stash
stat	stat
state	hali
stately	stately
statement	kauli
stateroom	stateroom
stateside	stateide
statesman	mjumbe
static	static
staticky	NO TRANSLATION
statics	statics
station	kituo
stationary	imara
stationery	maandishi
statistic	takwimu
statistical	takwimu
statistician	takwimu
stator	stator
statuary	statuary
statue	sanamu
statuette	statuette
stature	stature
status	hali
statute	amri
statutory	kisheria
staunch	staunch
stave	piga
stay	kaa
stayaway	NO TRANSLATION
stayed	walikaa
stays	anakaa
stead	badala
steadfast	imara
steady	imara
steak	steak
steakhouse	steakhouse
steal	kuiba
stealing	kuiba
stealth	ujinga
stealthily	kwa uzinzi
stealthy	stealthy
steam	mvuke
steamboat	steamboat
steamer	steamer
steaming	kuvuja
steamroller	steamroller
steamship	uendeshaji
steamy	steamy
steel	chuma
steep	mwinuko
steeple	mwinuko
steer	Bad
steering	uendeshaji
stellar	stellar
stem	shina
stench	pua
stencil	stencil
stenographer	stenographer
step	hatua
stepdaughter	binti wa kambo
stepfather	baba wa baba
stepmother	mama wa mama
steppe	steppe
steps	hatua
stepson	mtoto wa kambo
stereo	stereo
stereoscopic	stereoscopic
stereotype	mfano
stereotyped	sio
sterile	haiwezi
sterility	uzito
sterilize	sterilize
sterling	sterling
stern	mkali
sternum	sternum
steroid	steroid
stethoscope	stethoscope
stew	kitovu
steward	msimamizi
stewardess	mtumishi
stewardship	uendeshaji
stfu	stfu
stick	fimbo
sticker	sticker
sticking	kushikamana
stickler	fanya
stickup	stickup
sticky	fimbo
stiff	ngumu
stiffen	shika
stiffness	ugumu
stifle	tamaa
stifled	imefungwa
stifling	kupiga
stigma	unyanyapaa
stile	NO TRANSLATION
stiletto	stiletto
stillbirth	kuzaliwa
stillborn	aliyezaliwa
stillness	utulivu
stillwaiting	NO TRANSLATION
stilts	stilts
stimulant	stimulant
stimulate	anzisha
stimulating	kuchochea
stimulation	kuchochea
stimulus	kichocheo
sting	kuumwa
stinger	tanga
stinging	kupiga
stingy	Mchoyo
stink	kunuka
stinker	stinker
stinking	kununulia
stinky	stinky
stint	stint
stipend	kujiunga
stipulate	onyesha
stipulation	maagizo
stir	koroga
stirring	kuchochea
stitch	kushona
stitching	kushona
stock	hisa
stockade	stockade
stockbroker	mkobaji wa hisa
stockholder	mmiliki
stocking	kuhifadhi
stockings	soksi
stockpile	kuhifadhi
stockroom	kuhifadhi
stocks	hifadhi
stoic	stoic
stole	aliiba
stolen	kuibiwa
stomach	tumbo
stomachache	stomachache
stomp	stomp
stomped	kupigwa
stone	jiwe
stoned	alipigwa mawe
stonewall	Ukuta wa mawe
stoneware	mawe
stony	stony
stooge	stooge
stool	kinyesi
stools	viti
stoop	kuacha
stoopid	stoopid
stop	kuacha
stopover	shika
stoppage	kuacha
stopper	stopper
stopping	kuacha
stopwatch	stopwatch
storage	kuhifadhi
store	kuhifadhi
storefront	maduka ya mbele
storehouse	ghala
storeroom	chumba cha kuhifadhi
storing	kuhifadhi
storm	dhoruba
storming	storming
stormy	dhoruba
story	hadithi
storybook	kitabu cha hadithi
storyteller	mwandishi wa habari
storytelling	hadithi
stound	stound
stout	stout
stove	jiko
stow	taa
stowaway	kuacha
straddle	shida
straight	sawa
straighten	kuondosha
straightforward	moja kwa moja
straightway	mara moja
strain	matatizo
strained	kuharibiwa
strait	shida
straitjacket	straitjacket
straits	shida
strand	strand
stranded	kupigwa
strange	ajabu
stranger	mgeni
strangle	tamaa
strangulation	uharibifu
strap	kamba
strapless	bila kupigwa
strapping	kupiga
strata	fata
strategic	mkakati
strategist	strategist
strategy	mkakati
stratification	stratification
stratosphere	stratosphere
stratum	kupiga
stratus	stratus
straw	majani
strawberry	strawberry
stray	kupotea
streak	streak
streaked	imeshuka
stream	mkondo
streamer	fungua
streaming	Streaming
streamline	onyesha
street	barabara
streetcar	gari la barabara
streetlight	barabara ya barabara
strength	nguvu
strengthen	imarisha
strengthening	kuimarisha
strenuous	vigumu
strep	mstari
stress	shida
stressed	alisisitiza
stresses	inasisitiza
stressfree	NO TRANSLATION
stressful	kusumbua
stressin	NO TRANSLATION
stressing	kusisitiza
stressrelief	NO TRANSLATION
stretch	kunyoosha
stretcher	kamba
stricken	alipigwa
strict	kali
stride	mkali
strife	mgongano
strike	mgomo
strikeout	mgomo
striker	mshambuliaji
striking	kuvutia
strikingly	kwa kushangaza
string	kamba
strings	masharti
stringy	stringy
strip	mstari
stripe	mstari
striped	mviringo
stripped	kupigwa
stripper	mshambuliaji
striptease	striptease
strive	jitahidi
strobe	strobe
stroke	kiharusi
stroll	stroll
stroller	stroller
strolling	kutembea
strong	nguvu
stronghold	ngome
strongly	kwa nguvu
structural	miundo
structure	muundo
strudel	strudel
struggle	mapambano
strut	panda
stub	stub
stubbed	kupigwa
stubble	majani
stubborn	mkaidi
stubbornness	mkaidi
stubby	kukwama
stucco	kamba
stuck	kukwama
stuckup	NO TRANSLATION
stud	stud
studded	kifuniko
student	mwanafunzi
studied	alisoma
studio	studio
study	kujifunza
stuff	vitu
stuffed animal	mnyama aliyepigwa
stuffing	kuingiza
stuffy	vyema
stumble	kuanguka
stump	shina
stumped	imeshuka
stun	stun
stunned	alishangaa
stunner	stunner
stunning	stunning
stunt	kupiga
stunted	imesimama
stuntman	mgeni
stupefaction	kustahimili
stupefy	tamaa
stupendous	wajinga
stupid	wajinga
stupidity	upumbavu
stupidpeople	NO TRANSLATION
stupidrain	NO TRANSLATION
stupor	tamaa
sturdy	imara
sturgeon	sturgeon
stutter	stutter
sty	seti
style	mtindo
styling	styling
stylish	maridadi
stylist	stylist
suave	suave
sub	ndogo
subatomic	subatomic
subcommittee	kamati ndogo
subconscious	subconscious
subcutaneous	subcutaneous
subdivide	saga
subdivision	ugawaji
subduction	subduction
subdue	kushinda
subdued	ilishindwa
subdural	subdural
subito	NO TRANSLATION
subject	somo
subjected	ilitiwa
subjection	kujitikia
subjective	mtazamo
subjugation	kutawala
sublet	sublet
sublevel	kupungua
sublimation	upungufu
sublime	heshima
subliminal	subliminal
submarine	manowari
submerge	kuzama
submerged	iliyojaa
submersible	submersible
submission	uwasilishaji
submissive	kuwasilisha
submit	tuma
submitting	kuwasilisha
subordinate	chini
subordination	upungufu
subplot	subplot
subpoena	subpoena
subscribe	kujiunga
subscriber	mteja
subscription	usajili
subsequence	mfululizo
subsequent	baadae
subsequently	hatimaye
subservient	unasaidia
subset	subset
subside	shika
subsidence	subsidence
subsidiary	tanzu
subsidize	ruzuku
subsidy	ruzuku
subsist	endelea
subsistence	ustawi
subsoil	subsoil
subspace	kiunga
substance	Dutu
substandard	kizingiti
substantial	kikubwa
substantially	kikubwa
substantiate	thibitisha
substantive	kipengele
substation	substation
substitute	mbadala
substituted	kubadilishwa
substitution	badala
substructure	uundaji
subterranean	subterranean
subtext	subtext
subtitle	kichwa
subtle	hila
subtlety	hila
subtract	Futa
subtraction	kuondoa
subtype	subtype
suburb	kitongoji
suburban	miji
suburbia	suburbia
suburbs	malisho
subversion	upungufu
subversive	kupinga
subvert	pindua
subway	barabara kuu
succeed	kufanikiwa
succeeding	kufanikiwa
success	mafanikio
successful	imefanikiwa
succession	mfululizo
successive	mfululizo
successor	mrithi
succinct	succinct
succubus	sucubus
succulent	mzuri
succumb	kushinda
suck	Suck
sucker	sucker
sucking	kunyonya
suckling	mchanga
sucks	inakuja
suction	kupendeza
sudden	ghafla
suddenly	ghafla
suds	sud
sue	sua
suede	suede
suffer	kuteseka
sufferer	mgonjwa
suffering	mateso
suffice	inatosha
sufficiency	kutosha
sufficient	kutosha
sufficiently	kwa kutosha
suffix	suala
suffocate	subira
suffocating	kutosha
suffocation	kutosha
sugar	sukari
suggest	inashauri
suggestion	maoni
suggestive	kupendeza
suicidal	kujiua
suicide	kujiua
suicidebombing	NO TRANSLATION
suit	suti
suitable	yanafaa
suitcase	suti
suite	Suite
suitor	mgeni
sulfate	sulfate
sulfur	sulfuri
sulk	sulk
sullen	tamaa
sully	sully
sulphur	sulfuri
sultan	sultan
sultry	sultry
sum	jumla
summarily	kwa kiasi kikubwa
summarize	muhtasari
summary	muhtasari
summation	ufupishaji
summer	majira ya joto
summerhouse	summerhouse
summertime	majira ya joto
summit	mkutano
summon	piga
summons	kuomba
sumo	sumo
sump	sump
sumptuous	mno
sun	jua
sunbeam	sunbeam
sunburn	kuungua kwa jua
sundae	sundae
sunday	jua
sundial	sundial
sundown	jua
sundry	sundry
sunflower	alizeti
sunglass	kioo
sunglasses	miwani ya miwani
sunk	imekwisha
sunken	jua
sunless	haipatikani
sunlight	jua
sunny	jua
sunrise	jua
sunroof	jua
sunscreen	jua la jua
sunset	jua
sunshine	jua
suntan	jua
sunup	jua
sup	sup
super	super
superannuation	superannuation
superb	superb
superficial	superficial
superfluous	superfluous
superhero	superhero
superhuman	superhuman
superimposed	imesimama
superintendent	msimamizi
superior	mkuu
superiority	ubora
superlative	superlative
superman	superman
supermarket	maduka makubwa
supermodel	supermodel
supernatant	supernatant
supernatural	isiyo ya kawaida
supernova	supernova
superposition	superposition
superpower	superpower
supersede	kushinda
superstar	nyota
superstition	ushirikina
superstitious	ushirikina
superstore	superstore
supervise	simamia
supervision	usimamizi
supervisor	msimamizi
supper	chakula cha jioni
suppertime	chakula cha jioni
supplant	kusambaza
supple	tamaa
supplement	kuongeza
supplemental	ziada
supplementary	ziada
supplication	maombi
supplier	muuzaji
supplies	vifaa
supply	usambazaji
support	msaada
supported	imesaidiwa
supporter	msaidizi
supporters	wafuasi
supporting	kusaidia
supportive	kuunga mkono
suppose	tuseme
supposed	walidhani
supposing	kudhani
supposition	dhana
suppress	kukandamiza
suppression	kukandamiza
supremacy	ukuu
supreme	mkuu
supremely	zaidi
surcharge	upasuaji
sure	hakika
surety	uhakikisho
surf	surf
surface	uso
surfboard	surfboard
surfer	surfer
surge	kuongezeka
surgeon	upasuaji
surgery	upasuaji
surgical	upasuaji
surly	surly
surmise	kupigia
surname	jina la jina
surpassing	kupita
surplus	ziada
surprise	mshangao
surprised	kushangaa
surprises	mshangao
surprising	ajabu
surprisingly	ajabu
surreal	surreal
surrender	kujisalimisha
surrendering	kujisalimisha
surrogate	upendeleo
surround	piga
surrounding	jirani
surroundings	mazingira
surveillance	ufuatiliaji
survey	utafiti
surveying	kupima
surveyor	mtazamaji
survival	kuishi
survive	kuishi
surviving	kuishi
survivor	mtumishi
susceptibility	kukubalika
susceptible	kuambukizwa
sushi	Sushi
suspect	mtuhumiwa
suspected	watuhumiwa
suspend	kusitisha
suspended	imesimamishwa
suspenders	suspenders
suspense	mashaka
suspension	kusimamishwa
suspicion	tuhuma
suspicions	tuhuma
suspicious	tuhuma
sustain	endelea
sustained	endelevu
sustenance	chakula
suture	suture
suv	suv
sux	NO TRANSLATION
swab	swabu
swag	madoido
swagger	piga
swallow	kumeza
swami	swami
swamp	swamp
swamped	imeingia
swampy	swampy
swan	Swan
swank	swank
swap	Badilisha
swarm	swarm
swarming	kupungua
swastika	swastika
swat	swat
sway	sway
swear	japo
swearing	kuapa
sweat	jasho
sweater	jasho
sweating	jasho
sweatshirt	sweatshirt
sweatshop	sweatshop
sweaty	sweaty
sweep	taya
sweeper	sweeper
sweeping	kuenea
sweet	tamu
sweeten	tamu
sweetened	tamu
sweetener	sweetener
sweetest	tamu
sweetheart	mpenzi
sweetie	sweetie
sweetness	uzuri
sweets	pipi
swell	tamaa
swelling	uvimbe
sweltering	kupungua
swerve	swerve
swift	mwepesi
swiftly	haraka
swig	swig
swill	swill
swim	kuogelea
swimmer	kuogelea
swimming	kuogelea
swimsuit	swimsuit
swindle	piga
swindler	mpangaji
swine	nguruwe
swing	swing
swinger	swinger
swinging	kugeuka
swipe	swipe
swirl	swirl
swish	swish
switch	kubadili
switchblade	kubadili
switchboard	switchboard
swivel	inaonekana
swollen	kuvimba
swoon	swoon
swoop	swoop
sword	upanga
swordfish	swordfish
swordplay	swordplay
swordsman	swordsman
sycamore	sycamore
syllable	silaha
syllabus	mtaala
symbiotic	usaidizi
symbol	ishara
symbolic	mfano
symbolically	mfano
symbolism	mfano
symbolize	ishara
symmetric	ulinganifu
symmetrical	ulinganifu
symmetry	ulinganifu
sympathetic	huruma
sympathize	huruma
sympathy	huruma
symphonic	sauti
symphony	symphony
symposium	kikao
symptom	dalili
symptomatic	dalili
synagogue	sinagogi
synapse	synapse
synaptic	synaptic
sync	kusawazisha
synchronize	onanisha
synchronous	synchronous
syncope	syncope
syndicate	muungano
syndrome	syndrome
synergistic	ushirikiano
synergy	synergy
synod	synod
synonym	sawa
synonymous	sawa
synopsis	kielelezo
synoptic	synoptic
syntax	syntax
synthesis	awali
synthesizer	synthesizer
synthetic	synthetic
syphilis	syphilis
syringe	sindano
syrup	syrup
system	mfumo
systematic	utaratibu
systematically	kwa utaratibu
t-shirt	t-shirt
tab	tab
tabasco	tabasco
tabby	tabby
tabernacle	hema
table	meza
tableau	NO TRANSLATION
tablecloth	kitambaa
tablespoon	kijiko
tablet	kibao
tableware	tableware
tabloid	tabloid
taboo	taboo
tabular	tabular
tabulate	tabulate
tabulation	tabulation
tachometer	tachometer
tacit	tacit
tack	tack
tackle	kukabiliana
tackled	imefungwa
tackling	kukabiliana
tacky	tacky
taco	taco
tact	ujasiri
tactful	ujasiri
tactic	mbinu
tactical	tactical
tactics	mbinu
tactile	tactile
tad	NO TRANSLATION
tadpole	tadpole
taffeta	taffeta
taffy	taffy
tag	tag
tail	mkia
tailed	tailed
tailgate	tailgate
tailings	tailings
taillight	taillight
tailor	taa
tailoring	kusambaza
tailpipe	mkia
taint	taint
take	kuchukua
takeoff	ondoka
takeout	kidokezo
takeover	kuchukua
taker	taker
talcum	Talcum
tale	hadithi
talent	talanta
talented	wenye vipaji
talisman	talisman
talk	majadiliano
talkative	kuongea
talker	msemaji
tall	mrefu
tallies	tallies
tallow	tallow
tally	tally
talon	taloni
talons	NO TRANSLATION
tambourine	ngoma
tame	NO TRANSLATION
tamer	tamer
taming	kupiga
tamper	tamper
tampon	tampon
tan	tani
tandem	tandem
tang	tang
tangent	tangent
tangerine	tangerine
tangible	inayoonekana
tangle	tangle
tangled	tangled
tango	tango
tank	tank
tank top	tank juu
tanker	tanker
tanned	tanned
tantalizing	tantalizing
tantamount	sawa
tantrum	tamaa
taoism	taoism
tap	bomba
tape	mkanda
tape measure	tape kipimo
taper	taper
tapering	kupiga
tapestry	tapestry
tapeworm	vidole
tapioca	tapioca
taps	bomba
tar	tar
tarantula	tarantula
tardiness	muda mrefu
tardy	tardy
target	lengo
targeted	walengwa
targeting	kulenga
tariff	ushuru
tarmac	silaha
tarnish	tarnish
tarot	tarot
tarp	NO TRANSLATION
tarry	tamaa
tart	tart
tartan	tartani
tartar	tartar
task	kazi
tassel	tassel
taste	ladha
tasteful	ladha
tasteless	haifai
tasting	kulainisha
tasty	kitamu
tat	tanga
tattler	tattler
tattletale	tamaa
tattoo	tattoo
taught	alifundishwa
taunt	kumtukana
taupe	taupe
taut	taut
tavern	tavern
tawdry	tawdry
tawny	tawny
tax	Kodi
taxed	zilizopakiwa
taxi	teksi
taxicab	teksi
taxonomy	utawala
taxpayer	walipa kodi
tea	chai
teach	kufundisha
teacher	mwalimu
teaching	kufundisha
teacup	teacup
teahouse	chai
teal	teal
team	timu
teamjesus	NO TRANSLATION
teammate	wenzake
teamwork	kazi ya timu
teapot	teapot
tear	tamaa
tearful	machozi
tearsofjoy	NO TRANSLATION
teary	teary
tease	tease
teaser	teaser
teasing	kupiga
teaspoon	kijiko
teat	teat
teatime	teatime
tech	tech
technical	kiufundi
technicality	kiufundi
technician	fundi
technique	mbinu
techno	techno
technological	teknolojia
technology	teknolojia
ted	ted
teddy bear	teddy bear
tedious	kuvutia
tedium	tedium
tee	tee
teeming	kupungua
teen	kijana
teenage	vijana
teenager	kijana
teens	vijana
teensy	vijana
teeny	teeny
teeth	meno
teething	mvuto
teflon	teflon
telegram	telegram
telegraph	telegraph
telekinesis	telekinesis
telemetry	telemetry
telepathic	telepathic
telepathy	telepathy
telephone	simu
telescope	darubini
telescopic	telescopic
telethon	telethon
teletype	teletype
televised	televisheni
television	televisheni
tell	sema
teller	mwambiaji
telling	kuwaambia
telltale	kusema
temp	temp
temper	hasira
tempera	tempera
temperament	temperament
temperamental	hasira
temperance	ujasiri
temperate	hasira
temperature	joto
tempered	hasira
tempest	msimu
template	template
temple	hekalu
tempo	NO TRANSLATION
temporal	muda
temporarily	kwa muda
temporary	muda mfupi
tempt	jaribu
temptation	majaribu
tempting	kujaribu
temptress	mshambuliaji
ten	kumi
tenable	inawezekana
tenacious	wanastahili
tenacity	ujasiri
tenancy	ustawi
tenant	mpangaji
tend	tamaa
tendency	tabia
tender	zabuni
tenderfoot	zabuni
tenderness	huruma
tending	kutetea
tendon	tendon
tenement	tenement
tenet	tenet
tenets	vitendo
tenfold	mara kumi
tennis	tennis
tenor	tamaa
tense	wakati
tensile	tamaa
tension	mvutano
tent	hema
tentacle	kambi
tentative	tamaa
tenth	kumi
tenths	ya kumi
tenuous	tenuous
tenure	umiliki
tepee	tepee
tepid	tepid
tequila	tequila
teriyaki	teriyaki
term	muda
terminal	terminal
terminate	kusitisha
termination	kukomesha
terminator	terminator
terminology	taaluma
terminus	terminus
termite	muda mrefu
terms	maneno
tern	tern
ternary	ternary
terrace	mtaro
terrain	ardhi ya eneo
terrestrial	duniani
terrible	mbaya
terribly	sana
terrier	terrier
terrific	kali
terrified	hofu
terrifies	inatisha
terrify	hofu
terrifying	kutisha
territorial	eneo
territory	eneo
terror	hofu
terrorism	ugaidi
terrorist	kigaidi
terrorists	magaidi
terrorize	kutisha
terse	tamaa
tertiary	ya juu
test	mtihani
testament	agano
testicle	kitambulisho
testicular	ushahidi
testify	kushuhudia
testimonial	ushuhuda
testimony	ushuhuda
testosterone	testosterone
testy	NO TRANSLATION
tetanus	tetanasi
tether	tether
tethered	hutumiwa
tetrahedral	tetrahedral
text	maandishi
textbook	Kitabu cha maandishi
textile	nguo
textural	maandishi
texture	texture
tgif	tgif
thank	asante
thankful	shukrani
thankgod	Asante Mungu
thanking	kushukuru
thankless	bila shukrani
thanks	shukrani
thanksalot	NO TRANSLATION
thanksgiving	Shukrani
thankyougod	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoujesus	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoulord	NO TRANSLATION
thatch	tochi
thatmoment	NO TRANSLATION
thaumaturgy	thaumaturgy
thaw	tamaa
theater	sinema
theatrical	maonyesho
theatrics	maonyesho
thebest	Bora
theft	wizi
theism	theism
theistic	theistic
thelife	thelife
thelittlethings	NO TRANSLATION
theme	mandhari
theocracy	theocracy
theocratic	kitheokrasi
theologian	mtaalamu
theological	teolojia
theology	Theolojia
theorem	theorem
theoretical	kinadharia
theory	nadharia
therapeutic	matibabu
therapeutics	matibabu
therapist	mtaalamu
therapy	tiba
thereabouts	huko
thereof	yake
therewith	na hayo
thermal	joto
thermocouple	thermocouple
thermodynamics	thermodynamics
thermometer	thermometer
thermos	thermos
thermostat	thermostat
thesaurus	thesaurus
thesis	thesis
thick	nene
thicken	piga
thickening	kuenea
thicket	mfupa
thickness	unene
thief	mwizi
thigh	pua
thimble	thimble
thin	nyembamba
thing	kitu
things	vitu
thingy	kitu
think	fikiria
thinker	mtaalamu
thinking	kufikiri
third	cha tatu
thirds	theluthi
thirst	kiu
thirsty	kiu
thirteen	kumi na tatu
thirteenth	kumi na tatu
thirty	thelathini
thistle	shaba
thither	huko
thong	thong
thorn	mwiba
thorny	miiba
thorough	vizuri
thoroughbred	kabisa
thoroughfare	thoroughfare
thought	mawazo
thoughtful	kuzingatia
thoughtfulness	kufikiri
thoughtless	wasio na mawazo
thoughts	mawazo
thousand	elfu
thrash	tamaa
thread	thread
threat	tishio
threaten	tishia
threatened	kutishiwa
threatening	kutishia
three	tatu
threefold	mara tatu
threesome	tamaa
thresh	fanya
threshold	kizingiti
thrice	tatu
thrift	tamaa
thrifty	tamaa
thrill	furaha
thrilled	furaha
thriller	kusisimua
thrilling	kusisimua
thrive	kustawi
thriving	kustawi
throat	koo
throb	koa
throbbing	kupiga
throes	koo
throne	kiti cha enzi
throng	umati
throttle	pigo
throw	kutupa
throwback	kutupa
thrower	thrower
thrown	kutupwa
thrush	thrush
thrust	fanya
thruster	thruster
thud	thud
thug	mhuni
thumb	kidole
thumbprint	thumbprint
thump	thump
thumper	thumper
thumping	kupiga
thunder	ngurumo
thunderbolt	umeme
thunderclap	sauti
thundering	umeme
thunderstorm	mvua
thunderstruck	radi
thwart	tamaa
thx	Asante
thyme	thyme
thyroid	tezi
tiara	tiara
tibia	tibia
tic	tic
tick	Jiza
ticked	ticked
ticker	ticker
ticket	tiketi
tickle	tamaa
tickled	kukumbwa
ticklish	ticklish
tidal	tidal
tidal wave	mawimbi ya bahari
tidbit	tidbit
tide	wimbi
tidings	habari
tidy	tidy
tie	tamaa
tier	tier
tiff	tiff
tiger	tiger
tighten	kaza
tightness	tightness
tightrope	tightrope
tights	tights
tilde	tilde
tile	tile
tiling	kupiga
till	NO TRANSLATION
tillage	kupitisha
tiller	tiller
tilt	tilt
tilting	kuchochea
timber	mbao
timberland	timberland
timbre	timbre
time	wakati
timeless	bila wakati
timeliness	ufanisi
timely	wakati
timeout	muda umeisha
timepiece	kipande cha muda
timer	timer
times	nyakati
timetable	ratiba
timewasters	NO TRANSLATION
timid	wasiwasi
timidity	aibu
timing	muda
tin	NO TRANSLATION
tincture	tincture
tine	NO TRANSLATION
tinfoil	takfoil
tinge	tinge
tingle	tundu
tingling	kusonga
tinker	tinker
tinkering	kuchochea
tinkle	NO TRANSLATION
tinkling	kupiga
tinnitus	tinnitus
tinsel	batili
tint	tint
tiny	vidogo
tip	ncha
tipper	tipper
tipster	tipster
tipsy	tipsy
tiptoe	tiptoe
tirade	tirade
tire	tairi
tired	amechoka
tiredness	uchovu
tiredofit	NO TRANSLATION
tireless	bila kujali
tiresome	tete
tiring	Kuchosha
tissue	tishu
tistheseason	NO TRANSLATION
tit	t
titan	titan
titanic	titanic
titanium	titani
tithe	ya kumi
title	cheo
titled	yenye jina
titty	titty
titular	NO TRANSLATION
toad	kitambaa
toast	toast
toaster	toaster
toasty	toasty
tobacco	tumbaku
toby	toby
tod	tod
today	leo
toddler	mtoto mdogo
toe	toe
toenail	toenail
toffee	toffee
tofu	tofu
toga	NO TRANSLATION
together	pamoja
togetherness	ushirikiano
toil	kazi
toilet	choo
toils	misumari
token	ishara
tolerable	kustahiki
tolerance	uvumilivu
tolerant	kuvumilia
tolerate	kuvumilia
toleration	uvumilivu
toll	toll
tomahawk	tomahawk
tomato	nyanya
tomatoes	nyanya
tomb	kaburi
tombstone	jiwe la kaburi
tomcat	tomcat
tome	kwangu
tomorrow	kesho
ton	NO TRANSLATION
tone	toni
toner	toner
tong	NO TRANSLATION
tongs	viboko
tongue	ulimi
tonic	tonic
tonnage	tonnage
tonsils	tonsils
toocold	NO TRANSLATION
tool	chombo
toolbox	chombo cha zana
tooling	zana
toomuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
toot	toot
tooth	jino
toothache	maumivu ya meno
toothbrush	shayiri ya meno
toothed	toothed
toothless	wasio na hatia
toothpaste	dawa ya meno
toothpick	toothpick
toots	toots
top	juu
topaz	Topazi
topic	mada
topical	topical
topless	bila juu
topographic	topographic
topographical	kijiografia
topography	uharibifu wa ramani
topple	toa
topside	juu
tor	tor
torch	tochi
torment	mateso
tormented	kuteswa
torn	kupasuka
tornado	kimbunga
torpedo	torpedo
torque	wakati
torrent	torrent
torrid	torrid
torsion	torsion
torso	torso
tort	tort
tortious	mateso
tortoise	kamba
tortuous	mateso
torture	mateso
tortured	kuteswa
toss	toa
tot	NO TRANSLATION
total	jumla
totality	jumla
totally	kabisa
tote	tote
totem	totem
touch	kugusa
touchdown	touchdown
touched	kuguswa
touching	kugusa
touchy	kugusa
tough	ngumu
toughen	ngumu
toughness	ugumu
toupee	toupee
tour	ziara
tourism	utalii
tourist	utalii
tourmaline	tourmaline
tournament	mashindano
tourniquet	tourniquet
tout	NO TRANSLATION
tow	tow
towel	kitambaa
tower	mnara
towering	kubwa
town	mji
townhouse	townhouse
township	mji
townspeople	watu wa mji
toxic	sumu
toxicity	sumu
toxicology	toxicology
toxin	sumu
toy	toy
toymaker	toymaker
trace	tazama
traceable	traceable
tracer	mchezaji
traces	athari
trachea	trachea
tracing	kufuatilia
track	kufuatilia
tracker	tracker
tract	njia
tractable	yenyewe
traction	traction
tractor	trekta
trade	biashara
trademark	alama ya biashara
trader	mfanyabiashara
tradesman	mfanyabiashara
trading	Biashara
tradition	mila
traditional	jadi
traffic	trafiki
traffic light	taa ya trafiki
trafficking	biashara
tragedies	majanga
tragedy	janga
tragic	jambo baya
trail	uchaguzi
trailer	trailer
train	treni
train set	kuweka mafunzo
trained	wamefundishwa
trainee	mwanafunzi
trainer	mkufunzi
training	mafunzo
trait	tabia
traitor	msaliti
traitorous	wahalifu
trajectory	trajectory
tram	tram
tramp	tamaa
trample	kuponda
trampoline	trampoline
tramway	tramway
trance	trance
tranquil	utulivu
tranquility	utulivu
tranquilizer	tranquilizer
transact	tumia
transaction	shughuli
transatlantic	transatlantic
transceiver	transceiver
transcend	kupitisha
transcendence	uhaba
transcendent	zaidi
transcendental	transcendental
transcribe	kuandika
transcriber	transcriber
transcript	nakala
transcription	transcription
transfer	uhamisho
transference	uhamisho
transferred	kuhamishwa
transfixed	imetafsiriwa
transform	kubadilisha
transformation	mabadiliko
transformer	transformer
transfusion	uhamisho
transgression	makosa
transient	muda mfupi
transistor	transistor
transit	usafiri
transition	mpito
transitional	mpito
transitive	transitive
transitory	transitory
translate	kutafsiri
translation	tafsiri
translator	mtatafsiri
translocation	uhamisho
translucent	translucent
transmission	maambukizi
transmit	tuma
transmitter	transmitter
transmutation	transmutation
transom	transom
transparency	uwazi
transparent	uwazi
transplant	kupandikiza
transplantation	kupandikiza
transponder	transponder
transport	usafiri
transportation	usafiri
transporter	muuzaji
transpose	transpose
transposition	usambazaji
transsexual	transsexual
transverse	transverse
transvestite	transvestite
trap	mtego
trapdoor	trapdoor
trapeze	kikapu
trapped	imefungwa
trapper	mshambuliaji
trapping	kuteka
trappings	mizigo
traps	mitego
trash	takataka
trashy	trashy
trauma	maumivu
traumatic	mshtuko
travail	NO TRANSLATION
travel	kusafiri
traveler	msafiri
traveling	Safiri
traverse	kuvuka
travesty	uvunjaji
trawl	trawl
trawler	trawler
tray	tray
treacherous	waaminifu
treachery	uongo
tread	tembea
treadmill	treadmill
treason	upatanisho
treasure	hazina
treasured	hazina
treasurer	mweka hazina
treasures	hazina
treasury	hazina
treat	kutibu
treatable	yanaweza kuambukizwa
treatise	kutimiza
treatment	matibabu
treaty	mkataba
treble	treble
tree	mti
trees	miti
trek	safari
trellis	trellis
tremble	tetetemeka
trembling	kutetemeka
tremendous	kubwa
tremendously	kwa kiasi kikubwa
tremor	tetemeko
trench	mtaro
trend	mwenendo
trending	inaendelea
trendy	trendy
trepidation	hofu
trespass	kosa
triad	triad
triage	triage
trial	jaribio
triangle	pembetatu
triangular	triangular
triangulate	triangulate
triathlon	triathlon
tribal	kikabila
tribe	kabila
tribulation	dhiki
tribunal	mahakama
tribune	jeshi
tributary	tributary
tribute	kodi
trick	hila
trickery	udanganyifu
trickle	piga
trickster	mchezaji
tricky	tricky
tricycle	tricycle
trident	trident
trifle	piga
trifling	kupiga
trig	trig
trigger	trigger
trigonometry	trigonometry
trillion	trilioni
trilogy	trilogy
trim	trim
trimester	trimester
trimmer	kuchemsha
trimming	kupiga
trine	tamaa
trinity	utatu
trinket	shida
trio	trio
trip	safari
tripartite	tatu
tripe	tripe
triple	mara tatu
triplet	triplet
triplicate	safari
tripod	safari
tripping	kupungua
trite	tamaa
tritium	tritium
triumph	ushindi
triumphant	ushindi
trivia	trivia
trivial	si ndogo
troll	tanga
trolley	kitoroli
trombone	trombone
troop	askari
trooper	mshambuliaji
troops	askari
trophy	nyara
tropic	kitropiki
tropical	kitropiki
tropics	kitropiki
trot	trot
trouble	shida
troubled	wasiwasi
troublemaker	shida
troubles	matatizo
troublesome	shida
trough	shamba
troupe	kundi
trousers	suruali
trout	shimo
trowel	toni
truce	truce
truck	lori
trucker	trucker
truckload	truckload
truculent	tamaa
true	Kweli
truelove	upendo wa kweli
truffle	truffle
truism	truism
trump	tarumbeta
trumpet	tarumbeta
trumpeter	tarumbeta
truncate	truncate
truncated	truncated
trundle	shika
trunk	shina
truss	tamaa
trust	tumaini
trustee	mdhamini
trusting	kuamini
trustworthy	kuaminika
trusty	uaminifu
truth	ukweli
truthful	kweli
truthfulness	ukweli
try	jaribu
tryout	jaribu
tryouts	majaribio
tsunami	tsunami
tub	tub
tuba	tuba
tubby	tubby
tube	tube
tuberculosis	kifua kikuu
tubing	tubing
tubular	tubular
tubule	tubula
tuck	tuck
tucker	tucker
tuesday	Jumanne
tufted	tufted
tug	tug
tugboat	tugboat
tuition	mafunzo
tulip	tulia
tumble	tumble
tumbler	NO TRANSLATION
tumbleweed	machafu
tummy	tummy
tumor	tumor
tumour	tumor
tumult	msukosuko
tumultuous	kutisha
tun	NO TRANSLATION
tuna	tuna
tunable	tunable
tune	tune
tunic	kanzu
tuning	tuning
tunnel	tunnel
turban	nguruwe
turbidity	ugonjwa
turbine	turbine
turbo	turbo
turbulence	turbulence
turbulent	shida
turd	turd
turf	turf
turkey	Uturuki
turmeric	mto
turmoil	shida
turn	kugeuka
turnaround	geuka
turned	akageuka
turning	kugeuka
turnip	turnip
turnkey	turnkey
turnoff	NO TRANSLATION
turnout	kurudi
turnover	mauzo
turnpike	turnpike
turntable	turntable
turpentine	turpentine
turquoise	turquoise
turret	turret
turtle	turtle
turtleneck	turtleneck
tussle	tussle
tutelage	kutetea
tutor	mwalimu
tutoring	tutoring
tutu	tutu
tux	tux
tuxedo	tuxedo
tv	tv
twain	wawili
twat	jasho
twats	pamba
tweak	tweak
tweed	tweed
tweet	tweet
tweezers	vifungo
twelfth	kumi na mbili
twelve	kumi na mbili
twentieth	ishirini
twenty	ishirini
twerp	twerp
twig	jani
twilight	jioni
twill	twill
twin	mapacha
twine	twine
twinge	twinge
twinkle	tinkle
twins	mapacha
twirl	twirl
twist	kupotoa
twisted	inaendelea
twister	twister
twit	twit
twitch	kupiga
twitching	kupiga
twitchy	twitchy
two	mbili
two step	hatua mbili
twofaced	NO TRANSLATION
twofold	mbili
twosome	mbilisome
tycoon	tycoon
tyke	tyke
type	aina
typewriter	uchapishaji
typhoid	typhoid
typhoon	dhoruba
typical	kawaida
typically	kawaida
typist	kawaida
typo	typo
typography	uchapaji
tyrannical	tyrannical
tyranny	udhalimu
tyrant	mshambuliaji
tyre	tairi
ubiquitous	ustahiki
ubiquity	ubiquity
ugliness	uovu
ugly	mbaya
uhoh	NO TRANSLATION
ukulele	Ukulele
ulcer	kidonda
ulterior	ulterior
ultimate	mwisho
ultimately	hatimaye
ultimatum	mwisho
ultimo	NO TRANSLATION
ultrasound	ultrasound
ultraviolet	ultraviolet
umbilical	umbilical
umbra	umbra
umbrella	mwavuli
umpire	mwimbaji
umpteen	umpteen
unabashed	unabashed
unabated	haifai
unable	hawezi
unacceptable	haikubaliki
unaccompanied	haijaambatana
unaccountable	haipatikani
unaccounted	haijatikani
unacknowledged	haijulikani
unadulterated	haipatikani
unaffected	haitumiki
unafraid	usiogope
unaided	hauna mkono
unaltered	haijatengenezwa
unambiguous	haijulikani
unanimity	unanimity
unanimous	unanimous
unanimously	kwa umoja
unannounced	haijatambuliwa
unanswered	haijajibiwa
unanticipated	bila kutarajiwa
unappreciated	haijathamini
unapproved	haikubaliki
unarmed	bila silaha
unassisted	haukubali
unassuming	kustahili
unattached	unattached
unattainable	haipatikani
unattended	unattended
unattractive	haifai
unauthorized	halali
unavailable	haipatikani
unavoidable	haiwezekani
unaware	haijui
unbalanced	unbalanced
unbearable	hawezi kusamehe
unbeatable	haiwezekani
unbeaten	unbeaten
unbecoming	isiyokubalika
unbelief	kutoamini
unbelievable	haiwezekani
unbiased	unbiased
unborn	hajazaliwa
unbound	haifai
unbounded	isiyo na msingi
unbreakable	haiwezi kuvunjika
unbridled	haijatilishwa
unbroken	haijavunjika
unbutton	unbutton
uncalled	haijapigwa
uncanny	sio
uncaring	bila kujali
uncensured	NO TRANSLATION
uncertain	uhakika
uncertainty	kutokuwa na uhakika
unchallenged	unchallenged
unchangeable	haibadiliki
unchanged	haibadilika
uncharted	haijatambulika
uncherished	NO TRANSLATION
uncivilized	haijulikani
unclaimed	haijatakiwa
uncle	mjomba
unclean	sijisi
unclear	haijulikani
uncomfortable	wasiwasi
uncommon	kawaida
uncommonly	kawaida
uncomplicated	si rahisi
uncompromising	bila kujitegemea
unconcerned	wasiwasi
unconditional	bila masharti
unconfirmed	haijathibitishwa
unconnected	haijaunganishwa
unconscionable	bila shaka
unconscious	fahamu
unconsciousness	upungufu
unconstitutional	kinyume cha katiba
unconstrained	unconstrained
uncontested	haipatikani
uncontrollable	bila kudhibiti
uncontrolled	bila kudhibitiwa
unconventional	unconventional
unconvinced	haujaaminika
unconvincing	kutokuwa na nguvu
uncooked	haipatikani
uncooperative	ushirikiano
uncorrelated	haipatikani
uncouth	sio
uncover	kufunua
uncritical	bila usahihi
uncut	sio
undead	usifute
undecided	haifai
undefeated	haifai
undefined	haijulikani
undeniable	isiyoweza kutokubalika
underage	chini
underbelly	chini
undercover	kugundua
undercurrent	undercurrent
underdog	underdog
underestimate	usipendeze
undergo	fanya
undergraduate	shahada ya kwanza
underground	chini ya ardhi
underhanded	kimwili
underlay	kufunika
underlie	kuzingatia
underline	tangaza
underlying	msingi
undermine	kudhoofisha
undermined	kuharibiwa
underneath	chini
underpaid	kulipwa
underpants	vijiti
underprivileged	wasio na ustawi
underrated	dharauliwa
underscore	kusisitiza
undersea	undersea
undersecretary	undersecretary
undersized	chini
understaffed	wasiostahili
understand	kuelewa
understandable	inaeleweka
understanding	uelewa
understatement	upungufu
understood	kueleweka
understudy	upuuzi
undertake	kufanya
undertaker	mfanyakazi
undertaking	kufanya
undertow	fanya
underwear	chupi
underwood	underwood
underworld	wazimu
underwrite	huandika
underwriter	mtunzi
undeserved	zisizostahiki
undesirable	haipendi
undesired	halali
undetectable	haionekani
undetected	haijatambulika
undetermined	haijatambuliwa
undeveloped	sio maendeleo
undignified	haijatibiwa
undirected	bila kujengwa
undisclosed	haijafichuliwa
undiscovered	haijulikani
undisputed	haijasiki
undisturbed	bila kufutwa
undivided	haijulikani
undo	Futa
undoing	kufuta
undoubted	bila shaka
undress	futa
undressed	imefungwa
undue	siofaa
undying	bila kujifanya
unearned	haijatambulika
unearth	unarth
uneasiness	unasiness
uneasy	unasy
uneducated	hajasoma
unemployed	wasio na kazi
unemployment	ukosefu wa ajira
unencumbered	haijulikani
unending	haiwezi
unequal	usawa
unequalled	si sawa
unequivocal	bila usahihi
unequivocally	bila usahihi
unethical	unethical
uneven	kutofautiana
uneventful	haijui
unexpected	zisizotarajiwa
unexpectedly	bila kutarajia
unexplainable	bila kueleweka
unexplained	isiyoelezwa
unexplored	bila kujulikana
unfailing	hakika
unfair	haki
unfairness	haki
unfaithful	wasioamini
unfamiliar	haijulikani
unfavorable	halali
unfeeling	unfeeling
unfettered	isiyofunguliwa
unfinished	haifai
unfit	haifai
unflinching	unflinching
unfold	kufunua
unfollow	usifute
unforeseen	zisizotarajiwa
unforgettable	si rahisi
unforgivable	kusamehewa
unforgiving	kusamehe
unfortunate	bahati mbaya
unfortunately	kwa bahati mbaya
unfounded	bila msingi
unfreeze	fungua
unfriendly	si rafiki
unfulfilled	kutojazwa
unfurnished	haifai
unglued	haifai
ungodly	wasiomcha Mungu
ungrateful	hakuthamini
unguarded	haijalindwa
unhand	NO TRANSLATION
unhappiness	furaha
unhappy	furaha
unharmed	halali
unhealthy	mbaya
unheard	usikilize
unhelpful	hafai
unhindered	haikubaliki
unholy	wasio na hatia
unhook	unhook
unicorn	nyati
unidentified	haijulikani
unification	umoja
unified	umoja
uniform	sare
uniformed	sare
uniformity	sare
uniformly	sare
unimaginable	haufikiri
unimpeachable	haiwezekani
unimpeached	unimpeached
unimportant	si muhimu
unimpressed	haujafadhaika
unimproved	haikubaliki
uninfected	haujatambuliwa
uninformed	haijulikani
uninhabited	hauwezi kuishi
uninitiated	uninitiated
uninspired	haijahamishwa
unintelligible	haijulikani
unintended	bila kutarajiwa
unintentional	bila kujifanya
unintentionally	bila ya kujifanya
uninterested	wasiwasi
uninteresting	uninteresting
uninterrupted	bila kuingiliwa
uninvited	haijulikani
union	muungano
unique	kipekee
unisex	unisex
unison	kuungana
unit	kitengo
unitary	umoja
unite	Unganisha
united	umoja
unity	umoja
universal	zima
universality	ulimwengu wote
universe	ulimwengu
university	chuo kikuu
unjust	haki
unjustifiable	haijulikani
unjustified	halali
unkind	hasira
unknowable	haijulikani
unknown	haijulikani
unlawful	kinyume cha sheria
unleash	unleash
unlicensed	halali
unlike	tofauti
unlikely	uwezekano
unlimited	bila ukomo
unlisted	haijatambulishwa
unload	Fungua
unloaded	kupakuliwa
unlock	kufungua
unlucky	unlucky
unmanageable	haiwezekani
unmanned	unmanned
unmarked	haijulikani
unmarried	wasiooa
unmask	unmask
unmatched	haifai
unmistakable	haiwezekani
unmitigated	unmitigated
unmoved	unmoved
unnamed	bila jina
unnatural	isiyo ya kawaida
unnecessary	haifai
unneeded	bila kufunguliwa
unnoticed	haijulikani
unnumbered	haijatambulika
unobserved	unobserved
unobstructed	imefungwa
unobtrusive	unobtrusive
unoccupied	wasiwasi
unofficial	isiyo rasmi
unopened	haifunguliwa
unopposed	haitoshi
unordered	haijatibiwa
unorganised	haijaundwa
unorganized	haijaundwa
unorthodox	unorthodox
unpack	Futa
unpaid	bila malipo
unparalleled	isiyo sawa
unpleasant	haifai
unpleasantness	unpleasantness
unplug	Futa
unplugged	haijatibiwa
unpopular	haipendi
unprecedented	isiyokuwa ya kawaida
unpredictable	haitabiriki
unprepared	hawajajiandaa
unpretentious	bila kujali
unproductive	bila kuzaa
unprofessional	unprofessional
unprofitable	hauna faida
unprotected	bila kuzuia
unproven	unproven
unprovoked	haukuzuiliwa
unpublished	isiyochapishwa
unpunished	haadhibiwa
unqualified	haifai
unquestionable	bila shaka
unquestionably	bila shaka
unquestioned	bila shaka
unquote	unquote
unravel	unravel
unreachable	isiyoweza kutokea
unread	haijasomwa
unreal	isiyo ya kweli
unrealistic	haiwezekani
unreasonable	haina maana
unrecorded	haikubaliki
unregistered	haijasajiliwa
unregulated	bila sheria
unrelated	haihusiani
unrelenting	haiwezi
unreliable	haaminiki
unremarkable	unremarkable
unrepentant	asiye na toba
unrequited	haijatikani
unresolved	haijatatuliwa
unresponsive	haikubaliki
unrest	machafuko
unrestrained	bila kuzuia
unrestricted	haizuiliki
unromantic	unromantic
unruly	bila malipo
unsafe	salama
unsanitary	bila usafi
unsatisfactory	haifai
unsatisfied	haifai
unsavory	uovu
unscathed	haijatambulika
unscheduled	haijapigwa
unscientific	kisayansi
unscrew	Fungua
unscrupulous	hawajui
unseat	onyesha
unseen	haijulikani
unselfish	bila kujitegemea
unsettled	imetuliwa
unsightly	unsightly
unsolicited	haijaombwa
unsolved	haijatibiwa
unsophisticated	kisasa
unsound	haijulikani
unspeakable	haiwezekani
unspecified	haijulikani
unspoken	si wazi
unstable	imara
unsteady	sio thabiti
unstoppable	haiwezekani
unsuccessful	haukufanikiwa
unsuitable	haifai
unsung	hawawezi
unsupervised	haijahifadhiwa
unsupported	haitumiki
unsure	hakika
unsurpassed	haijapigwa
unsuspecting	bila kutazama
unsustainable	haiwezi kudumishwa
unsweetened	isiyofunguliwa
unsympathetic	wasiwasi
untamed	haijatambuliwa
untenable	haiwezi kuzingatiwa
untested	haijatambuliwa
unthinkable	haiwezekani
untidy	untidy
untie	Fungua
untimely	bila wakati
untitled	bila jina
untold	haijulikani
untouchable	haiwezi kufutwa
untouched	haijatibiwa
untoward	usipotee
untraceable	haiwezi kupendekezwa
untrained	bila kujifunza
untranslated	haijahamishwa
untroubled	haijatikani
untrue	sio kweli
untrustworthy	wasioaminika
unturned	haijafunguliwa
unused	haitumiwa
unusual	isiyo ya kawaida
unusually	isiyo ya kawaida
unutterable	haiwezi kuambukizwa
unveil	kufunua
unveiling	kufunua
unverified	haijathibitishwa
unwanted	zisizohitajika
unwarranted	halali
unwary	haijulikani
unwashed	kusambazwa
unwavering	inakabiliwa
unwed	unwed
unwelcome	haikubaliki
unwell	usiweke
unwilling	hawataki
unwillingly	bila kujali
unwillingness	kutamani
unwind	unwind
unwise	sio busara
unwitting	bila kujua
unwittingly	bila kujua
unworthy	hastahili
unwrap	unwrap
unwritten	isiyoandikwa
unyielding	bila kujali
unzip	unzip
upbeat	upbeat
upbringing	kuzaliwa
upcoming	ujao
update	sasisha
upgrade	kuboresha
upheaval	upheaval
uphill	kupanda
uphold	kushikilia
upholstery	upholstery
upkeep	upkeep
upland	upland
uplands	uplands
uplift	kuinua
uplifting	kukuza
uplink	uplink
upload	upload
upper	juu
uppercut	uppercut
uppity	uppity
upright	sawa
uprising	upigano
uproar	ghasia
upscale	upscale
upset	kasirika
upshot	upshot
upstairs	ghorofa
upstanding	upendeleo
upstart	upstart
uptight	uptight
upward	juu
upwards	juu
uranium	uranium
urban	mijini
urchin	urini
urge	kuomba
urgency	uharaka
urgent	haraka
urinal	urinal
urinalysis	urinalysis
urinate	kurisha
urination	urination
urine	mkojo
urn	urn
usable	hutumiwa
usage	matumizi
use	kutumia
used	kutumika
useful	muhimu
usefully	kwa ufanisi
usefulness	manufaa
useless	haina maana
user	mtumiaji
usher	tumia
usual	kawaida
usurp	usurp
usurped	imetumiwa
usury	ushuru
utensil	vifaa
uterus	uterasi
utilitarian	matumizi ya usaidizi
utility	matumizi
utilization	matumizi
utilize	kutumia
utmost	mkubwa
utopian	watu wa nje
utter	kusema
utterance	kusema
utterly	kabisa
vacancy	nafasi
vacant	wazi
vacate	kuruka
vacation	likizo
vaccination	chanjo
vaccine	chanjo
vacuolar	kupungua
vacuole	vacuole
vacuous	inaacha
vacuum	utupu
vagabond	tamaa
vagina	uke
vaginal	uke
vagrancy	vagrancy
vagrant	kuenea
vague	wazi
vagueness	uchafu
vainly	bure
valance	kibali
vale	mashua
valedictorian	valedictorian
valentine	valentine
valet	valet
valiant	mwenye ujasiri
valid	halali
validate	kuhalalisha
validation	uthibitishaji
validity	uhalali
valium	valiki
valley	bonde
valor	NO TRANSLATION
valuable	thamani
valuables	thamani
valuation	hesabu
value	thamani
valve	valve
vamoose	NO TRANSLATION
vamp	vamp
vampire	vampire
van	NO TRANSLATION
vandal	vandal
vandalism	uharibifu
vane	wana
vanguard	mkaidi
vanilla	vanilla
vanish	kutoweka
vanished	ilipotea
vanishing	kutoweka
vanity	ubatili
vanquish	kushinda
vanquished	alishinda
vanquishing	kushinda
vantage	vantage
vapor	mvuke
vara	NO TRANSLATION
variable	kutofautiana
variance	tofauti
variation	tofauti
variations	tofauti
varicella	varicella
varicose	varicose
varied	tofauti
variegated	variegated
variety	tofauti
various	mbalimbali
varmint	varmint
varnish	varnish
varsity	varsity
vary	tofauti
varying	tofauti
vascular	vascular
vase	vase
vasectomy	vasectomy
vassal	vassal
vast	kubwa
vat	tanga
vaudeville	Vaudeville
vault	vault
vaulted	vaulted
vaulting	vaulting
veal	kivuli
vector	vector
veer	tazama
vega	vega
vegan	vegan
vegetable	mboga
vegetarian	mboga
vegetarianism	mboga
vegetation	mimea
vegetative	mboga
veggie	veggie
vehement	tamaa
vehicle	gari
veil	pazia
veiled	amefunikwa
vein	mshipa
veined	imefungwa
vellum	vellum
velocity	kasi
velour	velor
velvet	velvet
velvety	velvety
vena	vena
vendetta	vendetta
vending	vending
vendor	muuzaji
veneer	veneer
venerable	kuheshimiwa
veneration	kuheshimiwa
venereal	venereal
venetian	venetian
vengeance	kisasi
vengeful	kulipiza kisasi
venison	venison
venom	sumu
venomous	sumu
venous	venous
vent	panda
ventilation	uingizaji hewa
ventilator	friji
venting	kuruka
ventricle	ventricle
ventricular	ventricular
ventriloquist	ventriloquist
venture	mradi
venue	mahali
veracity	haki
veranda	veranda
verb	kitenzi
verbal	maneno
verbatim	NO TRANSLATION
verbiage	verbiage
verbose	verbose
verbosity	msamaha
verdant	verdant
verdict	uamuzi
verge	hakika
verification	uthibitishaji
verified	kuthibitishwa
verify	kuthibitisha
verily	hakika
veritable	hakika
vermin	vermin
vermouth	vermouth
vernacular	lugha ya kawaida
vernal	vernal
veronica	veronica
versatile	inayofaa
versatility	upatanisho
verse	aya
version	toleo
versus	dhidi
vert	kijani
vertebra	vertebra
vertebral	vertebral
vertex	vertex
vertical	wima
vertically	wima
vertigo	vertigo
verve	jitihada
very negative	mbaya sana
very positive	nzuri sana
veryangry	NO TRANSLATION
vesicle	kijiko
vesicular	viumbe
vessel	chombo
vest	vest
vested	imetolewa
vestibule	kiti
vestige	kijiji
vet	vet
veteran	mkongwe
veterinarian	Daktari wa mifugo
veterinary	mifugo
veto	veto
vexed	walisumbuliwa
viability	uwezekano
viable	inafaa
viaduct	viaduct
vial	chupa
vibe	vibe
vibes	vibes
vibrant	mahiri
vibrate	vibrate
vibration	vibration
vibrator	vibrator
vibratory	vibratory
vicar	mshirika
vicarious	vicarious
vice	kinyume chake
viceroy	viceroy
vicinity	jirani
vicious	mbaya
victim	mwathirika
victimized	walioathirika
victor	mshindi
victoria	victoria
victorious	kushinda
victory	ushindi
video	video
video game	mchezo wa video
videotape	videotape
vie	NO TRANSLATION
view	mtazamo
viewer	mtazamaji
viewing	kuangalia
viewpoint	mtazamo
vigil	tahadhari
vigilance	uangalifu
vigilant	tahadhari
vigilante	vigilante
vignette	vignette
vigor	nguvu
vigorous	nguvu
viking	viking
vile	mbaya
villa	villa
village	kijiji
villager	kijiji
villain	wazimu
villainous	wenyeji
vinaigrette	vinaigrette
vindicate	thibitisha
vindicated	imethibitishwa
vindication	uhakikisho
vindictive	kutetea
vine	mzabibu
vinegar	siki
vineyard	mizabibu
vintage	mavuno
vinyl	vinyl
viola	viola
violate	inakiuka
violation	ukiukwaji
violence	vurugu
violent	vurugu
violently	kwa ukali
violet	violet
violin	violin
violinist	violinist
viper	viper
viral	virusi
virgin	bikira
virginal	virgin
virginity	ujinsia
virility	ujasiri
virology	virology
virtual	virtual
virtually	karibu
virtue	wema
virtuoso	virtuoso
virtuous	wema
virulence	virulence
virus	virusi
visa	visa
visage	NO TRANSLATION
viscosity	mnato
viscous	kibaya
vise	NO TRANSLATION
visibility	kujulikana
visible	inayoonekana
visibly	inayoonekana
vision	maono
visionary	mtazamaji
visit	tembelea
visitation	kutembelea
visiting	kutembelea
visitor	mgeni
visor	visor
vista	vista
visual	Visual
visualize	taswira
vital	muhimu
vitality	nguvu
vitals	vitals
vitamin	vitamini
vitreous	Vitreous
viva	viva
vivacious	vurugu
vivid	wazi
vixen	vixen
vocabulary	Msamiati
vocal	sauti
vocalist	mwimbaji
vocation	mwito
vodka	vodka
vogue	tambua
voice	sauti
voiceless	haijulikani
voicemail	sauti ya barua pepe
void	haipo
volatile	tete
volatility	tamaa
volcanic	volkano
volcano	volkano
volition	tamaa
volley	volley
volleyball	volleyball
voltage	voltage
voltmeter	voltmeter
volume	kiasi
volumes	kiasi
voluminous	kwa nguvu
voluntarily	kwa hiari
voluntary	hiari
volunteer	kujitolea
volunteering	kujitolea
volunteers	wajitolea
voluptuous	voluptuous
vomit	tamaa
vomiting	kutapika
voodoo	voodoo
voracious	voracious
vortex	vortex
vote	kupiga kura
voter	mpiga kura
voting	kupiga kura
votive	kizuizi
vouch	toleo
voucher	vocha
vow	nadhiri
vowel	vowel
voyage	safari
voyager	safari
voyeur	voyeur
vulgar	vulgar
vulgarity	uchafu
vulnerability	hatari
vulnerable	hatari
vulture	tai
wacko	wacko
wacky	wacky
wad	wad
waddle	panda
wade	wade
wafer	safu
waffle	toa
wag	wag
wage	mshahara
wager	wager
wages	mshahara
wagon	gari
wail	salia
waist	kiuno
waistcoat	kiuno
waistline	kiuno
wait	kusubiri
waiter	mhudumu
waiting	kusubiri
waitinggame	NO TRANSLATION
waitress	mhudumu
waive	toa
waiver	kuondolewa
wake	wake
walk	tembea
walker	mtembezi
walking	kutembea
walkout	kutembea
wall	ukuta
wallaby	wallaby
wallet	mkoba
wallflower	wallflower
wallop	wallop
wallow	piga
wallpaper	Ukuta
walnut	walnut
walrus	walrus
waltz	waltz
wan	NO TRANSLATION
wand	wand
wander	tanga
wanderer	mtangazaji
wandering	kutangatanga
wane	wane
waning	kupungua
wanker	wanker
wannabe	wannabe
wannasleep	NO TRANSLATION
want	unataka
wanting	unataka
wanton	hasira
war	vita
warbler	vita
warcrimes	NO TRANSLATION
ward	kata
warden	msimamizi
wardrobe	WARDROBE
ware	Ware
warehouse	ghala
warfare	vita
warhead	kupigana
warlike	vita kama vita
warlock	vita vya vita
warlord	vita
warm	joto
warming	joto
warms	hupendeza
warmth	joto
warn	onyesha
warned	alionya
warning	onyo
warp	kupiga
warpath	warpath
warped	ilipigwa
warrant	warrant
warranted	imethibitishwa
warrants	vibali
warranty	udhamini
warren	vita
warrior	shujaa
warship	vita
wart	Wart
wartime	vita vya vita
wary	tahadhari
wash	safisha
washed	Nikanawa
washer	Washer
washing	kuosha
washout	washout
washroom	safisha
wasp	jambazi
waste	taka
wastebasket	taka ya taka
wasted	kupotea
wasteful	kupoteza
wasteland	jangwa
wasting	kupoteza
watch	tazama
watchdog	kuangalia
watcher	kuangalia
watchful	kuangalia
watchman	NO TRANSLATION
watchout	watchout
watchtower	mnara
water	maji
water polo	polo polo
waterbed	maji ya maji
watercourse	kikapu cha maji
watered	maji
waterfall	maporomoko ya maji
waterfront	mbele ya maji
watering can	kumwagilia unaweza
watermelon	maziwa
waterproof	inazuia maji
waterworks	maji ya maji
watery	maji
wave	wimbi
wavelength	wavelength
waver	kusonga
wavering	kutetemeka
waves	mawimbi
wavy	wavy
wax	wax
waxed	walishiriki
waxy	wax
way	njia
ways	njia
wayward	huenda
weak	dhaifu
weaken	fungua
weakened	imeshindwa
weakling	kudhoofisha
weakly	dhaifu
weakness	udhaifu
wealth	utajiri
wealthy	tajiri
weapon	silaha
weaponry	silaha
wear	kuvaa
wearer	wearer
wearily	tamaa
weariness	uchovu
wearing	kuvaa
weary	wamechoka
weasel	weasel
weather	hali ya hewa
weathered	tulivumilia
weatherman	hali ya hewa
weatherproof	hali ya hewa
weave	weave
web	mtandao
website	tovuti
wed	wed
wedded	wedded
wedding	harusi
wedge	kabari
wedlock	ndoa
wee	sisi
weed	magugu
weeding	kupalilia
weeds	magugu
weedy	weedy
weeeee	NO TRANSLATION
week	wiki
weekday	siku ya wiki
weekend	mwishoni mwa wiki
weekly	kila wiki
weenie	weenie
weep	jalia
weeping	kilio
weeping willow	msumari wa kilio
weepy	wanalia
weigh	kupima
weighing	uzito
weight	uzito
weightless	uzito
weightloss	NO TRANSLATION
weights	uzito
weighty	nzito
weir	weir
weird	weird
weirdness	udhalimu
weirdo	weirdo
welcome	kuwakaribisha
welcomed	kukaribishwa
welcoming	kukaribisha
weld	weld
welder	welder
welding	kuchomelea
welfare	ustawi
wellhead	kichwa cha kichwa
wellness	ustawi
welsh	welsh
welt	NO TRANSLATION
wen	NO TRANSLATION
wench	wench
werewolf	waswolf
west	magharibi
westbound	magharibi
western	magharibi
wet	mvua
wetback	wetback
whack	whack
whale	nyangumi
whaling	whaling
wham	wham
whammy	whammy
wharf	wharf
whatdoido	NO TRANSLATION
whatif	whatif
whatmakesmesmile	NO TRANSLATION
whatnot	whatnot
whatsoever	chochote
whatsthepoint	NO TRANSLATION
wheat	ngano
wheel	gurudumu
wheel barrow	NO TRANSLATION
wheelbarrow	gurudumu
wheelchair	gurudumu
wheels	magurudumu
wheeze	gurudumu
whelp	whelp
whereabouts	wapi
wherefore	kwa hiyo
wherewith	ambayo
wherewithal	wapi
whet	magurudumu
whiff	kiboko
whilst	wakati
whim	whim
whimper	whimper
whimsical	wakati wa kisasa
whimsy	whimsy
whine	wazi
whiny	nyeupe
whip	mjeledi
whiplash	whiplash
whipped	kuchapwa
whirl	whirl
whirlpool	whirlpool
whirlwind	kimbunga
whisk	whisk
whisker	whisker
whiskers	whiskers
whiskey	whisky
whisky	whisky
whisper	whisper
whispered	alimtia wasiwasi
whistle	soma
whit	nyeupe
white	nyeupe
whitefish	whitefish
whiteness	uwazi
whitewash	nyeupe
whitish	nyeupe
whittle	wachache
whiz	whiz
whole	yote
wholesale	jumla
wholesome	nzuri
wholly	kabisa
whoo	nani
whoop	nani
whopper	mchungaji
whopping	kuacha
whore	huzinzi
whorehouse	nyumba ya nyumba
wick	wick
wicked	waovu
wickedness	uovu
wicker	wicker
wicket	Wicket
wide	pana
widely	sana
widen	Panua
widespread	kuenea
widow	mjane
widowed	mjane
widower	mjane
width	upana
wield	kutumia
wiener	wiener
wienie	NO TRANSLATION
wife	mke
wig	wig
wiggle	wiggle
wight	wight
wiki	wiki
wild	mwitu
wildcat	wildcat
wildebeest	wildebeest
wilderness	Nyika
wildfire	moto wa moto
wildlife	wanyamapori
will	mapenzi
willful	mapenzi
willies	willies
willing	tayari
willingly	kwa hiari
willingness	nia
willow	Willow
willpower	nguvu
wilt	unataka
wilted	wilted
wily	wily
wimp	wimp
wimpy	wimpy
win	kushinda
wince	wince
winch	winch
wind	upepo
windbag	kivuli
windfall	upepo
winding	vilima
windmill	kivuli
window	dirisha
windowsill	NO TRANSLATION
windpipe	upepo wa upepo
windshield	windshield
windy	upepo
wine	mvinyo
wine cooler	divai baridi
wing	mrengo
winged	mrengo
winger	winger
wingman	wingman
wink	wink
winner	mshindi
winning	kushinda
winnings	ushindi
wino	NO TRANSLATION
winter	baridi
winterbreak	NO TRANSLATION
wintertime	wakati wa baridi
wintery	ushindi
wintry	wintry
wipe	Futa
wiper	Wiper
wire	Waya
wired	wired
wireless	wireless
wiretap	waya
wiring	wiring
wis	hekima
wisdom	hekima
wise	hekima
wish	unataka
wishbone	wishbone
wishful	unataka
wishing	wanaotaka
wishmeluck	wishmeluck
wisp	taka
wistful	wistful
wit	yaani
witch	mchawi
witchcraft	uchawi
withal	bila shaka
withdraw	kutoa
withdrawal	uondoaji
withdrawals	uondoaji
withdrawn	kuondolewa
wither	woma
withered	waliotauka
withering	kuota
withhold	shika
withholding	kuzuia
withstand	kuhimili
witless	bila ujinga
witness	shahidi
wits	wits
witty	wachawi
wiz	wiz
wizard	mchawi
wobble	weka
wobbly	kubumbwa
woe	ole
woeful	taabu
woefully	woefully
wok	wok
wokemeup	NO TRANSLATION
wolf	mbwa Mwitu
wolverine	wolverine
woman	mwanamke
womanhood	ujinsia
womanizer	womanizer
womanly	mwanamke
womb	tumbo
wonder	ajabu
wonderful	ajabu
wonderfully	ajabu
wonderment	ajabu
wondrous	ajabu
wont	NO TRANSLATION
woo	woo
wood	mbao
woodcut	mti wa kuni
wooden	mbao
woodland	mbao
woodlands	misitu
woodpecker	msitu wa mbao
woods	mbao
woodshed	misitu
woodsman	msitu
woodwork	mbao
woody	vitu
woof	kufunika
woohoo	woohoo
wooing	kusubiri
wool	pamba
woolen	sufu
woolly	woolly
woot	tamaa
woozy	woozy
wop	wap
word	neno
wording	maneno
words	maneno
wordy	neno
work	kazi
workaholic	workaholic
workbook	Kitabu cha mafunzo
worker	mfanyakazi
working	kufanya kazi
workings	kazi
workload	mzigo wa kazi
workman	mfanyakazi
workmanship	kazi
workout	Fanya mazoezi
workplace	mahali pa kazi
works	inafanya kazi
workshop	warsha
workup	upasuaji
world	ulimwengu
worldly	ulimwengu
worldwide	duniani kote
worm	mdudu
wormhole	mdudu
wormwood	mboga
worn	huvaliwa
worried	wasiwasi
worries	wasiwasi
worry	wasiwasi
worrying	wasiwasi
worse	mbaya zaidi
worsening	kuongezeka
worship	ibada
worshipful	kuabudu
worstfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
worth	thamani
worthless	hauna maana
worthwhile	thamani
worthy	thamani
wot	wito
would	ingekuwa
wound	jeraha
wounded	walijeruhiwa
wounding	kuumiza
wounds	majeraha
wracking	wracking
wrangler	mgongano
wrangling	kupigana
wrap	funika
wrapper	Kanga
wrapping	kufunika
wrath	hasira
wrathful	hasira
wreak	wreak
wreath	kamba
wreck	kuanguka
wreckage	uharibifu
wrecked	imeshindwa
wrecker	wrecker
wrench	wrench
wrenching	kusisitiza
wrest	wrest
wrestle	kupigana
wrestler	wrestler
wrestling	kupigana
wretch	wanyonge
wretched	taabu
wriggle	wriggle
wright	wright
wring	wring
wringer	wringer
wrinkle	wrinkle
wrinkled	wrinkled
wrist	wrist
wristband	wristband
wristwatch	saa ya Mkono
writ	Andika
write	andika
writer	mwandishi
writing	kuandika
written	imeandikwa
wrong	si sawa
wrongdoing	kufanya makosa
wrongful	halali
wrongly	vibaya
wrought	alifanya
wry	wry
xanax	xanax
xenophobia	ubaguzi wa ubaguzi
xerox	xerox
xmas	xmas
xoxo	xoxo
yaaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaay	NO TRANSLATION
yacht	yacht
yachting	yachting
yahoo	yahoo
yak	Yak
yam	yam
yank	yank
yap	NO TRANSLATION
yard	yadi
yarn	uzi
yaw	yaw
yawn	piga miayo
yawning	yawning
yay	yay
yayy	yayy
yayyy	NO TRANSLATION
yayyyy	NO TRANSLATION
yea	ndiyo
yeahhh	yeahhh
yeahhhh	NO TRANSLATION
year	mwaka
yearbook	Kitabu cha Kitabu
yearling	umri wa miaka
yearly	kila mwaka
yearn	tamani
yearning	unataka
years	miaka
yeast	chachu
yehey	NO TRANSLATION
yell	tamaa
yeller	onyesha
yelling	kupiga kelele
yellow	njano
yellows	njano
yelp	Yelp
yen	yen
yeoman	yeoman
yesss	Yesss
yessss	yessss
yesterday	jana
yesteryear	siku za nyuma
yew	yew
yey	NO TRANSLATION
yield	mavuno
yielding	kujitoa
yo-yo	NO TRANSLATION
yodel	Yodel
yoga	yoga
yogi	yogi
yogurt	mgando
yoke	jozi
yolk	kijiko
yon	NO TRANSLATION
yonder	huko nje
young	vijana
younger	mdogo
youngster	kijana
yousuck	wewe
youth	vijana
youthful	vijana
yucky	bahati
yuletide	yuletide
yummy	Funzo
yuppie	yuppie
zany	zany
zap	zap
zeal	jitihada
zealot	zealot
zealous	bidii
zebra	punda
zen	zen
zenith	zenithi
zephyr	zephyr
zeppelin	zeppelin
zest	zest
zesty	zesty
zeta	zeta
zigzag	zigzag
zilch	zilch
zillion	zillion
zinc	zinki
zing	NO TRANSLATION
zip	zip
zipper	zipper
zippy	zippy
zit	NO TRANSLATION
zodiac	zodiac
zombie	zombie
zone	eneo
zoning	ukandaji
zoo	zoo
zoological	zoolojia
zoology	zoolojia
zoom	zoom
zucchini	zukchini
