Word	zu
aaaaaaah	aaaaaaah
aaaah	NO TRANSLATION
aardvark	i-aardvark
aback	back
abacus	Abacus
abalone	abalone
abandon	shiya
abandoned	ishiyiwe
abandonment	ukushiya
abashed	bahlushwa
abate	phumula
abatement	ukubethelwa
abba	abba
abbey	abbey
abbot	NO TRANSLATION
abbreviate	isifinyezo
abbreviation	isifinyezo
abdomen	isisu
abdominal	isisu
abduct	ukuthatha
abduction	ukuthunjwa
aberrant	i-aberrant
aberration	ukuhlukumezeka
abeyance	ukuzinza
abhor	nyansi
abhorrence	ukuzonda
abhorrent	ukuzonda
abide	uhlale
abiding	ukuhlala
ability	ikhono
abject	ukuhlukunyezwa
ablation	ukuphumula
ablaze	vula
able	uyakwazi
abnormal	okungavamile
abnormality	ukungavamile
aboard	ungene
abode	uhlala
abolish	ukuqeda
abolition	ukuqeda
abominable	ezinengekayo
abominate	kuyamshaya
abomination	inengiso
aboriginal	aboriginal
abort	ukuphumula
abortion	ukukhipha isisu
abortive	ukukhipha
abound	iningi
abovementioned	ngenhla
abracadabra	NO TRANSLATION
abrasion	ukuhlukunyezwa
abrasive	ukuhlukumezeka
abreast	okulinganiselwe
abroad	phesheya
abrogate	ukuxoshwa
abrupt	ngokuphazamiseka
abruptly	ngokungazelelwe
abscess	i-abscess
absence	ukungabi khona
absent	engekho
absentee	engekho
absenteeism	ukungabikho
absinthe	i-absinthe
absolute	ngokuphelele
absolution	ukungabi namuntu
absolve	qeda
absorb	ubambe
absorbed	umunwe
absorbent	i-absorbent
absorbing	uyangenisa
absorption	ukumuncwa
abstain	hlala
abstention	ukungahlali
abstinence	ukuzithiba
abstract	abstract
abstraction	abstraction
absurd	kungenangqondo
absurdity	ukungabi nalutho
abundance	inqwaba
abundant	eningi
abuse	ukuhlukunyezwa
abused	behlukunyezwa
abusive	ukuhlukunyezwa
abutment	isithandwa
aby	NO TRANSLATION
abysmal	i-abysmal
abyss	ilasha
academic	isikole
academy	isikole
accede	vumela
accelerant	ukusheshisa
accelerate	ukusheshisa
accelerated	isheshayo
acceleration	ukusheshisa
accelerator	i-accelerator
accent	ukugxila
accentuate	i-accentuate
accept	yamukela
acceptable	yamukelekile
acceptance	ukwamukelwa
acceptances	ukwamukelwa
access	ukufinyelela
accessible	kufinyeleleka
accession	ukungenelela
accessory	izinsiza
accident	ingozi
accidental	ngengozi
accidentally	ngengozi
acclaim	udumo
accolade	ukuphoqa
accommodate	ukuhlala
accommodation	indawo yokuhlala
accompaniment	ukuhambisana
accompany	hamba
accompanying	ehambisana
accomplice	i-accomplice
accomplish	finyelela
accomplished	kufeziwe
accomplishment	ukufeza
accord	ngokuvumelana
accordance	ngokuhambisana
accordion	i-accordion
account	i-akhawunti
accountability	ukuphendula
accountable	ukuphendula
accountant	i-akhawunti
accounting	ukubalwa kwezimali
accounts	ama-akhawunti
accredited	kuvunyelwe
accretion	ukuvunywa
accrue	yanda
accueil	NO TRANSLATION
accumulate	qoqa
accumulation	ukuqoqwa
accuracy	ukunemba
accurate	inembile
accursed	iqalekisiwe
accusation	icala
accusative	icala
accuse	icala
accused	umsolwa
accuser	ummangali
accusing	icala
accustomed	bejwayele
ace	ace
acetic	acetic
acetylene	i-acetylene
ache	ukuphumula
achieve	ukufeza
achieved	kufinyeleleke
achievement	ukufeza
aching	ukucindezeleka
achy	achy
acid	i-asidi
acidity	acidity
acknowledge	vuma
acknowledged	kuvunyelwe
acknowledgement	ukuvuma
acknowledgment	ukuvuma
acme	i-acme
acne	i-acne
acorn	i-acorn
acoustic	i-acoustic
acoustics	ama-acoustics
acquaint	wazi
acquaintance	ukujwayela
acquainted	azijwayele
acquiescence	i-acquiescence
acquire	thola
acquiring	ukuzuza
acquisition	ukuthenga
acquisitions	ukuthenga
acquit	thola
acquittal	ukulahlwa
acre	i-acre
acreage	i-acreage
acres	amahektare
acrobat	i-acrobat
acrylic	acrylic
act	yenza
acting	esebenza
action	isenzo
action figure	isibalo sesenzo
actionable	iyasebenza
activate	sebenzisa
activation	ukusebenza
active	esebenzayo
activist	isishoshovu
activity	umsebenzi
actor	umlingisi
actress	umlingisi
actual	okwangempela
actuality	okwamanje
actuary	i-actuary
acuity	ubuqili
acumen	i-acumen
acupuncture	i-acupuncture
acute	i-acute
acutely	kahle
ad	isikhangiso
adage	isikhangiso
adamant	enamandla
adapt	ukuvumelanisa
adaptable	ukuvumelanisa
adaptation	ukujwayela
add	engeza
added	ungeze
addendum	isithasiselo
adder	isitha
addict	umlutha
addicted	umlutha
addiction	umlutha
addictive	umlutha
addition	ukwengeza
additional	eyengeziwe
additive	okungeziwe
address	ikheli
addressee	i-addressee
addresses	amakheli
adept	u-adept
adequacy	ngokwanele
adequate	ezanele
adhere	ukunamathela
adherence	ukunamathela
adherent	ukuhambisana
adhering	ukunamathela
adhesion	ukunamathela
adhesive	ukunamathela
adieu	adieu
adipose	adipose
adjacency	eseduze
adjacent	eduze
adjective	isichazamazwi
adjoining	ehlangene
adjourn	phindela
adjournment	ukuhlehliswa
adjudicate	ukugweba
adjudication	ukugwetshwa
adjunct	ukulungiswa
adjust	lungisa
adjuster	i-adjuster
adjustment	ukulungiswa
adjuvant	adjuvant
admin	umphathi
administer	ukuphatha
administration	ukuphathwa
administrative	ukuphatha
administrator	umlawuli
admirable	admirable
admiral	ukuhlonipha
admiralty	i-admiralty
admiration	ukubonga
admire	ngiyakubonga
admired	uyathandwa
admirer	uyamthanda
admiring	ngiyakubonga
admissibility	ukuvuma
admissible	ivumelekile
admission	ukungena
admit	vuma
admittance	ukuvuma
admitted	avunyelwe
admitting	uyavuma
admixture	ukuhlanganiswa
admonition	iseluleko
ado	i-ado
adobe	i-adobe
adolescence	ukukhula
adolescent	osemusha
adopt	ukwamukela
adoption	ukwamukelwa
adoptive	ukwamukela
adorable	okujabulisayo
adoration	ukukhuleka
adore	ukuthanda
adoring	ukuncoma
adorn	ukuhlobisa
adornment	ukuhlobisa
adrenalin	i-adrenalin
adrenaline	i-adrenaline
adrift	adrift
adult	umuntu omdala
adulterated	ukuphinga
adulterer	umphingi
adultery	ukuphinga
adulthood	umuntu omdala
advance	phambili
advanced	ithuthukile
advancement	ukuthuthuka
advancing	ukuqhubeka
advantage	inzuzo
advantageous	inzuzo
advent	ukuza
adventure	i-adventure
adventurer	umshayeli
adventures	izintandokazi
adventurous	okuzenzekelayo
adversary	isitha
adverse	okubi
adversity	ukuhlupheka
advertise	khangisa
advertisement	isikhangiso
advertising	ukukhangisa
adverts	izikhangiso
advice	iseluleko
advisable	kuhlelwe
advise	ukweluleka
advised	welulekwa
advisement	yeluleka
adviser	umeluleki
advisor	umeluleki
advisory	ukululekwa
advocacy	ukukhuthaza
advocate	khuthaza
aegis	aegis
aeration	i-aeration
aerial	insimbi
aerobics	i-aerobics
aerodrome	i-aerodrome
aerodynamic	aerodynamic
aerodynamics	i-aerodynamics
aeronautics	aeronautics
aeroplane	indiza
aerospace	i-aerospace
aesthetic	ubuhle
aesthetics	i-aesthetics
aetiology	i-etiology
afar	kude
affable	kungathinteka
affair	indaba
affect	kuthinta
affecting	okuthinta
affection	uthando
affectionate	uthando
affections	ukuthandwa
affiche	NO TRANSLATION
affidavit	i-afidavithi
affiliated	ehlangene
affiliation	ukubambisana
affinity	ukusondelana
affirm	qinisekisa
affirmation	ukuqinisekiswa
affirmative	okuqinisekisiwe
affirmatively	ngokuqinisekisayo
affix	kufakwa
afflict	ukuhlupha
afflicted	uhluphekile
affliction	ukuhlupheka
affluence	ukuthatha
affluent	enamandla
afford	ukuthenga
affordable	ezingabizi
affront	ukuhlukunyezwa
affronted	ukuhlukunyezwa
afield	endaweni
afire	ukushisa
afloat	i-afloat
afore	afore
aforementioned	okushiwo ngenhla
aforesaid	okushiwo ngaphambili
afraid	esaba
afresh	kabusha
african	i-african
aft	aft
afterlife	emva kokufa
aftermath	ngemuva
afternoon	ntambama
aftershave	ngemuva kwalokho
aftertaste	i-aftertaste
afterthought	ngemuva kokulandela
aga	NO TRANSLATION
agape	agape
agate	i-agate
age	ubudala
aged	asebekhulile
agency	i-agency
agenda	ajenda
agent	i-agent
agglomeration	ukuhlukumeza
aggravate	kuthuthukisiwe
aggravated	ihlukumezekile
aggravates	kukhula
aggravating	ukuhlukumeza
aggravation	ukuhlukumezeka
aggregate	uhlanganiso
aggregation	i-aggregation
aggresive	NO TRANSLATION
aggression	ukuhlukunyezwa
aggressive	ulaka
aggressively	ngokuhlukumeza
aggressiveness	ukuhlukumezeka
aggressor	u-aggressor
agh	agh
aghast	ukhululekile
aghhh	NO TRANSLATION
agile	sishaye
agility	ukufaneleka
aging	ukuguga
agitate	agitate
agitated	wavutha
agitation	ukukhathazeka
aglow	ukuvutha
agnostic	i-agnostic
ago	edlule
agonizing	ibuhlungu
agony	ubuhlungu
agoraphobia	agoraphobia
agree	vumelana
agreeable	uyavuma
agreed	kuvunyelwene
agreeing	uyavuma
agreement	isivumelwano
agressive	NO TRANSLATION
agricultural	ezolimo
agriculture	ezolimo
aground	phansi
agua	NO TRANSLATION
ahead	phambili
ahhh	ahhh
ahhhhhhhh	NO TRANSLATION
ahoy	ahoy
aid	usizo
aide	umsizi
aiding	ukusiza
aids	izinsiza
ail	konke
ailing	ukugula
ailment	ukugula
aim	umgomo
aimless	okungenhloso
air	umoya
airbag	i-airbag
airborne	ivela emoyeni
aircraft	izindiza
aircraft carrier	othwala izindiza
airfield	ibhanoyi
airhead	i-airhead
airlift	i-airlift
airline	izindiza
airliner	indiza
airlock	i-airlock
airman	umoya womoya
airplane	indiza
airport	sezindiza
airs	umoya
airship	i-airship
airspace	i-airspace
airspeed	emoyeni
airstrip	i-airstrip
airtight	kungenwe umoya
airway	ukuhamba emoyeni
aisle	Indawo yezinto
ait	NO TRANSLATION
ajar	NO TRANSLATION
aka	aka
akin	ngokufanayo
alabaster	i-alabaster
alarm	i-alamu
alarm clock	iwashi eline alamu
alarmed	eshaqile
alarming	eshaqisayo
alas	i-alas
alb	NO TRANSLATION
albatross	i-albatross
albino	albino
album	i-albhamu
alchemy	alchemy
alcohol	utshwala
alcoholic	utshwala
alcoholism	utshwala
alcove	i-alcove
alderman	alderman
ale	NO TRANSLATION
alert	uqaphile
alertness	ukuqapha
alerts	izaziso
alfalfa	alfalfa
algebra	i-algebra
algebraic	algebraic
algorithm	i-algorithm
alias	alias
alibi	alibi
alien	alien
alienate	hlukanisa
alienated	ohlukanisiwe
alienation	ukuhlukaniswa
alight	kuphelile
align	ukuvumelanisa
aligned	ihambisana
alignment	ukuqondanisa
alike	ngokufanayo
alimentation	NO TRANSLATION
alimony	i-alimony
aliquot	i-aliquot
alive	ephila
alkali	alkali
alkaloids	alkaloids
allay	londoloza
allegation	icala
allege	zithi
alleged	usolwa
allegiance	ukuthembeka
allegorical	ngephutha
allegory	i-allegory
allegro	allegro
allergic	i-allergic
allergy	ukungezwani komzimba
alleviate	ukunciphisa
alleviation	ukunciphisa
alley	indawo
alleyway	emgwaqeni
alliance	ukusebenzisana
allied	ihlangene
alligator	i-alligator
allocate	ukwabiwa
allocation	isabelo
allot	allot
allotment	isabelo
allow	vumela
allowable	kuvunyelwe
allowance	isabelo
allowed	kuvunyelwe
alloy	i-alloy
allsmiles	NO TRANSLATION
allure	ukukhishwa
alluring	ukuphoqa
allusion	ukukhuluma
alluvial	konke
ally	umlingani
almanac	i-almanac
almighty	unamandla onke
almond	i-almond
aloft	aloft
aloha	aloha
alone	yedwa
alongside	eceleni
aloof	i-aloof
aloud	ngokuzwakalayo
alpha	i-alpha
alphabet	alfabhethi
alphabetical	i-alfabhethi
alpine	alpine
alreadyyyyy	kakade
altar	i-altare
altar boy	umfana we-altare
alter	guqula
alteration	ukuguqulwa
altercation	ukuguqulwa
altered	iguquliwe
alternate	okunye
alternating	ukushintsha
alternative	okunye
altimeter	i-altimeter
altitude	ukuphakama
alto	alto
altogether	ngokuphelele
aluminum	aluminium
alumnus	i-alumnus
alveolar	i-alveolar
alzheimers	NO TRANSLATION
amalgam	amalgam
amalgamation	ukuhlanganiswa
amaretto	amaretto
amass	funa
amateur	amateur
amaze	mangaza
amazed	bamangala
amazedness	NO TRANSLATION
amazement	ukumangala
amazing	amazing
amazingly	ngokumangalisayo
ambassador	unxusa
amber	amber
ambience	ambience
ambient	i-ambient
ambiguity	ukungaboni kahle
ambiguous	okungaqondakali
ambit	ambit
ambition	izifiso
ambitious	ambitious
ambivalent	ambivalent
ambrosia	ambrosia
ambulance	i-ambulensi
ambush	baqamekele
ameliorate	ukuvuselela
amen	amen
amenable	ungenakho
amend	ukuchibiyela
amendment	ukuchitshiyelwa
amends	ulungisa
amenity	ubuhle
amethyst	amethyst
amiable	unomusa
amicable	enokuthula
amid	phakathi
amidst	phakathi
amino	amino
ammo	ammo
ammonia	ammonia
ammonium	ammonium
ammunition	izinhlamvu
amnesia	amnesia
amnesty	ukuxolelwa
amorous	amorous
amorphous	amorphous
amortization	amortization
amount	inani
amour	NO TRANSLATION
amp	amp
ampersand	ampersand
amphetamines	amphetamines
amphibian	amphibian
amphibious	amphibious
amphitheater	i-amphitheatre
ample	okuphelele
amplification	ukukhuliswa
amplify	ukukhulisa
amplitude	amplitude
amply	kakhulu
amputate	ukuphawula
amputation	ukukhishwa
amuck	amuck
amulet	i-amulet
amuse	sebenzisa
amused	amused
amusement	ukuzijabulisa
amusing	ukuhlekisa
ana	NO TRANSLATION
anaconda	i-anaconda
anaesthesia	i-anesthesia
anaesthetic	i-anesthetic
anagram	anagram
anal	anal
analgesic	i-analgesic
analogous	okufanayo
analogue	i-analogue
analogy	ukufanisa
analysis	ukuhlaziywa
analyst	umhlaziyi
analytic	i-analytic
analytical	ukuhlaziya
analyze	hlaziya
analyzer	i-analyzer
anaphylactic	i-anaphylactic
anarchism	i-anarchism
anarchist	i-anarchist
anarchy	i-anarchy
anastomosis	i-anastomosis
anathema	anathema
anatomic	i-anatomic
anatomy	i-anatomy
ancestor	ukhokho
ancestral	ukhokho
ancestry	okhokho
anchor	ihange
anchorage	i-anchorage
ancient	yasendulo
ancillary	ancillary
androgen	androgen
android	Android
anecdote	i-anecdote
anemia	i-anemia
anemic	i-anemic
anemone	i-anemone
anesthesia	i-anesthesia
anesthesiologist	i-anesthesiologist
anesthetic	i-anesthetic
aneurysm	aneurysm
anew	kabusha
angel	ingelosi
angelic	izingelosi
anger	intukuthelo
angered	uthukuthele
angermanagement	NO TRANSLATION
angina	angina
angiogram	i-angiogram
angiography	i-angiography
angle	i-angle
angling	i-angling
angora	angora
angriest	ukuthukuthela
angry	uthukuthele
angrytweet	NO TRANSLATION
angst	angst
anguish	usizi
anguished	ukukhathazeka
angular	i-angular
anhydrous	anhydrous
animal	isilwane
animate	animate
animated	izithombe
animation	izithombe
animosity	inzondo
animus	animus
ankle	i-ankle
anklet	i-anklet
annals	ubika
annex	isithasiselo
annexation	ukunxusa
annexe	NO TRANSLATION
annihilate	ukubhubhisa
annihilated	ukubhujiswa
annihilation	ukubhujiswa
anniversary	usuku lokukhumbula
annotate	chaza
annotation	isichasiselo
announce	umemezele
announcement	isimemezelo
announcer	ummemezeli
annoy	ukucasula
annoyance	ukucasula
annoyed	ucasuliwe
annoyin	NO TRANSLATION
annoying	ecasulayo
annoys	ucasula
annual	ngonyaka
annuity	i-annuity
annul	susa
annular	annular
annulment	ukususwa
annulus	i-annulus
anointed	agcotshiwe
anointing	ukugcoba
anomalous	i-anomalous
anomaly	i-anomaly
anon	i-anon
anonymity	ukungaziwa
anonymous	engaziwa
anorexic	i-anorexic
answer	impendulo
answerable	iphendule
answering	ukuphendula
ant	ant
antagonism	ukuphikisana
antagonist	umphikisi
antagonistic	ukuphikisa
antagonize	ukuphikisa
ante	NO TRANSLATION
antecedent	i-antecedent
antelope	i-antelope
antenna	i-antenna
anterior	anterior
anthem	iculo
anthill	i-anthill
anthology	i-anthology
anthrax	i-anthrax
anthropological	i-anthropological
anthropologist	i-anthropologist
anthropology	i-anthropology
anti	anti
antiaircraft	i-antiaircraft
antibiotic	i-antibiotic
antibiotics	ama-antibiotics
antichrist	umphik'ukristu
anticipate	lindele
anticipation	ukulindela
anticipatory	ukulindela
antics	NO TRANSLATION
antidote	antidote
antifungal	i-antifungal
antigravity	ukulwa nobugebengu
antimony	i-antimony
antipathy	ukungabi nandaba
antiquarian	antiquarian
antiquated	i-antiquated
antique	i-antique
antiques	antiques
antiquity	emandulo
antiseptic	antiseptic
antisocial	ukungabi namuntu
antithesis	ukuphikisa
antithetical	antithetical
antiviral	i-antiviral
antler	antler
antsy	i-antsy
anus	i-anus
anvil	ukuvota
anxiety	ukukhathazeka
anxietyattack	NO TRANSLATION
anxious	ukukhathazeka
anxiousness	ukukhathazeka
anytime	noma kunini
aorta	i-aorta
aortic	i-aortic
apace	i-apace
apache	i-apache
apartment	indlu
apartments	amafulethi
apathetic	abangenandaba
apathy	ukunganakwa
ape	i-ape
aperture	ukuvula
apex	ipepe
aphid	i-aphid
aphrodisiac	aphrodisiac
apiece	ucezu
aplomb	i-aplomb
apocalypse	Apocalypse
apocalyptic	i-apocalyptic
apologetic	ukuxolisa
apologist	umsolwa
apologize	xolisa
apology	ukuxolisa
apostasy	ukuhlubuka
apostate	isihlubuki
apostle	umphostoli
apostolic	abaphostoli
apostrophe	apostrophe
apothecary	i-apothecary
appalled	umangale
appalling	eshaqisayo
apparatus	izixhobo
apparel	isambatho
apparent	ngokusobala
apparently	ngokusobala
apparition	ukubonakala
appeal	isikhalazo
appear	zivele
appearance	ukubukeka
appease	sondeza
appellant	umfakisicelo
append	faka
appendage	ukwesekwa
appendectomy	i-appendectomy
appendicitis	ukufakwa kwe-appendicitis
appendix	isithasiselo
appetite	ukudla
appetizer	isikhalazo
appetizing	okujabulisayo
applaud	ukuhalalisa
applause	ihlombe
apple	i-apula
apple juice	i-apula ijusi
applejack	i-applejack
applesauce	i-applesauce
appliance	uhlelo lokusebenza
appliances	izinto zokusebenza
applicability	ukufaka isicelo
applicable	okusebenzayo
applicant	umfakisicelo
application	isicelo
apply	isicelo
appoint	khetha
appointment	ukuqashwa
appointments	ukuqashwa
apportion	ukwabiwa
apportionment	ukwabiwa
appraisal	ukuhlola
appraise	funda
appreciable	uyakwazisa
appreciate	bayakwazisa
appreciated	uyakwazisa
appreciates	uyakwazisa
appreciation	ukwazisa
appreciative	uyakwazisa
apprehend	thola
apprehension	ukukhathazeka
apprehensive	ukukhathazeka
apprentice	ufunde
apprenticeship	ukufundela
approach	sondela
approaching	sondela
approbate	NO TRANSLATION
approbation	ukuvunyelwa
appropriate	kufanelekile
appropriation	ukwabiwa
approval	kuvunyelwe
approve	vumela
approved	kuvunyelwe
approvement	ukwamukelwa
approving	ukuvuma
approximate	cishe
approximately	cishe
approximating	ukulinganisa
approximation	ukulinganisa
appurtenances	ukulungiswa
apricot	ibhilikosi
apron	apron
apt	kulungile
aptitude	ukufaneleka
aqua	aqua
aquamarine	i-aquamarine
aquarium	i-aquarium
aquatic	emanzini
aqueduct	amanzi
aqueous	aqueous
arable	i-arable
arbiter	i-arbiter
arbitrary	ukuphikisana
arbitrate	ukuphikisana
arbitration	ukuxabana
arbitrator	umlamuli
arbor	i-arbor
arc	i-arc
arcade	i-arcade
arcane	i-arcane
arch	umdwebo
archaeological	abavubukuli
archaeologist	umvubukuli
archaeology	ukuvubukula
archaic	i-archaic
archangel	ingelosi enkulu
archbishop	umbhishobhi omkhulu
archdiocese	i-archdiocese
archduke	i-archduke
arched	i-arched
archer	umcibisholo
archery	ukushaya umnsalo
archetype	i-archetype
archipelago	i-archipelago
architect	umakhi
architectural	izakhiwo
architecture	izakhiwo
archive	ingobo yomlando
arctic	i-arctic
ardent	i-ardent
ardor	ukuphazamiseka
arduous	okulukhuni
area	indawo
arena	isna
areola	isola
areyoukidding	NO TRANSLATION
areyoukiddingme	NO TRANSLATION
argent	NO TRANSLATION
argh	i-argh
arghh	NO TRANSLATION
arghhhh	NO TRANSLATION
argue	phikisa
argument	ingxabano
argumentation	ukuphikisana
argumentative	ukuphikisana
arguments	izingxabano
arid	evulekile
arise	vuka
aristocracy	i-aristocracy
aristocrat	i-aristocrat
aristocratic	i-aristocratic
arithmetic	i-arithmetic
ark	umkhumbi
arm	ingalo
armada	armada
armament	izikhali
armaments	izikhali
armature	izibhamu
armchair	isihlalo somphefumulo
armed	ehlomile
armor	izikhali
armored	i-armored
armory	i-armory
armpit	phakamisa
arms	izingalo
army	ibutho
aroma	iphunga
aromatherapy	aromatherapy
arousal	kuvusa
arouse	vusa
aroused	kuvuswe
arraignment	ukuhlukunyezwa
arrange	hlela
arranged	kuhlelwe
arrangement	ilungiselelo
array	uhlu
arrears	emuva
arrest	ukuboshwa
arrhythmia	i-arrhythmia
arrival	ukufika
arrive	fika
arrogance	ukuzidla
arrogant	aziqhenya
arrow	umcibisholo
arsehole	i-arsehole
arseholes	i-arseholes
arsenal	i-arsenal
arsenic	i-arsenic
arson	umshini
arsonist	i-arsonist
art	ubuciko
arterial	ukuguqula
artery	umshini
artful	ubuciko
arthritis	i-arthritis
arthropod	i-arthropod
artichoke	i-artichoke
article	isihloko
articles	izihloko
articulate	ichaza
articulation	ukukhuluma
artifact	i-artifact
artifice	i-artifice
artificial	okufakelwayo
artillery	izikhali
artisan	i-artisan
artist	umculi
artiste	NO TRANSLATION
artistic	ubuciko
artistry	ubuciko
artists	abaculi
artwork	ubuciko
arty	i-arty
asap	asap
asbestos	i-asbestos
ascend	ukhuphuka
ascendancy	ukuphakama
ascendant	ascendant
ascending	ukhuphuka
ascension	ukukhuphuka
ascent	ukuphakama
ascertain	qinisekisa
ascertained	kuqinisekisiwe
ascetic	i-ascetic
ash	umlotha
ashamed	amahloni
ashes	umlotha
ashtray	ashtray
asinine	i-asinine
ask	cela
asleeep	NO TRANSLATION
asleep	ulele
asp	i-asp
asparagus	i-asparagus
aspartame	i-aspartame
aspect	isici
aspects	izici
aspen	aspen
asphalt	i-asphalt
asphyxia	i-asphyxia
asphyxiation	ukuphefumula
aspiration	isifiso
aspire	sifisa
aspirin	i-aspirin
aspiring	sifisa
ass	imbongolo
assail	ukushaya
assailant	ukuhlukumezeka
assassin	umbulali
assassinate	bulala
assassination	ukubulawa
assault	ukushaya
assay	isilingo
assemblage	ukuhlangana
assemble	hlangana
assembled	behlangene
assembly	umhlangano
assemblyman	umhlangano womhlangano
assent	vumela
assert	tshela
asserting	ukufakazela
assertion	ukufakazela
assertive	ukufakazela
assess	hlola
assessment	ukuhlolwa
assessor	umhloli
asset	impahla
assets	izimpahla
asshole	i-asshole
assign	wabela
assignee	assignee
assignment	isabelo
assimilate	faka
assimilation	ukufana
assist	ukusiza
assistance	usizo
assistant	umsizi
associate	umhlobo
association	inhlangano
assorted	ihambisana
assortment	i-assortment
assuage	ukukhishwa
assume	cabanga
assumed	kucatshangwa
assuming	ukucabanga
assumption	ukucabanga
assurance	isiqinisekiso
assure	qinisekisa
assured	uqiniseke
assuredly	ngokuqinisekile
asterisk	i-asterisk
asteroid	asteroid
asteroids	asteroids
asthma	i-asthma
asthmatic	i-asthmatic
astigmatism	astigmatism
astonish	mangala
astonished	wamangala
astonishing	emangalisa
astonishingly	NO TRANSLATION
astonishment	ukumangala
astound	amazing
astral	astral
astray	astray
astringent	astringent
astrologer	isazi sezinkanyezi
astrology	ukubhula ngezinkanyezi
astronaut	astronaut
astronomer	isazi sezinkanyezi
astronomical	izinkanyezi
astronomy	i-astronomy
astute	ohlakaniphile
asunder	hlukana
asylum	ukukhoseliswa
asymmetric	i-asymmetric
asymmetry	i-asymmetry
asymptotic	asymptotic
atelier	i-atelier
atheism	ukungakholelwa kuNkulunkulu
atheist	ungakholelwa kuNkulunkulu
atheistic	abangakholelwa kuNkulunkulu
atherosclerosis	i-atherosclerosis
athlete	umgijimi
athletic	i-athletic
athleticism	ukugijima
athletics	i-athletics
atlas	i-Atlas
atmosphere	umkhathi
atmospheric	emkhathini
atoll	i-atoll
atom	i-athomu
atomic	i-athomu
atone	kuhlaselwa
atonement	ukubuyisana
atpeace	i-atpeace
atrium	i-atrium
atrocious	unesihluku
atrocity	inrocity
atrophy	i-atrophy
attach	Namathisela
attached	ifakwe
attachment	okunamathiselwe
attack	ukuhlasela
attacker	umhlaseli
attacking	ukuhlaselwa
attain	ukuthola
attainable	kufinyeleleka
attainment	ukutholakala
attempt	zama
attempted	uzame
attend	khona
attendance	ukufika
attendant	isikhonzi
attention	qaphela
attentionseeker	NO TRANSLATION
attentionseekers	NO TRANSLATION
attentive	ngokucophelela
attenuate	hlonipha
attenuated	unqanyuliwe
attenuation	ukunakekelwa
attest	ukufakazela
attestation	ubufakazi
attic	i-attic
attire	izingubo
attitude	isimo sengqondo
attorney	ummeli
attract	ukuheha
attraction	ukukhanga
attractive	ekhangayo
attractiveness	ukuheha
attributable	kubangelwa
attribute	imfanelo
attribution	isenzo
attrition	umzila
auburn	auburn
auction	auction
auctioneer	umthengisi
audacious	abacindezelayo
audacity	ukuziphendulela
audible	ezwakalayo
audience	izilaleli
audio	umsindo
audit	ukuhlolwa
audition	ukuhlolwa
auditions	ukuhlolwa kwamabhuku
auditor	umcwaningi wamabhuku
auditorium	indawo yokulala
auditory	ukuhlola
aught	okungenjalo
augment	ukungeza
augmentation	ukungenelela
august	Agasti
aunt	unina
auntie	u-anti
aura	aura
aurora	i-aurora
auspices	ama-auspices
auspicious	auspicious
austere	austere
austerity	ukungahambi kahle
authentic	okuyiqiniso
authenticate	qinisekisa
authentication	ukuqinisekiswa
authenticity	ubuqiniso
author	umbhali
authoritative	igunya
authority	igunya
authorization	ukugunyazwa
authorize	vumela
authorized	igunyaziwe
authorship	ukubhala
autism	i-autism
autistic	autistic
auto	auto
autobiographical	i-autobiographical
autobiography	i-autobiography
autocorrect	i-autocorrect
autocratic	ngokwemvelo
autograph	i-autograph
autographed	i-autographed
automated	i-automated
automatic	okuzenzakalelayo
automobile	imoto
automotive	izimoto
autonomy	ukuzimela
autopilot	i-autopilot
autopsy	i-autopsy
autumn	ekwindla
auxiliary	abasizayo
avail	uthola
availability	ukutholakala
available	iyatholakala
avalanche	i-avalanche
avarice	i-avarice
avatar	avatar
avenge	impindiselo
avenger	umphindiseli
avenging	ukuphindisela
avenue	avenue
aver	NO TRANSLATION
average	isilinganiso
aversation	NO TRANSLATION
averse	averse
averseness	NO TRANSLATION
aversion	ukuphikisa
avert	vula
aviary	i-aviary
aviation	ukuhamba kwezindiza
aviator	i-aviator
avid	avid
avocado	ukwatapheya
avoid	gwema
avoidance	ukugwema
avoiding	ukugwema
await	linda
awake	vuka
awaken	vusa
awakening	ukuvusa
award	umklomelo
awards	imiklomelo
aware	uyazi
awareness	ukuqwashisa
awe	NO TRANSLATION
awed	ihlehlisiwe
awesome	esabekayo
awesomeness	ubuhle
awestruck	ukuhlukunyezwa
awful	kubi
awkward	okungahambi kahle
awkwardness	ukungaboni kahle
awning	ukukhwabanisa
awry	awry
axe	imbazo
axial	axial
axiom	axiom
axiomatic	axiomatic
axis	i-axis
axle	i-axle
ay	ay
aye	aye
azimuth	azimuth
azure	i-azure
babble	babble
babbling	ukubambaza
babe	umntwana
baboon	ubhontshisi
baby	umntwana
babysit	babysit
babysitter	babysitter
baccalaureate	i-baccalaureate
baccarat	i-baccarat
bachelor	ubhedu
bachelorette	bachelorette
back	emuva
backboard	i-backboard
backbone	i-backbone
backdoor	umnyango ongemuva
backdrop	okwasemuva
backer	umsekeli
backfire	buyela emuva
backgammon	i-backgammon
background	isizinda
backhand	i-backhand
backhoe	i-backhoe
backoff	u-backoff
backpack	i-backpack
backpacker	i-backpacker
backroom	i-backroom
backseat	ngemuva
backside	emuva
backtrack	ukubuyela emuva
backup	isipele
backward	emuva
backwardness	ukubuyela emuva
backwards	emuva
backwater	emuva kwamanzi
backwoods	backwoods
backyard	ngasemuva
bacon	i-Bacon
bacteria	amabhaktheriya
bacterial	amabhaktheriya
bacterium	ibhaktheriya
bad	kubi
badass	badass
badday	NO TRANSLATION
badfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
badge	ibheji
badger	amabheji
badhabit	NO TRANSLATION
badly	kabi
badness	ububi
baffle	baffle
baffled	baxhunyiwe
bag	isikhwama
bagel	bagel
baggage	Umthwalo
baggie	baggie
baggy	isikhwama
bagman	bagman
bagpipes	amabhpipes
bail	ibheyili
bailiff	umsizi wesikhonzi senkantolo
bait	bait
bake	bhaka
bakery	ibhakede
baking	ukupheka
bal	NO TRANSLATION
balance	ibhalansi
balanced	ukulinganisela
balcony	ibhaluni
bald	i-bald
balding	i-balding
baldy	baldy
bale	bale
balk	balk
ball	ibhola
ballad	i-ballad
ballast	i-ballast
ballerina	i-ballerina
ballet	i-ballet
ballgame	i-ballgame
ballistic	i-ballistic
ballistics	i-ballistics
balloon	ibhaluni
ballot	ukuvota
ballpark	i-ballpark
ballplayer	i-ballplayer
ballpoint	ibhola
ballroom	ibhola
ballsy	ballsy
balm	i-balm
balmy	kuhle
balsam	ibhalsamu
balsamic	ibhalsamu
bam	bam
bamboo	i-bamboo
ban	NO TRANSLATION
banana	ibhanana
band	ibhande
bandage	ibhande
bandanna	bandana
bandit	i-bandit
bandstand	i-bandstand
bandwagon	i-bandwagon
bandwidth	umkhawulokudonsa
bane	bane
bang	bang
banger	banger
banish	baxoshe
banished	isusiwe
banishment	ukuxoshwa
banister	umbhikishi
banjo	banjo
bank	ibhange
banker	ibhange
banking	ibhange
bankroll	i-bankroll
bankrupt	ukuphazamiseka
bankruptcy	ukuphazamiseka
banner	ibhanna
banquet	idili
banshee	banshee
banter	ibhanter
banzai	NO TRANSLATION
baptism	ubhapathizo
baptismal	ukubhapathizwa
baptize	bhapathiza
bar	ibha
barb	ibha
barbarian	umfokazi
barbaric	u-barbaric
barbarism	u-barbarism
barbecue	ibhaja
barbed	i-barbed
barber	i-barber
barbershop	Indawo yokugunda izinwele
barbie doll	i-barbie doll
bard	bard
bare	avulekile
bareback	i-bareback
barefoot	izibopho ezingenamikhono
barely	kancane
barf	NO TRANSLATION
bargain	ukuxoxisana
bargaining	ukuxoxisana
barge	ibhaji
baritone	i-baritone
barium	i-barium
bark	ibhakede
barkeep	i-barkeep
barks	uyabamba
barley	ibhali
barmaid	i-barmaid
barman	i-barman
barn	ibhaja
barnacle	indawo yokugcina
barney	i-barney
barnyard	i-barnyard
barometer	i-barometer
baron	i-baron
baroness	i-baroness
baroque	baroque
barrack	i-barrack
barracuda	i-barracuda
barrage	i-barrage
barred	kuvinjelwe
barrel	umgqomo
barren	i-barren
barricade	ibhajethi
barrier	umgoqo
barring	ukuvimbela
barrister	u-barrister
barroom	i-barroom
barrow	ibha
bartender	i-bartender
barter	ukuvala
base	isisekelo
baseball	baseball
baseball bat	baseball bat
baseboard	i-baseboard
baseless	ezingenasisekelo
baseline	isisekelo
baseman	baseman
basement	phansi
bases	izisekelo
bash	bash
bashful	bashful
basic	eziyisisekelo
basics	eziyisisekelo
basil	basil
basilica	isonto
basin	ibhasi
basis	isisekelo
bask	bask
basket	ibhasikidi
basketball	basketball
bass	bass
bass guitar	i-bass guitar
basso	NO TRANSLATION
bassoon	i-bassoon
bastard	Udoti
bastarding	ukukhwabanisa
bastards	bastards
bastion	isisekelo
bat	bat
batch	ibhethri
batching	ukubetha
bate	NO TRANSLATION
bath	ukugeza
bathe	hlamba
bathhouse	bathhouse
bathing	ukugeza
bathrobe	i-bathrobe
bathroom	indlu yokugezela
bathtub	ibhuloho
bathymetry	i-bathymetry
baton	i-baton
battalion	ibuthoni
batter	batter
battered	bahlushwa
battering	ukushaya
battery	ibhetri
battle	impi
battled	ukulwa
battlefield	ibutho lempi
battleground	indawo yokulwa
battlements	impi
battleship	ukulwa
batty	batty
bauble	bauble
bawdy	bawdy
bawl	bawl
bay	bay
bayonet	i-bayonet
bayou	bayou
bazaar	i-bazaar
bazooka	bazooka
bday	bday
be	be
beach	ibhishi
beaches	amabhishi
beacon	ibhakoni
bead	ubhontshisi
beading	ukushaya
beads	ubuhlalu
beady	beady
beagle	beagle
beak	ibhulogi
beaker	beaker
beam	ibhulogi
beaming	ukugcoba
bean	ibhontshisi
beanbag	i-beanbag
beanie	beanie
bear	ibhere
bearable	ukuthwala
beard	intshebe
bearded	ubhontshisi
bearer	umphathi
bearing	ukuthwala
bearings	ukubheja
bearish	bearish
bearskin	i-bearskin
beast	isilo
beastly	izilwane
beat	shaya
beaten	washaywa
beater	ibhontshisi
beating	ukushaya
beatnik	i-beatnik
beau	kuhle
beautification	ubuhle
beautiful	kuhle
beautify	kuhle
beauty	ubuhle
beaver	i-beaver
bebop	bebop
beck	i-beck
beckon	beckon
become	babe
bed	umbhede
bedding	ukulala
bedpan	i-bedpan
bedrock	i-bedrock
bedroom	ekamelweni lokulala
bedside	umbhede
bedspread	ukubhekwa
bedtime	isikhathi sokulala
bee	izinyosi
beef	yenkomo
beefsteak	beefsteak
beehive	i-beehive
beep	i-beep
beeper	i-beeper
beer	ubhiya
bees	izinyosi
beeswax	i-bex
beetle	ibhungane
befall	ihlela
befitting	kufanelekile
befriend	ube umngane wami
befuddled	befuddled
beg	thandaza
beggar	umphenyi
begging	ukucela
begin	qala
beginner	isiqalo
beginning	kuqala
beginnings	ukuqala
begrudge	intukuthelo
begun	iqalile
behappy	NO TRANSLATION
behave	ziphathe
behavior	ukuziphatha
behavioral	ukuziphatha
behemoth	behemoth
behest	khumula
behold	bheka
beholden	bheka
beholder	bheka
beige	beige
belated	ukukhishwa
belay	belay
belch	ibhande
belief	inkolelo
believable	ikholelwa
believe	kholwa
believed	bakholwa
believer	ikholwa
believing	ukukholwa
belittle	nciphisa
belittled	ukuhlukumeza
bell	bell
bellboy	bellboy
bellhop	i-bellhop
belligerent	ukulwa
bellman	bellman
bellow	i-bellow
bellows	i-bellows
belly	isisu
bellybutton	inkaba
bellyful	isisu
belong	kungokwakhe
belongings	izinto
beloved	othandekayo
belt	ibhande
beluga	beluga
bemused	bemused
bench	ibhentshi
bend	bend
bender	bender
bending	ukugoba
beneath	ngaphansi
benedictory	benedictory
benefactor	umsizi
beneficial	inzuzo
beneficiary	umzuzi
benefit	bazuze
benevolence	ububele
benevolent	unesihawu
benign	benign
bent	bent
benzene	benzene
bequeath	bequeath
bequest	bequest
bereaved	ususiwe
bereavement	ukushonelwa
bereft	ukushonelwa
beret	i-beret
bergamot	i-bergamot
berlin	Berlin
berserk	i-berserk
berth	u-berth
beryllium	i-beryllium
beseech	sicela
beset	ukushaya
bestdayever	bestdayever
bestfeeling	kahle
bestfriends	abangani bangempela
bestial	isineke
besties	besties
bestow	i-bestow
bestseller	okuhamba phambili
bet	ukubheja
beta	i-beta
betray	ukunikela
betrayal	ukukhashelwa
betrayed	ekhonjisiwe
betrothed	betrothed
betterment	ngcono
betting	ukubheja
betty	betty
bevel	i-bevel
beverage	isiphuzo
bevy	bevy
beware	qaphela
bewilder	ukudilika
bewildered	bajabule
bewilderment	ukuphazamiseka
bias	ukuthanda
biased	ukuhleleka
bib	ib
bible	iBhayibheli
biblical	iBhayibheli
bibliography	i-bibliography
bicarbonate	i-bicarbonate
bicentennial	bicentennial
biceps	biceps
bicker	bicker
bickering	ukuphikisana
bicolor	i-bicolor
bicycle	ibhayisikili
bid	ibhidi
bidder	umthengisi
bidding	ibhidi
bide	NO TRANSLATION
biennial	biennial
bier	NO TRANSLATION
bifurcation	i-bifurcation
big	big
bigamy	i-bigamy
bigday	bigday
biggestfear	NO TRANSLATION
biggie	biggie
bighorn	bighorn
bigmouth	bigmouth
bigot	i-bigot
bigoted	kukhulu
bigotry	ukuhlukumezeka
bike	ibhayisikili
biker	ibhayisikili
bikini	bikini
bilateral	amazwe amabili
bilayer	i-bilayer
bile	bile
bilge	i-bilge
bilingual	izilimi ezimbili
bill	isikweletu
billboard	ibhilidibhodi
billet	billet
billiard	ibhilididi
billiards	amabhilididi
billing	ukukhokha
billion	izigidigidi
billionaire	ibhiliyoni
billy	billy
bimbo	bimbo
bimonthly	bimonthly
bin	bin
binary	binary
bind	bopha
binder	binder
bindery	ukuhlanganiswa
binding	ukubopha
bing	i-bing
binge	ukuzitika
bingo	ibhayisikili
binocular	amabhayisikili
binoculars	ama-binoculars
binomial	binomial
bio	bio
biochemical	i-biochemical
biochemist	i-biochemist
biochemistry	i-biochemistry
biogenesis	i-biogenesis
biographer	umlando wezinto eziphilayo
biography	biography
biological	eziphilayo
biologist	isazi sezinto eziphilayo
biology	biology
bionic	bionic
biopsy	i-biopsy
biosphere	i-biosphere
bipartite	i-bipartite
bipolar	i-bipolar
birch	birch
bird	inyoni
birdcage	izinyoni
birdie	birdie
birdman	inyoni
birth	ukuzalwa
birthday	usuku lokuzalwa
birthing	birthing
birthmark	indawo yokuzalwa
birthplace	indawo yokuzalwa
birthright	ilungelo lokuzalwa
bis	NO TRANSLATION
biscuit	ibhisikidi
bisexual	abesilisa nabesifazane
bishop	umbhishobhi
bison	i-bison
bisque	i-bisque
bistro	ibistro
bit	kancane
bitch	i-bitch
bitchy	i-bitchy
bite	luma
biter	NO TRANSLATION
bitsy	bitsy
bitter	okubabayo
bitterly	buhlungu
bitterness	ukufutheka
bittersweet	ibuhlungu
bitty	kancane
bitumen	ibhitumini
biweekly	bakheekly
biz	i-biz
bizarre	okungaqondakali
blab	i-blab
blabbermouth	blabbermouth
black	omnyama
black snake	inyoka emnyama
blackberry	i-blackberry
blackbird	blackbird
blackboard	ibhodi
blacken	mnyama
blackface	blackface
blackjack	blackjack
blacklist	uhlu lwabantu abamnyama
blackmail	ukuxoshwa
blackmailer	i-blackmailer
blackness	ubumnyama
blackout	umnyama
blacksmith	umkhandi
bladder	isambiso
blade	i-blade
blame	icala
blameless	abangenacala
bland	bland
blank	kungenalutho
blanket	ingubo
blare	share
blase	NO TRANSLATION
blasphemous	uhlambalaza
blasphemy	ukuhlambalaza
blast	ukuqhuma
blaster	i-blaster
blastoff	ukuqhuma
blatant	okucacile
blather	bhala
blaze	shisa
blazer	i-blazer
blazing	ukushisa
bleach	i-bleach
bleak	i-bleak
bleed	ukuphuma
bleeder	i-bleeder
bleeding	ukuphuma
bleep	bleep
blemish	isici
blemished	i-blemished
blend	ukuhlanganiswa
blender	blender
blending	ukuxuba
bless	ubusise
blessed	ubusisiwe
blessing	isibusiso
blessings	izibusiso
bleu	i-blue
blight	ukulimaza
blighted	kuphazamisekile
blimp	blimp
blind	oyimpumputhe
blinded	waphuphuthekiswa
blindfold	i-blindfold
blindfolded	ziboshwe amehlo
blinding	ukuphuphuthekisa
blindly	ngephutha
blindness	ubumpumputhe
blink	blink
blip	blip
bliss	bliss
blissful	ijabule
blister	i-blister
blistering	ukuphumula
blitz	i-blitz
blizzard	ibhilididi
bloat	vula
bloated	ivuliwe
blob	vula
block	vimba
blockade	ukuvimbela
blockage	ukuvimba
blockbuster	blockbuster
blockhead	i-blockhead
blog	ibhulogi
bloke	vula
blond	blond
blonde	blonde
blood	igazi
bloodbath	igazi
bloodhound	igazihound
bloodless	ngaphandle kwegazi
bloodline	i-bloodline
bloodshed	ukuchithwa kwegazi
bloodshot	igazi
bloodstream	igazi
bloodthirsty	igazi
bloody	igazi
bloom	ziyaqhakaza
bloomers	Bloomers
blooming	ukukhula
blossom	ziqhakaza
blot	vula
blotched	ivaliwe
blotter	i-blotter
blouse	blouse
blow	ukushaya
blower	i-blower
blowfish	i-blowfish
blowing	ukushaya
blowjob	i-blowjob
blown	ipholile
blowout	ukushaya
blowtorch	i-blowtorch
blubber	i-blubber
bluddy	bluddy
blue	blue
blue spruce	i-spruce eluhlaza okwesibhakabhaka
blueberry	amajingijolo
bluebird	bluebird
bluegrass	i-bluegrass
bluejay	bluejay
blueprint	isakhiwo
blues	blues
bluff	bluff
bluish	bluish
blunder	iphutha
blunt	okungaqondile
blur	i-blur
blurred	iphukile
blurry	kufaka
blurt	i-blurt
blush	buso
blushing	blushing
boa	NO TRANSLATION
boa constrictor	NO TRANSLATION
boar	i-boar
board	ibhodi
board game	umdlalo we Bhodi
boarder	NO TRANSLATION
boarding	ukugibela
boardroom	i-boardroom
boards	amabhodi
boardwalk	i-boardwalk
boast	ziqhayise
boastful	ukuziqhenya
boasting	ukuziqhayisa
boat	isikebhe
boathouse	i-boathouse
boating	isikebhe
boatload	ukulayisha umkhumbi
boatman	isikebhe
bobbin	i-bobbin
bobcat	bobcat
bobsled	bobsled
bode	bode
bodega	bodega
bodice	umzimba
bodily	ngokomzimba
body	umzimba
bodyguard	umlondolozi
bog	ibhokisi
bogey	i-bogey
bogeyman	i-bogeyman
bogus	bukhohlisayo
bohemian	i-bohemian
boil	ubilise
boiler	ibhuyili
boilerplate	i-boilerplate
boiling	abilayo
boisterous	isiyaluyalu
bold	ngesibindi
boldness	isibindi
bollocks	bollocks
bolster	isibindi
bolt	i-bolt
bolus	i-bolus
bomb	ibhomu
bombard	ibhomu
bombardier	bombardier
bombardment	ibhomu lokubhubhisa
bombed	ibhomu
bomber	ibhomu
bombers	amabhomu
bombing	ukuqhuma kwamabhomu
bombshell	ibhomu
bonanza	bonanza
bonbon	NO TRANSLATION
bond	isibopho
bondage	ubugqila
bonding	ukubopha
bonds	izibopho
bondsman	umgqila
bone	amathambo
bonehead	bonehead
boner	boner
bones	amathambo
bonfire	umlilo
bong	bong
bonkers	amabhonkers
bonne	NO TRANSLATION
bonnet	ibhonethi
bonny	bonny
bonsai	bonsai
bonus	ibhonasi
bony	bony
boo	boo
boob	i-boob
booby	booby
booger	i-booger
boogeyman	i-boogeyman
boogie	boogie
book	incwadi
bookcase	ibhukwana
bookie	i-bookie
booking	ukubhuka
bookish	bhala
bookkeeper	umgcini wezincwadi
bookkeeping	ukugcinwa kwamabhuku
booklet	incwajana
bookmaker	ubhuki
bookmark	ibhukumaka
books	izincwadi
bookseller	umthengisi
bookshop	i-bookshop
bookstore	isitolo sezincwadi
bookworm	i-bookworm
boom	i-boom
boomer	i-boomer
boomerang	boomerang
booming	ukukhula
boon	i-boon
boooo	NO TRANSLATION
boost	ukuqinisa
booster	isikhuthazo
boot	i-boot
booth	idokodo
bootleg	bootleg
bootlegger	i-bootlegger
boots	amabhuzu
booty	ukuphangwa
booze	ukuphuza
bop	bop
bopper	bopper
border	umngcele
bordering	emngceleni
borderline	umngcele
bore	zithwala
boreal	i-boreal
bored	unesizungu
boredom	isithukuthezi
borer	borer
boring	esithandayo
born	owazalwa
boron	boron
borough	ibhulogi
borrow	ukuboleka
borrower	umboleki
bosom	isifuba
boss	umphathi
bossy	bossy
boston	boston
botanical	i-botanical
botanist	i-botanist
botany	ibhodlela
bother	khathaza
bothering	ukukhathazeka
bottle	ibhodlela
bottleneck	i-bottleneck
bottling	ibhodlela
bottom	phansi
bottomless	okungenasisekelo
botulism	i-botulism
boulder	ibhande
bounce	bounce
bouncer	bouncer
bouncy	bouncy
bound	eboshiwe
boundary	umngcele
boundless	okungenamkhawulo
bounds	imingcele
bountiful	unomvuzo
bounty	bounty
bouquet	isixha
bourbon	i-bourbon
bourgeois	bourgeois
bourgeoisie	bourgeoisie
bourse	ibourse
bout	ukuqeda
boutique	boutique
bouttime	isikhathi sokuqeda
bovine	isifuba
bow	umnsalo
bowed	wakhothama
bowel	isilonda
bowels	amathumbu
bowl	isitsha
bowler	bowler
bowling	bowling
bowls	izitsha
box	ibhokisi
boxcar	ibhasiksi
boxer	ibhokisi
boxers	amabhokisi
boxing	ibhokisi
boy	umfana
boycott	ukuphoqa
boyfriend	isoka
boyhood	umfana
boyish	boyish
boysenberry	boysenberry
bozo	bozo
bra	isib
brace	isongo
bracelet	isongo
braces	amabhande
brachial	brachial
bracket	ibakaki
brackets	amabakaki
brackish	isibindi
brad	isibindi
brag	ziqhayise
braid	isibindi
brain	ubuchopho
brainless	okungenangqondo
brains	ubuchopho
brainstorm	cabanga
brainwash	i-brainwash
brainy	brainy
brake	i-brake
bran	bran
branch	igatsha
branching	ukuhlanganisa
brand	brand
brandy	u-Brandy
brash	isibindi
brass	ithusi
brass knuckle	umkhonto wethusi
brassiere	ibrassiere
brat	brat
bratwurst	NO TRANSLATION
bravado	isibindi
brave	isibindi
bravery	isibindi
brawl	isibhamu
brawn	i-brawn
brazen	ubhedu
breach	ukuphulwa
bread	isinkwa
breadth	ububanzi
break	ukuphuka
breakable	ephukile
breakaway	Phuma
breakdown	ukuphazamiseka
breaker	i-breaker
breakers	abahlukumezi
breakfast	kwasekuseni
breaking and entering	ukuphula nokungena
breakingnews	ukuphumula
breakneck	i-breakneck
breakthrough	ukuphumelela
breakup	hlukana
breast	isifuba
breath	ukuphefumula
breathe	phefumula
breather	i-breather
breathless	ukuphefumula
breathtaking	ukuphefumula
breech	i-breech
breeches	amabhakede
breed	ukuzalwa
breeder	umfuyi
breeding	ukuzala
breeze	umoya oshisayo
breezy	ukuphefumula
brethren	bazalwane
breve	NO TRANSLATION
brevity	ukuphuza
brew	ukuphuza
brewery	i-brewery
brewing	ukuphuza
briar	u-briar
bribe	isifumbathiso
bribery	ukufumbathisa
brick	isitini
bridal	bridal
bride	umakoti
bridegroom	umkhwenyana
bridesmaid	umshayeli womshado
bridge	ibhuloho
bridle	ibhuloho
brief	okufushane
briefcase	isikhwama sebhayisikili
briefing	ukuxoxa
briefly	kafushane
brig	u-brig
brigade	amabutho
bright	elikhanyayo
brighten	kukhanya
brightens	kukhanya
brighter	kukhanya
brightness	ukukhanya
brilliance	ubuhlakani
brilliant	brilliant
brim	brim
brimming	ezinzima
brimstone	isibabule
brine	ibhulashi
bring	ulethe
brink	inkinga
brisk	liphukile
brisket	brisket
bristle	bristle
brittle	brittle
bro	umk
broach	broach
broad	ebanzi
broadcast	ukusakaza
broadcasting	ukusakaza
broaden	yandisa
broadside	isakaza
broadsword	i-broadsword
brocade	i-brocade
broccoli	i-broccoli
brochure	incwajana
broil	shayela
broke	waphula
broken	ephukile
brokenheart	NO TRANSLATION
brokenhearted	aphukile inhliziyo
broker	umthengisi
brokerage	ukuhweba
bromide	i-bromidi
bronco	i-bronco
bronze	ithusi
brooch	i-brooch
brood	i-brood
brooding	ukuxubha
brook	umfula
broom	umshanelo
broomstick	i-broomstick
broth	umhluzi
brothel	i-brothel
brother	umfowethu
brotherhood	ubuzalwane
brotherly	umzalwane
brow	brow
brown	obomvu
brownstone	brownstone
browse	phequlula
brrr	brrr
bruise	ukulimaza
bruising	ukulimaza
brunch	brunch
brunette	brunette
brunt	i-brunt
brush	ibhulashi
brutal	ngesihluku
brutality	ubuqili
brute	ukuhlukumezeka
brutish	ngobuqili
bubble	bubble
bubbling	ukuqhuma
bubbly	bubbly
bubonic	i-bubonic
buck	buck
buckaroo	buckaroo
bucket	ibhakede
buckle	buckle
buckled	ziboshwe
bucko	bucko
buckshot	i-buckshot
buckwheat	ibhakede
bud	ihlumela
buddha	i-Buddha
buddhism	ubuBuddha
buddhist	i-Buddhist
budding	ukuhluma
buddy	buddy
budge	budge
budget	isabelomali
buff	i-buff
buffalo	i-buffalo
buffer	i-buffer
buffering	buffering
buffet	i-buffet
buffoon	buffoon
bug	bug
bugaboo	bugaboo
bugged	bugged
bugger	i-bugger
buggy	buggy
bugle	bugle
bugler	bugler
build	ukwakha
builder	umakhi
building	ukwakha
buildings	izakhiwo
buildup	Yakha
bulb	i-bulb
bulbous	i-bulbous
bulge	i-bulge
bulimic	bulimic
bulk	inqwaba
bulkhead	i-bulkhead
bulky	bulky
bull	inkunzi
bulldog	bulldog
bulldozer	i-bulldozer
bullet	ibhulogi
bulletin	umbiko
bulletproof	ibhulogi
bullfighter	i-bullfighter
bullfrog	i-bullfrog
bullheaded	izinkunzi zezinkunzi
bullhorn	i-bullhorn
bullion	bullion
bullock	inkunzi
bullpen	i-bullpen
bullshit	i-bullshit
bully	ukuxhaphaza
bulwark	ibhulogi
bum	bum
bumblebee	bumblebee
bummed	i-bummed
bummer	i-bummer
bump	bump
bumper	i-bumper
bumpy	bumpy
bun	NO TRANSLATION
bunch	bunch
bundle	isikhwama
bungalow	bungalow
bungee	bungee
bunghole	bunghole
bunion	bunion
bunk	bunk
bunker	bunker
bunkhouse	bunkhouse
bunny	bunny
bunt	bunt
buoy	buoy
buoyancy	buoyancy
buoyant	buoyant
bur	ibhu
burden	umthwalo
burdened	unzima
burdensome	umthwalo
bureau	ihhovisi
bureaucracy	i-bureaucracy
bureaucrat	i-bureaucrat
bureaucratic	ezibucayi
burger	umqashi
burglar	ibhulogi
burglary	ukugqekeza
burial	kungcwatshwa
buried	wangcwatshwa
burke	burke
burlap	i-burlap
burlesque	burlesque
burly	burly
burn	ukushisa
burned	bashiswe
burner	ukushisa
burning	ukushisa
burnished	sishiswe
burnout	ukushisa
burnt	ukushiswa
burp	i-burp
burr	burr
burrito	burrito
burro	NO TRANSLATION
burrow	umcibisholo
bursary	ibhasari
burst	kuqhuma
bury	kungcwaba
bus	ibhasi
busboy	ibhasi
bush	isihlahla
bushel	ibheyili
bushy	i-bushy
business	ibhizinisi
business man	NO TRANSLATION
businessman	ibhizinisi
businesswoman	usomabhizinisi wesifazane
busload	ukulayisha ibhasi
buss	buss
bust	ukudubula
busted	busted
buster	i-buster
bustle	kuqhuma
bustling	ehamba phambili
busy	umatasa
busybody	uhamba phambili
butane	butane
butcher	ukuhlaba inyama
butler	ibhotela
butt	butt
butter	ibhotela
buttercup	buttercup
butterfly	butterfly
buttermilk	ibhotela
butterscotch	i-butterscotch
buttery	ibhethri
buttock	i-buttock
buttocks	izintambo
button	inkinobho
buttress	i-buttress
buxom	buxom
buy	Thenga
buyer	umthengi
buying	ukuthenga
buzz	buzz
buzzard	i-buzzard
buzzed	buzzed
buzzer	buzzer
buzzing	buzzing
bye	bahle
bygone	senzeke
bylaw	umthetho
byline	beka
bypass	i-bypass
bystander	ummeli
byte	i-byte
byzantine	i-byzantine
cab	i-cab
cabal	i-cabal
cabana	cabana
cabaret	cabaret
cabbage	iklabishi
cabbie	cabbie
cabernet	i-cabernet
cabin	ikamelo
cabinet	iKhabhinethi
cable	ikhebula
caboodle	i-caboodle
caboose	i-caboose
cabriolet	i-cabriolet
cache	isilondolozi
cacophony	cacophony
cactus	i-cactus
cad	i-cad
cadaver	i-cadaver
caddie	NO TRANSLATION
caddy	i-caddy
cadence	i-cadence
cadet	i-cadet
cafe	cafe
cafeteria	yokudlela
caffeine	i-caffeine
cage	i-cage
cagey	i-cagey
cahoots	ama-cahoots
cairn	cairn
cake	ikhekhe
cakewalk	cakewalk
calamari	calamari
calamitous	inhlekelele
calamity	inhlekelele
calcareous	calcareous
calcium	i-calcium
calculate	bala
calculated	ibalwa
calculating	ukubala
calculation	ukubalwa
calculator	wokubala
calculus	i-calculus
calendar	ikhalenda
calender	NO TRANSLATION
calf	ithole
caliber	ukulinganisa
calibrate	calibrate
calico	calico
calipers	abathengisi
calisthenics	i-calisthenics
call	shayela
callback	shaya ucingo futhi
caller	umshayeli
calligraphy	i-calligraphy
calling	ukubiza
callous	ungenangqondo
calls	izingcingo
calm	ezolile
calming	ukupholisa
calmness	ukuzola
caloric	ikhalori
calorie	ikhalori
calorimeter	i-calorimeter
cam	cam
camaraderie	ukulingana
camber	ikhamera
camcorder	camcorder
camel	ikamela
cameo	kufika
camera	ikhamera
cameraman	ikhamera
camisole	camisole
camouflage	ukufihla
camouflaged	NO TRANSLATION
camp	ikamu
campaign	umkhankaso
campaigner	umkhankaso
campaigning	ukukhankasa
camper	ikhamera
campfire	umlilo wekhamera
camping	ikamu
campsite	amakamu
campus	campus
can	kungaba
can opener	kungaba ukuvula
canal	umsele
canary	i-canary
cancel	khansela
canceling	ukukhansela
cancellation	ukukhansela
cancer	umdlavuza
candid	u-candid
candidacy	ukhetho
candidate	u-candidate
candied	candied
candle	ikhandlela
candlelight	ukukhanya kwekhandlela
candles	amakhandlela
candlestick	ikhandlela lamakhandlela
candor	i-candor
candy	candy
cane	umoba
canine	i-canine
canister	i-canister
canker	i-canker
cannabis	i-cannabis
canned	ekheniwe
cannibal	i-cannibal
cannibalism	ukubulawa komuntu
canning	ukukhansela
cannon	i-cannon
cannonball	i-cannonball
canoe	isikebhe
canon	i-canon
canonical	i-canonical
canons	amathoni
canopy	i-canopy
cantaloupe	ikhathalophu
cantbreathe	NO TRANSLATION
canteen	i-canteen
canterbury	i-canterbury
canthandleit	NO TRANSLATION
cantilever	cantilever
cantina	cantina
canto	NO TRANSLATION
canton	i-canton
cantstandit	NO TRANSLATION
cantwin	cantwin
canvas	ingubo
canvass	NO TRANSLATION
canyon	canyon
cap	i-cap
capability	amandla
capable	uyakwazi
capacity	amandla
cape	cape
caper	i-caper
capillary	capillary
capital	inhloko
capitalism	i-capitalism
capitalist	capitalist
capitalize	yenza imali
capitals	izihloko
capitation	ukuthunjwa
capitol	capitol
capitulation	ukuthunjwa
cappuccino	i-cappuccino
caprice	caprice
capricious	okungenangqondo
caps	ama-caps
capslock	i-CAPS Lock
capsule	i-capsule
captain	induna
caption	amazwibela
captivate	captivate
captivating	okuthakazelisayo
captive	ukuthunjwa
captivity	ukuthunjwa
captor	i-captor
capture	bamba
car	imoto
caramel	i-caramel
carat	i-carat
caravan	ikhamera
carbon	i-carbon
carburetor	i-carburetor
carcass	isidumbu
carcinoma	i-carcinoma
card	ikhadi
cardboard	amakhadibhodi
cardiac	inhliziyo
cardigan	i-cardigan
cardinal	amakhadikhadi
cardiologist	i-cardiologist
cardiology	i-cardiology
cardiomyopathy	i-cardiomyopathy
cards	amakhadi
care	ukunakekelwa
career	umsebenzi
carefree	angakhathazeki
careful	qaphela
carefully	ngokucophelela
careless	abangenandaba
carelessness	ukunganaki
caress	caress
caret	ukunakekelwa
caretaker	umnakekeli
cargo	imoto
caribou	caribou
caricature	i-caricature
caries	caries
caring	ukunakekela
carjack	imoto
carnage	ukubulala
carnal	zenyama
carnation	i-carnation
carnival	imikhosi
carnivorous	abanomdla
carol	i-carol
carols	i-carols
carousel	i-carousel
carp	i-carp
carpal	i-carpal
carpenter	umbazi
carpentry	ukubazi
carpet	ikhabethe
carpeting	i-carpeting
carpool	i-carpool
carriage	imoto
carried	ithathwe
carrier	othwala
carrot	isaqathe
carry	ukuthwala
carrying	ukuthwala
carsick	izimoto
cart	inqola
carte	NO TRANSLATION
cartel	i-cartel
carter	i-carter
cartilage	i-cartilage
cartographic	i-cartographic
cartography	i-cartography
carton	i-carton
cartoon	i-cartoon
cartouche	NO TRANSLATION
cartridge	i-cartridge
carve	i-carve
carver	umdwebi
carving	ukudweba
cascade	ihlasele
case	icala
casein	i-casein
cash	ukheshi
cashier	i-cashier
cashmere	cashmere
casing	ukukhwabanisa
casino	ikhasino
cask	i-cask
casket	ikhakethi
casserole	casserole
cassette	ikhasethi
cast	waphonswa
castaway	Lahla
caste	i-caste
caster	i-caster
castle	inqaba
castor	umculi
castrate	i-castrate
castration	ukuxoshwa
casual	okuvamile
casually	ngokuzenzekelayo
casualty	ukulimala
cat	ikati
catabolism	i-catabolism
catalog	ikhathalogu
catalogue	ikhathalogu
catalysis	catalysis
catalyst	i-catalyst
catalytic	catalytic
catamaran	i-catamaran
catapult	i-catapult
cataract	i-cataract
catastrophe	inhlekelele
catastrophic	inhlekelele
catatonic	i-catatonic
catch	ukubamba
catcher	umthengisi
catching	ukubamba
catchphrase	i-catchphrase
catchy	ukubamba
catechism	ukatekisimu
categorical	ngezigaba
category	isigaba
cater	cater
caterer	umthengisi
caterpillar	i-caterpillar
cates	i-cates
catfish	inhlanzi eyikati
cathartic	i-cathartic
cathedral	isonto lesonto
catheter	i-catheter
catholic	ikatolika
cathouse	cathouse
catnip	i-catnip
cattle	izinkomo
catwalk	catwalk
caucus	i-caucus
caudal	caudal
cauldron	i-cauldron
cauliflower	ukholifulawa
caulk	caulk
causal	causal
causality	umphumela
causation	ibangela
cause	imbangela
caused	kubangelwe
causeway	umgwaqo
caution	uqaphele
cautionary	ukuxwayisa
cautious	qaphela
cautiously	ngokucophelela
cavalier	umqhubi
cavalry	amahhashi
cave	umhume
caveat	i-caveat
caveman	i-caveman
cavern	i-cavern
cavernous	cavernous
caviar	caviar
caving	caving
cavity	isikhala
cayenne	cayenne
cease	yeka
ceasefire	ukuqeda umlilo
ceaseless	engapheli
cedar	umsedari
cede	cede
ceiling	ukuphahleni
celebrant	ukugubha
celebrate	gubha
celebrated	kugubha
celebrating	ukugubha
celebration	ukugubha
celebrations	imikhosi
celebratory	ukugubha
celebrity	udumo
celery	isilimo esinamagatsha anamanzi
celestial	esezulwini
celibacy	u-celibacy
celibate	qeda
cell	iseli
cellar	i-cellar
cellblock	i-cellblock
cellist	cellist
cellmate	faka
cello	i-cello
cellophane	i-cellophane
cellular	amaselula
cellulite	cellulite
celluloid	i-celluloid
cement	usimende
cemented	iqinisekiswe
cemetery	amathuna
censor	censor
censorship	ukucwaninga
censure	ukugxekwa
census	ukubalwa kwabantu
cent	ikhulu
centenary	ikhulu leminyaka
centennial	iminyaka eyikhulu
center	phakathi
centerfold	ukufaka phakathi
centerpiece	isikhungo sendawo
centimeter	centimeter
centipede	centipede
central	phakathi
centrality	ubukhulu
centralization	centralization
centralize	i-centralize
centrally	ngaphakathi
centrifugal	centrifugal
centrifuge	centrifuge
centurion	centurion
century	ikhulu leminyaka
ceramic	i-ceramic
ceramics	i-ceramics
cereal	okusanhlamvu
cereals	okusanhlamvu
cerebral	i-cerebral
ceremonial	imikhosi
ceremony	umkhosi
certain	ezithile
certainty	ukuqiniseka
certifiable	okuqinisekisiwe
certificate	isitifiketi
certified	iqinisekisiwe
certify	qinisekisa
cervical	umlomo wesibeletho
cervix	umlomo wesibeletho
cess	cess
cessation	ukuyeka
cesspool	cesspool
cha cha	NO TRANSLATION
chaff	umquba
chafing	ukushayela
chagrin	ukucasuka
chagrined	ukuhlushwa
chai	NO TRANSLATION
chain	chain
chainsaw	chainsaw
chair	isihlalo
chairman	usihlalo
chairperson	usihlalo
chairwoman	usihlalo
chaise	chaise
chalet	isikebhe
chalice	i-chalice
chalk	isikhombe
challenge	inselelo
challenger	umlingisi
chamber	ikamelo
chambermaid	indodakazikazi
chambers	amakamelo
chameleon	chameleon
champ	isiza
champagne	I-Champagne
champion	iqhawe
championship	ubuqhawe
chance	ithuba
chancellor	chancellor
chandelier	umklami
chandler	umshayeli we-chandler
change	shintsha
changeable	ingashintsha
changed	ushintshe
changer	shintsha
changing	ukushintsha
channel	isiteshi
chant	chant
chaos	i-chaos
chaotic	i-chaotic
chap	isahluko
chapel	isonto
chaperon	i-chaperon
chaplain	umfundisi
chapman	i-chapman
chaps	uhamba
chapter	isahluko
char	char
character	umlingisi
characteristic	isici
characterize	uveza
charade	umdwebo
charcoal	amalahle
chardonnay	i-chardonnay
charge	ukukhokha
chargeable	ukukhokhiswa
charger	ishaja
chariot	inqola
charisma	i-charisma
charismatic	i-charismatic
charitable	isihle
charity	uthando
charlatan	charlatan
charm	charm
charmed	ihlelwe
charmer	umdwebi
charming	okuthakazelisayo
charred	okufakiwe
chart	ishadi
charter	umqulu
chartered	ishadile
chase	baxoshe
chased	ixoshwe
chaser	umshayeli
chasm	umshayeli
chassis	i-chassis
chaste	ehlanzekile
chastened	ijeziswe
chastisement	ukujeziswa
chastity	ubumsulwa
chat	uxoxe
chateau	i-chateau
chatter	ingxoxo
chatterbox	ibhokisi lokuxoxa
chattering	ukuxoxa
chatty	ingxoxo
chauffeur	umshayeli wemoto
chauvinist	chauvinist
cheap	eshibhile
cheapened	eshibhile
cheapskate	eshibhile
cheat	ukukopela
cheater	ukukopela
check	hlola
checkbook	ibhuku lokuhlola
checker	umhloli
checkered	ukuhlolwa
checkers	abahloli
checklist	uhlu lokuhlola
checkmate	hlola
checkout	Hlola
checkpoint	indawo yokuhlola
checkup	ukuhlola
cheek	isifuba
cheeks	izihlathi
cheeky	cheeky
cheep	cheep
cheer	sijabule
cheered	ujabule
cheerful	ujabule
cheerfulness	ukujabula
cheering	ukujabula
cheerleader	i-cheerleader
cheerleading	i-cheerleading
cheerless	unamahloni
cheers	bajabule
cheery	ukuthanda
cheese	ushizi
cheeseburger	u-cheeseburger
cheesecake	i-cheesecake
cheesy	cheesy
cheetah	i-cheetah
chef	umpheki
chemical	amakhemikhali
chemise	NO TRANSLATION
chemist	isazi samakhemikhali
chemistry	amakhemikhali
chemo	chemo
chemotherapy	i-chemotherapy
cheque	hlola
cherish	cherish
cherishing	ukuthanda
cherry	okusamathunduluka
cherub	ikherubi
chess	chess
chest	isifuba
chestnut	i-chestnut
chevron	i-chevron
chew	hlaya
chewy	chewy
chic	chic
chicane	i-chicane
chick	inkukhu
chicken	inyama yenkukhu
chicken pox	inqubulunjwana
chickenpox	inqubulunjwana
chief	induna
chiefly	ngokuyinhloko
chieftain	isikhulu
chiffon	i-chiffon
child	ingane
childbirth	ukubeletha
childhood	ebuntwaneni
childish	ingane
childless	engenabantwana
childlike	njengomntwana
childloss	NO TRANSLATION
children	izingane
chili	i-chili
chill	ukuphosa
chilled	i-chilled
chilling	ukuphosa
chilly	i-chilly
chime	chime
chimera	chimera
chimes	chimes
chimney	chimney
chimp	i-chimp
chimpanzee	izimpukane
chin	isikhumba
china	china
chinchilla	i-chinchilla
chine	NO TRANSLATION
chinook	chinook
chip	chip
chipmunk	chipmunk
chipper	chipper
chipping	ukuphosa
chiropractor	i-chiropractor
chirp	chirp
chirping	i-chirping
chisel	isisel
chiseler	chiseler
chit	chit
chitchat	chitchat
chivalry	i-chivalry
chloride	i-chloride
chlorine	i-chlorine
chloroform	i-chloroform
chocolate	ushokoledi
choice	ukukhetha
choir	i-choir
choke	bamba
cholera	ikholera
cholesterol	i-cholesterol
choose	khetha
choosing	ukukhetha
choosy	ukukhetha
chop	nquma
chopper	chopper
choppers	choppers
chopping	ukuchofoza
chops	i-chops
choral	i-choral
chord	i-chord
chords	izinketho
chore	ukhethe
choreographer	i-choreographer
choreography	okukhethiwe
chorus	i-chorus
chosen	okhethiwe
chow	chow
chowder	chowder
christ	christ
christen	NO TRANSLATION
christening	i-christening
christian	i-christian
christmas	i-christmas
christmasbreak	NO TRANSLATION
christmaseve	NO TRANSLATION
christmasspirit	NO TRANSLATION
christmassy	i-christmassy
christmastime	isikhathi se-christmas
chromatic	chromatic
chromatography	i-chromatography
chrome	chrome
chromium	i-chromium
chromosome	i-chromosome
chronic	okungapheliyo
chronicle	umlando
chronograph	i-chronograph
chronological	ukulandelana kwesikhathi
chubby	chubby
chuck	chuck
chuckle	chuckle
chug	chug
chum	chum
chummy	chummy
chump	i-chump
chunk	chunk
chunky	chunky
church	isonto
churchyard	isonto
churn	churn
chute	chute
chutney	chutney
ciao	ciao
cider	cider
cigar	i-cigar
cigarette	ugwayi
cilantro	cilantro
cinch	cinch
cinder	cinder
cinema	cinema
cinematic	i-cinematic
cinematographer	i-cinematographer
cinematography	cinematography
cinnamon	isinamoni
cipher	cipher
circle	umbuthano
circling	ukujikeleza
circuit	isifunda
circuitry	izifunda
circular	isiyingi
circulate	hamba
circulation	ukusakaza
circulatory	ukujikeleza
circumcision	ukusoka
circumference	umjikelezo
circumferential	ukulandelana
circumscribed	i-circumscribed
circumstance	isimo
circumstances	izimo
circumstantial	okwenzekayo
circumvent	ukuvimbela
circumvention	ukuvimbela
circus	esekisi
cirque	cirque
cirrhosis	i-cirrhosis
cirrus	cirrus
cistern	umthombo
citadel	i-citadel
citation	citation
cite	cite
citizen	isakhamuzi
citizenship	ubuzwe
citrine	i-citrine
citrus	i-citrus
city	idolobha
citywide	idolobha lonke
civic	umphakathi
civics	umphakathi
civil	civil
civilian	ezomphakathi
civilians	izakhamizi
civility	ukuphakama komphakathi
civilization	impucuko
civilized	uphumelele
clad	wagqoka
claim	Faka isicelo
claimant	ummangali
clairvoyant	clairvoyant
clam	i-clam
clambake	i-clambake
clammy	i-clammy
clamor	ukukloloda
clamp	ukuphoqa
clan	umndeni
clandestine	ukuthunjwa
clang	clang
clap	ukuphoqa
clapper	i-clapper
clapping	ukushaya
clarification	ukucaciswa
clarify	cacisa
clarinet	i-clarinet
clarion	ukucacisa
clarity	ukucaca
clash	ukuphikisana
clashing	ukuphoqa
clasp	qhafaza
class	ekilasini
classic	zakudala
classic rock	rock classic
classical	classical
classics	okuvamile
classification	ukuhlukaniswa
classified	ihlukanisiwe
classify	ukuhlukanisa
classmate	ofunda nabo
classroom	ekilasini
classy	classy
clatter	i-clatter
clause	isigatshana
clauses	izigaba
claustrophobia	i-claustrophobia
claustrophobic	claustrophobic
clavicle	i-clavicle
claw	ukuphoqa
claws	amahlumela
clay	ubumba
clean	ihlanzekile
cleaner	ukuhlanza
cleaning	ukuhlanza
cleanliness	ukuhlanzeka
cleanly	ngokuhlanzekile
cleanse	hlambulula
cleanser	ukuhlanza
cleansing	ukuhlanza
cleanup	hlanza
clear	kucacile
clearance	imvume
clearing	ukuhlanza
clearness	ukucaca
cleat	cleat
cleavage	ukucacisa
cleave	cindezela
cleaver	NO TRANSLATION
clef	isihlungi
cleft	ukuhlunga
clemency	ukucabangela
clench	clench
clergy	abefundisi
clergyman	umfundisi
cleric	umfundisi
clerical	abefundisi
clerk	umabhalane
clerkship	amabhalane
clever	ohlakaniphileyo
cleverness	ukuhlakanipha
click	chofoza
clicker	i-clicker
client	iklayenti
clientele	amakhasimende
cliff	umcibisholo
climate	isimo sezulu
climatology	isimo sezulu
climax	umvuthwandaba
climb	ukugibela
climber	umkhumbi
clinch	umtholampilo
cling	ukunamathela
clingy	clingy
clinic	umtholampilo
clinical	ukwelashwa
clink	clink
clip	isiqeshana
clipboard	ibhodi lokunamathisela
clipper	i-clipper
clipping	ukuchofoza
clique	NO TRANSLATION
clitoris	i-clitoris
cloak	ingubo
cloaking	i-cloaking
cloakroom	i-cloakroom
clobber	i-clobber
clock	iwashi
clockwork	umsebenzi wewashi
clod	i-clod
clog	i-clog
cloister	cloister
clone	i-clone
cloning	i-cloning
close	vala
closed	ivaliwe
closeness	ukusondelana
closet	ikhabethe
closure	ukuvalwa
clot	i-clot
cloth	indwangu
clothe	gqoka
clothes	izingubo
clothesline	izingubo zokugqoka
clothing	izingubo
cloud	ifu
clouded	i-clouded
cloudiness	i-cloudiness
clouds	amafu
cloudy	ifufu
clout	faka
clove	i-clove
clover	i-clover
cloves	ama-clove
clown	clown
clowns	ama-clowns
club	club
clubhouse	clubhouse
clubs	amakilabhu
cluck	cluck
clue	inkomba
clueless	clueless
clump	i-clump
clumsy	i-clumsy
clunk	fiphaza
cluster	iqoqo
clutch	bamba
clutches	ukuhlanganisa
clutter	i-clutter
coach	umqeqeshi
coachman	umqeqeshi
coagulation	coagulation
coal	amalahle
coalesce	coalesce
coalition	ubumbano
coarse	i-coarse
coast	ogwini
coastal	ogwini
coaster	coaster
coastline	ogwini
coat	ingubo
coating	ukugqoka
coax	coax
cobalt	i-cobalt
cobble	cobble
cobbler	i-cobbler
cobra	i-cobra
cocaine	i-cocaine
cock	iqhude
cockamamie	cockamamie
cockeyed	cockeyed
cockpit	i-cockpit
cockroach	i-cockroach
cocksucker	i-cocksucker
cocktail	i-cocktail
cocky	i-cocky
cocoa	i-cocoa
coconut	ukhukhunathi
cocoon	i-cocoon
cod	ikhodi
code	ikhodi
codeine	i-codeine
codex	i-codex
codfish	i-codfish
codification	i-codification
codify	codify
coding	ikhodi
coed	i-coed
coefficient	coefficient
coerce	ukuphoqa
coercion	ukuphoqelela
coercive	ukuphoqeleka
coexist	coexist
coexistence	ukuhlala ndawonye
coexisting	ukuhlala ndawonye
coffee	ikhofi
coffee table	ithebula lekhofi
coffeehouse	ihofi
coffeepot	i-coffeepot
coffin	ibhokisi
cog	ukugijima
cogent	iyakwazi
cognac	i-cognac
cognate	cognate
cognition	ukuqonda
cognitive	ukuqonda
cohabitation	ukusebenzisana
coherence	ukuhambisana
coherent	ihambisana
cohesion	ukuhlangana
cohesive	kuhlangene
cohort	iqembu
coil	coil
coiled	ihlanganiswe
coin	imali
coinage	imali
coincide	hlanganisa
coincidence	ukungahambi kahle
coincident	kuhlangene
coincidental	ngokuvumelana
coinciding	ngokuvumelana
coke	i-coke
cola	i-cola
cold	kubanda
coldly	kubanda
coldness	kubanda
coldsweat	NO TRANSLATION
coleslaw	coleslaw
colic	colic
coliseum	i-coliseum
collaborate	sebenzisana
collaboration	ukubambisana
collaborator	umhleli
collage	ikholaji
collagen	i-collagen
collapse	ukuwa
collar	ikhola
collarbone	i-collarbone
collate	hlanganisa
collateral	ukubambisana
collation	i-collation
colleague	osebenza naye
collect	qoqa
collected	eqoqwe
collection	ukuqoqwa
collective	ndawonye
collectively	ndawonye
collector	umqoqi
college	ekolishi
collegiate	ukuqoqa
collide	bhala
collie	collie
collision	ukushayisana
collocation	i-collocation
colloquial	okuhambisanayo
collusion	ukuhlanganiswa
cologne	cologne
colon	ikholoni
colonel	colonel
colonial	ikholoni
colonic	ikholoni
colonoscopy	i-colonoscopy
colony	ikholoni
colophon	i-colophon
color	umbala
coloration	umbala
colored	ezinemibala
colorful	ezimibalabala
coloring	umbala
colorless	okungenambala
colors	imibala
colossal	ezinemibala
colt	i-colt
columbine	columbine
column	ikholomu
columnar	ikholomu
columnist	umlobi wekholomu
com	NO TRANSLATION
coma	i-coma
comatose	i-comatose
comb	inhlanganisela
combat	ukulwa
combatant	umpi
combative	i-combative
combination	inhlanganisela
combinatorial	ukuhlanganisa
combine	hlanganisa
combined	kuhlangene
combo	i-combo
combustible	kungabhubhisa
combustion	ukushisa
come	woza
comeback	buya
comedian	umculi
comedy	amahlaya
comet	i-comet
comfort	induduzo
comfortable	ukhululekile
comforter	umduduzi
comforting	ukududuza
comfy	kuhle
comic	amahlaya
comical	ihlekisa
comics	amahlaya
coming	ukuza
comma	i-comma
command	umyalo
commandant	umlawuli
commandeer	owenzayo
commander	umlawuli
commanding	ukuyala
commandment	umyalo
commando	commando
commemorate	khumbula
commemoration	isikhumbuzo
commemorative	isikhumbuzo
commence	qalisa
commend	ukuncoma
commendable	kuncomeka
commendation	ukuncoma
commensurate	i-commensurate
comment	ukuphawula
commentary	ukuhlaziya
commentator	umhlaziyi
commerce	ezentengiselwano
commercial	ezentengiselwano
commie	i-commie
commissary	umphathi
commission	ikhomishini
commissioner	ikhomishana
commit	yenza
commitment	ukuzibophezela
committal	ukukhishwa
committed	uzibophezele
committee	ikomidi
commodity	impahla
commodore	amakhodi
common	evamile
commoner	i-commoner
commonly	ngokuvamile
commonplace	indawo evamile
commons	uhulumeni
commonwealth	commonwealth
commotion	ukuxokozela
communal	umphakathi
commune	komasipala
communicable	ukuxhumana
communicate	ukuxhumana
communication	ukuxhumana
communicative	ukuxhumana
communicator	ukukhulumisana
communion	ukuhlanganyela
communism	ubukhomanisi
communist	umkhomanisi
community	umphakathi
commutation	ukushintshwa
commutative	ukushintsha
commute	ukuhamba
commuter	umgibeli
comp	i-comp
compact	i-compact
compaction	ukuhlanganisa
compactness	ukuhambisana
companion	umngane
companionless	umlingani
companionship	ubungane
company	inkampani
comparable	kufaniswa
comparative	ukuqhathanisa
comparatively	ngokulinganayo
compare	qhathanisa
comparison	ukufanisa
compartment	igumbi
compass	ikhampasi
compassion	ububele
compassionate	uzwela
compatibility	ukuhambisana
compatible	iyahambisana
compel	qeda
compelled	kucindezelwe
compelling	kucindezela
compendium	i-compendium
compensate	ukubuyisela
compensation	isinxephezelo
compensatory	ukukhokhela
compete	ukuncintisana
competence	ikhono
competency	ukufaneleka
competent	abanekhono
competition	ukuncintisana
competitive	ukuncintisana
competitor	umncintiswano
compilation	ukuhlanganiswa
compile	qoqa
complacency	ukukhathazeka
complacent	ukukhathazeka
complain	isikhalazo
complaint	isikhalazo
complement	uhlanganise
complementary	okuhambisanayo
complete	ukuqedela
completed	kuqedile
completely	ngokuphelele
completeness	ukuphelela
completing	ukuqedela
completion	ukuqedwa
complex	eziyinkimbinkimbi
complexed	eziyinkimbinkimbi
complexion	ukukhanya
complexity	inkimbinkimbi
compliance	ukuhambisana
compliant	okuhambisanayo
complicate	ukuphoqa
complicated	kunzima
complication	inkinga
complicity	inkambinkimbi
compliment	NO TRANSLATION
complimentary	okubhaliwe
comply	thobela
complying	ukuhambisana
compo	i-compo
component	ingxenye
compose	bhala
composed	yenziwe
composer	umqambi
composite	izingqikithi
composition	ukwakheka
compost	umquba
composure	ukuqina
compound	isakhi
comprehend	ukuqonda
comprehension	ukuqonda
comprehensive	olunzulu
compress	cindezela
compressed	kucindezelwe
compressible	kuqondaniswe
compression	ukucindezela
compressor	i-compressor
comprise	zihlanganisa
compromise	ukwehlisa
comptroller	umlawuli
compulsion	ukunyanzeliswa
compulsive	ukuphoqa
compulsory	okuphoqelekile
computable	i-computable
computation	ukulinganisa
compute	qondanisa
computer	ikhompyutha
computerized	ikhompyutha
computing	ikhompyutha
comrade	umngane
con	NO TRANSLATION
concatenation	concatenation
concave	concave
conceal	ukufihla
concealed	kufihlwe
concealment	ukufihla
concede	vumela
conceit	ukuziqhenya
conceited	ukuziqhenya
conceivable	kucabangeka
conceive	ukukhulelwa
concentrate	gxila
concentration	ukuhlushwa
concentric	kugxile kakhulu
concept	umqondo
conception	ukukhulelwa
concern	ukukhathazeka
concerned	othintekayo
concert	ikhonsathi
concerto	i-concerto
concession	ukuvumelanisa
concessional	ukuvumelanisa
conch	umcibisholo
concierge	concierge
conciliation	ukubuyisana
concise	okufingqiwe
conclave	siphelela
conclude	uphetha
concluding	ukuphetha
conclusion	isiphetho
conclusive	ephelele
concoction	i-concoction
concomitant	ukuhambisana
concord	isivumelwano
concordance	concordance
concours	NO TRANSLATION
concourse	umncintiswano
concrete	ukhonkolo
concubine	isancinza
concur	ukuvumelana
concurrence	ukuvumelana
concurrent	okufanayo
concurring	okuhambisanayo
concussion	ingxabano
condemn	ukulahla
condemnation	ukulahlwa
condensation	ukunciphisa
condensed	iyancipha
condescending	ukwehlisa
condescension	ukuzithoba
condiment	ukuzithoba
condition	isimo
conditional	okunemibandela
conditionally	ngokomzimba
conditioned	kufakwe isimo
conditioner	isibophezeli
conditioning	isimo
conditions	izimo
condo	i-condo
condolence	induduzo
condolences	induduzo
condom	ikhondomu
condone	vumela
condor	i-condor
conducive	ehamba phambili
conduct	ukuziphatha
conduction	ukuqhuba
conductivity	ukuqhuba
conductor	umqhubi
conduit	umzila
cone	Isigaxa
confederacy	i-confederacy
confederate	uhlangene
confederation	umbhikisho
confer	ukunikeza
conference	inkomfa
confess	vuma
confession	ukuvuma
confessional	ukuvuma izono
confessions	ukuvuma
confetti	confetti
confidant	okuyimfihlo
confide	uqinisekise
confidence	ukuzethemba
confident	uqiniseka
confidential	okuyimfihlo
confidentiality	imfihlo
confidentially	NO TRANSLATION
configuration	ukumisa
confine	vimba
confined	uvalelwe
confinement	ukuvalelwa
confines	uvala
confirm	qinisekisa
confirmation	isiqinisekiso
confirmatory	isiqinisekiso
confirmed	kuqinisekisiwe
confiscate	uthatha
confiscation	ukuthunjwa
conflagration	ukushaywa umoya
conflict	ukungqubuzana
conflicting	ephikisanayo
confluence	confluence
conform	ukuvumelanisa
conformance	ukuhambisana
conformation	NO TRANSLATION
conformity	ukuhambisana
confound	ukuphazamiseka
confounded	udidekile
confront	ukubhekana
confrontation	ukulwa
confuse	ukudideka
confused	udidekile
confusing	ukudideka
confusion	ukudideka
conga	conga
congenial	congenial
congenital	ukuzalwa
congestion	ukuxubana
conglomerate	i-conglomerate
conglomeration	i-conglomeration
congrats	ukuhambela
congratulate	sihalalisele
congratulation	ukuhalalisela
congratulations	ukuhalalisela
congratulatory	ukuhalalisela
congregate	hlangana
congregation	ibandla
congress	inhlangano
congressional	i-congressional
congressman	i-congressman
congruence	congruence
conic	conic
conical	ukucabanga
conjecture	i-conjecture
conjugal	conjugal
conjugate	ukuhlaziya
conjugation	ukuxuba
conjunction	ukuhlangana
conjunctive	okuhlangene
conjure	ukuthukuthela
conjuring	ukukhuluma
conk	i-conk
connect	xhuma
connected	kuxhunyiwe
connection	uxhumano
connective	ukuxhumana
connoisseur	i-connoisseur
conquer	ukunqoba
conquering	ukunqoba
conqueror	unqobile
conquest	ukunqoba
conscience	unembeza
conscientious	ngokucophelela
conscious	uyazi
consciousness	ukuqonda
conscription	ukubhalisa
consecrated	ungcwelisiwe
consecration	ukuzinikezela
consecutive	okulandelanayo
consensual	u-consensual
consensus	ukuvumelana
consent	imvume
consenting	kuvuma
consequence	umphumela
consequent	okulandelayo
conservation	ukulondolozwa
conservatism	i-conservatism
conservative	okuqaphele
conservatory	i-conservatory
conserve	gcina
consider	cabangela
considerable	kakhulu
considerate	ucabange
consideration	ukucabangela
consignee	i-consignee
consignment	umthwalo
consist	iqukethe
consistency	ukuvumelana
consistent	okungahleliwe
consolation	induduzo
console	console
consoled	iqinisekisiwe
consolidate	ukuhlanganisa
consolidated	ihlanganisiwe
consolidation	ukuhlanganiswa
consonant	i-consonant
consort	i-consort
conspicuous	okuvelele
conspiracy	u-conspiracy
conspirator	umqambi
conspire	ukuhlehlisa
constable	i-constable
constancy	njalo
constant	njalo
constantly	njalo
constellation	i-constellation
consternation	ukucindezeleka
constipation	ukuqotshwa
constituency	umbuso
constituent	okwenziwe
constituents	izakhiwo
constitute	yakha
constitution	umthethosisekelo
constitutional	umthethosisekelo
constitutionality	umthethosisekelo
constrain	qinisa
constrained	iphoqelelwe
constraint	inkinga
construct	ukwakha
construction	ukwakhiwa
constructive	eyakhayo
construe	bhala
consul	i-consul
consulate	u-consulate
consult	thintana
consultant	umcebisi
consultation	ukubonisana
consume	kudle
consumer	umthengi
consuming	ukuqeda
consummate	ukudla
consummation	ukuqeda
consumption	ukusetshenziswa
contact	oxhumana naye
contagion	ukutheleleka
contagious	esithathelwanayo
contain	iqukethe
container	isitsha
containment	isiqukathi
contaminate	ukungcola
contaminated	kungcolile
contamination	ukungcola
contemplate	cabanga
contemplation	ukuzindla
contemplative	kucabangela
contemporaneous	ngesikhathi esifanayo
contemporary	okwamanje
contempt	ukudeka
contemptible	ukuzondeka
contemptuous	enesizotha
contend	phikisa
contender	i-contender
contending	ukuphikisana
content	okuqukethwe
contented	okwanelisiwe
contention	ukuxabana
contentious	ukuphikisana
contentment	ukwaneliseka
contents	okuqukethwe
contest	umncintiswano
contestant	umncintiswano
context	umongo
contiguous	okuzenzekelayo
continence	continence
continent	izwekazi
continental	izwekazi
contingency	ukungaboni ngaso sonke isikhathi
contingent	okulandelanayo
continual	iyaqhubeka
continually	njalo
continuance	ukuqhubeka
continuation	ukuqhubeka
continue	qhubeka
continued	waqhubeka
continuing	ukuqhubeka
continuity	ukuqhubeka
continuous	eqhubekayo
continuously	ngokuqhubekayo
continuum	ukuqhubeka
contour	intour
contraband	ukukhwabanisa
contraception	ukuvimbela ukukhulelwa
contract	isivumelwano
contracted	inkontileka
contractile	isivumelwano
contracting	inkontileka
contraction	ukukhwabanisa
contractor	ukontrakta
contradict	iyaphikisana
contradiction	ukuphikisana
contradictory	ephikisanayo
contraption	ukwephula
contrary	ngokuphambene
contrast	qhathanisa
contrasted	ihluke
contravene	uphazamise
contravention	ukwephula
contribute	isandla
contribution	umnikelo
contributor	umnikelo
contrite	siphenduke
contrition	ukuphola
contrived	zenziwe
control	ukulawula
controller	isilawuli
controlling	ukulawula
controversial	impikiswano
controversy	impikiswano
contusion	ukuphazamiseka
conundrum	i-conundrum
convalescent	convalescent
convection	ukuhanjiswa
convene	bamba
convenience	kulula
conveniences	okulula
convenient	elula
convent	umkhumbi
convention	umhlangano
conventional	evamile
converge	guqula
convergence	ukuguqulwa
convergent	i-convergent
conversant	bexoxa
conversation	ingxoxo
conversational	ukuxoxa
conversationalist	i-conversationalist
converse	ukuxoxisana
conversing	bexoxa
conversion	ukuguqulwa
convert	guqula
converted	iguquliwe
convertible	convertible
convex	convex
convexity	ukuxoshwa
convey	ukuveza
conveyance	ukuhanjiswa
conveyancing	ukuthutha
convict	unecala
conviction	ukukholelwa
convince	kholisa
convinced	uyaqiniseka
convincing	okukholisa
convocation	umhlangano
convoluted	i-convoluted
convolution	convolution
convoy	umthumeli
coo	i-coo
cook	pheka
cookbook	i-cookbook
cooker	umpheki
cookery	ukupheka
cookie	ikhukhi
cookies	amakhukhi
cooking	ukupheka
cookout	ukupheka
cool	epholile
coolant	ipholile
cooler	epholile
cooling	ukupholisa
coolness	ukupholisa
coon	i-coon
coop	i-coop
cooperate	sebenzisana
cooperating	ukubambisana
cooperation	ukubambisana
cooperative	ukubambisana
coordinate	ukuxhumanisa
coordination	ukuxhumana
coordinator	umxhumanisi
cop	iphoyisa
copacetic	NO TRANSLATION
cope	ukubhekana
copier	ukukopisha
copilot	i-copilot
coping	ukubhekana
copious	ukukopisha
copper	ithusi
copter	i-copter
copy	ikhophi
copycat	i-copycat
copying	ukukopisha
copyright	copyright
coral	i-coral
coral snake	i-coral nyoka
cord	cord
cordial	kuhle
cordless	okungenasici
cordon	cordon
corduroy	corduroy
core	okuyisisekelo
cork	isikhala
corkscrew	isikhwama sezinkuni
corn	ukolweni
cornball	cornball
cornbread	cornbread
cornea	i-cornea
corned	ziboshwe
corner	ekhoneni
cornerstone	itshe legumbi
cornet	cornet
cornfield	indawo yamacembe
cornflakes	NO TRANSLATION
cornice	cornice
cornstarch	cornstarch
corny	corny
corollary	i-corollary
corona	corona
coronary	i-coronary
coronation	i-coronation
coroner	i-coroner
corporal	i-corporal
corporate	inkampani
corporation	inkampani
corporeal	okwemvelo
corps	izidumbu
corpse	isidumbu
corpsman	i-bodyman
corpus	i-corpus
corral	i-corral
correct	lungile
correction	ukulungiswa
correctional	ukulungiswa kwezigwegwe
corrective	ukulungiswa
correctness	ukulungisa
correlation	ukulungiswa
correlative	okuhambisanayo
correspond	lihambelana
correspondence	izincwadi
correspondent	umbhali
corresponding	ehambelana
corridor	umzila
corroborate	ukusekela
corroboration	ukusebenzisana
corrosion	ukubola
corrosive	okubuhlungu
corrupt	inkohlakalo
corrupting	okonakalisa
corruption	inkohlakalo
corsage	corsage
corse	NO TRANSLATION
corset	i-corset
cortex	i-cortex
cortical	i-cortical
cortisone	i-cortisone
corvette	i-corvette
cosmetic	izimonyo
cosmetics	izimonyo
cosmic	cosmic
cosmology	i-cosmology
cosmopolitan	i-cosmopolitan
cosmos	i-cosmos
cost	izindleko
costly	izindleko
costume	indwangu
cosy	ethokomele
cot	ukotini
cote	cote
cottage	cottage
cotton	ukotini
couch	umbhede
cougar	i-cougar
cough	ukukhwehlela
council	umkhandlu
councilman	umkhandlu
counsel	iseluleko
counseling	ukululekwa
counsellor	umeluleki
counselor	umeluleki
count	count
countdown	countdown
countenance	ubuso
counter	counter
counteract	ukuphikisa
counterattack	i-counterattack
counterbalance	ukulingana
counterclaim	ukuphikisa
counterfeit	amanga
counterpart	umlingani
counterpoint	counterpoint
countess	ukubala
countless	iningi
country	izwe
countryman	i-countryman
countrymusic	NO TRANSLATION
countryside	emaphandleni
counts	kubalwa
county	esifundeni
coup	ukukhishwa
coupe	ukupheka
couple	umbhangqwana
coupled	okuhlanganisiwe
coupling	ukuhlanganisa
coupon	isigqebhezana
courage	isibindi
courageous	isibindi
courier	umthumeli
courses	izifundo
coursing	ukufundisa
court	inkantolo
courteous	ubuhle
courtesy	isihawu
courthouse	i-courthouse
courtroom	inkantolo
courts	izinkantolo
courtship	ukuthandana
courtside	inkantolo
courtyard	egcekeni
cousin	umzala
cousins	bomzala
cove	i-cove
coven	isivumelwano
covenant	isivumelwano
cover	ikhava
coverage	ukuhlanganisa
covered	embozwe
covering	ukumboza
covert	i-covert
covet	ukufisa
coveted	ukufisa
cow	inkomo
coward	i-coward
cowardice	ukwesaba
cowardly	ngesaba
cowboy	cowboy
cowgirl	cowgirl
cowhand	i-cowhand
cowhide	i-cowhide
cowl	inkomo
coworker	osebenza naye
coy	coy
coyote	i-coyote
cozy	ethokomele
crab	udoti
crabby	ukukhwabanisa
crack	qhekeka
cracked	ephukile
cracker	cracker
crackerjack	crackerjack
cracking	ukuqhekeka
crackle	ukuphahlazeka
crackpot	i-crackpot
cradle	ukulala
craft	ubucwebe
crafts	ubuciko
craftsman	umdwebi
craftsmanship	ubuciko
crafty	amaqhinga
craig	craig
cram	cram
crammed	ziphazamisekile
cramp	i-cramp
cramped	kunzima
cranberry	i-cranberry
cranberry juice	i-cranberry ijusi
crane	i-crane
cranial	i-cranial
cranium	i-cranium
crank	isikhala
cranky	i-cranky
cranny	cranny
crap	ukuphoqa
crappy	crappy
craps	kuphahlazeka
crash	ukuphahlazeka
crass	ukuphosa
crate	i-crate
crater	i-crater
crave	nqwenela
craving	ukulangazelela
crawfish	i-crawfish
crawl	khaya
crayon	ikrayoni
crayons	amakhrayoni
craze	funa
crazed	usho kanje
craziness	ubuqili
crazy	i-crazy
creak	i-creak
creaking	creaking
cream	ukhilimu
creamed	ukhilimu
creamer	i-creamer
creamy	elimnandi
crease	i-crease
create	dala
creation	indalo
creative	ukudala
creativity	ubuciko
creator	umdali
creature	isidalwa
credence	ukwamukela
credential	ukuqinisekiswa
credentials	iziqinisekiso
credibility	ukwethembeka
credible	ezithembekile
credit	isikweletu
credit card	ikhadi lesikweletu
creditable	imali
credited	ihlonishwe
crediting	ukuklomelisa
creditor	umkweletu
creed	inkolo
creek	umfula
creep	zinyuka
creeper	creeper
creeping	ezinwabuzelayo
creepy	creepy
cremation	ukushiswa
creole	i-creole
crepe	i-crepe
crescendo	crescendo
crescent	i-crescent
crest	i-crest
crestfallen	crestfallen
cretin	cretin
cretins	ama-cretins
crevice	isakhiwo
crew	abasebenzi
crewman	u-crewman
crib	isikhalazo
cricket	ikhilikithi
cried	wakhala
crime	ubugebengu
criminal	ubugebengu
criminality	ubugebengu
crimp	i-crimp
crimson	elibomvu
cringe	i-cringe
cripple	ukukhubazeka
crippled	okhubazekile
crippling	ukukhubazeka
crisis	inkinga
crisp	crisp
crispy	crispy
criterion	umgomo
critic	umgxeka
critical	okubalulekile
criticise	ukugxeka
criticism	ukugxeka
criticize	ukugxeka
criticized	wagxekwa
critique	Ukubuyekeza kwami
critter	ukugxeka
croak	i-croak
croc	i-croc
crock	i-crock
crockery	insika
crocodile	ingwenya
croft	i-croft
croissant	croissant
crook	i-crook
crooked	zikhohlisiwe
crop	isitshalo
croquet	i-croquet
cross	ukuwela
cross country	ezweni lonke
crossbow	crossbow
crossed	wawela
crossfire	i-crossfire
crossing	ukuwela
crossover	i-crossover
crosswalk	i-crosswalk
crossword	i-crossword
crotch	i-crotch
crouch	crouch
crouched	iqhume
crouching	ukuphoqa
croupier	croupier
crow	khala
crowbar	i-crowbar
crowd	isixuku
crowded	ligcwele
crowds	izixuku
crown	umqhele
crowning	umqhele
crucial	kubalulekile
cruciate	behlupha
crucifix	isiphambano
crucifixion	ukubethelwa
crucify	ubethelwe
crud	i-crud
crude	okungcolile
cruel	unonya
cruelly	ngesihluku
cruelty	isihluku
cruise	i-cruise
cruise ship	umkhumbi wemikhumbi
cruiser	i-cruiser
cruising	ukuhamba
crumb	i-crumb
crumble	kuqubuka
crumbling	ukudumazeka
crummy	i-crummy
crunch	i-crunch
crunchy	ilukhuni
crusade	i-crusade
crusader	i-crusader
crush	ukuchoboza
crushed	ochotshoziwe
crusher	i-crusher
crushing	ukuchoboza
crust	uqweqwe
crusty	i-crusty
crutch	isikhonkwane
crux	crux
cry	khala
crybaby	crybaby
crying	ukukhala
crypt	crypt
cryptic	cryptic
cryptography	i-cryptography
crystal	i-crystal
crystalline	i-crystalline
crystallization	crystallization
cub	cub
cubby	i-cubby
cube	cube
cubic	i-cubic
cubicle	cubicle
cuckold	i-cuckold
cuckoo	cuckoo
cucumber	ikhukhamba
cuddle	i-cuddle
cuddled	i-cuddled
cuddles	iziqu
cuddling	ukudubula
cue	cue
cuff	inkomishi
cuisine	cuisine
culinary	Culinary
cull	cull
culminate	ukuqeda
culmination	ekugcineni
culpability	ukugwema
culpable	uyagwetshwa
culprit	i-culprit
cult	inkolo
cultivate	hlakulele
cultivated	kutshalwa
cultivation	ukulima
cultural	amasiko
culture	isiko
cultured	ikhuliswe
culvert	i-culvert
cumbersome	cumbersome
cumulus	i-cumulus
cunning	ubuqili
cunt	cunt
cup	indebe
cupboard	ikhabethe
cupcake	ikhekhe
cupping	ukupheka
cur	i-cur
curable	kuphulukiswa
curate	i-curate
curative	ukwelashwa
curator	ikhalenda
curb	ikhefu
curd	i-curd
cure	ukwelapha
curfew	isikhathi sokufika ekhaya
curiosity	ilukuluku
curious	curious
curl	i-curl
curling	ukukhanda
currency	imali
current	okwamanje
curriculum	ikharikhulamu
curry	i-curry
curse	isiqalekiso
cursed	uqalekisiwe
cursing	ukuqalekisa
cursory	i-cursory
curt	ukuphoqa
curtail	cindezela
curtailment	ukwehlisa
curtain	ikhethini
curtains	amakhethini
curtsy	i-curtsy
curvature	ukuvinjelwa
curve	ijika
curved	lwalugobile
curvilinear	i-curvilinear
cushion	i-cushion
cushy	cushy
cusp	cusp
cuss	cuss
cussed	cussed
custard	custard
custodial	ukuhlehlisa
custodian	umlondolozi
custody	ukugcinwa
custom	isiko
customary	isiko
customer	ikhasimende
customized	okwenziwe ngokwezifiso
cut	ukusika
cutaneous	i-cutaneous
cute	cute
cuticle	i-cuticle
cutie	cutie
cutlass	i-cutlass
cutlery	ukusika
cutoff	nqamula
cutter	umsiki
cutters	ababazi
cutthroat	i-cutthroat
cutting	ukusika
cutting board	ibhodi yokusika
cuttings	ukusika
cwt	cwt
cyanide	i-cyanide
cyberspace	ibhayisikobho
cycle	umjikelezo
cyclical	umjikelezo
cyclist	ibhayisikili
cyclone	isiphepho
cylinder	isilinda
cylindrical	cylindrical
cymbal	i-cymbal
cynic	umsizi
cynical	ama-cynical
cynicism	ukukhathazeka
cyst	i-cyst
cystic	i-cystic
cytomegalovirus	i-cytomegalovirus
cytoplasm	i-cytoplasm
czar	czar
dab	dab
dabble	dabble
dabbling	ukuzwakalisa
dad	ubaba
daddy	ubaba
dado	NO TRANSLATION
daemon	i-daemon
daft	i-daft
dagger	umlenze
daily	nsuku zonke
dainty	i-dainty
daiquiri	daiquiri
dairy	ubisi
daisy	daisy
dak	NO TRANSLATION
dale	i-dale
dam	idamu
damage	umonakalo
damaged	yonakalisiwe
damages	umonakalo
dame	dame
damn	Hewu
damnation	ukulahlwa
damned	lilahliwe
damp	kumanzi
dampened	yancipha
damper	i-damper
damsel	intombazane
dance	ukudansa
dancer	udansa
dancing	ukudansa
dandruff	i-dandruff
dandy	dandy
danger	Ingozi
dangerous	kuyingozi
dangerously	ngengozi
dangit	NO TRANSLATION
dangle	dangle
dank	NO TRANSLATION
dapper	dapper
dare	qaphele
daredevil	daredevil
daresay	i-daresay
daring	daring
dark	mnyama
darken	mnyama
darkened	mnyama
darkly	emnyama
darkness	ubumnyama
darkroom	indawo emnyama
darkside	Isayidi elimnyama
darling	othandekayo
darn	darn
dart	dart
dash	dash
dashboard	ideshibhodi
dashed	wadlula
dashing	dashing
dastardly	i-dastardly
data	idatha
database	database
date	usuku
datenight	NO TRANSLATION
daughter	indodakazi
dawdle	dawdle
dawn	kusasa
dawned	kwavela
day	usuku
daybreak	i-daybreak
daycare	ukunakekelwa kwesikhashana
daydream	i-daydream
daydreaming	ukuhamba phambili
daylight	ukukhanya kwemini
daymade	NO TRANSLATION
dayoff	NO TRANSLATION
daytime	usuku nosuku
daze	shaze
dazed	lidumile
dazzle	bhanya
dazzling	ephazimulayo
deacon	umdikoni
deactivate	vala
dead	ufile
deadbeat	i-deadbeat
deadline	umkhawulo wokugcina
deadlines	izikhathi zokugcina
deadlock	i-deadlock
deadly	ngokubulala
deaf	izithulu
deafening	izithulu
deafness	isithulu
deal	ukuphatha
dealer	umthengisi
dealership	ukuthengisa
dealing	ukusebenzisana
dealings	ukusebenzelana
dean	ngithanda
dear	othandekayo
dearest	othandekayo
dearth	isithandwa
death	ukufa
deathbed	ibhuloho lokufa
deathly	ukufa
debacle	hlehlisa
debased	ukuphoqa
debatable	ukuhluleka
debate	impikiswano
debauchery	ukuzitika ngokweqile
debenture	ukuboleka
debilitating	okwehlulekayo
debit	debit
debrief	ukuphikisana
debriefing	i-debriefing
debris	ama-debris
debt	isikweletu
debtor	umboleki
debut	debut
debutante	debutante
decade	iminyaka eyishumi
decadence	i-decadence
decadent	i-decadent
decaf	i-decaf
decanter	decanter
decathlon	decathlon
decay	ukubola
decayed	zibolile
decaying	ukubola
deceased	ushonile
decedent	i-decedent
deceit	ukukhohlisa
deceitful	okhohlisayo
deceive	khohlisa
deceived	bakhohlisiwe
deceiving	ukukhohlisa
december	ngo-december
decency	ukuhlonipha
decent	ehloniphekile
deception	ukukhohlisa
deceptive	ekhohlisayo
decide	inqume
decidedly	ngesinqumo
deciduous	ukuhlukunyezwa
decimal	idesimali
decimeter	i-decimeter
decipher	ukucacisa
decision	isinqumo
decisive	isinqumo esinqunyiwe
deck	emaphoyiseni
declaration	isimemezelo
declaratory	ukumemezela
declare	memezela
declination	ukuwohloka
decline	ukwehla
declining	ukuncipha
deco	i-deco
decode	hlela
decoder	i-decoder
decompose	ukubola
decomposed	yahlakazeka
decomposition	ukubola
decompress	decompress
decompression	ukucindezeleka
decontamination	ukuhlaselwa komzimba
decor	ukuhlobisa
decorate	ukuhlobisa
decorating	ukuhlobisa
decoration	umhlobiso
decorative	ukuhlobisa
decorator	umhlobiso
decorum	ukuhlobisa
decoy	ukuhlonipha
decrease	ukwehla
decreased	wehlile
decreasing	ukwehla
decree	isimemezelo
decrement	ukunciphisa
decrepit	ukuphumula
decry	i-decry
decryption	ukucacisa
dedicate	anikezele
dedication	ukuzinikezela
deduce	funda
deduct	ukukhipha
deductible	ukukhishwa
deduction	ukukhishwa
deed	isenzo
deejay	deejay
deem	buka
deep	ejulile
deepen	ukujula
deer	inyamazane
defamation	ukuhlukunyezwa
defamatory	ukuhlambalaza
default	okuzenzakalelayo
defeat	ukunqoba
defeated	kunqotshwa
defeatist	ukunqoba
defect	isici
defection	ukulahlwa
defective	okungalungile
defector	umsizi
defend	ukuvikela
defendant	umsolwa
defended	ivikelekile
defender	umvikela
defending	ukuvikela
defense	ukuvikela
defenseless	ukuzivikela
defensible	ivikelekile
defensive	ukuzivikela
defer	i-defer
deference	ukuphikiswa
deferral	ukuxoshwa
deferring	ukuphikisa
defiance	ukungahloniphi
defiant	unqabile
defibrillator	i-defibrillator
deficiency	ukulahlekelwa
deficient	ulahlekile
deficit	ukungabi nalutho
define	chaza
defined	kuchazwe
definite	okucacile
definition	incazelo
definitive	okucacile
deflate	hlela
deflation	ukuhlukumeza
deflect	hlela
deflection	ukuhlukumeza
defloration	ukuhlunga
deform	deform
deformed	ukukhubazeka
deformity	ukukhubazeka
defraud	ukuphanga
defray	ukuphikisa
defrost	i-defrost
deft	ukuhamba
defunct	i-defunct
defuse	susa
defy	ukulahla
degeneracy	ukuwohloka
degenerate	ihluleka
degeneration	ukuwohloka
degradation	ukwehlisa
degrade	hlehlisa
degraded	ihlaziywe
degrading	ukuhlambalaza
degree	degree
dehydrated	kuphelelwa amanzi
dehydration	ukuphelelwa amandla kwamanzi
dejected	edakiwe
delay	ukubambezeleka
delayed	ukubambezeleka
delectable	okuhlelekile
delegate	dlulisa
delegation	ukudluliselwa
delete	susa
deleterious	okungahambi kahle
deletion	ukususa
deli	deli
deliberate	ngamabomu
deliberation	izinqumo
deliberative	ngokuzithandela
delicacy	ukudla okumnandi
delicate	epholile
delicatessen	Isitolo sezibiliboco
delicious	okumnandi
delight	ukujabula
delighted	Ngijabulile
delightful	okujabulisayo
delineate	hlukisa
delineation	ukuhlukanisa
delinquency	ukuhlukumezeka
delinquent	i-delinquent
delirious	okumnandi
delirium	delirium
deliver	khulula
deliverance	ukukhululwa
delivery	ukulethwa
dell	dell
delta	i-delta
delude	hlehlisa
deluge	uzamcolo
delusion	ukukhohlisa
delusional	i-delusional
deluxe	i-deluxe
delve	hlaziya
demand	ukufunwa
demanding	efuna
demeaned	kuhlonishwa
demeaning	ukuhlambalaza
demeanor	ukuziphatha
demented	iqinisekiswe
dementia	ukuwohloka komqondo
demise	ukushona
demo	demo
democracy	intando yeningi
democrat	i-democrat
democratic	intando yeningi
demographic	inani labantu
demolish	ukubhubhisa
demolished	ibhidliza
demolition	ukubhujiswa
demon	idemoni
demonic	idemoni
demonstrable	kubonakaliswa
demonstrate	bonisa
demonstrated	kubonisiwe
demonstrating	ukubonisa
demonstration	ukubonisa
demonstrative	ukubonisa
demonstrator	umbonisi
demoralized	ihlaselwe phansi
demos	ama-demos
demure	i-demure
den	NO TRANSLATION
deniability	ukuphika
denial	ukuphika
denied	inqatshiwe
denim	denim
denomination	denomination
denominational	amahlelo
denominator	i-denominator
denote	kusho
denounce	hlonipha
dense	dense
density	ubuningi
dent	i-dent
dental	amazinyo
dentist	udokotela wamazinyo
dentistry	amazinyo
dentists	odokotela bamazinyo
denunciation	ukulahlwa
deny	phika
denying	ukuphika
deodorant	idayodorant
depart	shiya
departed	wahamba
department	umnyango
departmental	umnyango
departure	ukuhamba
depend	zithembele
dependable	ethembekile
dependant	othembekile
dependence	ukuthembela
dependency	ukuthembela
dependent	othembekile
depict	bonisa
depicting	ukubonisa
depletion	ukuphulukiswa
deplorable	okudabukisayo
deplore	cindezela
deploy	ukuhambisa
deployment	ukuthunyelwa
deport	thumela
deportation	ukuxoshwa
depose	ukuphoqa
deposit	idiphozi
depositary	i-depositary
deposition	ukuthutha
depository	i-depository
depot	i-depot
depraved	epholile
depravity	ukungcola
depreciate	ukwehla
depreciated	ihlehlisiwe
depreciation	ukwehla
depress	ukucindezeleka
depressed	ecindezelekile
depressing	ukucindezeleka
depression	ukucindezeleka
depressive	ukucindezeleka
depresson	NO TRANSLATION
deprivation	ukulahlwa
deprive	ukulahla
deprived	kunqatshiwe
depth	ukujula
deputy	iphini
derail	derail
deranged	ihlekisiwe
derelict	ukuhlukumezeka
derision	ukuhleka usulu
derivation	ukususwa
derivative	okuvela
derive	sithola
dermal	dermal
dermatologist	dermatologist
dermatology	i-dermatology
derogation	ukudeka
derogatory	ukuhlekisa
descend	wehla
descendant	umzukulu
descendent	NO TRANSLATION
descending	wehla
descent	ukuzala
describe	chaza
description	incazelo
descriptive	echazayo
desecrate	ukuhlambalaza
desecration	ukuchithwa
desert	ugwadule
deserted	ilahlekile
deserter	deerter
desertion	ukulahla
deserve	kufanelekile
deserved	kufanelekile
deserving	kufanelekile
design	ukuklama
designate	khetha
designated	okhethiwe
designation	ukuqokwa
designed	eklanyelwe
designer	umklami
designing	ukuklama
desirability	ukuthanda
desirable	efiselekayo
desire	isifiso
desiring	sifisa
desirous	sifisa
desist	shiya
desk	idesksi
desolate	yincithakalo
desolation	incithakalo
despair	ukuphelelwa ithemba
despairing	ukuphelelwa ithemba
despatch	ukudluliswa
desperado	ukuphelelwa yisifiso
desperate	ukuphelelwa yithemba
desperation	ukuphelelwa yisikhathi
despicable	edelelekile
despise	delela
despondent	udangele
despotic	ukuphanga
despotism	i-despotism
dessert	i-dessert
destination	okuya khona
destined	okuhloswe
destiny	ikusasa
destitute	abahluphekile
destroy	ukubhubhisa
destroyed	kubhujiswa
destroyer	umbhubhisi
destroying	ukubhubhisa
destruct	ukubhujiswa
destruction	ukubhujiswa
destructive	okulimazayo
detach	thola
detached	ivaliwe
detachment	inqola
detail	imininingwane
detailed	okuningiliziwe
details	imininingwane
detain	uvale
detainee	uboshiwe
detect	thola
detectable	itholakala
detection	ukutholwa
detective	umphenyi
detector	umtshina
detention	ukuboshwa
deter	ukuvimbela
detergent	i-detergent
deteriorate	ziwohloka
deteriorated	yahlaselwa
deteriorating	ukuwohloka
deterioration	ukuwohloka
determinable	kunqunywa
determinate	inquma
determination	ukuzimisela
determine	inqume
determined	kunqunywe
deterrent	ukuvimbela
detest	uzonda
detestation	ukuzonda
detonate	ukuxosha
detonation	ukuthunjwa
detonator	i-detonator
detour	indawo
detract	ukuphazamisa
detriment	umonakalo
detrimental	kuyingozi
detritus	i-detritus
deuce	deuce
deutschmark	deutschmark
devalued	behlulekile
devastate	ukuchitha
devastated	yachithwa
devastating	elibhubhisayo
devastation	ukubhujiswa
develop	ukuthuthukisa
developer	umthuthukisi
developing	ukuthuthukisa
development	ukuthuthukiswa
deviant	ehlulekayo
deviate	shiya
deviating	ukuphambuka
deviation	ukuphambuka
device	idivayisi
devil	uDeveli
deviled	ilahlekile
devilish	devilish
devious	okhohlisayo
devise	cabanga
devoid	akudingeki
devolution	devolution
devolve	qeda
devote	bazinikele
devoted	okuzinikele
devotee	ukuzinikela
devotion	ukuzinikela
devotional	ukuthandaza
devour	udle
devout	ukuzinikela
dew	amazolo
dexter	dexter
dexterity	ukuxuba
dextrose	dextrose
diabetes	isifo sikashukela
diabetic	isifo sikashukela
diabolical	i-diabolical
diagnose	ukuxilonga
diagnosis	ukuxilongwa
diagnostic	ukuxilongwa
diagnostics	ukuxilongwa
diagonal	diagonal
diagram	umdwebo
dial	shayela
dialect	ulimi
dialectic	i-dialectic
dialogue	ingxoxo
dialysis	i-dialysis
diameter	ububanzi
diamond	idayimane
diamonds	amadayimane
diaper	i-diaper
diaphragm	i-diaphragm
diarrhea	isifo sohudo
diarrhoea	isifo sohudo
diary	idayari
diatribe	i-diatribe
dib	NO TRANSLATION
dibs	dibs
dice	amadayisi
dicey	i-dicey
dichotomous	dichotomous
dichotomy	dichotomy
dick	dick
dickhead	i-dickhead
dicks	dicks
dictate	ukuphoqa
dictation	ukuphoqa
dictator	umbusi
dictatorial	obushiqela
dictatorship	ubushiqela
diction	diction
dictionary	isichazamazwi
dictum	NO TRANSLATION
didactic	i-didactic
diddle	diddle
die	NO TRANSLATION
died	wafa
diesel	idizili
diet	ukudla
dietary	yokudla
differ	hlukile
difference	umehluko
differences	umehluko
different	ehlukile
differential	umahluko
differentiation	ukuhlukaniswa
differently	ngokuhlukile
differing	hlukile
difficult	kunzima
difficulties	ubunzima
difficulty	ubunzima
diffuse	diffuse
diffusion	ukusakaza
dig	NO TRANSLATION
digest	ukugaya
digestion	ukugaya
digestive	ukugaya ukudla
digit	idijithi
digital	idijithali
dignified	inhlonipho
dignify	sihloniphe
dignity	isithunzi
digress	digress
digs	NO TRANSLATION
dike	NO TRANSLATION
dilapidated	ilahlekile
dilatation	ukuphumula
dilation	ukuphumula
dildo	i-dildo
dilemma	inkinga
diligence	ukukhuthaza
diligent	ngenkuthalo
dill	dill
diluent	i-diluent
dilute	hlaziya
diluted	ihlanjululwe
dilution	dilution
dim	sh
dime	i-dime
dimension	ubukhulu
dimensional	ubukhulu
diminish	nciphisa
diminished	kunciphise
diminution	ukwehlisa
diminutive	ukunciphisa
dimwit	dimwit
din	NO TRANSLATION
dine	NO TRANSLATION
diner	diner
dinghy	i-dinghy
dingo	dingo
dingy	dingy
dining	ukudla
dinky	dinky
dinner	dinner
dinnertime	isikhathi sokudla
dinosaur	i-dinosaur
dint	dint
diocesan	i-diocesan
diocese	isifunda sesifundazwe
diorama	diorama
dioxide	i-dioxide
dip	cindezela
diploma	idiploma
diplomacy	izingxoxo
diplomat	idiplomat
diplomatic	i-diplomatic
dipper	i-dipper
dippy	dippy
dipstick	i-dipstick
dire	NO TRANSLATION
direct	ngqo
directed	iqondiswe
direction	isiqondiso
directive	isiqondiso
directly	ngqo
director	umqondisi
directory	isiqondisi
dirt	ukungcola
dirty	ezingcolile
disability	ukukhubazeka
disable	khubaza
disabled	ukhutshaziwe
disadvantage	ukungalungi
disaffected	ihlehlisiwe
disagree	aphikisana
disagreeable	ukungavumelani
disagreeing	aphikisana
disagreement	ukungavumelani
disallow	ungavumeli
disallowed	avunyelwe
disapointment	NO TRANSLATION
disappear	yanyamalala
disappearance	ukunyamalala
disappearing	uyanyamalala
disappoint	ukudumazeka
disappointed	sidumele
disappointing	edumazayo
disappointment	ukudumala
disapproval	ukungavumi
disapprove	angavumi
disapproved	ayamukelekile
disapproving	ukungavumi
disarm	khubaza
disarray	ukuhlukana
disaster	inhlekelele
disastrous	inhlekelele
disband	hlukanisa
disbelief	ukungakholwa
disbelieve	disbelieve
disburse	ukukhipha imali
disbursement	ukukhokha
disc	i-disc
discard	lahla
discarded	ilahlwe
discards	ukulahla
discern	qaphela
discernible	ukuqonda
discerning	ukuqonda
discernment	ukuqonda
discharge	ukukhishwa
disciple	umfundi
disciplinary	ukujeziswa
discipline	isiyalo
disciplined	iyala
disclaim	qhafaza
disclaimer	ukuxoshwa
disclose	ukudalula
disclosed	evezwe
disclosure	ukudalulwa
disco	disco
discoloration	ukuguqulwa kwezinto
discolored	i-discolored
discomfort	ukunganaki
disconcerted	ukuphazamiseka
disconcerting	ukuphazamisa
disconnect	nqamula
disconnected	ixhunyiwe
disconnection	ukuxhumeka
disconnects	unqamula
discontent	ukunganeliseki
discontinuance	ukuyeka
discontinue	yeka
discontinuity	ukuyeka
discontinuous	ukuyeka
discord	ukungavumelani
discount	Isaphulelo
discounted	Isaphulelo
discourage	khuthaza
discouraged	udangele
discouragement	ukudangala
discouraging	ukudikibala
discourse	inkulumo
discover	thola
discovery	ukutholakala
discredit	ukuhlambalaza
discredited	ikhanseliwe
discreet	NO TRANSLATION
discrepancy	ukungafani
discrete	i-discrete
discretion	ukuqonda
discretionary	discretionary
discriminate	ukubandlulula
discriminating	ukubandlulula
discrimination	ukubandlululwa
discus	i-discus
discuss	xoxisana
discussion	ingxoxo
disdain	zidelele
disdainful	ukunganaki
disease	izifo
diseased	isifo
disembodied	ehlanjululwe
disengage	khubaza
disengagement	ukuxoshwa
disfigured	ukuphazamiseka
disgrace	ukuhlazeka
disgraced	behlazekile
disgraceful	ihlazo
disgruntled	adidekile
disguise	zifihla
disguised	zifihliwe
disgust	ukudeka
disgusted	edakiwe
disgusting	ezinengekayo
dish	isidlo
disheartened	edangele
disheartening	ukuphazamisa
dishonest	ukungathembeki
dishonesty	ukungathembeki
dishonor	ukuhlazeka
dishonorable	ihlazo
dishwasher	i-dishwasher
disillusionment	ukudumazeka
disinclination	ukungcola
disincline	ukungafuni
disinclined	azinqatshelwe
disinfect	ukukhipha amagciwane
disinfectant	i-disinfectant
disinfection	ukuchithwa kwe-disinfection
disinformation	i-disinformation
disingenuous	ukunganaki
disintegrate	ukuhlukana
disintegration	ukuhlukana
disinterested	engathandeki
disjoint	disjoint
disjointed	disjointed
disjunctive	ukuxuba
disk	disk
diskette	diskette
dislike	ungathandi
disliked	ayithandi
disliking	ukuphazamiseka
dislocated	ukuxoshwa
dislocation	ukuhlukanisa
dislodge	khipha
disloyal	ukungathembeki
disloyalty	ukungathembeki
dismal	kuphazamisekile
dismantle	ukuqeda
dismay	ukuphazamiseka
dismayed	behluzekile
dismemberment	ukuqedwa
dismiss	vula
dismissal	ukuxoshwa
dismissive	ukulahla
dismount	dismount
disobedience	ukungalaleli
disobedient	abangalaleli
disobey	ungamlaleli
disorder	ukuphazamiseka
disordered	ukuphazamiseka
disorderly	ngokungahlelekile
disorganized	ukungahlehlisi kahle
disorientation	ukukhathazeka
disoriented	ukuphazamiseka
disown	ukuphika
disparage	ukuphazamiseka
disparaging	ukuphazamisa
disparate	hlukanisa
disparity	ukungafani
dispassionate	abanesibindi
dispatch	ukuthumela
dispatcher	dispatcher
dispel	qeda
dispensary	i-dispensary
dispensation	ukuphelelwa isikhathi
dispense	vula
dispenser	dispenser
dispersal	ukuhlakazeka
disperse	ukusabalalisa
dispersed	zahlakazeka
dispersion	ukuhlakazeka
dispirited	baphambene
displace	susa
displaced	ababalekile
displacement	ukufuduka
displacency	ukuhlukumezeka
display	ukubonisa
displease	ungajabulisi
displeased	ungathandeki
displeasure	ukungajabuli
disposable	ilahlwa
disposal	ukulahla
dispose	lahla
disposed	zilahlwa
disposition	isimo sengqondo
dispossessed	ukuxoshwa
disprove	phikisa
dispute	impikiswano
disqualification	ukungafanelekile
disqualified	ukungafanelekile
disqualify	ukungafanelekile
disquieted	ukukhathazeka
disregard	unganaki
disregarded	ukunganakwa
disrelish	hlekisa
disreputable	okungahlonishwa
disrepute	hlekisa
disrespect	ukungahloniphi
disrespectful	ukungabi nhlonipho
disrupt	ukuphazamisa
disrupting	ukuphazamisa
disruption	ukuphazamiseka
disruptive	ukuphazamisa
dissatisfaction	ukunganeliseki
dissatisfied	enganelisekile
dissect	dissect
dissection	dissection
disseminate	ukusabalalisa
dissemination	ukusakaza
dissension	ukungezwani
dissent	ukuphikisana
dissenting	ukuphikisana
dissertation	i-dissertation
disservice	hlela
dissident	abahlali
dissimilar	ahlukanise
dissipate	shiya
dissipated	zihlakazekile
dissociation	ukuhlukaniswa
dissociative	dissociative
dissolution	ukuchithwa
dissolve	qhafaza
dissonance	dissonance
dissuade	vala
distal	distal
distance	ibanga
distant	kude
distaste	ukuphazamisa
distasteful	ukuphazamiseka
distillate	distillate
distillation	iziphuzo zazihluzwayo
distilled	distilled
distinct	okuhlukile
distinction	ukuhlukaniswa
distinctive	okuhlukile
distinguish	hlukanisa
distinguishable	ukuhlukaniswa
distinguished	ehlukile
distinguishing	ukuhlukanisa
distort	ukuhlanekezela
distorted	iphikisiwe
distortion	ukuhlanekezela
distract	ukuphazamisa
distracted	ukuphazamiseka
distracting	ukuphazamisa
distraction	ukuphazamisa
distraught	ukuphazamiseka
distress	ukucindezeleka
distressed	ukucindezeleka
distressing	ukucindezeleka
distribute	ukusabalalisa
distribution	ukusatshalaliswa
distributor	umsabalalisi
district	isifunda
distrust	ukungathembeki
disturb	ukuphazamisa
disturbance	ukuphazamiseka
disturbed	ukuphazamiseka
disturbing	ukuphazamisa
disuse	ungasebenzisi
disused	ukuxoshwa
ditch	umgodi
ditto	kusho
ditty	imithi
diurnal	i-diurnal
diva	diva
divan	NO TRANSLATION
dive	dive
diver	diver
diverge	hlukana
divergence	ukuhlukana
divergent	ukuhlukana
diverging	ehlukanisa
divers	abahlukahlukene
diverse	ahlukene
diversified	ezihlukahlukene
diversify	ukuhlukanisa
diversion	ukuphambukisa
diversionary	ukuhlukahluka
diversity	ukuhlukahluka
divert	shintsha
diverting	ukuphambukisa
divest	hlukana
divested	ihlukanisiwe
divestment	ukuhlukana
divide	hlukana
divided	ihlukaniswe
dividend	i-dividend
divination	ukubhula
divine	ophezulu
divinity	ubuNkulunkulu
divisible	ukuhlukaniswa
division	ukuhlukana
divisor	hlukanisa
divorce	isehlukaniso
divorcee	isihlukaniso
divulge	vula
divvy	hlukana
dizziness	isiyezi
dizzy	udizizi
do	yenza
doable	kudingeke
doc	i-doc
docile	ukuphoqa
dock	idokodo
docked	i-docked
docket	idokhumenti
docking	i-docking
doctor	udokotela
doctorate	udokotela
doctrinal	izimfundiso
doctrine	imfundiso
document	umbhalo
documentary	i-documentary
documentation	imibhalo
documents	imibhalo
dodge	dodge
dodger	i-dodger
dodging	ukudida
dodgy	dodgy
dodo	dodo
doe	doe
doer	umenzi
dog	inja
dogface	i-dogface
dogged	ifakiwe
doggy	i-doggy
doghouse	i-doghouse
dogma	imfundiso
dogmatic	i-dogmatic
dogsick	NO TRANSLATION
doings	izenzo
doit	NO TRANSLATION
dojo	dojo
doldrums	izibhamu
dole	dole
doll	idoli
dollar	idola
dollhouse	udokotela
dolor	NO TRANSLATION
dolphin	ihlengethwa
domain	isizinda
dome	dome
domestic	ezifuywayo
domesticated	ezifuywayo
domestication	ukufuya
domicile	domicile
domiciled	domiciled
dominance	ukubusa
dominant	ephezulu
dominate	lawula
dominating	ukubusa
domination	ukubusa
dominatrix	dominatrix
dominion	umbuso
domino	domino
don	don
donate	banikele
donation	umnikelo
donkey	imbongolo
donor	umnikeli
dontlikeyou	NO TRANSLATION
dontmess	NO TRANSLATION
dontmesswithme	dontmesswithme
dontpanic	i-dontpanic
dontunderstand	NO TRANSLATION
doodle	i-doodle
doom	inhlekelele
doomed	ukubhujiswa
doomsday	inhlekelele
door	umnyango
doorbell	umnyango
doorknob	ibhokisi lokusebenzela
doorman	umnyango womnyango
doormat	doormat
doornail	umnyango
doorstep	umnyango
doorway	umnyango
dopamine	i-dopamine
dope	dope
dopey	dopey
dork	udoki
dorky	dorky
dorm	dorm
dormant	ihlezi
dormitory	indawo yokulala
dorsal	ukuhlehlisa
dosage	isilinganiso
dose	umthamo
dossier	i-dossier
dot	ichashazi
doting	ukuphanga
dotted	i-dotted
dotty	i-dotty
double	kabili
doubled	kabili
doublet	i-doublet
doubling	kuphinda kabili
doubt	ukungabaza
doubtful	ngokungangabazi
doubting	ukungabaza
doubtless	ngokungangabazi
doubts	ukungabaza
douche	i-douche
douchebags	ama-douchebags
dough	inhlama
doughboy	i-doughboy
doughnut	donut
dour	dour
douse	vula
dove	ijuba
down	phansi
downcast	phansi
downer	phansi
downfall	ukuwa
downfield	phansi
downhearted	udangele
downhill	wehla
download	ukulanda
downpour	imvula
downright	kulungile
downriver	phansi
downside	phansi
downtime	isikhathi sokuphumula
downward	phansi
downy	phansi
dowry	dowry
doze	doze
dozen	iningi
drab	udonsa
draft	uhlaka
drafty	ukudweba
drag	donsela
dragon	idrako
dragonfly	i-dragonfly
drain	vula
drainage	amanzi
drained	idliwe
draining	ukukhipha
drainpipe	khipha
drake	idrake
drama	umdlalo
dramaqueen	dramaqueen
dramatic	okumangalisayo
drape	ukudweba
drapery	ukuphefumula
drastic	ekulu kakhulu
drat	NO TRANSLATION
draught	uhlaka
draw	draw
drawback	impendulo
drawbridge	i-drawbridge
drawer	idayi
drawers	abadwebi
drawing	umdwebo
dread	ukwesaba
dreaded	wesaba
dreadful	esabekayo
dreadfully	ngesabekayo
dreading	ukwesaba
dream	iphupho
dreamboat	dreamboat
dreamer	iphupho
dreaming	iphupha
dreamland	dreamland
dreams	amaphupho
dreamt	waphupha
dreamy	iphupho
dreary	dreary
dredge	i-dredge
drenched	ziboshwe
dress	sigqoke
dresser	umdayisi
dressmaker	umgqoki
dressy	ukugqoka
dribble	NO TRANSLATION
dried	omisiwe
drier	egolile
drift	ukushayela
drifted	ikhuphukile
drifter	i-drifter
driftwood	driftwood
drill	ukubamba
drink	ukuphuza
drinker	isiphuzo
drinking	ukuphuza
drinks	iziphuzo
drip	ukuvuza
dripping	ukushayela
drive	ukushayela
drivel	ukushayela
driver	umshayeli
driveway	umzila
drizzle	ukubhoboza
droll	i-droll
drone	drone
drones	i-drones
drool	i-drool
drooping	ukuxosha
droopy	droopy
drop	uphonsa
droplet	i-droplet
dropout	shiya phansi
dropper	i-dropper
drought	isomiso
drove	NO TRANSLATION
drown	umile
drowsiness	ukulala
drowsy	belele
drudgery	ududuzi
drug	izidakamizwa
drug dealing	ukuphathwa kwezidakamizwa
drugged	izidakamizwa
druggist	i-druggist
drugs	izidakamizwa
drugstore	izidakamizwa
druid	i-druid
drum	isigubhu
drummer	i-drummer
drumming	ukugubha
drunk	udakiwe
drunk driving	ukushayela edakiwe
drunkard	udakwa
drunken	udakiwe
drunkenness	ukudakwa
dry	eyomile
dryer	dryer
dryness	ukoma
dual	okubili
dualism	ubuqili
duality	okubili
dub	dub
dubious	okubuhlungu
duchess	i-duchess
duck	idada
ducking	ducking
duckling	duckling
ducky	ducky
duct	ukuhamba
ductile	i-ductile
dud	dud
dude	dude
duds	duds
due	efanele
duel	i-duel
dues	izinkokhelo
duet	i-duet
duffel	i-duffel
dugout	ukumba
duh	i-duh
duke	umbusi
dull	buthaka
dullard	ukuthutha
dumb	uyisimungulu
dumbasses	ama-dumbasses
dumbbell	dumbbell
dumbbitch	NO TRANSLATION
dumfound	ihlaselwe
dumfounder	NO TRANSLATION
dummy	dummy
dump	ukulahla
dumpling	ukulahla
dumps	ukulahla
dumpster	i-dumpster
dun	dun
dunce	dunce
dune	dune
dung	NO TRANSLATION
dungeon	ejele
dunk	i-dunk
duo	i-duo
dupe	ukuphoqa
duplex	i-duplex
duplicate	kuphinda
duplication	ukuphindaphindiwe
duplicity	okuphindiwe
durability	ukuqina
durable	ehlala njalo
duration	isikhathi
duress	ukucindezela
dusk	kusihlwa
dusky	dusky
dust	uthuli
duster	i-duster
dustpan	isikhulu somhlabathi
dusty	uthuli
dutiful	okuyiqiniso
duty	umsebenzi
dwarf	esincane
dwarfed	i-dwarfed
dweeb	dweeb
dwell	hlala
dweller	umhlali
dwelling	yokuhlala
dye	idayi
dying	ukufa
dyke	dyke
dynamic	enamandla
dynamical	i-dynamical
dynamics	dynamics
dynamite	i-dynamite
dynamo	i-dynamo
dynasty	ubukhosi
dysentery	isisu
dysfunction	ukungasebenzi
dysfunctional	ayisebenzi
dyspepsia	i-dyspepsia
eager	ukulangazelela
eagerness	ukulangazela
eagle	ukhozi
ear	indlebe
earful	okutholile
earl	i-earl
earlier	ekuqaleni
early	ekuqaleni
earn	uthole
earnest	ngobuqotho
earnestly	ngobuqotho
earnestness	ukuthembeka
earnings	amaholo
earpiece	uhlamvu lwama-earpiece
earring	indlebe
earrings	namacici
earshot	izindlebe
earth	umhlaba
earthenware	udonga
earthling	emhlabeni
earthly	emhlabeni
earthquake	ukuzamazama komhlaba
earthy	umhlaba
ease	lula
easel	i-easel
easement	i-easement
easily	kalula
east	empumalanga
eastbound	empumalanga
eastern	empumalanga
easy	kulula
easygoing	kulula
eat	udle
eater	udle
eating	ukudla
eatingdisorders	NO TRANSLATION
eavesdrop	evesdrop
eavesdropping	i-evesdropping
ebb	ibb
ebony	ebony
ebullient	ibullient
eccentric	i-eccentric
eccentricity	ukuzimisela
ecclesiastical	i-ecclesiastical
echelon	i-echelon
echinacea	echinacea
echo	qhafaza
eclectic	i-eclectic
eclipse	ukucwiliswa
ecliptic	ecliptic
ecological	ezemvelo
economic	ezomnotho
economical	ukonga
economics	ezomnotho
economy	umnotho
ecosystem	imvelo
ecstasy	ecstasy
ecstatic	ecstatic
ecumenical	i-ecumenical
eddy	eddy
edema	i-edema
edge	emaphethelweni
edging	ukuhlela
edgy	edgy
edible	ezidliwayo
edict	umyalo
edification	ukwakha
edifice	edifice
edit	hlela
editing	ukuhlela
edition	edition
editor	umhleli
editorial	umhleli
educate	fundisa
educated	efundisiwe
education	imfundo
educational	ezemfundo
educator	uthisha
eeeek	NO TRANSLATION
eeek	NO TRANSLATION
eek	eek
eel	i-eel
eerie	eerie
effect	umphumela
effective	ngempumelelo
effectiveness	ukuphumelela
effects	imiphumela
effectual	ukusebenza kahle
effectually	ngokuzenzakalelayo
effectuate	yenza
effeminate	yenza kahle
efficacious	ephumelelayo
efficacy	ukuphumelela
efficiency	ukusebenza kahle
efficient	ephumelelayo
effigy	effigy
effort	umzamo
effortless	azinamandla
effusion	i-effusion
effyou	NO TRANSLATION
egg	iqanda
egghead	i-egghead
eggnog	i-eggnog
eggplant	isitshalo seqanda
eggshell	i-eggshell
ego	ego
egomaniac	egomaniac
egotistical	ukuzithoba
egregious	okumangalisayo
egress	funda
eight	ayisishiyagalombili
eighteen	ayisishiyagalombili
eighth	yesishiyagalombili
eighty	amashumi ayisishiyagalombili
ejaculate	i-ejaculate
ejaculation	ukujula
eject	yeka
ejection	i-ejection
elaborate	ukucacisa
elaboration	ukudweba
elan	NO TRANSLATION
elapse	elapse
elapsed	Kwaphela
elastic	ukuqina
elasticity	ukuqina
elated	elated
elation	elation
elbow	elbow
eld	okudala
elder	umdala
elderly	asebekhulile
elders	abadala
eldest	endala
elect	ukhethe
election	ukhetho
elective	ukukhetha
elector	ukhetho
electoral	ukhetho
electorate	i-electorate
electric	ugesi
electric slide	isilayidi kagesi
electrical	ugesi
electrician	umbane
electricity	ugesi
electrify	ukukhipha amandla
electrocute	i-electrocute
electrocution	electrocution
electromagnetic	i-electromagnetic
electron	i-electron
electronic	electronic
electronics	electronics
elegance	ubuhle
elegant	nenhle
element	isici
elemental	okuyisisekelo
elementary	okuyisisekelo
elements	izakhi
elephant	indlovu
elevate	ukuphakamisa
elevated	ephakanyisiwe
elevation	ukuphakama
elevator	ikhefu
eleven	eleyishumi nanye
eleventh	leshumi nanye
elf	elf
elicit	ukucela
eligible	kufanelekile
eliminate	ukuqeda
elimination	ukuqedwa
elite	elite
elitist	elitist
elixir	elixir
elk	elk
ell	ell
ellipse	ellipse
ellipsis	ellipsis
ellipsoid	ellipsoid
elliptic	elliptic
elliptical	elliptical
elm	elm
elongate	i-elongate
elongation	i-elongation
elope	elope
eloquence	ukuhleleka
eloquent	ohlakaniphile
elucidate	ukucacisa
elucidation	ukucaciswa
elude	ukuhluleka
elusive	ayikho
emaciated	emaciated
email	imeyili
emanate	kuphuma
emancipation	ukukhululwa
embankment	ukumbamba
embargo	NO TRANSLATION
embark	qalisa
embarrass	amahloni
embarrassed	uhlazekile
embarrassing	ukuhlazeka
embarrassment	amahloni
embassy	embassy
embattled	embattled
embed	faka
embellish	embellish
embellishment	embellishment
embers	uhlanganisa
embezzlement	ukukhwabanisa
embezzler	i-embezzler
emblem	uphawu
emblematic	isibonakaliso
embodiment	ukufaniswa
embolism	u-embolism
embossed	embossed
embrace	bamukela
embroidered	ezihlotshisiwe
embroidery	ukuhlobisa
embroiled	kuhlanganiswe
embryo	embryo
embryonic	umbryonic
emcee	emcee
emerald	i-emerald
emerge	kuvela
emergence	ukuvela
emergency	eziphuthumayo
emeritus	kuvela
emery	emery
emetophobia	NO TRANSLATION
emigrate	fuduka
emigration	ukufuduka kwamanye amazwe
eminence	ukuphakama
eminent	okuvelele
eminently	ngokumangalisayo
emir	NO TRANSLATION
emissary	isithunywa
emission	ukuphuma
emit	phuma
emo	emo
emotion	imizwelo
emotional	ngokomzwelo
emotive	emotive
empathic	empathic
empathize	uzwela
empathy	uzwela
emperor	umbusi
emphasis	ukugcizelela
emphasize	gcizelela
emphatic	emphatic
emphysema	emphysema
empire	umbuso
empirical	empirical
empiricism	ukuphanga
employ	sebenzisa
employee	isisebenzi
employer	umqashi
employment	umsebenzi
emporium	i-emporium
empower	ukunika amandla
empress	umphathi
emptiness	ukungabi nalutho
emption	ukuthunjwa
empty	ayinalutho
emu	emu
emulate	landela
emulsion	emulsion
enable	vumela
enablement	amandla
enact	yenza
enactment	ukumiswa
enamel	i-koqweqwe lwawo
encampment	ikamu
enchant	enchant
enchanted	enchanted
enchanting	enchanting
enchantment	enchantment
enchantress	enchantress
enchilada	enchilada
encircle	ukuzungeza
encircling	ukuzungeza
enclave	i-enclave
enclose	faka
enclosure	ivalwe
encode	i-encode
encomiastic	NO TRANSLATION
encomium	encomium
encompass	zihlanganisa
encore	NO TRANSLATION
encounter	ukuhlangana
encourage	khuthaza
encouraged	wakhuthazwa
encouragement	isikhuthazo
encouraging	ukukhuthaza
encroach	ukudubula
encroachment	ukudubula
encrypt	ukubethela
encryption	ukubethela
encumbrance	ukukhunjulwa
encyclopedia	i-encyclopedia
end	ukuphela
end table	ithebula lokuphela
endanger	engozini
endangered	engozini
endangerment	ukubeka engcupheni
endearing	othandekayo
endeavor	zama
ended	iphelile
endemic	okukhona
endgame	ukuphela
ending	ukuphela
endless	okungapheli
endocarditis	endocarditis
endorse	vumela
endorsement	ukugunyazwa
endow	i-endow
endowed	unikezwe
endowment	isabelo
endpapers	amaphephandaba
endpoint	ukuphetha
endurance	ukukhuthazela
endure	ukukhuthazela
enduring	ukukhuthazela
enema	i-enema
enemy	isitha
energetic	amandla
energize	khuthaza
energy	amandla
enforce	ukuphoqelela
enforcement	ukuphoqelela
enforcer	i-enforcer
engage	bahlanganyele
engaged	uhlanganyele
engagement	ukubandakanya
engaging	ukuhlanganyela
engender	engender
engine	injini
engineer	unjiniyela
engineering	ubunjiniyela
engrave	ukuqoshwa
engraved	iqoshiwe
engraver	i-engraver
engraving	ukuqoshwa
engrossed	ukugxila
engrossing	ukuxhuma
engulf	faka
enhance	phuthukisa
enhancement	ukuthuthukiswa
enigma	enigma
enigmatic	enigmatic
enjoin	bhala
enjoy	ujabulele
enjoyable	kujabulise
enjoying	ujabulele
enjoyment	ukujabula
enlarge	khulisa
enlarged	ekhulisiwe
enlargement	ukukhuliswa
enlighten	ukukhanyisa
enlightened	ukhanyiselwa
enlightening	ukukhanyisa
enlightenment	ukukhanya
enlist	bhalisa
enliven	enliven
enmity	ubutha
ennui	ennui
enormity	ubukhulu
enormous	kakhulu
enormously	kakhulu
enraged	uthukuthele
enrich	ukucebisa
enroll	bhalisa
enrollment	ukubhaliswa
ensemble	ndawonye
ensign	bhala
enslave	isigqila
enslaved	ubugqila
enslavement	ukugqilazwa
ensue	kuqinisekiswe
ensure	qinisekisa
entail	kuhlanganisa
entangled	ziboshwe
entanglement	ukungena
enter	faka
enterprise	ibhizinisi
enterprising	ukungena
entertain	ukujabulisa
entertained	bajabule
entertainer	umnandi
entertaining	bezijabulisa
entertainment	ukuzijabulisa
enthralled	zifakiwe
enthusiasm	umdlandla
enthusiast	umdlandla
enthusiastic	ngentshiseko
entice	khohlisa
entire	konke
entirety	konke
entitle	kufanelekile
entity	inhlangano
entomology	entomology
entourage	entourage
entrails	emathunjini
entrance	Ukungena
entrapment	ukungena
entreat	ngicela
entree	Ukungena
entrepreneur	usomabhizinisi
entrust	faka
entry	ukungena
enumerate	enumerate
enumeration	ukulinganisa
envelope	imvilophu
envious	umona
environ	NO TRANSLATION
environment	imvelo
environmental	imvelo
environs	ezungeze
envision	cabanga
envoy	isithunywa
envy	umona
enzyme	i-enzyme
ephemeral	ephemeral
ephemeris	ephemeris
epic	i-epic
epidemic	ubhubhane
epidermis	i-epidermis
epidural	i-epidural
epilepsy	isithuthwane
epileptic	isithuthwane
epilogue	epilogue
epiphany	i-epiphany
episcopal	episcopal
episode	isiqephu
episodic	i-episodic
epistle	incwadi
epitaph	i-epitaph
epithet	epithet
epitome	i-epitome
epoch	isikhathi
equal	alinganayo
equality	ukulingana
equalization	ukulinganisa
equalize	ukulinganisa
equalizer	equalizer
equally	ngokulinganayo
equate	ukulinganisa
equation	ukulinganisa
equator	i-equator
equatorial	equatorial
equestrian	ama-equestrian
equidistant	equidistant
equilibration	ukulingana
equilibrium	ukulingana
equip	ukuhlomisa
equipment	imishini
equitable	ukulingana
equity	ukulingana
equivalence	ukulinganisa
equivalent	okulinganayo
equivocal	equivocal
era	inkathi
eradicate	ukuqeda
eradication	ukuqedwa
erase	susa
eraser	i-eraser
erasure	ukuphumula
ere	NO TRANSLATION
erect	yakha
erectile	erectile
erection	ukulungiswa
ergo	NO TRANSLATION
erode	ukuphumula
erosion	ukuguguleka
erotic	ukukhathazeka
erotica	i-erotica
err	phutha
errand	iphutha
errant	ehlulekayo
erratic	okungaqondakali
erratum	i-erratum
erroneous	iphutha
error	iphutha
erst	NO TRANSLATION
erudite	i-erudite
erupt	kuqhuma
eruption	ukuqhuma
escalade	escalade
escalate	kukhula
escalating	ikhula
escalation	ukukhula
escalator	escalator
escape	ukuphunyuka
escaped	basinda
escarpment	escarpment
eschew	eschew
escort	ukuhambisa
escrow	escrow
esophagus	isophagus
esoteric	esoteric
especial	NO TRANSLATION
espionage	izinhloli
espouse	faka
espresso	i-espresso
esprit	umoya
esquire	cela
essay	indaba
essayist	isayensi
essence	essence
essential	kubalulekile
essentially	ngokuyinhloko
establish	setha
established	esungulwe
establishment	ukusungulwa
estate	impahla
esteem	ukuhlonishwa
esteemed	ihlonishwe
esthetic	ishetic
estimable	ukulinganisela
estimate	ukulinganisela
estimation	ukulinganisa
estoppel	estoppel
estranged	uhlukanisiwe
estrogen	isrogen
estuary	estuary
etch	etch
etching	ukuhlanganisa
eternal	phakade
eternity	ukuphakade
ethanol	i-ethanol
ether	ether
ethereal	ethereal
ethic	ukuziphatha
ethical	ukuziphatha
ethics	ukuziphatha
ethnic	ubuhlanga
ethnography	ethnography
etiology	i-etiology
etiquette	isitifiketi
etymology	i-etymology
eucalyptus	i-eucalyptus
euchre	njalo
eugenics	ama-eugenics
eulogistic	i-eulogistic
eulogium	eulogium
eulogize	eulogize
eulogy	i-eulogy
euphemism	u-uphemism
euphoria	ukujabula
euphoric	euphoric
euro	i-euro
euthanasia	i-euthanasia
evacuate	phuma
evacuation	ukuphuma
evade	ukugwema
evaluate	hlola
evaluation	ukuhlolwa
evanescence	evanescence
evangelical	ivangeli
evangelist	umvangeli
evangelistic	ivangeli
evaporate	ukuphuphuma
evaporation	ukuvuthwa
evasion	ukuhlasela
evasive	evasive
eve	eve
evening	kusihlwa
evens	NO TRANSLATION
event	umcimbi
eventful	okwenzekayo
eventual	ekugcineni
eventuality	ukuphela kwesikhathi
evergreen	isihlahla esivamile
everlasting	phakade
evermore	kuze kube phakade
everyday	nsuku zonke
everyman	wonke umuntu
evict	ukuxosha
eviction	ukuxoshwa
evidence	ubufakazi
evident	kubonakala
evidentiary	ubufakazi
evil	okubi
evoke	vusa
evolution	ukuziphendukela kwemvelo
evolutionary	ukuziphendukela kwemvelo
evolve	ukuguquka
ewe	ewe
ex	ex
exacerbate	khulisa
exacerbation	ukucindezela
exact	ngokuqondile
exacting	ukuphoqa
exaggerate	ukuphanga
exaggerated	exaggerated
exaggeration	ukuphanga
exalt	phakamisa
exaltation	ukuphakanyiswa
exalted	waphakanyiswa
exam	ukuhlolwa
examination	ukuhlolwa
examine	hlola
examiner	umhloli
example	isibonelo
exasperated	edangele
exasperation	ukucasuka
excavate	funa
excavation	ukuthungwa
excavator	umfuyi
exceed	kudlula
exceeding	idlulile
excel	kakhulu
excellence	ubuhle
excellent	kuhle kakhulu
excelsior	kakhulu
excepting	ngaphandle
exception	ngaphandle
exceptional	okuhlukile
excerpt	ingcaphuno
excess	ngokweqile
excessive	ngokweqile
excessively	ngokweqile
exchange	ukushintshanisa
excise	i-excise
excision	ukuziqhenya
excitability	ukuzijabulisa
excitable	uvumelekile
excitation	ukukhathazeka
excite	ujabule
excited	ujabule
excitement	injabulo
exciting	okuthakazelisayo
exclaim	mema
exclamation	ukumemeza
exclude	ungafaki
excluded	ayifakiwe
excluding	kungabandakanyi
exclusion	ukukhishwa
exclusive	okukhethekile
excrement	indle
excretion	ukuphela
excruciating	kakhulu
excursion	ukuvakasha
excuse	izaba
exec	exec
execute	yenza
execution	ukubulawa
executioner	i-executioner
executive	isikhulu
executor	i-executor
exegesis	exegesis
exemplar	isibonelo
exemplary	isibonelo
exemplify	isibonelo
exempt	ukukhululeka
exemption	ukukhululwa
exercise	ukuzivocavoca
exert	sebenzisa
exertion	ukuzama
exhale	phuma
exhaust	ukuqeda
exhausted	bekhathele
exhaustion	ukukhathala
exhaustive	exhaustive
exhibit	bonisa
exhibition	umbukiso
exhilarated	bejabule
exhilarating	ejabulisayo
exhilaration	ukumemeza
exhort	khuthaza
exhortation	ukukhuthazwa
exhumation	ukuthunjwa
exhume	exhume
exigent	NO TRANSLATION
exile	ukudingiswa
exist	zikhona
existence	ubukhona
existent	ikhona
existential	ikhona
existing	ekhona
exit	Phuma
exodus	ukufuduka
exonerate	ukukhululeka
exorbitant	exorbitant
exorcism	i-exorcism
exorcist	i-exorcist
exotic	exotic
expand	ukwandisa
expanded	wandisa
expanse	isibhakabhaka
expansion	ukwandiswa
expansive	i-expansive
expatriate	ukuthunyelwa kwelinye izwe
expect	lindela
expectance	ukulindela
expectancy	ukulindela
expectant	okulindelekile
expectation	ukulindela
expected	kulindelwe
expecting	kulindeleke
expediency	ukuphelelwa isikhathi
expedient	kuhle
expedite	ukusheshisa
expedition	ukuhamba
expeditious	ukusheshisa
expel	phuma
expendable	kuyasebenza
expenditure	izindleko
expense	izindleko
expenses	izindleko
expensive	kubiza
experience	isipiliyoni
experienced	wazibonela
experiences	okuhlangenwe nakho
experiment	ukuhlolwa
experimental	ukuhlolwa
experimentation	ukuhlolwa
experimenter	ucwaningo
expert	uchwepheshe
expertise	ubuchwepheshe
expiration	ukuphela kwesikhathi
expire	iphelelwa yisikhathi
expired	iphelelwe yisikhathi
expiry	ukuphela kwesikhathi
explain	chaza
explanation	incazelo
explanatory	okuchazayo
expletive	ukuxosha
explication	incazelo
explicit	kucacile
explode	ukuqhuma
exploit	sebenzisa
exploitation	ukuxhashazwa
exploration	ukuhlola
exploratory	ukuhlola
explore	hlola
explorer	umhloli wokuhlola
explosion	ukuqhuma
explosions	ukuqhuma
explosive	ukuqhuma
expo	expo
exponent	ukucacisa
exponential	ukucacisa
export	ukuthekelisa
exportation	ukuthunyelwa kwamanye amazwe
expose	ukuveza
exposed	evuliwe
exposition	ukuveza
expository	i-expository
exposure	ukuchayeka
expound	ukuchaza
express	ukuveza
expression	inkulumo
expressive	okucacile
expressway	indlela engaphandle
expropriation	ukuhlwithwa
expulsion	ukuxoshwa
exquisite	kakhulu
exquisitely	kakhulu
extant	ikhona
extend	wandisa
extendable	wandisa
extended	enwetshiwe
extension	isandiso
extensive	okubanzi
extent	ubukhulu
exterior	ngaphandle
exterminate	ukuqothula
extermination	ukubhujiswa
exterminator	exterminator
external	zangaphandle
externally	ngaphandle
extinct	kuphelile
extinction	ukuqedwa
extinguish	ukucima
extinguisher	isitshizi
extol	ukudumisa
extort	ukudezela
extortion	ukuphanga
extra	okungeziwe
extract	khipha
extracting	ukukhipha
extraction	ukukhipha
extractor	udoti
extracurricular	okwedlule isikhathi
extradition	ukukhishwa
extrajudicial	okungekho emthethweni
extramural	okude
extraneous	ngaphandle
extraordinaire	extraordinaire
extraordinary	okungavamile
extraterrestrial	esezulwini
extravagance	ukukhwabanisa
extravagant	okudabukisayo
extravaganza	i-extravaganza
extreme	ngokweqile
extreme anticipation	ukulindela okukhulu
extreme disgust	ukungcola ngokweqile
extreme surprise	ukumangala ngokweqile
extreme trust	ukuthembela ngokweqile
extremely	kakhulu
extremely negative	kubi kakhulu
extremely positive	kuhle kakhulu
extremity	ukuphela
extricate	i-extricate
extrinsic	i-extrinsic
extrusion	extrusion
exuberance	ukujabula
exude	exude
eye	iso
eyeball	i-eyeball
eyebrow	ishiya
eyeful	amehlo
eyeglass	i-eyeglass
eyeglasses	ama-eyeglasses
eyelash	i-eyelashi
eyelet	i-eyelet
eyeliner	eyeliner
eyepiece	i-eyepiece
eyes	amehlo
eyesight	amehlo
eyewitness	owazibonela
fab	fab
fable	fable
fabled	yenziwe
fabric	indwangu
fabricate	yakha
fabricated	yenziwe
fabrication	ukwakha
fabulous	Amazing
facade	isicabha
face	ubuso
faceless	ezingenasici
facet	isici
facial	ubuso
facile	NO TRANSLATION
facilitate	lula
facility	indawo
facing	ebhekene nazo
facsimile	i-facsimile
fact	iqiniso
faction	iqembu
factor	isici
factory	ifoni
facts	amaqiniso
factual	iqiniso
faculties	ikhono
faculty	ubuhlakani
fad	fad
fade	siphelile
faded	yaphela
faeces	indlala
fag	fag
faggot	fagot
fail	uhluleka
failing	ukuhluleka
failure	ukwehluleka
fain	NO TRANSLATION
faint	ukuphelelwa amandla
fainting	ukuphelelwa amandla
fair	kahle
fairly	kahle
fairness	ubulungiswa
fairway	fairway
fairy	inganekwane
faith	ukholo
faithful	ethembekile
faithfulness	ukwethembeka
faithless	abangenalukholo
fake	fake
faker	faker
falafel	i-falafel
falcon	i-falcon
fall	ukuwa
fallacious	okungamanga
fallacy	i-fallacy
fallback	ozowela kuyo
fallible	ukuhluleka
falling	ukuwa
fallopian	i-fallopian
fallout	Iwa
fallow	i-fallow
false	FALSE
falsehood	amanga
falsely	ngamanga
falsification	ukuqamba amanga
falsified	bekhohlisiwe
falsify	ukukhohlisa
falsity	ukuphosa
falter	i-falter
fame	udumo
famed	udumile
familiar	ajwayelekile
familiarity	ukujwayela
familiarize	ufunde
family	umndeni
familytime	isikhathi somndeni
famine	indlala
famished	balambile
famous	odumile
famously	famously
fan	fan
fanatic	onamandla
fanatical	ukushisa
fanaticism	ukushisekela
fanciful	fanciful
fancy	fancy
fandango	fandango
fanfare	fanfare
fang	NO TRANSLATION
fangs	amafang
fanning	fanning
fantasia	fantasia
fantasize	fantasize
fantastic	fantastic
fantasy	fantasy
faraway	kude kakhulu
farce	farce
farcical	i-farcical
fare	ukuhamba
farewell	ukuhlehlisa
farm	epulazini
farmer	umlimi
farmhouse	indlu yokulima
farming	ukulima
farmland	epulazini
faro	faro
fart	fart
farther	phambili
fascia	i-fascia
fascinate	okuthakazelisayo
fascinated	okuthakazelisayo
fascinating	okuthakazelisayo
fascination	ukuthakazelisa
fascism	i-fascism
fascist	i-fascist
fashion	fashion
fashionable	imfashini
fastball	i-fastball
fasten	fasten
fastener	fastener
fastening	ukuqinisa
fasting	ukuzila ukudla
fat	amanoni
fatal	obulalayo
fatalism	i-fatalism
fatality	ukubulala
fate	isiphetho
fated	fated
fateful	uthakazelisayo
fathead	i-fathead
father	ubaba
fatherhood	ubaba
fatherland	ubaba
fatherly	ubaba
fathom	fathom
fatigue	ukukhathala
fatigued	edinwe
fatso	fatso
fatten	okunamafutha
fatty	amafutha
faucet	isibhamu
fault	iphutha
faultless	angenaphutha
faulty	iphutha
faun	faun
fauna	imfuyo
faux	faux
favor	umusa
favorable	kuhle
favorite	ozithandayo
favoriteholiday	NO TRANSLATION
favoritism	ukukhetha
fawn	i-fawn
fax	ifeksi
faze	NO TRANSLATION
fear	ukwesaba
feared	wesaba
fearful	wesaba
fearfully	ngesaba
fearing	esaba
fearless	ngokungesabi
fears	ukwesaba
fearsome	esabekayo
feasibility	ukufezeka
feasible	ukufezeka
feast	idili
feat	feat
feather	i-feather
feathered	i-feather
feature	isici
features	izici
febrile	febrile
fecal	fecal
feces	udoti
fecundity	fecundity
fed	ukondliwe
federal	federal
federation	inhlangano
fedup	NO TRANSLATION
fee	imali
feeble	elula
feed	feed
feedback	impendulo
feeder	feeder
feel	uzizwe
feelgood	feelgood
feeling	ukuzwa
feelingdown	NO TRANSLATION
feelinggood	NO TRANSLATION
feet	izinyawo
feign	faka
feigned	zifakiwe
feisty	u-feisty
felicity	ukuphefumula
feline	i-feline
fell	wawa
feller	feller
fellow	ozakwethu
fellowship	ukuhlanganyela
felon	felon
felony	i-felony
felt	wazizwa
female	owesifazane
feminine	abesifazane
femininity	okwesifazane
feminism	abesifazane
feminist	feminist
femme	NO TRANSLATION
femoral	abesifazane
femur	femur
fen	NO TRANSLATION
fence	ucingo
fenced	ivalwe
fencing	ucingo
fend	fend
fender	fender
fennel	fennel
ferment	ukuvuthwa
fermentation	ukuvutshelwa
fern	fern
ferocious	enesabekayo
ferocity	u-ferocity
ferret	ferret
ferry	isikebhe
ferryboat	NO TRANSLATION
fertile	evundile
fertility	ukuzala
fertilize	zalisa
fertilizer	umanyolo
fervent	fervent
fervor	fervor
fess	fess
fest	fest
festival	umkhosi
festive	imikhosi
fetal	fetal
fetch	funda
fete	NO TRANSLATION
fetish	fetish
fetus	fetus
feud	i-feud
feudal	feudal
feudalism	ama-feudalism
fever	umkhuhlane
feverish	feverish
fiancee	NO TRANSLATION
fiasco	fiasco
fiat	fiat
fib	i-fib
fiber	fiber
fiberglass	i-fiberglass
fibrosis	fibrosis
fibrous	i-fibrous
fickle	fickle
fiction	fiction
fictional	fictional
fictitious	ukukhohlisa
fiddle	fiddle
fiddler	fiddler
fidelity	ukwethembeka
fidgety	fidgety
fiduciary	i-fiduciary
field	inkambu
field hockey	iHockey yensimu
fielder	ukuphefumula
fiend	fiend
fiendish	i-fiendish
fierce	enesabekayo
fiery	umlilo
fiesta	fiesta
fiesty	NO TRANSLATION
fifteen	ezinhlanu
fifty	amahlanu
fig	umkhiwane
fight	ukulwa
fighter	fighter
fighting	ukulwa
fights	ulwa
figment	i-figment
figurative	okungokomfanekiso
figure	isibalo
figurine	umfashini
filament	i-filament
filamentous	i-filamentous
file	ifayela
filet	ifayelaf
filibuster	i-filibuster
filigree	filigree
filing	ukufaka
filings	ukuhlunga
fill	gcwalisa
filler	ukugcwalisa
fillet	i-fillet
filling	ukugcwalisa
filly	ngecala
film	ifilimu
filmmaker	umenzi wefilimu
filmy	NO TRANSLATION
filter	isihlungi
filth	ukungcola
filthy	inhlamba
filtration	ukuhlunga
fin	NO TRANSLATION
final	ukugcina
finale	isiphetho
finalist	wokugcina
finality	ukugcina
finalize	ukuqedela
finalized	kuqedile
finally	ekugcineni
finance	izimali
financial	ezezimali
financier	imali
finch	i-finch
find	thola
finder	umtholi
finding	ukuthola
fine	kuhle
finery	kuhle
finesse	finesse
finger	umunwe
fingernail	iminwe
fingerprint	iminwe yeminwe
fingerscrossed	NO TRANSLATION
finish	qedela
finished	kuqedile
finite	sekuphelile
fink	fink
fir	fir
fire	umlilo
firearm	isibhamu
firearms	izibhamu
fireball	i-fireball
firecracker	umlilo
firefight	isibhamu somlilo
firefighter	isibhamu somlilo
firefly	i-firefly
firehouse	umlilo
firelight	isibani somlilo
fireman	i-fireman
fireplace	indawo yomlilo
firepower	umlilo
fireproof	umlilo ongenamlilo
fireside	umlilo
firestorm	isibhamu
firewall	i-firewall
firewood	izinkuni
firework	isibhamu
fireworks	izibhamu
firing	ukudubula
firm	qinile
firmament	imvelo
firmly	ngokuqinile
firmness	ukuqina
first	okokuqala
firstborn	izibulo
firstworldprobs	NO TRANSLATION
fiscal	imali
fish	inhlanzi
fisherman	umdobi
fishery	ukudoba
fishing	ukudoba
fishing boat	isikebhe sokudoba
fishy	fishy
fissile	fissile
fission	fission
fissure	fissure
fist	isibhamu
fistfight	fistfight
fistful	i-fistful
fistula	i-fistula
fit	kufanelekile
fitness	ukufaneleka
fits	kufanelana
fitted	ifakwe
fitting	ukufaneleka
fittings	ukufakwa
five	emihlanu
fiver	fiver
fix	lungisa
fixable	ukulungiswa
fixation	ukulungiswa
fixed	fixed
fixer	i-fixer
fixture	ukulungiswa
fixtures	izakhiwo
fizz	fizz
fjord	fjord
flabbergast	i-flabbergast
flabbergasted	i-flabbergasted
flabby	i-flabby
flaccid	i-flaccid
flag	ifulegi
flagging	ukuphawula
flagpole	i-flagpole
flagrant	elimnandi
flagship	i-flagship
flagstaff	i-flagstaff
flair	i-flair
flak	iphutha
flake	i-flake
flaky	ipholile
flamboyant	flamboyant
flame	ilangabi
flamethrower	flamethrower
flaming	okuvuthayo
flamingo	flamingo
flammable	okuvuthayo
flan	flan
flange	flange
flank	flank
flanked	i-flanked
flanking	i-flanking
flannel	flannel
flap	i-flap
flapping	ukuphosa
flare	i-flare
flares	ama-flares
flaring	flaring
flash	ukukhanya
flashback	i-flashback
flashing	ukukhanya
flashlight	i-flashlight
flashy	flashy
flask	i-flask
flat	flat
flatbed	flatbed
flatfoot	flatfoot
flatness	flatness
flatten	flatten
flatter	i-flatter
flattered	yathandeka
flattering	ukuphoqa
flattery	ukubetha
flatulence	flatulence
flaunt	i-flaunt
flavor	ukunambitheka
flaw	iphutha
flawed	iphutha
flawless	okungenasici
flea	i-flea
fleabag	fleabag
fled	wabaleka
flee	baleka
fleece	uboya
fleet	izimoto
fleeting	ngokushesha
flesh	inyama
fleshy	ezinamafutha
flex	i-flex
flexibility	ukuguquguquka
flexible	ziguquguquke
flexin	i-flexin
flexion	i-flexion
flick	flick
flicker	ukuphoqa
flickering	flickering
flier	flier
flight	indiza
flighty	ibalekile
flimsy	flimsy
flinch	flinch
fling	fling
flint	i-flint
flip	flip
flip flop	flip flop
flipper	i-flipper
flipping	ukuphoqa
flirt	ngothando
flirtation	ngothando
flirting	ukudlala ngothando
flirty	flirty
float	float
floater	floater
flock	umhlambi
flog	funda
flood	isikhukhula
floor	phansi
flooring	phansi
floozy	floozy
flop	faka
floppy	i-floppy
flora	i-flora
floral	ezimbali
florist	isazi sezimbali
floss	floss
flotation	ukuhamba
flounder	sishaya
flour	ufulawa
flourish	uhlume
flow	ukugeleza
flower	imbali
flowering	izimbali
flowers	izimbali
flowery	izimbali
flows	ukugeleza
flu	umkhuhlane
fluctuate	ukushintshashintsha
fluctuating	ukuguquguquka
fluctuation	ukuguquguquka
flue	flue
fluency	ngokushelela
fluent	ngokushelelayo
fluff	fiphaza
fluffy	i-fluffy
fluid	uketshezi
fluidity	uketshezi
fluke	i-fluke
flunk	i-flunk
flunky	flunky
fluorescence	i-fluorescence
fluorescent	i-fluorescent
flurries	amafriji
flurry	i-flurry
flush	fula
flustered	ihlwitha
flute	umcibisholo
fluted	ukukhalaza
flutter	i-flutter
fluvial	umkhuhlane
flux	ukuhamba
fly	fly
flyboy	flyboy
flyer	iflaya
flying	ezindizayo
flywheel	flywheel
foal	foal
foam	iphunga
foaming	ukuqhuma
foamy	foamy
fob	fob
focal	okugxile
focus	gxila
fodder	ifolda
foe	isitha
fog	inkungu
foggy	foggy
foil	foil
foiled	kuphehliwe
fold	phinda
folded	ihlungwe
folder	ifolda
foliage	amahlamvu
folio	ifomu
folk	abantu
folklore	i-folklore
follicle	i-follicle
follicular	follicular
follow	landela
follower	umlandeli
folly	ubuwula
fond	uthando
fondle	funle
fondling	fondling
fondness	ukuthanda
fondue	fondue
font	ifonti
food	ukudla
foodie	foodie
fool	isiwula
fooled	bekhohlisiwe
foolhardy	foolhardy
fooling	ukukhohlisa
foolish	ubuwula
foolishness	ubuwula
foolproof	ungenangqondo
foot	unyawo
foot stool	isiteji sonyawo
footage	imidwebo
football	ibhola
footbridge	ibhuloho lokuhamba
foothold	i-foothold
footing	ukuhamba ngezinyawo
footlocker	footlocker
footloose	i-footloose
footpath	indlela yokuhamba
footprint	isinyathelo esinqunyiwe
footwear	izicathulo
footwork	ukuhamba ngezinyawo
fop	fop
forage	umanyolo
foray	i-foray
forbearance	ukubekezela
forbid	wenqabela
forbidding	wenqabela
force	qinisa
forced	ukucindezelwa
forceful	onamandla
forceps	i-forceps
forces	amabutho
forcibly	ngokuphoqeleka
ford	i-ford
fore	phambili
forearm	phambili
foreboding	ukukhathazeka
forecast	isibikezelo
forecaster	umbikezeli
foreclose	i-foreclose
foreclosure	ukuguqulwa
forefathers	okhokho
forefinger	Isibikezelo
forefront	phambili
forego	phambili
foregoing	okushiwo ngaphambili
foregone	kusengaphambili
foreground	ngaphambili
forehead	ebunzini
foreign	angaphandle
foreigner	angaphandle
foreman	isikhulu
foremost	phambili
forensic	ubuchwepheshe
forensics	ubuchwepheshe
foreplay	foreplay
forerunner	i-forerunner
foresee	ubheke phambili
foreseen	kubonisiwe
foresight	ukubonelela phambili
forest	ihlathi
forestall	ihlehlise
forethought	ukucabanga kuqala
foreveralone	ukuhlala uwedwa
forevermore	kuze kube phakade
forewarned	waxwayiswa ngaphambili
foreword	Isibikezelo
forfeit	ukulahlekelwa
forfeited	ilahlekelwe
forfeiture	ukuthunjwa
forge	yakha
forger	umqambi
forgery	ukukhishwa
forget	ukhohlwe
forgetful	ukukhohlwa
forgetfulness	ukukhohlwa
forgive	xolela
forgiven	uthethelelwe
forgiveness	ukuthethelelwa
forgiving	ukuthethelela
forgotten	ukhohliwe
fork	ifom
forked	ifakwe
forking	forking
forklift	i-forklift
forlorn	i-forlorn
form	ifomu
formal	kuhlelekile
formaldehyde	i-formaldehyde
formalism	i-formalalism
formality	uhlobo
format	ifomethi
formation	ukwakheka
formative	okwenzayo
formed	eyakhiwe
formidable	ezinamandla
forming	ukwakha
formless	okungenasimo
formula	ifomula
formulary	ifomula
formulate	ukwakha
fornicate	ubufebe
fornication	ubufebe
forsake	shiya
forsaken	ushiyiwe
forsooth	i-forsooth
fort	fort
forte	NO TRANSLATION
forthcoming	okuzayo
forthright	ngokuqondile
forthwith	ngokushesha
fortification	ukuqinisekiswa
fortify	qinisa
fortitude	ubuqotho
fortnight	amaviki amabili
fortnightly	kabili
fortress	inqaba
fortuitous	ukukhohlisa
fortunate	inhlanhla
fortune	inhlanhla
fortunes	inhlanhla
forty	amashumi amane
forum	isithangami
forward	phambili
forwarding	ukudlulisela
fossil	amafutha
fossils	izinsalela
foul	kungcolile
found	okutholiwe
foundation	isisekelo
founder	umsunguli
founding	ukusungula
foundry	isisekelo
fountain	umthombo
four	ezine
fourfold	ezine
foursome	ezine
fourteen	eziyishumi nane
fourth	wesine
fowl	izinyoni
fox	fox
foxhole	i-foxhole
foxtrot	foxtrot
foxy	i-foxy
foyer	foyer
fraction	ingxenyana
fractional	i-fractional
fracture	ukuphuka
fragile	sithekile
fragility	fragility
fragment	i-fragment
fragmentary	okuhlukanisayo
fragrance	iphunga
fragrant	elimnandi
frail	okuncane
frailty	ubuthakathaka
frame	uhlaka
framework	uhlaka
franc	i-franc
franchise	i-franchise
frank	ngokukhululekile
frankenstorm	NO TRANSLATION
frankness	ukukhululeka
frantic	iphoyisa
frantically	ngokukhululeka
frat	frat
fraternal	izihlobo
fraternity	ubuhlobo
fraud	ukukhwabanisa
fraudulent	ukukhwabanisa
fraught	ukuphazamiseka
fray	ehlulekayo
frayed	ephoqelekile
frazzled	i-frazzled
freak	freak
freaked	ukhululekile
freakedout	NO TRANSLATION
freakingout	NO TRANSLATION
freakish	i-freakish
freakout	Qhuma
freaky	freaky
freckle	ukukhululeka
free	mahhala
freebie	freebie
freedom	inkululeko
freehold	u-freehold
freelance	ukuzimela
freelancer	i-freelancer
freely	ngokukhululekile
freeman	ukhululekile
freestyle	i-freestyle
freeway	indlela yokuhamba
freeze	nqabela
freezer	efrijini
freezing	iqhwa
freight	izimpahla
freighter	umkhululi
french horn	iphondo laseFrance
frenetic	ukhululekile
frenzied	frenzied
frenzy	i-frenzy
frequency	imvamisa
frequent	njalo
frequently	njalo
fresco	i-fresco
fresh	fresh
freshair	NO TRANSLATION
freshen	freshen
freshener	freshener
freshman	u-freshman
freshness	ukushisa
freshstart	i-freshstart
freshwater	amanzi ahlanzekile
fret	fret
fretful	fretful
friar	friar
fricking	fricking
friction	ukuxabana
friday	ngehora
fridge	ifriji
fried	okuthosiwe
friend	umngane
friendless	abangenalutho
friendliness	ubuhlobo
friendly	nobungane
friends	abangane
friendship	ubungane
frigate	frigate
friggen	NO TRANSLATION
fright	ukwesaba
frighten	funa
frightened	wesaba
frightening	esabisayo
frightful	esabekayo
frigid	frigid
fringe	i-fringe
fringed	i-fringed
frisbee	frisbee
frisk	NO TRANSLATION
frisky	frisky
frivolous	okufisa
frock	amaqabunga
frog	frog
froggy	froggy
frolic	frolic
front	phambili
frontage	phambili
frontal	phambili
frontier	emngceleni
fronting	phambili
frontispiece	phambili
frost	isithwathwa
frostbite	i-frostbite
frosted	frosted
frosting	frosting
frosty	frosty
froth	froth
frothy	frothy
frown	ukukhwabanisa
frowning	ukucasula
frozen	efriziwe
frugal	ukuphazamiseka
fruit	izithelo
fruit punch	izithelo zesikhukhula
fruitcake	izithelo
fruitful	okuvuthiwe
fruition	ukukhululeka
fruitless	ezingenasithelo
fruits	izithelo
fruity	fruity
frustrate	khathazeka
frustrated	kuphazamisekile
frustrates	kuphazamisa
frustrating	kuphazamisekile
frustration	ukukhungatheka
fry	Fry
fryer	fryer
fuchsia	i-fuchsia
fuck	fuck
fuckedoff	fuckedoff
fucker	fucker
fucking	fucking
fuckoff	Hamba la
fucksake	fucksake
fucktard	ibhakede
fuckyeah	fokofu ya
fudge	i-fudge
fuel	uphethiloli
fugitive	obalekile
fulcrum	i-fulcrum
fulfill	ukufeza
fulfilled	yagcwaliseka
fulfilling	ukufeza
fulfillment	ukugcwaliseka
full	egcwele
fullback	ukubuyela emuva
fullness	ukugcwala
fully	ngokugcwele
fulsome	fulsome
fumble	fumble
fume	fume
fumigation	fumigation
fumin	NO TRANSLATION
fuming	fuming
fun	kumnandi
function	umsebenzi
functional	ukusebenza
fund	isikhwama
fundamental	okuyisisekelo
fundamentalist	i-basicist
fundamentally	ngokuyisisekelo
funday	funday
funding	imali
fundraiser	fundraiser
fundraising	fundraising
funds	izimali
funeral	umngcwabo
fungus	ukhunta
funk	funk
funky	funky
funnel	i-funnel
funny	funny
fur	ubomvu
furious	uthukuthele
furiously	ngokufutheka
furlong	furlong
furlough	furlough
furnace	isithando somlilo
furnish	zinikeze
furnishings	impahla
furniture	ifenisha
furor	furor
furrow	i-furrow
furry	ubomvu
furtherance	ukuqhubeka
fury	ukufutheka
fuse	fuse
fuselage	fuselage
fusion	fusion
fuss	fuss
fussy	fussy
fustrated	NO TRANSLATION
futile	akukho lutho
futility	ubuwula
futon	i-Futon
future	ikusasa
fuzz	fuzz
fuzzy	fuzzy
gab	NO TRANSLATION
gaby	gaby
gad	gad
gadget	igajethi
gaff	i-gaff
gag	gag
gaga	gaga
gage	i-gage
gaggle	gaggle
gahhh	NO TRANSLATION
gaiety	ukuzethemba
gain	inzuzo
gainful	inzuzo
gaining	ukuthola
gait	i-gait
gal	gal
gala	gala
galactic	i-galactic
galaxy	i-galaxy
gale	gale
gall	induku
gallant	ezinzima
gallantry	i-gallantry
gallbladder	i-gallbladder
galled	ukuphazamiseka
gallery	igalari
galley	i-galley
gallon	i-gallon
gallop	i-gallop
galloping	i-galloping
gallows	umgodi
galore	galore
galvanic	galvanic
gamble	ukudlala
gambler	umgembula
gambling	ukugembula
game	umdlalo
gameday	gameday
gametime	isikhathi sezemidlalo
gaming	imidlalo
gamma	gamma
gammon	gammon
gamut	gamut
gander	gander
gang	iqembu
gangland	i-gangland
gangrene	i-gangrene
gangster	i-gangster
gangway	i-gangway
gaol	i-gaol
gap	igebe
gape	gape
gaping	gaping
garage	igaraji
garb	ijaji
garbage	udoti
garbled	ivinjiwe
garden	ingadi
gardener	umgadi wensimu
gardening	ukulima
gardens	izingadi
gargle	i-gargle
gargoyle	i-gargoyle
garish	gada
garlic	ugaliki
garment	ingubo
garner	i-garner
garnet	i-garnet
garnish	Hlobisa
garrison	ibutho
garter	i-garter
gas	igesi
gaseous	gaseous
gash	i-gash
gasification	i-gasification
gasket	gasket
gasoline	uphethiloli
gasp	ushiye
gasping	i-gasping
gassy	gassy
gastric	isisu
gastronomy	gastronomy
gate	Isango
gatekeeper	umgcini wesango
gateway	isango
gather	qoqa
gatherer	ukuqoqa
gathering	ukuqoqa
gator	i-gator
gatorade	gatorade
gauche	NO TRANSLATION
gaudy	gaudy
gauge	i-gauge
gauging	i-gauging
gaunt	gaunt
gauntlet	i-gauntlet
gauze	i-gauze
gavel	gavel
gawk	gawk
gay	gay
gaze	bheka
gazebo	gazebo
gazelle	iphephe
gazette	iphephandaba
gazetteer	gasetteer
gazillion	i-gazillion
gazing	ukubuka
gear	gear
geek	geek
geeky	geeky
geez	geez
geezer	geezer
geisha	geisha
gel	i-gel
gelatin	i-gelatin
geld	NO TRANSLATION
gelding	ukugaya
gem	gem
gemini	gemini
gender	ubulili
genealogy	uhlu lozalo
general	jikelele
generality	okujwayelekile
generalization	ukukhiqiza
generally	ngokuvamile
generate	ukukhiqiza
generation	isizukulwane
generative	okukhiqizayo
generator	generator
generic	okuvamile
generosity	ukuphana
generous	unomusa
genesis	i-genesis
genetic	izakhi zofuzo
genetics	izakhi zofuzo
genial	ukuqonda
genie	genie
genital	ubulili
genitalia	i-genitalia
genius	ikhono
genocide	uhlanga
genome	i-genome
genre	uhlobo
gent	gent
genteel	genteel
gentile	gentile
gentle	mnene
gentleman	umlindi
gentlemanly	ubumnene
gentleness	ubumnene
gently	ngobumnene
gentry	i-gentry
genuine	okuqotho
genus	uhlobo
geographic	indawo
geographical	indawo
geography	geography
geological	geological
geologist	geologist
geology	geology
geometric	iJometri
geometry	i-geometry
geranium	i-geranium
gerbil	gerbil
geriatric	geriatric
germ	igciwane
german	isi-German
germane	i-germane
germinate	zihlume
germination	ukuhluma
germs	amagciwane
gestation	ukubeletha
gesture	isenzo
get	thola
getaway	Phuma
getoverit	NO TRANSLATION
getoveryourself	NO TRANSLATION
getup	Sukuma
getyourown	ukutholwa
ghastly	kabi
ghetto	i-ghetto
ghost	umoya
ghostly	ghostly
ghoul	ghoul
giant	giant
gibberish	gibberish
giddy	i-giddy
gift	isipho
gifted	unesipho
gifts	izipho
gig	i-gig
gigantic	omkhulu
giggle	giggle
giggles	i-giggles
giggling	ukugubha
gigolo	gigolo
gilded	ihlelwe
gill	gill
gills	gills
gilt	gilt
gimmick	gimmick
gimp	gimp
gin	i-gin
ginger	i-ginger
gingerbread	i-gingerbread
gingerly	gingerly
ginseng	ginseng
giraffe	isirafu
girder	ibhande
girdle	ibhande
girl	intombazane
girlfriend	intombi
girlie	girlie
girlish	ibhande
girly	girly
girth	ibhande
gist	isikhumba
give	unike
giveaway	okunikezwayo
giver	NO TRANSLATION
giving	ukunikeza
gizmo	i-gizmo
gizzard	i-gizzard
glabrous	i-glabrous
glacial	glacial
glacier	i-glacier
glad	ujabule
glade	i-glade
gladiator	i-gladiator
gladness	injabulo
glamorous	elihle
glamour	ubuhle
glance	ukubuka
gland	gland
glare	i-glare
glaring	glaring
glass	ingilazi
glasses	izibuko
glassware	glassware
glaucoma	i-glaucoma
glaze	i-glaze
glazed	i-glazed
gleam	gleam
gleaming	kukhanya
glean	ukukhothoza
glee	glee
gleeful	ehlelekile
glen	glen
glib	i-glib
glide	glide
glider	i-glider
glimmer	glimmer
glimpse	ukubuka
glint	glint
glisten	gwema
glitch	glitch
glitter	i-glitter
glittering	ukukhazimula
gloat	i-gloat
global	jikelele
globe	iphasi
globular	i-globular
gloom	ubumnyama
gloomy	ibuhlungu
glorification	ukukhazimuliswa
glorified	udunyiswe
glorify	khazimulisa
glorious	inkazimulo
glory	inkazimulo
gloss	i-gloss
glossary	i-glossary
glossy	kuluhlaza
glove	iglavu
gloves	amagilavu
glow	ukukhanya
glowing	ekhanyayo
glucose	i-glucose
glue	glue
glum	glum
glut	glut
gluten	gluten
glutton	umlutha
gluttony	ukuhaha
glycerin	i-glycerin
gnat	izinkukhu
gnome	gnome
go	hamba
goal	umgomo
goalie	i-goalie
goals	imigomo
goat	imbuzi
goatee	i-goatee
gob	i-gob
gobble	i-gobble
goblet	i-goblet
goblin	i-goblin
god	unkulunkulu
godbless	NO TRANSLATION
goddamn	goddamn
goddamned	unkulunkulu
goddess	unkulunkulukazi
godfather	godfather
godforsaken	unkulunkulu olahlekelwe
godisgood	godisgood
godisgreat	NO TRANSLATION
godless	unkulunkulu
godlike	unkulunkulu onjengaye
godly	ukuhlonipha uNkulunkulu
godmother	unkulunkulukazi
godsend	godsend
godson	godson
gofuckyourself	Hamba uyozifuqa
goggle	i-goggle
goggles	izigqoko
gold	igolide
golden	igolide
goldfish	igolide
golf	igalofu
golfer	i-golfer
golfing	igalofu
gondola	i-gondola
gone	uhambe
goner	goner
gong	NO TRANSLATION
gonorrhea	i-gonorrhea
goo	goo
goober	i-goober
good	kuhle
goodbye	Hamba kahle
goodday	usuku oluhle
goodfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
goodhealth	NO TRANSLATION
goodie	i-goodie
goodies	okukhona
goodlife	i-goodlife
goodly	kahle
goodmood	NO TRANSLATION
goodmorning	Sawubona
goodmusic	i-goodmusic
goodness	ubuhle
goodnews	i-goodnews
goods	izimpahla
goodtimes	izikhathi ezimnandi
goodvibes	NO TRANSLATION
goodwill	ukuthakazelelwa
goody	kuhle
gooey	gooey
goof	i-goof
goofball	i-goofball
goofy	goofy
goon	Qhubeka
gooood	i-gooood
goop	i-goop
goose	ihansi
gopher	gopher
gore	ukufaka
gorge	umfula
gorgeous	kuhle
gorilla	i-gorilla
gory	gory
gospel	ivangeli
gossip	ukuhleka
gothic	i-gothic
gouge	gouge
goulash	goulash
gourd	umgogodla
gourmet	gourmet
gout	i-gout
govern	lawula
governess	i-governess
governing	ebusa
government	uhulumeni
governmental	uhulumeni
governor	umbusi
gown	ingubo
grab	uthatha
grace	umusa
graceful	umusa
gracias	NO TRANSLATION
gracious	unomusa
graciously	ngomusa
grad	NO TRANSLATION
gradation	ukukhishwa
grade	ibanga
graded	ibanjwe
grader	umphathi
grades	amamaki
gradient	i-gradient
gradschool	izikole
gradual	kancane kancane
gradually	kancane kancane
graduate	iziqu
graduation	ukuphothula iziqu
graffiti	graffiti
graft	ukufakelwa
grail	grail
grain	okusanhlamvu
gram	igremu
grammar	uhlelo lolimi
grand	umkhulu
grand theft auto	ukweba okukhulu ngokuzenzakalelayo
grandchild	umzukulu
grandchildren	abazukulu
granddad	umkhulu
granddaddy	granddaddy
granddaughter	umzukulu
grandeur	ubukhulu
grandfather	umkhulu
grandiose	kakhulu
grandma	umkhulu
grandmother	ugogo
grandpa	umkhulu
grandson	umzukulu
grandstand	i-grandstand
grange	i-grange
granite	i-granite
granny	ugogo
granola	i-granola
grant	ukunikeza
granted	unikezwe
grantee	umxhaso
grantor	umnikezeli
granular	i-granular
granule	i-granule
grape	amagilebhisi
grape juice	ijusi lomvini
grapefruit	isithelo segilebhisi
grapes	amagilebhisi
grapevine	umvini
graph	igrafu
graphic	imifanekiso
graphics	ihluzo
graphite	i-graphite
grapple	bamba
grappling	ukucindezela
grasp	ukuqonda
grasping	ukubamba
grass	utshani
grasshopper	inhlanzi
grassy	utshani
grate	grate
grated	igwetshiwe
grateful	ngiyabonga
gratification	ukuthokoza
gratified	ukuthokoza
gratify	zijabulise
gratifying	okujabulisayo
grating	ukugaya
gratis	NO TRANSLATION
gratitude	ukubonga
gratuitous	mahhala
gratuity	mahhala
grave	ingcwaba
gravel	igravel
graver	NO TRANSLATION
graveyard	amathuna
gravitate	bhala
gravitation	i-gravitation
gravitational	ukuvusa
gravity	amandla adonsela phansi
gravy	i-gravy
gray	grey
graze	udla
grease	amafutha
greased	ukugcoba
greaser	i-greaser
greasy	i-greasy
great	kuhle
great anticipation	ukulindela okukhulu
great aunt	umkhulukazi
great disgust	kuhle kakhulu
great grandfather	umkhulu omkhulu
great grandma	umkhulu omkhulu
great grandmother	ukhokho
great grandpa	umkhulu omkhulu
great surprise	kumangala okukhulu
great trust	ukuthembela okukhulu
great uncle	umalume omkhulu
greatday	NO TRANSLATION
greater	okukhulu
greatest	omkhulu kunabo bonke
greatfriends	NO TRANSLATION
greatful	NO TRANSLATION
greatly	kakhulu
greatly negative	kakhulu kabi
greatly positive	kuhle kakhulu
greatness	ubukhulu
greatnight	NO TRANSLATION
greed	ukuhaha
greedy	ukuhaha
green	oluhlaza
green bean	ubhontshisi obuluhlaza
green pepper	upelepele oluhlaza
green snake	inyoka eluhlaza
greenhouse	ukushisa okushisa
greenish	okwesibhakabhaka
greenwood	greenwood
greet	babingelela
greeted	wabingelela
greeting	ukubingelela
gregarious	u-gregarious
grenade	i-grenade
grey	grey
greyhound	i-greyhound
grid	igridi
gridiron	gridiron
grief	usizi
grievance	isikhalazo
grieve	usizi
grieved	usizi
grieving	usizi
grievous	buhlungu
griffin	griffin
grill	i-grill
grille	i-grille
grilled	ziboshwe
grim	okubi
grime	grime
grimy	okubuhlungu
grin	i-grin
grind	gaya
grinder	i-grinder
grinding	ukugaya
grindstone	i-grindstone
gringo	i-gringo
grip	bamba
gripe	gripe
grisly	grisly
grist	grist
grit	grit
grits	i-grits
gritty	gritty
grizzly	grizzly
groan	bubula
grocer	i-grocer
groceries	ukudla
grocery	ukudla
groggy	groggy
groin	i-groin
groom	umkhwenyana
groove	i-groove
groovy	i-groovy
grope	ukuphunga
gross	okuphelele
grotesque	i-grotesque
grotto	i-grotto
grouch	i-grouch
grouchy	i-grouchy
ground	umhlabathi
grounded	isisekelo
groundhog	i-groundhog
grounding	ukugxila
groundless	okungenasici
grounds	izizathu
groundwork	isisekelo
group	iqembu
groupie	groupie
grouping	ukuhlanganisa
grouse	qhafaza
grout	i-grout
grove	i-grove
grovel	i-grovel
grow	sikhule
growl	i-growl
growling	ukukhala
growls	izikhukhula
grownup	abantu abadala
growth	ukukhula
growthefuckup	ukukhulisa
grr	i-grr
grrr	i-grrr
grrrrr	i-grrrrr
grub	i-grub
grubby	i-grubby
grudge	intukuthelo
grudging	ukugabisa
grudgingly	ngokudabuka
gruel	i-gruel
grueling	okukhathazayo
gruesome	okuyingozi
gruff	gruff
grumble	ukukhubekisa
grump	i-grump
grumpy	i-grumpy
grunt	hlala
grunting	ukugabisa
guacamole	guacamole
guano	guano
guarantee	isiqinisekiso
guaranty	i-guaranty
guard	qapha
guarded	kuqashwe
guardhouse	indlu yokuqapha
guardian	umbheki
guardianship	ukunakekelwa
guards	abalindi
gubernatorial	gubernatorial
guerilla	i-guerilla
guerrilla	i-guerrilla
guess	ukuqagela
guesser	guesser
guesswork	ukuqagela
guest	isivakashi
guesthouse	Indlu yezivakashi
guidance	isiqondiso
guide	isiqondiso
guidebook	ibhuku lokuqondisa
guidelines	imihlahlandlela
guiding	ukuqondisa
guild	inhlangano
guile	ukukhohlisa
guillotine	guillotine
guilt	unecala
guilty	unecala
guinea	guinea
guise	ukuphoqa
guitar	isiginci
guitarist	umculi
gules	imiyalo
gulf	i-gulf
gull	i-gull
gullet	i-gullet
gullible	ukuhlukumezeka
gully	gully
gulp	gulp
gum	i-gum
gumbo	gumbo
gummy	gummy
gumption	gumption
gun	isibhamu
gunboat	isibhamu
gunfight	gunfight
gunfighter	isibhamu
gunfire	isibhamu
gunk	gunk
gunman	gunman
gunmen	izibhamu
gunner	isibhamu
gunnery	gunnery
gunplay	gunplay
gunpoint	isibhamu
gunpowder	isibhamu
gunshot	isibhamu
gunslinger	gunslinger
gurney	gurney
guru	guru
gush	ukuvula
gusher	i-gusher
gusset	i-gusset
gust	gust
gusto	NO TRANSLATION
gusty	gusty
gut	ugundane
gutless	ukungenalutho
guts	guts
gutsy	gutsy
gutter	umthamo
guy	umfana
guzzler	i-guzzler
guzzling	ukuphoqa
gym	i-gym
gymnasium	i-gymnasium
gymnast	i-gymnast
gymnastic	i-gymnastic
gymnastics	ukuvocavoca
gynecologist	gynecologist
gynecology	ubuchopho
gypsy	gypsy
gyroscope	i-gyroscope
habit	umkhuba
habitat	indawo yokuhlala
habitation	indawo yokuhlala
habitual	okuvamile
habitually	ngokuvamile
hacienda	hacienda
hack	Hack
hacker	i-hacker
hacksaw	i-hacksaw
hadenough	NO TRANSLATION
hag	Hag
haggard	i-haggard
haggle	haggle
haiku	haiku
hail	isichotho
hair	izinwele
hairball	hairball
hairbrush	hairbrush
haircut	izinwele
hairdo	hairdo
hairdresser	umculi wezinwele
hairdryer	umshini wokomisa izinwele
hairless	izinwele
hairline	izinwele
hairpin	i-hairpin
hairspray	i-hairspray
hairstyle	ikhanda
hairy	enezinwele
hale	hale
half	isigamu
half dollar	idoli lehafu
halfback	i-halfback
halftime	i-halftime
halfway	isigamu
halibut	i-halibut
hall	ihholo
hallelujah	Haleluya
hallmark	zikhomba
hallowed	ingcwelisiwe
hallucination	ukucabangela
hallway	umgwaqo
halo	i-halo
halt	ukuma
halter	i-halter
halting	ukumisa
halve	i-halve
halving	ukuhlukanisa
ham	itshweba
hamburger	i-hamburger
hamlet	indlu
hammer	isando
hammerhead	i-hammerhead
hammering	ukunyakaza
hammock	i-hammock
hamper	ukuphazamiseka
hamster	hamster
hamstring	i-hamstring
hand	isandla
handbag	isikhwama
handball	ngesandla
handbook	ibhuku
handcuff	i-handcuff
handful	okuncane
handgun	isandla
handheld	iphathwe ngesandla
handicap	ukukhubazeka
handicapped	abakhubazekile
handicraft	ngesandla
handiwork	imisebenzi yezandla
handkerchief	ihekhi
handle	phatha
handler	umphathi
handmade	ezenziwe ngezandla
handout	ukuhambisa
handprint	isandla sesandla
handshake	isandla
handsome	kuhle
handwriting	ukubhala ngesandla
handy	sisebenzisekile
handyman	i-handyman
hang	hang
hangar	i-Hangar
hanger	hanger
hanging	ilenga
hangman	i-Hangman
hangout	ukuzikhipha
hangover	i-hangover
hangry	NO TRANSLATION
hank	hank
hankering	ukuhlenga
hanky	hanky
hap	NO TRANSLATION
haphazard	i-haphazard
hapless	kungenasiphelo
happen	kwenzeke
happening	kwenzekani
happier	ujabule
happiest	ujabule kakhulu
happily	ngenjabulo
happiness	injabulo
happy	ujabule
happydance	happydance
happyday	usuku olumnandi
happyheart	happyheart
happyholidays	NO TRANSLATION
happynewyear	NO TRANSLATION
happyplace	NO TRANSLATION
happytweet	NO TRANSLATION
happyvalentinesday	NO TRANSLATION
harass	ukuhlukumeza
harassing	ukuhlukumeza
harassment	ukuhlukunyezwa
harbinger	i-harbinger
harbor	ichweba
hard	kanzima
hardball	i-hardball
hardcore	i-hardcore
harden	kanzima
hardened	lukhuni
hardening	ukuqina
hardheaded	inhloko elukhuni
hardness	ubunzima
hardship	ubunzima
hardware	ihadiwe
hardwood	i-hardwood
hardworking	ukusebenza kanzima
hardy	liqinile
hare	umvundla
harebrained	i-harebrained
harem	harem
hark	hark
harlot	isifebe
harm	ukulimaza
harmful	kuyingozi
harmless	okungenabungozi
harmonica	i-harmonica
harmonics	i-harmoniki
harmonious	kuvumelana
harmoniously	ngokuvumelana
harmonize	kuvumelana
harmony	ukuvumelana
harness	i-harness
harp	ihabhu
harper	i-harper
harpoon	i-harpoon
harpsichord	i-harpsichord
harrowing	ukulimaza
harry	hamba
harsh	enzima
harshness	ukukhwabanisa
hart	hart
harvest	ukuvuna
hash	hash
hashish	hashish
hassle	ukuhlukunyezwa
haste	masinya
hasten	masinya
hastily	ngokushesha
hasty	ngokushesha
hat	isikhwama
hatch	ukuphahlazeka
hatchet	i-hatchet
hate	inzondo
hateeee	NO TRANSLATION
hateeveryone	NO TRANSLATION
hateful	inzondo
hater	uyamzonda
hateyou	NO TRANSLATION
hating	ukuzonda
hatred	inzondo
haughty	ozidlayo
haul	haul
haulage	haulage
haunt	haunt
haunted	haunted
have	unayo
haven	indawo
havoc	havoc
haw	haw
hawk	hawk
hawking	ukuphanga
hay	NO TRANSLATION
haye	NO TRANSLATION
hayride	i-hayride
haystack	i-haystack
haywire	haywire
hazard	ingozi
hazardous	ezinobungozi
haze	haze
hazmat	i-hazmat
hazy	hazy
head	ikhanda
headache	ikhanda
headaches	ikhanda
headband	ikhanda
headdress	i-headdress
header	ikhanda
headgear	ikhanda
heading	ukuqondisa
headland	ikhanda
headless	ingenangqondo
headlight	ukukhanya kwekhanda
headline	isihloko
headliner	i-headliner
headlock	i-headlock
headlong	i-headlong
headmaster	umphathi omkhulu
headphones	i-headphones
headquarter	i-headquarter
headquarters	indlunkulu
headset	i-headset
headstone	itshe eliyinhloko
headstrong	unenkani
headway	umgwaqo
heady	ikhanda
heal	philisa
healer	umphulukisi
healing	ukuphulukiswa
health	impilo
healthcare	ukunakekela impilo
healthful	okunempilo
healthy	enempilo
heap	inqwaba
hear	uzwe
hearer	ozwayo
hearing	ukuzwa
hearsay	ukuzwa
hearse	i-hearse
heart	inhliziyo
heart disease	Isifo senhliziyo
heartache	izinhliziyo
heartattack	NO TRANSLATION
heartbeat	ukushaya kwenhliziyo
heartbreak	i-heartbreak
heartbreaker	i-heartbreaker
heartbreaking	okubuhlungu
heartbroken	inhliziyo
heartburn	ukushaya kwenhliziyo
hearted	inhliziyo
heartfelt	ngokusuka enhliziyweni
hearth	i-hearth
heartily	ngenhliziyo yonke
heartland	inhliziyo
heartless	abangenangqondo
hearts	izinhliziyo
heartsick	inhliziyoick
heartworm	izinhliziyo
hearty	inhliziyo
heat	ukushisa
heated	ukufutheka
heater	ukushisa
heath	u-heath
heathen	izizwe
heather	i-heather
heating	Ukushisa
heave	ukuphakama
heaven	izulu
heavenly	ezulwini
heavens	amazulu
heavily	kakhulu
heaviness	ubunzima
heaving	ukuhamba
heavy	esindayo
heavy metal	insimbi enzima
heavyweight	i-heavyweight
heck	ukuphawula
hectares	amahektare
hectic	i-hectic
hedge	udoti
hedgehog	i-hedgehog
hedonism	i-hedonism
hee	hee
heed	thola
heel	isithende
heels	izithende
heft	i-heft
hefty	ukhululekile
hegemonic	i-hegemonic
heheh	NO TRANSLATION
heifer	isithole
height	ukuphakama
heighten	ukuphakama
heightened	iphakanyisiwe
heinous	buhlungu
heir	indlalifa
heiress	i-heiress
heirloom	i-heirloom
heirs	izindlalifa
heist	heist
helical	i-helical
helicopter	i-helicopter
helipad	i-helipad
heliport	i-heliport
helium	i-helium
helix	helix
hell	isihogo
hellfire	isihogo somlilo
hellhole	i-hellhole
hellish	isihogo
helm	u-helm
helmet	isigqoko
helmsman	u-helmsman
help	Usizo
helper	umsizi
helpful	kuyasiza
helpless	abangenalutho
helplessness	ukungabi nasizo
hem	NO TRANSLATION
hematite	i-hematite
hematoma	i-hematoma
hemi	hemi
hemisphere	i-hemisphere
hemispheric	i-hemispheric
hemlock	i-hemlock
hemoglobin	i-hemoglobin
hemorrhage	ukubola kwesisu
hemorrhoids	i-hemorrhoids
hemostat	i-hemostat
hemp	i-hemp
hen	NO TRANSLATION
henceforth	kusukela manje
henhouse	i-henhouse
hepatitis	isifo sofuba
herald	i-herald
heraldry	uhulumeni
herb	isithombo
herbaceous	i-herbaceous
herbal	i-herbal
herbarium	i-herbarium
herbs	amakhambi
herd	umhlambi
hereditary	ifa
heredity	ukuzalwa
heresy	ukuhlubuka
heretic	uzwela
heretical	ukuphikisa
heretofore	ngaphambili
hereunto	laphaunto
herewith	lapha
heritage	ifa
hermaphrodite	i-hermaphrodite
hermeneutics	i-hermeneutics
hermit	i-hermit
hernia	i-hernia
hero	hero
heroic	ubuqhawe
heroics	amaqhawe
heroin	heroin
heroine	heroine
heroism	ubuqhawe
herpes	i-herpes
herpesvirus	i-herpesvirus
herring	i-herring
hertz	i-hertz
hesitant	bekungabaza
hesitate	unqikaze
hesitating	ukungabaza
hesitation	ukungabaza
hetero	hetero
heterogeneity	i-heterogeneity
heterosexual	u-heterosexual
hew	gcoba
hex	hex
hexagon	iheksagoni
heyday	i-heyday
hiatus	i-hiatus
hibernate	i-hibernate
hibernation	ukushona
hiccup	hiccup
hick	i-hick
hickey	i-hickey
hickory	hickory
hidden	efihliwe
hide	fihla
hideaway	hideaway
hideous	hideous
hideout	ukufihla
hiding	ukufihla
hierarchical	i-hierarchical
hierarchy	ubukhosi
hieroglyphics	hieroglyphics
high	phezulu
high heels	izithende eziphakeme
highball	i-highball
higher	ephakeme
highest	ephakeme kakhulu
highland	intaba
highlands	iziqhingi
highlight	qokomisa
highness	ukuphakama
hight	ukuphakama
hightail	ukugqoka
highway	umgwaqo omkhulu
hijack	ukuphanga
hijacker	isigebengu
hike	ukuhamba
hiker	umgibeli
hiking	ukuhamba
hiking boot	ukuhamba ngesikebhe
hilarious	hilarious
hilarity	ubuhle
hill	intaba
hillside	intaba
hilltop	intaba
hilly	u-hilly
hilt	hilt
hind	i-hind
hinder	ukuvimbela
hindering	ukuvimbela
hindrance	isithintelo
hindsight	ukucabanga
hinge	isondo
hint	ukusikisela
hinterland	e-hinterland
hip	i-hip
hip hop	hip hop
hippie	i-hippie
hippo	imvubu
hippopotamus	i-hippopotamus
hire	ukuqasha
hirsute	u-hirsute
hiss	umlando wakhe
hissing	ukuphanga
histology	i-histology
historian	isazi-mlando
historic	umlando
historical	umlando
historiography	i-historiography
history	umlando
hit	hit
hitch	i-hitch
hitchhike	i-hitchhike
hitchhiker	i-hitchhiker
hitherto	kuze kube manje
hitter	i-hitter
hive	isidleke
hives	imihlathi
hoard	i-hoard
hoarse	ukugcoba
hoary	i-hoary
hoax	ukuthula
hob	i-hob
hobbit	i-hobbit
hobby	ukuzilibazisa
hobo	i-hobo
hock	hock
hockey	i-hockey
hoe	NO TRANSLATION
hog	i-hog
hogwash	i-hogwash
hohoho	NO TRANSLATION
hoist	i-hoist
hokey	hokey
hold	ubambe
holder	umnikazi
holding	ubambe
holdup	Yima
hole	umgodi
holiday	iholidi
holidays	amaholide
holidayseason	NO TRANSLATION
holiness	ubungcwele
holistic	okuphelele
holler	holler
hollow	ezingenalutho
holly	holly
holocaust	ukushisa
hologram	hologram
holographic	i-holographic
holster	holster
holy	ingcwele
holyspirit	NO TRANSLATION
homage	ukuhlonipha
hombre	NO TRANSLATION
hombres	NO TRANSLATION
home	ekhaya
homeboy	ekhaya
homecoming	ukuhlala ekhaya
homeland	izwe lakubo
homeless	abangenamakhaya
homely	ngokuzithoba
homemade	ukuzenzela
homeopathic	i-homeopathic
homeopathy	i-homeopathy
homeowner	umninikhaya
homeroom	homeroom
homesick	ekhayaick
homestead	ikhaya
homesweethome	Ikhaya elithandekayo
hometown	edolobheni
homeward	ekhaya
homework	umsebenzi wesikole
homey	ekhaya
homicidal	i-homicidal
homicide	ukubulala
homily	ekhaya
homing	homing
hominy	hominy
homo	homo
homogeneity	homogeneity
homogeneous	okufanayo
homologous	homologous
homologue	homologue
homology	i-homology
homophobic	ukucwaswa kwabantu
homosexual	ubungqingili
homosexuality	ubungqingili
honcho	i-honcho
hone	hone
honest	uthembekile
honesty	ukwethembeka
honey	uju
honeycomb	i-honeycomb
honeymoon	i-honeymoon
honeysuckle	i-honeysuckle
honk	honk
honky	i-honky
honor	udumo
honorable	ihloniphekile
honorarium	i-honorarium
honorary	ihlonipho
honored	ihlonishwe
hooch	ukuphosa
hood	ihood
hooded	iqokiwe
hoodlum	i-hoodlum
hoof	inselo
hook	hook
hooked	ihoxisiwe
hooker	i-hooker
hookup	ukuhlangana
hooky	hooky
hooligan	okuncane
hoop	i-hoop
hoopla	i-hoopla
hooray	i-hooray
hoot	i-hoot
hooter	i-hooter
hop	hop
hope	ithemba
hopeful	ithemba
hopeless	abangenathemba
hopelessness	ukungabi nethemba
hopes	ithemba
hoping	ngethemba
hopper	i-hopper
horde	i-horde
horizon	ukukhanya
horizontal	enezingqimba
horizontally	ngokuzungezile
hormonal	i-hormonal
hormone	i-hormone
horn	uphondo
horned	ama-horned
hornet	i-hornet
horny	i-horny
horoscope	i-horoscope
horrendous	amahloni
horrible	ezimbi
horribly	kakhulu
horrid	i-horrid
horrific	okwesabekayo
horrified	okwesabekayo
horrifying	esabekayo
horror	amahloni
horrors	izinto ezimbi
horse	ihhashi
horseback	amahhashi
horseman	umgibeli wamahhashi
horsepower	ukuhamba ngamahhashi
horseradish	i-horseradish
horseshit	amahhashi
horseshoe	amahhashi
horsey	i-horsey
horticultural	horticultural
horticulture	ukulima
hosannah	NO TRANSLATION
hose	hose
hosiery	i-hosiery
hospice	i-hospice
hospitable	ukungenisa izihambi
hospital	esibhedlela
hospitality	ukwamukela izihambi
host	bamba
hostage	ukuthunjwa
hostel	hostel
hostess	u-hostess
hostile	enonya
hostilities	impi
hostility	ubutha
hot	kushisa
hot sauce	i-sauce eshisayo
hotbed	hotbed
hotdog	i-hot dog
hotel	ihhotela
hothead	i-hothead
hotline	i-hotline
hotshot	i-hotshot
hotyoga	NO TRANSLATION
hound	hound
hour	ihora
hourglass	i-hourglass
hourly	ngehora
house	indlu
houseboat	indlu yesikebhe
houseboy	indlu yendlu
housebroken	housebroken
houseguest	indlu
household	ikhaya
householder	umninikhaya
housekeeper	umninindlu
housekeeping	ukugcina indlu
housewarming	ukwakha indlu
housewife	umama wendlu
housework	umsebenzi wendlu
housing	izindlu
hovel	i-hovel
hover	hover
hovercraft	i-hovercraft
howl	khala
howsoever	noma yikuphi
hoy	NO TRANSLATION
hub	ihabhu
hubby	ukuzithokozisa
huckleberry	i-huckleberry
huddle	khumbulani
hue	i-hue
huff	i-huff
huffy	i-huffy
hug	khumbulani
huge	omkhulu
hugger	i-hugger
huggy	i-huggy
hugs	ukumbamba
hulk	i-hulk
hull	isikhwama
hum	i-hum
human	abantu
humane	ubuntu
humanitarian	ukusiza abantu
humanities	abantu
humanity	isintu
humankind	isintu
humanoid	i-humanoid
humanrights	NO TRANSLATION
humble	uthobekile
humbled	uthobekile
humbly	ngokuthobeka
humbug	i-humbug
humdrum	i-humdrum
humid	umswakama
humidity	umswakama
humiliate	hlazisa
humiliated	ihlazekile
humiliating	ukuhlazisa
humiliation	ukuthobeka
humility	ukuthobeka
hummer	i-hummer
hummingbird	i-hummingbird
humongous	ezihlekisayo
humor	amahlaya
humored	ukuthokozisa
humorist	i-humorist
humorous	ezihlekisayo
hump	i-hump
humpback	i-hummpback
hunch	hunch
hunchback	i-hunchback
hundred	amakhulu
hundredth	ikhulu
hunger	indlala
hungry	ulambile
hunk	hunk
hunks	hunks
hunky	hunky
hunt	ukuzingela
hunter	umzingeli
hunting	ukuzingela
huntress	ukuzingela
hurdle	ukuphoqa
hurl	phosela
hurrah	uphonsa
hurricane	isiphepho
hurricanes	iziphepho
hurried	esheshayo
hurry	phuthuma
hurryup	NO TRANSLATION
hurt	ukulimala
hurtful	okulimazayo
hurting	ukulimaza
husband	umyeni
husbandry	umlimi
hush	hush
hushed	kuphazamisekile
husk	NO TRANSLATION
husky	husky
hussy	hussy
hustle	khumula
hustler	i-hustler
hut	indlu
hutch	i-hutch
hyacinth	i-hyacinth
hybrid	hybrid
hydra	i-hydra
hydrant	i-hydrant
hydrate	i-hydrate
hydraulic	i-hydraulic
hydraulics	ama-hydraulics
hydrocephalus	i-hydrocephalus
hydrodynamics	i-hydrodynamics
hydrogen	i-hydrogen
hydrographic	i-hydrographic
hydrology	i-hydrology
hydrophobia	i-hydrophobia
hydroponics	hydroponics
hyena	hyena
hygiene	ukuhlanzeka
hygienic	ukuhlanzeka
hygienist	umshuwalense
hymen	hymen
hymn	iculo
hype	i-hype
hyped	ixhunyiwe
hyper	hyper
hyperactive	ingasebenzi kahle
hyperbole	i-hyperbole
hyperspace	i-hyperspace
hypertension	umfutho wegazi ophezulu
hypertrophy	hypertrophy
hyperventilate	i-hyperventilate
hyperventilating	ukuxoshwa ngokuxuba
hyphen	i-hyphen
hypnosis	i-hypnosis
hypnotic	hypnotic
hypnotist	hypnotist
hypnotize	hlengisa
hypnotized	ixhunyiwe
hypochondriac	hypochondriac
hypocrisy	ubuzenzisi
hypocrite	umzenzisi
hypocritical	uzenzisi
hypodermic	i-hypodermic
hypothalamus	hypothalamus
hypothermia	i-hypothermia
hypothesis	i-hypothesis
hypothetical	ukucabanga
hysterectomy	hysterectomy
hysteria	i-hysteria
hysterical	i-hysterical
ibuprofen	ibuprofen
ice	ice
ice tea	itiye leqhwa
iceberg	iceberg
icebox	ibhokisi le-icebox
icebreaker	i-icebreaker
iced	iced
icing	icing
icky	icky
icon	isithonjana
iconic	iconic
iconography	iconography
icy	ubumnyama
id	id
idea	umqondo
ideal	kuhle
idealism	i-idealism
idealist	i-idealist
idealistic	i-idealistic
identical	kufana
identically	ngokufanayo
identification	ukuhlonza
identify	bona
identity	ubunikazi
ideology	imibono
idiocy	idiocy
idiom	ukuhleka
idiomatic	idiomatic
idiot	idiot
idiotic	idiotic
idiots	idiots
idle	ungenzi lutho
idleness	ukungazi
idler	ungenzi lutho
idol	isithombe
idolatry	ukukhonza izithombe
idolizing	idolizing
idyllic	okungavamile
iffy	iffy
ifonly	ukube-Ngabe
igloo	igloo
igneous	ungenangqondo
ignite	zishaye
ignition	ukushisa
ignorance	ukungazi
ignorant	angazi
ignore	unganaki
iguana	iguana
ihatespiders	NO TRANSLATION
ilk	NO TRANSLATION
ill	ukugula
illegal	ngokungemthetho
illegality	ukungemthetho
illegally	ngokungemthetho
illegible	ayikho emthethweni
illegitimate	engekho emthethweni
illicit	akuvumelekile
illiterate	ukungafundi
illness	ukugula
illogical	akunangqondo
illuminate	ukhanyisa
illuminating	ukhanyisa
illumination	ukukhanya
illuminator	ukukhanyisa
illusion	inkohliso
illustrate	bonisa
illustration	umfanekiso
illustrative	ukufanekisa
illustrious	ngokucacile
ilovechristmas	NO TRANSLATION
iloveher	NO TRANSLATION
image	isithombe
imagery	isithombe
imaginable	kungacabangeka
imaginary	ucabanga
imagination	umcabango
imaginative	okucabangelayo
imagine	cabanga
imagined	wacabanga
imaging	ukucabanga
imagining	ukucabanga
imam	NO TRANSLATION
imbalance	ukungalingani
imbecile	imbecile
imbedded	ixhunyiwe
imissyou	NO TRANSLATION
imitate	silingise
imitated	silingiswa
imitation	ukulingisa
immaculate	akucacile
immaterial	okungavamile
immature	ukuvuka
immaturity	ukungakhulelwa
immeasurable	akunakulinganiswa
immeasurably	ngokungenakuqhathaniswa
immediacy	ngokushesha
immediate	ngokushesha
immediately	ngokushesha
immemorial	okudumile
immense	omkhulu
immerse	cwilisa
immersion	ukucwiliswa
immigrant	umfuduki
immigration	ukufuduka
imminent	kuseduze
immobile	immobile
immoral	ukuziphatha okubi
immorality	ukuziphatha okubi
immortal	okungafi
immortality	ukungafi
immovable	ayinakususwa
immune	i-immune
immunity	ukuzivikela
immunization	ukugoma
immutable	ayinakuguquguquka
imp	imp
impact	umthelela
impair	ukulimaza
impaired	ukukhubazeka
impairment	ukukhubazeka
impart	banikeze
impartial	ukungakhethi
impartiality	ukungakhethi
impassable	ezingapheli
impassioned	unomusa
impatience	ukubekezela
impatient	ukubekezela
impatiently	NO TRANSLATION
impeach	impeach
impeachment	impeachment
impeccable	engacabangeki
impede	khubaza
impediment	ukuvimbela
impelled	iphoqelelwe
impending	kusondela
impenetrable	ukungenakwenzeka
imperative	okubalulekile
imperceptible	imperceptible
imperfect	engaphelele
imperfection	ukungapheleli
imperfectly	ngokungaphelele
imperial	umbuso
imperialist	NO TRANSLATION
impermeable	ukungapheleli
impermissible	okungenakulungiswa
impersonal	okungenasintu
impersonate	uzenzele
impersonation	ukuzenza ongeyena
impersonator	umlingisi
impertinence	impertinence
impertinent	i-impertinent
impervious	kungabonakali
impetuous	impetuous
impetus	isisusa
implacable	ungenakunyakaziswa
implant	implant
implantation	ukufakwa endaweni
implanted	ifakwe
implement	sebenzisa
implicate	implicate
implicated	okufakiwe
implication	impendulo
implied	kuchazwe
implore	ngicela
implosion	implosion
imply	kusho
impolite	ukungabi nalutho
import	ukungenisa
importance	ukubaluleka
important	kubalulekile
importation	ukungeniswa
impose	ukuphoqa
imposing	ukuphoqa
imposition	imposition
impossibility	akunakwenzeka
impossible	akunakwenzeka
impostor	umkhohlisi
impotence	ukungabi namandla
impotent	engenamandla
impound	umfutho
impoverished	ahluphekile
impracticable	okungenakwenzeka
impractical	ayinakwenzeka
impregnable	ukungenakulinganiswa
impregnate	ukungabonakali
impress	umxhwele
impressed	umxhwele
impression	umqondo
impressionable	okungaqondakali
impressive	umxhwele
imprint	imprint
imprison	ukuboshwa
imprisoned	eboshiwe
imprisonment	ukuboshwa
improbable	okungenakwenzeka
impromptu	impromptu
improper	okungalungile
impropriety	ukungalungile
improve	phuthukisa
improved	ngcono
improvement	ngcono
improves	ithuthukisa
improving	ngcono
improvisation	i-improvisation
improvise	hlehlisa
improvised	ngcono
imprudent	okungenangqondo
impudence	impudence
impudent	ungenangqondo
impulse	isisusa
impulsive	ukuphinga
impunity	ukungabi namlandu
impure	okungcolile
impurity	ukungcola
imputation	imputation
imtryingtosleep	NO TRANSLATION
inability	ukungakwazi
inaccessible	ayitholakali
inaccurate	okungalungile
inaction	ukungasebenzi
inactivate	ungasebenzi
inactivation	ukungasebenzi
inactive	ayisebenzi
inactivity	ukungasebenzi
inadequacy	ukungakwazi
inadequate	ayanele
inadequateness	ukungakwazi
inadmissible	akuvumelekile
inadvertent	okungaziwa
inadvertently	ngokungazi
inaffable	NO TRANSLATION
inalienable	kungenakunqunywa
inane	inane
inanimate	angaphili
inapplicable	ayitholakali
inappropriate	akufanelekile
inattention	ukungabi nalutho
inaudible	inaudible
inaugural	ukuvula
inaugurate	ukuvula
inauguration	ukuvulwa
inborn	izalwa
inbound	inbound
inbred	inbred
incalculable	okungenakwenzeka
incandescent	i-incandescent
incantation	ukuthukuthela
incapable	ayinakwenzeka
incapacity	ukukhubazeka
incarceration	ukuboshwa
incarnate	okufakwe ngaphakathi
incase	uma kwenzeka
incendiary	incendiary
incense	impepho
incensed	uthukuthele
incentive	ukukhuthaza
inception	ukuqala
incessant	engapheli
incessantly	ngokungapheli
incest	umlingani
incestuous	incestuous
inch	intshi
incidence	isigameko
incident	isigameko
incidental	okungenzeka
incidentally	ngokulandelana
incineration	ukushisa
incinerator	incinerator
incipient	umlutha
incision	ukuphoqwa
incisive	okungaqondakali
incite	khuthaza
incitement	ukugqugquzela
inclement	ukunyakaza
inclination	ukuthambekela
incline	sondela
inclined	i-inclin
include	faka
included	kufakiwe
including	kufaka phakathi
inclusion	ukufakwa
inclusive	okubandakanya
incognito	incognito
incoherent	okungahambi kahle
income	imali
incoming	engenayo
incomparable	okungenakuqhathaniswa
incompatible	akuhambisani
incompetence	ukungakwazi kahle
incompetent	engakwazi
incomplete	akuphelele
incompletely	ngokungapheli
incompleteness	ukuphelele
incomprehensible	okungenakuqondakala
inconceivable	okungenakwenzeka
inconclusive	okungaqondile
incongruous	okungavumelani
inconsequential	okungapheli
inconsiderate	ukungacabangi
inconsistency	ukungahambisani
inconsistent	ukungavumelani
inconspicuous	okungaqondakali
incontinence	ukungabikho
inconvenience	ukuphazamiseka
inconvenient	okungahambi kahle
incorporate	faka
incorporation	ukufakwa
incorrect	akulungile
incorrigible	incorrigible
increase	ukwanda
increased	yanda
incredible	amazing
incredulous	abangenakho
increment	ukunyuka
incriminate	ukugxila
incriminating	ukugxeka
incrimination	ukuxoshwa
incubation	ukushiswa
incubator	incubator
incubus	incubus
incumbent	okusemthethweni
incur	faka
incurable	ayinakuphulukiswa
incursion	incursion
indebted	inkokhelo
indecency	indecency
indecent	ukungcola
indecision	ukungacabangi
indecisive	ukunganaki
indefensible	ezingenakulungiswa
indefinite	okungapheliyo
indelible	linganakwenzeka
indemnification	ukukhokhelwa
indemnify	hlonipha
indemnity	indemnity
indent	indent
indentation	indentation
indenture	indenture
independence	ukuzimela
independent	ozimele
indescribable	okungaqondakali
indestructible	engabhubhi
indeterminate	okungapheliyo
index	inkomba
indicate	bonisa
indicating	ekhombisa
indication	inkomba
indicative	okubonisa
indicator	inkomba
indice	NO TRANSLATION
indict	ukubeka icala
indictment	izinsolo
indie	indie
indifference	ukunganakwa
indifferent	abangenandaba
indigenous	bomdabu
indigent	abampofu
indigestion	indigestion
indignant	uthukuthele
indignation	ukuthukuthela
indignity	ukuthukuthela
indigo	indigo
indirect	ngokungaqondile
indiscreet	ongenangqondo
indiscretion	ukungaziphathi kahle
indispensable	kubalulekile
indisposed	okungahlali kahle
indistinct	akucacile
indistinguishable	angabonakali
individual	ngabanye
individuality	umuntu ngamunye
indivisible	kungabonakali
indoctrination	ukufundiswa
indolent	indolent
indomitable	indomitable
indoor	endlini
induce	yenza
induced	ihoxisiwe
inducement	inducement
induction	ukufakwa
indulge	ukukhuluma
indulgence	ukuzithokozisa
indulgent	khumula
industrial	izimboni
industrialist	imboni yezimboni
industrious	bekhuthele
industry	imboni
ineffable	ayinakwenzeka
ineffective	ayisebenzi
ineffectual	engenzi lutho
inefficiency	ukungasebenzi
inefficient	ayifanele
inelastic	ukungapheleli
ineligible	akuvumelekile
inept	inept
ineptitude	ukungabi nalutho
inequality	ukungalingani
inequitable	ukungalingani
inert	inert
inertia	inertia
inevitable	ukugwema
inexact	ukungasebenzi
inexcusable	akukhoxeka
inexhaustible	engapheliyo
inexpensive	ayabizi
inexperience	okungenalwazi
inexperienced	abangenalwazi
inexplicable	akucaci
inexpressible	ezingenakuqhathaniswa
infallibility	ukungathembeki
infallible	ayinakwenzeka
infamous	i-infamous
infamy	ukuhlambalaza
infancy	usana
infant	usana
infanticide	i-infanticide
infantile	i-infantile
infantry	ukusondelana
infarct	i-infarct
infatuated	sithandwa
infatuation	ukuthatha izithombe
infeasible	ayifinyeleleki
infect	ukuthelela
infection	ukutheleleka
infectious	ezithathelwanayo
infer	ungapheli
inference	ukuphawula
inferential	okungenasisekelo
inferior	ephansi
inferiority	ukwehlisa
infernal	i-infernal
inferno	i-inferno
infertile	ezingenasifo
infertility	ukungabikho
infestation	ukushaywa umoya
infidel	ukungathembeki
infidelity	ukungathembeki
infield	infield
infiltrate	ngena ngaphakathi
infiltration	ukungena
infinite	engapheli
infinitely	okungenamkhawulo
infinitesimal	okungapheliyo
infinity	okungapheliyo
infirm	uyagula
infirmary	imishanguzo
infirmity	ukukhubazeka
inflammation	ukuvuvukala
inflammatory	ukuvuvukala
inflatable	i-inflatable
inflate	thinta
inflated	ihliswe
inflation	ukwehla kwamandla emali
inflection	i-inflection
inflict	ukuphazamisa
infliction	ukuhlukunyezwa
inflorescence	i-inflorescence
influence	ithonya
influential	inethonya
influenza	umkhuhlane
influx	ukudonsa
info	ulwazi
infomercial	i-infomercial
inform	yazisa
informal	okungakahleleki
informant	ulwazi
information	ulwazi
informative	ulwazi
informed	waziswa
informer	ummemezeli
infraction	iphutha
infrared	i-infrared
infrastructure	ingqalasizinda
infrequent	okungajwayelekile
infrequently	njalo
infringement	ukuphulwa
infuriate	infuriate
infuriated	inturiated
infuriates	inturiates
infuriating	ukufutheka
infuse	inika
infused	ifakwe
infuser	ukuxhaphaza
infusion	ukumnika
ingenious	ingenangqondo
ingenuity	ubuhlakani
ingest	ingest
ingestion	ukungenisa
ingot	ingot
ingrained	ihlanganisiwe
ingrate	ingangena
ingredient	isithako
ingress	ingress
inhabit	uhlale
inhabitant	uhlala
inhabited	owakhiwe
inhabiting	uhlala
inhalation	inhalation
inhale	inhale
inhaler	inhaler
inherent	eziphilayo
inherit	ifa
inheritance	ifa
inhibit	ukuvimbela
inhibition	ukuvimbela
inhibitor	inhibitor
inhospitable	okungenakuqhathaniswa
inhuman	unhumanuntu
inhumane	inhumanane
inhumanity	ubundlululo
inimaginable	NO TRANSLATION
inimical	inimical
inimitable	inimitable
iniquity	ububi
initial	okokuqala
initiate	qalisa
initiated	iqalile
initiation	ukuqalisa
initiative	isinyathelo
inject	inject
injection	umjovo
injunction	umyalo
injure	ukulimala
injured	balimala
injuring	ukulimala
injurious	ukulimala
injury	ukulimala
injustice	ukungabi nabulungisa
ink	inkinobho
inkling	inkink
inland	ngaphakathi
inlay	inlay
inlet	ukungena
inmate	ibanjwa
inn	indlu
innards	izindlu
innate	i-innate
inner	ngaphakathi
innermost	ngaphakathi
innerpeace	NO TRANSLATION
inning	inning
innings	izindlu
innkeeper	umninikhaya
innocence	ukungabi namlandu
innocent	engenacala
innocently	ngokungenacala
innocuous	kungenacala
innovate	innovate
innovation	emisha
innovative	ezintsha
innuendo	innuendo
innumerable	engenakubalwa
inoculation	inoculation
inoperable	ingasebenzi
inoperative	engasebenzi
inordinate	okungahambi kahle
inorganic	okungahleliwe
input	okokufaka
inquest	ukubuza
inquire	buza
inquirer	buza
inquiring	kubuza
inquiry	uphenyo
inquisitive	ukubuza
inquisitor	inquisitor
insane	i-insane
insanity	ukungena
insatiable	unganakwenzeka
inscription	ukubhalwa
inscrutable	okungaqondakali
insect	insect
insecticide	inambuzane
insecure	engavikelekile
insecurity	ukungavikeleki
insemination	insemination
insensitive	engacabangi
inseparable	ahluke
insert	faka
inserted	ifakwe
insertion	ukufaka
inside	ngaphakathi
insider	ngaphakathi
insidious	insidious
insight	ukuqonda
insightful	ukuqonda
insignia	insignia
insignificance	okungabalulekile
insignificant	akubalulekile
insinuate	faka
insipid	insipid
insist	ukuphikelela
insistence	ukuphikelela
insistent	ukuphikelela
insists	iphikelela
insolence	ukuthuka
insolent	ukuthuka
insoluble	engenayo i-insoluble
insolvency	ukungabonakali
insolvent	ukungabikho
insomnia	ukulala
insomniac	insomniac
inspect	hlola
inspection	ukuhlolwa
inspector	umhloli
inspiration	ugqozi
inspirational	ukuvuselela
inspire	khuthaza
inspired	ephefumlelwe
instability	ukungazinzi
install	faka
installation	ukufakwa
installment	isitolimende
instance	isibonelo
instant	okusheshayo
instantaneous	ngokushesha
instantaneously	ngokushesha
instigate	ukugqugquzela
instigation	ukugqugquzela
instill	faka
instinct	ukukhanya
instinctive	engokwemvelo
institute	ukusekela
institution	isikhungo
instruct	fundisa
instructed	ufundiswe
instruction	imfundo
instructional	ukufundisa
instructions	imiyalelo
instructive	efundisa
instructor	umfundisi
instrument	ithuluzi
instrumental	insimbi
instrumentalist	i-instrumentalist
instrumentality	insimbi
insubordination	ukungaboni kahle
insufferable	akunakwenzeka
insufficiency	ukungasebenzi
insufficient	ayanele
insufficiently	ngokungenasici
insular	i-insular
insulate	u-insulate
insulated	i-insulated
insulation	ukugxila
insulin	i-insulin
insult	ukuthuka
insulting	ukuthuka
insurance	umshuwalense
insure	qinisekisa
insurgent	abahlubuki
insurmountable	ezingenakulinganiswa
insurrection	ukuvuka
intact	eqinisiwe
intake	ukungenisa
intangible	okungabonakali
integer	integer
integral	okubalulekile
integrate	ukuhlanganisa
integration	ukuhlanganiswa
integrity	ubuqotho
intellect	ukuqonda
intellectual	ubuhlakani
intelligence	ukuhlakanipha
intelligent	ohlakaniphile
intelligibility	ukuhlakanipha
intelligible	ihlakaniphile
intend	uhlose
intended	okuhlosiwe
intending	ehlose
intense	kakhulu
intensely	kakhulu
intensify	qinisa
intensity	amandla
intensive	kakhulu
intent	inhloso
intention	inhloso
intentional	ngenhloso
intentionally	ngenhloso
inter	phakathi
interact	sebenzisana
interaction	ukuxhumana
interactive	ukuhlanganyela
intercede	thinta
intercept	thinta
interception	ukukhulelwa
intercession	ukuncenga
interchange	ukushintshana
interchangeable	ezishintshashintshayo
interchanged	zashintshaniswa
intercom	i-intercom
intercourse	ubulili
interdependence	ukuxhasana
interdependent	ukuzimela
interdiction	ukuvinjelwa
interest	inzalo
interested	unentshisekelo
interesting	ezithakazelisayo
interface	isikhombimsebenzisi
interfere	ukuphazamisa
interference	ukuphazamiseka
interferometer	i-interferometer
intergalactic	intergalactic
interim	okwesikhashana
interior	ingaphakathi
interject	ukuhlanganyela
interlocutory	i-interlocutory
interlude	hlangana
intermediary	umlamuleli
intermediate	okuphakathi
interment	ukuzwakalisa
interminable	singapheli
intermission	ukuphumula
intermittent	okuphakathi
intern	intern
internal	ngaphakathi
internally	ngaphakathi
international	international
internet	internet
internship	internship
interoffice	i-interoffice
interpolate	i-interpolate
interpolation	ukubhala
interpret	ukuhumusha
interpretation	incazelo
interpreter	umhumushi
interpretive	ukuhumusha
interrelated	ehlangene
interrogate	ukubuza imibuzo
interrogation	ukuphenywa
interrupt	ukuphazamisa
interrupted	iphazamisekile
interrupting	ukuphazamisa
interruption	ukuphazanyiswa
interrupts	iphazamisa
intersect	hlanganisa
intersection	ukuxuba
interstate	ngaphakathi
interstellar	i-interstellar
interstitial	okuphakathi
interval	isikhathi
intervene	ungenele
intervening	ukungenelela
intervention	ukungenelela
interview	ingxoxo
interviewer	oxoxisana nabo
interworking	ukusebenzisana
intestate	intestate
intestinal	emathunjini
intestine	emathunjini
intestines	amathumbu
intimacy	ukusondelana
intimate	obuseduze
intimately	ngokuseduze
intimation	ukusondelana
intimidate	esabisa
intimidated	esatshiswa
intimidating	esabisa
intimidation	ukwesatshiswa
intolerable	ukungenakubekezelelwa
intolerance	ukubekezelelana
intolerant	ukungahloniphi
intonation	intonation
intoxicated	udakiwe
intoxicating	ukudakwa
intoxication	ukudakwa
intracranial	ukungasebenzi
intractable	ezingenakwenzeka
intramural	ingaphakathi
intravenous	ukungena ngaphakathi
intrepid	abahlakaniphile
intricate	okuyinkimbinkimbi
intrigue	intrigue
intriguing	okuthakazelisayo
intrinsic	ngaphakathi
intrinsically	ngokusemthethweni
intro	isethulo
introduce	ukwethula
introduction	isingeniso
introductory	ingeniso
introspection	ukungeniswa kwesethulo
introspective	isingeniso
intrude	ukungena ngaphakathi
intruder	intruder
intrusion	intrusion
intrusive	i-intrusive
intubation	intubation
intuition	intuition
intuitive	enembile
intuitively	intuitively
inundation	ukulimala
invade	bahlasele
invader	umhlaseli
invalid	ayivumelekile
invalidate	ukungasebenzi
invalidation	ukungavumelekile
invalidity	ukungalungi
invaluable	ebaluleke kakhulu
invariably	njalo
invasion	ukuhlasela
invasive	iningi
invent	sungula
invention	okusungulwe
inventive	ukungena
inventor	umsunguli
inventory	yokusungula
inverse	inverse
inversely	ngokungafani
inversion	inversion
invert	guqula
inverted	inverted
invest	izimali
investigate	uphenye
investigation	uphenyo
investigative	uphenyo
investigator	umphenyi
investment	utshalomali
investor	izimali
invidious	okungenangqondo
invigorate	ukuvuselela
invincible	angenakunqotshwa
invisibility	ukungabonakali
invisible	engabonakali
invitation	isimemo
invite	umeme
inviting	ukumema
invocation	ukucela
invoice	i-invoyisi
invoke	ukucela
involuntary	ukuzibandakanya
involution	izimpendulo
involve	zibandakanya
involvement	ukubandakanyeka
invulnerable	angenakuvotelwa
inwards	ngaphakathi
iodine	iodine
ion	ion
iota	iota
irate	ukucasuka
ire	NO TRANSLATION
iridescent	i-iridescent
iris	iris
irked	ukucasuka
irks	irks
iron	insimbi
ironclad	ironclad
ironic	kuyindida
irons	izinsimbi
irony	i-irony
irradiation	i-irradiation
irrational	okungenangqondo
irrationality	ukunganaki
irreconcilable	ukungahambisani
irreducible	i-irreducible
irrefutable	ezingenakulinganiswa
irregular	okungavamile
irregularity	ukungalungi
irregularly	ngokungavamile
irrelevant	akudingeki
irreparable	ezingenakuqhathaniswa
irreplaceable	ezingenakwenzeka
irrepressible	ukungahleleki
irresistible	okungenakuphikiswa
irrespective	kungakhathaliseki
irresponsible	ukungahloniphi
irreverent	ukungahloniphi
irreversible	ayinakuphika
irrevocable	ayinakwenzeka
irrigate	nisela
irrigation	ukuchelela
irritability	ukucasuka
irritable	ukucasuka
irritate	ukucasula
irritated	uthukuthele
irritates	ucasula
irritating	ecasulayo
irritation	ukucasuka
island	isiqhingi
isle	isle
islet	islet
isolate	ukuhlukanisa
isolated	ezodwa
isolation	ukuzihlukanisa
isomorphism	isomorphism
isothermal	isothermal
isotope	Isotopi
issue	ukukhishwa
itch	itch
itching	itching
itchy	ihlazo
item	into
itemize	itemize
items	izinto
iterate	i-iterate
iteration	iteration
iterative	iterative
itinerant	ujikelezayo
itinerary	uhambo
ivory	lwendlovu
jab	jab
jabber	jabber
jack	jack
jackal	jackal
jackass	jackass
jacket	jacket
jackhammer	jackhammer
jackpot	jackpot
jackrabbit	jackrabbit
jacks	jacks
jade	jade
jaded	jaded
jag	NO TRANSLATION
jagged	i-jagged
jaguar	i-jaguar
jail	ejele
jailbird	jailbird
jailbreak	jailbreak
jailer	umgcini wejele
jailhouse	ejele
jalopy	i-jalopy
jam	jam
jamboree	i-lawree
jammed	ivinjiwe
jammer	jammer
janitor	i-janitor
janitorial	i-janitorial
japan	japan
jar	imbiza
jargon	i-jargon
jarhead	isihloko sekhanda
jarring	i-jarring
jasmine	jasmine
jasper	i-jaspi
jaundice	i-jaundice
jaunt	i-jaunt
java	i-java
javelin	i-javelin
jaw	umhlathi
jawbone	umhlathi
jaws	umhlathi
jay	jay
jazz	i-jazz
jazzy	jazzy
jealous	umhawu
jealousy	umhawu
jean	i-jean
jeans	jeans
jeep	i-jeep
jeering	i-jeering
jelly	i-jelly
jellybean	i-Jelly Bean
jellyfish	i-jellyfish
jenny	jenny
jeopardize	engozini
jeopardy	kuyingozi
jerk	jerk
jerks	ama-jerks
jerky	jerky
jersey	ijezi
jest	NO TRANSLATION
jester	jester
jesus	uJesu
jet	i-jet
jetty	i-jetty
jewel	jewel
jeweler	jeweler
jewelry	ubucwebe
jib	jib
jiff	NO TRANSLATION
jiffy	jiffy
jig	i-jig
jiggle	jiggle
jigsaw	i-jigsaw
jihad	jihad
jimmy	jimmy
jingle	jingle
jinx	jinx
jitters	ama-jitters
jittery	i-jittery
jive	i-jive
job	umsebenzi
jobinterview	NO TRANSLATION
jock	i-jock
jockey	jockey
jockstrap	i-jockstrap
jog	jog
jogger	ukugijima
john	uJohn
join	ujoyine
joined	wajoyina
joining	ukujoyina
joint	ngokuhlanganyela
jointly	ngokuhlanganyela
joke	ihlaya
joker	i-joker
joking	ukuhleka
jolly	jolly
jolt	jolt
jornada	NO TRANSLATION
jot	i-jot
jour	NO TRANSLATION
journal	iphephandaba
journalism	journalism
journalist	intatheli
journalistic	i-journalistic
journey	uhambo
journeyman	uhambahamba
joust	playst
jovial	i-jovial
joy	injabulo
joyful	ujabule
joyous	ujabule
joyride	joyride
joys	injabulo
jubilant	jubilant
jubilee	jubilee
judge	ijaji
judged	bahlulelwe
judging	ukwahlulela
judgment	isahlulelo
judgmental	ukugwetshwa
judicial	ukugwetshwa
judiciary	i-judiciary
judicious	kahle
judo	Judo
jug	jug
juggle	juggle
juggler	i-juggler
juggling	i-juggling
jugular	i-jugular
juice	ijusi
juicer	i-juicer
juicy	enamafutha
juju	NO TRANSLATION
juke	ijusi
jukebox	i-jukebox
jumble	jumble
jumbled	waxoshwa
jumbo	jumbo
jump	gxuma
jump rope	gxuma intambo
jumper	i-jumper
jumpsuit	jumpsuit
jumpy	jumpy
junction	ukuhlangana
juncture	ukuhamba
jungle	jungle
junior	junior
juniper	umjunipha
junk	i-junk
junket	junket
junkie	junkie
junky	junky
junkyard	i-junkyard
junta	junta
juridical	ngokomthetho
jurisdiction	igunya
jurisprudence	umthetho wezomthetho
jurist	i-jurist
juror	juror
jury	ijaji
justice	ubulungiswa
justifiable	kufanelekile
justification	ukulungiswa
justify	vumela
juststop	NO TRANSLATION
justthebeginning	NO TRANSLATION
jute	Jute
juvenile	izingane
juxtaposition	i-juxtaposition
kaiser	kaiser
kale	kale
kaleidoscope	i-kaleidoscope
kamikaze	kamikaze
kangaroo	i-kangaroo
kanji	kanji
kappa	kappa
kaput	NO TRANSLATION
karaoke	Karaoke
karate	karate
karma	i-karma
karmic	karmic
kayak	kayak
kazoo	kazoo
kebab	kebab
keel	keel
keen	ngiyathanda
keep	gcina
keeper	umgcini
keeping	ukugcina
keepsake	i-keepsake
keg	keg
kelp	kelp
ken	ken
kennel	kennel
kerchief	i-kerchief
kern	kern
kernel	i-kernel
kerosene	i-diesel
ketchup	ketchup
kettle	i-kettle
key	ukhiye
keyboard	ikhibhodi
keyed	keyed
keyhole	isihluthulelo
keynote	i-keynote
keypad	ikhiphedi
keystone	isihluthulelo
keyword	igama elingukhiye
khaki	khaki
khan	khan
kibble	i-kibble
kick	ukukhahlela
kickboxing	ibhola lokukhahlela
kicker	umqaphi
kicking	ukukhahlela
kickoff	ukuqalisa
kid	kid
kidder	i-kidder
kidding	ukubamba
kiddo	kiddo
kiddos	kiddo
kidnap	uthatha
kidnapped	uthathwe
kidnapper	ukuthumba
kidnapping	ukuthumba
kidney	izinso
kids	izingane
kill	bulala
killer	umbulali
killing	ukubulala
killjoy	killjoy
kiln	ifolishi
kilo	NO TRANSLATION
kilogram	kilogram
kilometer	ikhilomitha
kilt	kilt
kimono	kimono
kin	isihlobo
kind	nomusa
kindergarten	inkulisa
kindling	ukufutheka
kindness	umusa
kindred	umndeni
kinematics	izibalo
kinesiology	i-kinesiology
kinetic	kinetic
king	inkosi
king snake	inyoka yenkosi
kingdom	umbuso
kingpin	i-kingpin
kink	kink
kinky	kinky
kinship	ubuhlobo
kiosk	i-kiosk
kirk	i-kirk
kiss	kiss
kisser	kisser
kissy	kissy
kit	ikhi
kitchen	ikhishi
kite	kite
kitten	inkinobho
kiwi	ikiwi
klutz	klutz
knack	knack
knapsack	i-knapsack
knead	khumula
knee	amadolo
kneecap	i-kneecap
kneel	bhuqa
kneeling	eguqa
knell	i-knell
knick	knick
knickers	ama-knickers
knife	ummese
knight	knight
knighthood	knighthood
knit	ziboshwe
knob	i-knob
knock	knock
knockoff	knockoff
knockout	ukukhwabanisa
knoll	knoll
knot	i-knot
knots	amafindo
knotted	i-knotted
know	wazi
knowing	wazi
knowingly	uyazi
knowledge	ulwazi
knowledgeable	ulwazi
knuckle	beka
knucklehead	i-knucklehead
knuckles	i-knuckles
koala	i-koala
kook	NO TRANSLATION
kooky	i-kooky
kool-aid	i-kool-aid
kos	kos
kosher	i-kosher
kraut	NO TRANSLATION
kris	i-kris
kryptonite	kryptonite
kudos	kudos
kumquat	kumquat
lab	ibhu
label	ilebula
labor	umsebenzi
laboratory	laboratory
labored	wasebenza
laborer	umsebenzi
laboring	ukusebenza
laborious	enzima kakhulu
labyrinth	i-labyrinth
lac	i-lac
lace	i-lace
laceration	i-laceration
lack	ukungabi nalutho
lackey	i-lackey
lacking	ayitholakali
lackluster	ukuhluleka
lacquer	i-lacquer
lacrosse	i-lacrosse
lactose	i-lactose
lad	umfana
ladder	isiteji
laddie	laddie
laden	egcwele
lading	ukuhamba
ladle	ladle
lady	lady
lady bug	NO TRANSLATION
ladybug	ladybug
ladylike	ladylike
ladyship	ukulingana
lag	lag
lager	NO TRANSLATION
lagging	ukungena
lagoon	i-lagoon
lair	indawo
laity	ubuqotho
lake	echibi
lama	NO TRANSLATION
lamb	inyama yemvu
lame	okhubazekile
lament	lila
lamenting	ukukhala
lamina	lamina
laminated	laminated
lamp	isibani
lamppost	iposi lelambu
lance	lance
lancer	i-lancer
land	umhlaba
landed	wafika
landfall	ukufika komhlaba
landfill	ukuthuthwa komhlaba
landing	ukufika
landlady	umhlalaphansi
landlocked	i-landlocked
landlord	umninikhaya
landmark	uphawu lomhlaba
lands	amazwe
landscape	i-landscape
landscaping	ukuhlelwa kwemvelo
landslide	i-landslide
lane	umzila
language	ulimi
languid	i-languid
languish	ihluleka
languishing	ukuphelelwa amandla
lanky	lanky
lantern	ilanga
lap	ithanga
lapdog	i-lapdog
lapel	i-lapel
lapse	iphela
lapsed	iphelile
laptop	i-laptop
larceny	i-larceny
lard	isinqumelo
larder	lisa
large	ezinkulu
larger	sikhulu
largo	NO TRANSLATION
lark	i-lark
larva	i-larva
laryngitis	i-laryngitis
larynx	i-larynx
lasagna	i-lasagna
laser	laser
lash	lash
lass	lass
lasso	lasso
lastday	NO TRANSLATION
lasting	ehlala njalo
lastminute	lastminute
latch	latch
late	sekwephuzile
lateness	i-lateness
latent	ivuliwe
lateral	i-lateral
laterally	kamuva
latex	i-latex
lathe	ukuklolodela
lather	lather
latitude	i-latitude
latrine	indlu yangasese
latrines	izindlu zangasese
latte	i-latté
lattice	i-lattice
laud	dumisa
laudable	ehloniphekile
laudation	ukudumisa
laudatory	i-laudatory
laugh	ukuhleka
laughable	laughable
laughing	ukuhleka
laughingstock	NO TRANSLATION
laughs	uhleka
laughter	ukuhleka
launch	uqalise
launcher	isiqalisi
launches	iqala
launder	isihluthulelo
laundering	ukukhipha
laundry	laundry
laureate	laureate
laurel	i-laurel
laurels	ama-laurels
lava	i-lava
lavage	geza
lavatory	ukuvuthwa
lavender	i-lavender
lavish	kukhululekile
law	umthetho
lawful	ngokomthetho
lawless	okungenamthetho
lawlessness	ukungabi namthetho
lawman	ummeli
lawn	utshani
lawnmower	umgundi wotshani
lawsuit	icala
lawyer	ummeli
lax	lax
laxative	i-laxative
lay	beka
layaway	layaway
layer	ungqimba
layered	layered
layman	u-layman
layout	isakhiwo
layover	i-layover
laziness	ubuvila
lazy	ovilaphayo
lazyday	NO TRANSLATION
lea	lea
lead	ukuhola
leaded	uhola
leader	umholi
leadership	ubuholi
leading	ehola
leads	uhola
leaf	amaqabunga
leaflet	ishidi
leafy	amaqabunga
league	ilungu
leak	ukuvuza
leakage	ukuvuza
leaky	kuvuza
lean	incike
leaned	incike
leaning	ukugxila
leap	qhafaza
learn	funda
learned	wafunda
learner	umfundi
learning	ukufunda
lease	ukuqasha
leash	i-leash
leather	isikhumba
leathery	isikhumba
leave	shiya
leavemealone	ngiyeke
leaving	ushiye
lecherous	i-lecherous
lecture	inkulumo
lecturer	umfundisi
ledge	umzila
ledger	isikhombisi
lee	lee
leech	i-leech
leeches	izinhlanzi
leer	NO TRANSLATION
leery	isilo
lees	NO TRANSLATION
leeway	i-leeway
left	kwesokunxele
leftout	NO TRANSLATION
leftover	kusele
leftovers	okusele
lefty	kusele
leg	umlenze
legacy	ifa
legal	ngokomthetho
legality	umthetho
legalize	ibhaliswe ngokomthetho
legalized	ngokomthetho
legally	ngokomthetho
legend	inganekwane
legendary	okuyingqayizivele
legibility	ukufaneleka
legible	ebonakalayo
legion	i-legion
legislate	umthetho
legislation	umthetho
legislative	umthetho
legislator	isishayamthetho
legislature	isishayamthetho
legit	i-legit
legitimacy	ukufaneleka
legitimate	okusemthethweni
lego	i-lego
legs	imilenze
legume	i-legume
legwork	umlenze
leisure	ukuzilibazisa
leisurely	ngokuzilibazisa
lemma	lemma
lemon	ilamuna
lemonade	ilamuna
lend	mboleka
lender	umboleki
lending	ukubolekisa
length	ubude
lengthen	lide
lengthened	lide
lengthening	ukulula
lengthwise	ubude obude
lengthy	eside
leniency	leniency
lenient	okuncane
lens	lens
leopard	ingwe
leotard	i-leotard
leper	onochoko
leprechaun	leprechaun
leprosy	uchoko
lesbian	abashadile
lesbianism	ubulili besifazane
lesion	i-lesion
less	Ngaphansi
lessee	baqashile
lessen	unciphise
lessening	ukwehlisa
lesser	ngaphansi
lesson	isifundo
lessor	ungaphansi
let	vumela
lethal	ezibulalayo
lethargic	i-lethargic
lethargy	ubuqili
letter	incwadi
lettered	okufakwe ohlwini
letterhead	i-letterhead
lettering	izincwadi
letters	izincwadi
lettuce	ulethisi
leukemia	i-leukemia
levee	i-levee
level	izinga
lever	i-lever
leverage	sebenzisa
levitate	lisa
levy	umholo
lewd	okungcolile
lexicon	i-lexicon
ley	NO TRANSLATION
liabilities	izikweletu
liability	icala
liable	unesibopho
liaison	ukuxhumana
liar	ungumqambimanga
libel	isifungo
libelous	libelous
liberal	inkululeko
liberalism	ukukhululeka
liberate	khulula
liberated	ikhululiwe
liberating	ukukhulula
liberation	inkululeko
liberty	inkululeko
libido	libido
librarian	umtapo wolwazi
library	umtapo wolwazi
libretto	freetto
lice	i-lice
license	ilayisense
lichen	lichen
lick	lick
licorice	i-licorice
lid	isembozo
lie	amanga
liege	ukulala
lien	isixhumanisi
lieu	indawo
lieutenant	u-lieutenant
life	ukuphila
lifeblood	igazi lokuphila
lifeboat	ibhulogi lokuphila
lifeguard	Umtakuli wokubhukuda
lifeisgood	lifeisgood
lifeless	abangenampilo
lifelike	okufana nokuphila
lifeline	ukuphakama
lifelong	impilo yonke
lifer	lifer
lifesaver	ukuphilisa
lifestyle	indlela yokuphila
lifesucks	Impilo iyabheda
lifetime	isikhathi sokuphila
lift	phakamisa
lifted	uphakanyisiwe
liftoff	sukumisa
ligament	ligament
ligation	i-ligation
ligature	ligature
light	ukukhanya
light year	unyaka okhanyayo
lightbulb	ibhalobhu yogesi
lighten	ukukhanya
lightheaded	ikhanda elikhanyayo
lighthouse	i-lighthouse
lighting	ukukhanyisa
lightness	ukukhanya
lightning	umbani
lights	izibani
lightweight	okulula
likable	uyathandekayo
like	like
likelihood	amathuba
likely	cishe
likeness	isimo
likewise	ngokufanayo
liking	ukuthanda
lilac	i-lilac
lily	i-lily
limb	isitho
limber	i-limber
limbo	limbo
lime	eluhlaza
limelight	ukukhanya
limestone	i-limestone
limey	limey
limit	umkhawulo
limitation	umkhawulo
limited	kunqunyelwe
limitless	okungenamkhawulo
limo	i-limo
limousine	limousine
limp	limp
lin	lin
line	umugqa
lineage	isizukulwane
lineal	lineal
linear	okukodwa
linebacker	i-linebacker
lined	ihlanganisiwe
linen	ilineni
liner	i-liner
lines	imigqa
lineup	ima emugqeni
linger	ihlala isikhathi eside
lingerie	lingerie
lingering	iqhubeka
lingo	lingo
lingual	lingual
linguini	linguini
linguist	isilimi
linguistic	ulimi
linguistics	izilimi
lining	ukugqoka
link	isixhumanisi
linoleum	linoleum
lint	i-lint
lion	ingonyama
lip	lip
liposuction	i-liposuction
lipstick	i-lipstick
liquefaction	ukuphuza
liquefied	liquefied
liqueur	utshwala
liquid	amanzi
liquidate	ukukhipha
liquidation	ukukhishwa kwemali
liquidator	i-liquidator
liquidity	izimali
liquor	utshwala
lira	NO TRANSLATION
lisp	lisp
list	uhlu
listen	lalela
listener	umlaleli
listenting	NO TRANSLATION
listing	uhlu
listless	uhlulekile
listneing	NO TRANSLATION
litany	i-litany
liter	ilitha
literacy	ukufunda nokubhala
literal	ngokoqobo
literally	ngokoqobo
literary	ukubhala
literature	izincwadi
lithe	lithe
lithium	lithium
lithograph	isithograph
lithography	i-lithography
lithology	lithology
lithosphere	lithosphere
litigant	eliphikisayo
litigate	ukuphikisa
litigation	icala
litigator	umbhikishi
litigious	zivusa
litter	udoti
little	kancane
littlethings	izinto ezincane
littoral	littoral
liturgy	i-liturgy
live	phila
livelife	Phila impilo
livelihood	zokuphila
lively	okujabulisayo
liven	liven
liver	isibindi
livery	livery
livestock	imfuyo
livid	ngokucacile
living	ukuphila
lizard	i-lizard
llama	llama
lml	lml
load	umthwalo
loader	umthwalo wokulayisha
loaf	isinkwa
loafer	loafer
loam	loam
loan	mboleko
loath	loath
loathe	hlehlisa
loathful	ehle
loathing	ukuzonda
loathsome	elihle
lobby	indawo yokubamba iqhaza
lobbyist	lobbyist
lobe	lobe
lobotomy	i-lobotomy
lobster	isikhuphashe
local	zendawo
locale	indawo
locality	indawo
localization	indawo yangakini
localize	indawo
localized	indawo
locate	thola
location	indawo
locator	indawo
loch	loch
lock	ukukhiya
locker	okhiqiza
locket	ilokhi
locksmith	locksmith
lockup	indawo
loco	indawo
locomotion	locomotion
locomotive	locomotive
locust	inkumbi
lode	NO TRANSLATION
lodge	ukulala
lodger	indawo yokuhlala
lodging	ukulala
loft	loft
lofty	ephakeme
log	log
logarithm	i-logarithm
logarithmic	i-logarithmic
logic	logic
logical	kunengqondo
logistics	logistics
logo	logo
logotype	i-logotype
loin	NO TRANSLATION
lollipop	lollipop
lone	yedwa
loneliness	isizungu
lonely	unesizungu
loner	unesizungu
lonesome	lonesome
long	eside
longboat	esideboat
longevity	isikhathi eside
longing	ukulangazelela
longitude	ubude
longitudinal	longitudinal
longitudinally	isikhathi eside
longtime	isikhathi eside
loo	i-loo
look	bheka
looker	umbukeli
lookout	Qapha
loom	phumula
looming	esondela
loon	loon
loony	loony
loop	i-loop
loophole	i-loophole
loopy	loopy
loose	okuxekethile
loosen	khulula
loosening	ukukhulula
loot	ukuphanga
lop	phumula
lopsided	ehlelekile
lord	Nkosi
lords	amakhosi
lordship	ubukhosi
lore	ulahlekile
lorry	amorori
lose	ulahlekelwe
loser	ulahlekile
losing	ukulahlekelwa
loss	ukulahleka
lost	ilahlekile
lot	okuningi
lotion	lotion
lots	inkatho
lottery	i-lottery
lotto	lotto
lotus	i-lotus
loud	ngokuzwakalayo
loudly	ngokuzwakalayo
loudmouth	i-loudmouth
loudness	umsindo
loudspeaker	i-loudspeaker
lounge	ukuphumula
lounging	ukudumisa
louse	louse
lousy	lousy
lovable	ethandekayo
love	uthando
loved	othandekayo
lovee	uthando
loveee	loveee
loveless	abangenalo uthando
lovelife	NO TRANSLATION
loveliness	ubuhle
lovelovelove	NO TRANSLATION
lovely	lovely
lovemaking	i-lovemaking
lovemylife	NO TRANSLATION
lover	umthandi
lovesick	u-loveick
lovethis	lovedis
loving	ngothando
lovinglife	i-lovelife
lovinlife	lovinlife
low	phansi
lowdown	lowdown
lower	ephansi
lowering	ukwehla
lowest	okuphansi kakhulu
lowlands	iziqhingi
lowlife	ukuphila okuphansi
lowly	ophansi
lox	lox
loyal	ethembekile
loyalty	ukwethembeka
lsd	lsd
luau	luau
lube	lube
lubricant	i-lubricant
lubricate	lubricate
lubrication	lubrication
lucid	lucid
luck	inhlanhla
luckiest	lucestest
lucky	lucky
luckygirl	luckygirl
lucrative	ezuzisa kakhulu
ludicrous	lukhulu
lug	isikhwama
luggage	imithwalo
lukewarm	ukufudumala
lull	lull
lullaby	lullaby
lumbar	lumbar
lumber	imithi
lumbering	ukugubha
lumberjack	i-lumberjack
luminescent	luminescent
luminous	ukukhanya
lump	i-lump
lumpy	lumpy
lunacy	ukuthula
lunar	inyanga
lunatic	lunatic
lunch	kwasemini
lunchbox	isikhafithini
luncheon	i-luncheon
lunchtime	isikhathi sasemini
lung	umphunga
lunge	lunge
lungs	amaphaphu
lurch	lurch
lure	ukukhanga
lurid	lurid
lurk	lurk
lurking	lurking
luscious	enhle
lush	lush
lust	ukufisa
luster	ubumnandi
lustful	ukufisa
lustrous	elimnandi
lusty	luthy
lute	lute
luxuriant	elula
luxurious	okunethezeka
luxury	ukunethezeka
lycra	i-lycra
lye	lye
lying	amanga
lymph	i-lymph
lymphatic	lymphatic
lymphoma	i-lymphoma
lynch	lynch
lynching	lynching
lynx	lynx
lyre	i-lyre
lyric	i-lyric
lyrical	i-lyrical
lyrics	amazwi
macadamia	i-macadamia
macarena	macarena
macaroni	macaroni
mace	umama
mach	i-mach
machete	imachete
machine	umshini
machinery	imishini
machinist	i-machinist
macho	amehlo
mackerel	mackerel
macro	macro
mad	mad
madam	madam
madame	madam
madden	madden
madder	i-madder
mademoiselle	NO TRANSLATION
mademyday	mademyday
madhouse	madhouse
madman	madman
madness	ubuhlanya
maestro	i-maestro
mafia	mafia
magazine	umagazini
mage	mage
magenta	i-magenta
maggot	i-maggot
magic	imilingo
magical	imilingo
magician	umlingo
magistrate	umantji
magma	magma
magna	magna
magnate	isikhulu
magnesium	i-magnesium
magnet	i-magnet
magnetic	magnetic
magnetism	magnetism
magnetite	i-magnetite
magnification	ukukhuliswa
magnificence	ubukhulu
magnificent	kuhle kakhulu
magnifier	umkhulisi
magnify	khuthaza
magnifying	ukukhulisa
magnitude	ubukhulu
magnolia	magnolia
magpie	magpie
mahi mahi	NO TRANSLATION
mahjong	mahjong
mahogany	ama-mahogany
maid	umsikazi
maiden	intombi
mail	imeyili
mailbox	ibhokisi lemeyili
mailing	ukuthumela
mailman	umthumeli weposi
maim	NO TRANSLATION
main	main
mainframe	mainframe
mainland	izwe langasese
mainstay	i-mainstay
mainstream	okujwayelekile
maintain	silondoloze
maintenance	ukugcinwa
majestic	mkhulu
majesty	ubukhosi
major	ezinkulu
majority	iningi
make	yenza
makeover	Ushintsho olungcono
maker	umenzi
makeshift	ishift
makesmehappy	NO TRANSLATION
makesmemad	inhlawulo
makeup	ukulungisa
makingdisciples	NO TRANSLATION
malady	ukugula
malaise	malaise
malaria	malariya
malarkey	i-malarkey
male	owesilisa
malevolent	ukuhlukunyezwa
malfeasance	ukuhlukunyezwa
malformation	ukungalungi
malfunction	ukungasebenzi
malice	NO TRANSLATION
malicious	enonya
malign	ukuhlukumezeka
malignancy	ukulimala
malignant	okubi
maligned	ihlazo
mall	mall
malleable	kungenakwenzeka
mallet	i-mallet
malnutrition	ukungondleki
malpractice	ukungasebenzi
malt	i-malt
mama	umama
mambo	izinto
mamma	NO TRANSLATION
mammal	izilwanyana ezincelisayo
mammoth	mammoth
mammy	NO TRANSLATION
man	indoda
manage	lawula
manageable	ukuphathwa
management	ukuphathwa
manager	imenenja
managerial	ukuphathwa
mandamus	mandamus
mandarin	isi-mandarin
mandate	igunya
mandatory	okudingekayo
mandible	mandible
mandolin	mandolin
mandrel	mandrel
mane	NO TRANSLATION
maneuver	ukuhamba
maneuvering	ukuqondisa
mange	NO TRANSLATION
manger	umkhombe
mangle	NO TRANSLATION
mango	i-Mango
mangosteen	mangosteen
mangy	mangy
manhole	umtholampilo
manhood	ubuntu
manhunt	manhunt
mania	mania
maniac	maniac
maniacal	ukukhwabanisa
manic	manic
manicure	ukugcoba
manicurist	i-manicurist
manifest	kubonakala
manifestation	ukubonakaliswa
manifested	kubonisiwe
manifestly	ngokusobala
manifesto	isibonakaliso
manifold	ngokuphindaphindiwe
manipulate	sebenzisa
manipulation	ukuxhaphaza
manipulative	ukukhohlisa
mankind	isintu
manly	indoda
manna	imana
manned	unomuntu
mannequin	i-mannequin
manner	ngendlela
mannered	uhloniphekile
manners	imikhuba
manor	manor
manpower	amandla
mansion	indlu yendlu
mansions	izindlu
manslaughter	ukubulawa kwabantu
mantel	i-mantel
mantis	i-mantis
mantle	ingubo
mantra	i-mantra
manual	incwadi
manufacture	ukukhiqiza
manufacturer	umkhiqizi
manufacturing	ukukhiqiza
manure	umquba
manuscript	umbhalo wesandla
map	ibalazwe
maple	maple
mar	um
marathon	marathon
marble	i-marble
marbled	i-marbled
marbles	amamabula
march	hamba
mare	NO TRANSLATION
margarine	i-margarine
margarita	i-margarita
margin	umkhawulo
marginal	emkhawulweni
mariachi	mariachi
marijuana	ijuju
marinara	marinara
marine	olwandle
mariner	i-mariner
marital	umshado
maritime	elwandle
mark	uphawu
marked	umakwe
marker	umaka
market	emakethe
marketable	ukudayiswa
marketing	ukumaketha
marketplace	indawo emakethe
marks	amamaki
marksman	umlingisi
marksmanship	uphawu lokumaka
marl	i-marl
marmalade	i-marmalade
maroon	i-maroon
marooned	kuhlushwa
marquee	marquee
marquis	marquis
marred	ilahlekile
marriage	umshado
married	eshadile
marrow	umnkantsha
marry	ushade
marsh	marsh
marshal	umshayeli
marshmallow	i-marshmallow
mart	i-mart
martial	ukulwa
martingale	martingale
martini	martini
martyr	umfel 'ukholo
martyrdom	ukufela ukholo
marvel	kumangalisa
marvellous	kumangalisa
marvelous	kumangalisa
marvelously	ngokumangalisayo
marzipan	NO TRANSLATION
mascara	mascara
mascot	mascot
masculine	owesilisa
masculinity	masculinity
mash	Mash
mashed	i-mashed
mask	imaski
masked	zifihliwe
masks	masks
masochism	amehlochismism
masochist	i-masochist
mason	mason
masquerade	u-masquerade
mass	mass
massacre	ukubulala
massage	ukusikhipha
masses	masses
masseur	masseur
masseuse	masuseuse
massive	kakhulu
mast	mast
master	inkosi
masterful	kahle
mastermind	i-mastermind
masterpiece	ubuciko obuhle
mastery	ukuphatha
masturbate	ukushaya indlwabu
masturbation	ukushaya indlwabu
mat	mat
matador	matador
match	fanisa
matchbook	i-matchbook
matching	kufanisa
matchmaker	umeshi womdlalo
mate	oshade naye
material	impahla
materialism	ukuthanda izinto ezibonakalayo
materialist	i-materialist
materialistic	ukuthanda izinto ezibonakalayo
materiality	izinto ezibonakalayo
materialize	zenzeke
materially	ngokwezinto ezibonakalayo
materials	izinto
materiel	izinto ezibonakalayo
maternal	umama
maternity	ukubeletha
math	izibalo
mathematical	izibalo
mathematician	isazi sezibalo
mathematics	izibalo
matinee	matinee
mating	ukulingana
matriculation	matriculation
matrimony	umshado
matrix	matrix
matron	matron
matted	i-matted
matter	indaba
matting	ukulinganisa
mattress	umatilasi
maturation	ukuvuthwa
mature	uvuthiwe
maturity	ukuvuthwa
maudlin	ukuhlukunyezwa
mausoleum	i-mausoleum
mauve	izwi
maverick	i-maverick
maxim	maxim
maximize	ukwandisa
maximum	esiphezulu
may	kungenzeka
mayday	usuku lwami
mayflower	i-floral
mayhem	i-mayhem
mayonnaise	imayonnaise
mayor	iMeya
maze	Maze
mead	i-mead
meadow	inhlanzi
meager	mncane
meal	ukudla
mean	kusho
meander	i-meander
meandering	ukuxoshwa
meanie	meanie
meaning	okusho
meaningful	okunenjongo
meaningless	okungenasisekelo
meanness	ukuhlakanipha
means	kusho
meantime	okwamanje
measles	isisulu
measurable	ukulinganisa
measure	isilinganiso
measured	kulinganiswa
measurement	isilinganiso
measuring	ukulinganisa
measuring cup	inkomishi yokulinganisa
measuring tape	itekisi yokulinganisa
meat	inyama
meatball	i-meatball
meathead	meathead
meatloaf	inyamaloaf
mechanic	umshini
mechanical	imishini
mechanics	imishini
mechanism	indlela
med	NO TRANSLATION
medal	indondo
medallion	medallion
medallist	i-medalist
meddle	sondela
meddling	ukuxuba
media	abezindaba
medial	okuphakathi
median	ophakathi
mediate	hlanganisa
mediation	ukuxoxisana
mediator	umlamuleli
medic	imithi
medical	ukwelashwa
medicate	imithi
medication	imithi
medicinal	imithi
medicine	imithi
medieval	ephakathi
mediocre	hlangana
mediocrity	i-mediocrity
meditate	cabanga
meditating	ukuzindla
meditation	ukuzindla
meditative	ukuzindla
mediterranean	i-Mediterranean
medium	okuphakathi
medley	i-medley
meek	mnene
meet	ukuhlangabezana
meeting	umhlangano
mega	mega
meh	mina
melancholic	i-melancholic
melancholy	i-melancholy
melee	misa
mellow	mellow
melodious	ukuthula
melodrama	melodrama
melodramatic	i-melodramatic
melody	umculo
melon	i-Melon
melt	qhafaza
meltdown	ukuxuba
melting	ukuncibilika
member	ilunga
membership	ubulungu
membrane	ulwelwesi
memento	memento
memo	memo
memoir	memoir
memorabilia	izikhumbuzo
memorable	khumbula
memorandum	imemorandamu
memorial	isikhumbuzo
memorials	izikhumbuzo
memories	izinkumbulo
memoriesiwontforget	NO TRANSLATION
memorize	ngekhanda
memory	inkumbulo
menace	inhlekelele
menacing	ukuphazamisa
menagerie	i-menagerie
mend	lungisa
mending	ukulungisa
menial	kungcolile
meningitis	i-meningitis
meniscus	i-meniscus
menopause	ukuphuma esikhathini
menses	mens
menstrual	ukuya esikhathini
mental	ingqondo
mentalhealth	NO TRANSLATION
mentality	ukucabanga
menthol	menthol
mention	khuluma
mentor	umqeqeshi
menu	imenyu
meow	funda
mercantile	i-mercantile
mercenary	mercenary
merchandise	izimpahla
merchant	umthengisi
merciful	unesihe
merciless	unesihe
mercurial	mercurial
mercury	i-mercury
mercy	isihe
mere	nje
merengue	merengue
merge	hlanganisa
merger	ukuhlanganisa
meridian	i-meridian
meridional	meridional
meringue	i-meringue
merit	kufanelekile
meritorious	okunamandla
mermaid	i-mermaid
merriment	injabulo
merry	ujabule
merrychristmas	NO TRANSLATION
mesa	mesa
mescaline	mescaline
mesh	imeshini
meshes	izilinganiso
mesmerized	i-mesmerized
mess	ukungcola
message	umlayezo
messedup	NO TRANSLATION
messenger	isithunywa
messiah	uMesiya
messy	kuthukile
metabolic	isisombululo
metabolism	i-metabolism
metal	insimbi
metallic	metallic
metallurgy	i-metallurgy
metamorphosis	ukuguqula umzimba
metaphor	isichazamazwi
metaphorical	isifaniso
metaphysical	i-metaphysical
metaphysics	i-metaphysics
metastasis	i-metastasis
meteor	i-meteor
meteoric	i-meteoric
meteorite	i-meteorite
meteorological	imeteorological
meteorology	imeteorology
meter	imitha
meth	meth
methadone	i-methadone
methane	i-methane
methanol	i-methanol
method	indlela
methodical	i-methodical
methodology	indlela
meticulous	ngokucophelela
metime	isikhathi esithile
metric	i-metric
metrical	i-metrical
metrology	metrology
metropolis	idolobha elikhulu
metropolitan	idolobha elikhulu
mettle	i-mettle
mew	misa
mezzanine	i-mezzanine
mica	i-mica
mick	mick
micro	micro
microbe	i-microbe
microbiology	i-microbiology
microchip	i-microchip
microcosm	microcosm
microfilm	i-microfilm
microgram	microgram
micrometer	i-micrometer
micron	micron
microphone	imakrofoni
microscope	i-microscope
microscopic	microscopic
microscopically	microscopically
microscopy	microscopy
microwave	i-microwave
mid	phakathi
midair	imida
midday	emini
middle	maphakathi
middleman	Umphakathi
middleweight	isisindo esiphakathi
midget	i-midget
midland	emaphakathi
midlife	midlife
midline	midline
midnight	phakathi kwamabili
midshipman	midshipman
midst	phakathi
midsummer	midsummer
midterm	midterm
midtown	midtown
midway	midway
midwife	umbelethisi
midwifery	i-midwifery
mien	NO TRANSLATION
miffed	i-miffed
mighty	onamandla
mignon	mignon
migraine	i-migraine
migrate	zifuduka
migration	ukufuduka
migratory	ukufuduka
mike	mike
mil	NO TRANSLATION
mild	mnene
mildew	isikhutha
mildness	ubumnene
mile	mayela
mileage	mileage
milestone	okuyingqopha-mlando
militant	i-militant
militants	izimbangi
military	amasosha
militia	i-militia
milk	ubisi
milkman	ubisi
milkshake	i-Milkshake
milky	imilenze
mill	umshini
millennium	inkulungwane yeminyaka
milligram	milligram
millimeter	i-millimeter
million	izigidi
millionaire	umgidi
millionth	millionth
millstone	itshe lokugaya
mime	i-mime
mimic	ukulinganisa
mimicking	ukulinganisa
mimicry	ukulinganisa
mince	i-mince
mincemeat	mincemeat
mind	ingqondo
minded	engqondweni
mindful	ukukhumbula
mindfulness	ukucabanga
mindless	engenangqondo
mine	amami
minefield	i-minefield
miner	umvukuzi
mineral	amaminerali
mineralogy	i-mineralogy
mingle	hlanganisa
mingled	ihlangene
mini	mini
miniature	okuncane
minibus	i-minibus
minim	NO TRANSLATION
minimal	okuncane
minimize	ukunciphisa
minimized	kuncishisiwe
minimum	ubuncane
mining	izimayini
minion	i-minion
minister	uNgqongqoshe
ministerial	ukukhonza
ministry	inkonzo
minivan	i-minivan
mink	mink
minnow	minnow
minor	encane
minority	amancane
minstrel	i-minstrel
mint	i-mint
minty	minty
minuscule	minuscule
minute	umzuzu
minutiae	minutiae
minx	i-minx
mir	NO TRANSLATION
miracle	isimangaliso
miracles	izimangaliso
miraculous	isimangaliso
mirage	isibindi
mire	NO TRANSLATION
mirror	isibuko
mirth	ujabule
misappropriation	ukusetshenziswa kabi
misbehave	ukungalungi
misbehavior	ukuziphatha okungalungile
miscalculation	ukuhlukumeza
miscarriage	ukukhulelwa kwesisu
miscellaneous	okuhlukahlukene
miscellany	ukuhlukunyezwa
mischief	okubi
mischievous	kabi
misconception	ukungaziphathi kahle
misconduct	ukungaziphathi kahle
misdemeanor	okungalungile
misdirection	ukuhlehlisa
miser	i-miser
miserable	buhlungu
miserably	ngokudabukisayo
misery	usizi
misfire	ukushisa
misfit	funa
misfortune	ngengozi
misguided	NO TRANSLATION
mishap	ukuhlukumezeka
misinformed	okungaziwa kahle
misinterpretation	ukungahunyushwa kahle
mislead	ukudukisa
misleading	ukudukisa
misled	adukisiwe
mismanagement	ukuphathwa kabi
mismatch	ukungasebenzi kahle
mismatched	ukungahambisani kahle
misnomer	kabi
misplace	hlehlisa
misplaced	aphuthelwe
misread	funda kabi
misrepresent	ukuphazamisa kabi
misrepresentation	ukuphazamisa kabi
misrepresented	ihlehlisiwe kabi
miss	miss
missile	missile
missiles	imikhosi
missing	ilahlekile
missingyou	NO TRANSLATION
mission	umsebenzi
missionary	isithunywa sevangeli
misspell	i-misspell
misstatement	ukungaziphathi kahle
missy	missy
mist	iphutha
mistake	iphutha
mistaken	iphutha
mister	mfundisi
mistletoe	i-mistletoe
mistreated	behlukunyezwa
mistress	inkosikazi
mistrial	ngephutha
mistrust	ukungathembi
misty	i-misty
misunderstand	ungaqondi kahle
misunderstanding	ukungaqondi kahle
misunderstood	ukungaqondi kahle
misuse	ukusebenzisa kabi
mite	i-mite
miter	i-miter
mitigate	ukunciphisa
mitigating	ukunciphisa
mitigation	ukunciphisa
mitt	mitt
mitten	NO TRANSLATION
mitzvah	mitzvah
mix	hlanganisa
mixed	kuxutshwe
mixedemotions	ukuxuba
mixer	mixer
mixture	ingxube
mnemonic	mnemonic
moan	duma
moat	i-moat
mob	isixuku
mobile	mobile
mobility	ukuhamba
mobilization	ukugqugquzela
mobilize	ukuhlanganisa
mobster	i-mobster
mocha	mocha
mock	hlekisa
mocked	behleka usulu
mockery	ukuhleka usulu
mocking	ukuhleka usulu
mockingbird	mockingbird
mod	i-mod
modal	modal
modality	imodeli
mode	imodi
model	imodeli
modeler	imodeli
modeling	ukulinganisa
modem	i-modem
moderate	ukulinganisela
moderate anticipation	ukulindela ngokulinganisela
moderate disgust	hlonipha ngokulinganisela
moderate negative	okungalungile okulinganisiwe
moderate positive	ukulinganisela okuhle
moderate surprise	ukumangala okulinganiselayo
moderate trust	ukwethenjwa okulinganisiwe
moderately	ngokulinganisela
moderating	ukulinganisela
moderation	ukulinganisela
moderator	umengameli
modern	zanamuhla
modernism	yesimanje
modest	ethobekile
modesty	ukuthobeka
modicum	modicum
modifiable	lungaguquguquka
modification	ukuguqulwa
modified	iguquliwe
modify	guqula
modulate	i-modulate
modulation	ukumodemu
module	module
modulus	i-modulus
mogul	mogul
moiety	i-moiety
moist	unomanzi
moisture	umswakama
moisturizer	i-moisturizer
molar	i-molar
molasses	i-molasses
mold	isikhunta
molded	okubunjiwe
molding	ukubunjwa
moldy	isikhunta
mole	imvukuzane
molecular	i-molecular
molecule	i-molecule
molest	unesihluku
molestation	ukuhlukunyezwa
molester	i-molester
molten	encibilikisiwe
mom	umama
moment	umzuzwana
momentary	okwesikhashana
momentous	okubalulekile
momentum	ukushesha
momma	umama
mommy	umama
monad	i-monad
monarch	inkosi
monarchy	umbuso
monastery	indlu yezindela
monastic	i-monastic
monetary	imali
money	imali
mongoloid	i-mongoloid
mongoose	mongoose
mongrel	i-mongrel
monitor	ukuqapha
monk	i-monk
monkey	imonkey
mono	NO TRANSLATION
monochrome	i-monochrome
monogamous	unogogo
monogamy	ukuzodwa komuntu
monogram	i-monogram
monogrammed	i-monogrammed
monograph	i-monograph
monolayer	monolayer
monolith	i-monolith
monologue	i-monologue
monopolist	umongameli
monopoly	ukuzithoba
monotonous	i-monotonous
monotony	i-monotony
monoxide	i-monoxide
monsieur	monsieur
monsoon	i-monsoon
monster	i-monster
monstrosity	ukuthukuthela
monstrous	unesabekayo
montage	i-montage
monte	phuma
month	inyanga
monthly	njalo ngenyanga
monument	isikhumbuzo
monumental	i-monumental
moo	lapho
mooch	mooch
mood	isimo sengqondo
moods	imizwelo
moody	moody
moon	inyanga
moonbeam	i-moonbeam
moonlight	ukukhanya kwenyanga
moonlit	inyanga
moonshine	i-moonshine
moonstruck	moonstruck
moonwalk	i-moonwalk
moor	i-moor
moored	ziboshwe
mooring	ukuhleka
moorings	ama-moorings
moorland	i-moorland
moose	i-moose
moot	ukuzulazula
mooted	ukuxoshwa
mop	i-mop
mope	i-mope
moped	waped
moral	ukuziphatha
morale	ukuziphatha
morality	ukuziphatha
morals	ukuziphatha
morass	i-morass
moratorium	ukuhoxiswa
moray	moray
morbid	ukuhlukumezeka
morbidity	ukuhlukunyezwa
morbidness	ukuhlukunyezwa
mores	amahle
morgue	morgue
moribund	i-moribund
morn	ekuseni
morning	ekuseni
moron	i-moron
moronic	i-moronic
morose	i-morose
morph	i-morph
morphine	i-morphine
morphism	i-morphism
morphology	i-morphology
morrow	kusasa
morsel	isiqu
mortal	okufayo
mortality	ukufa
mortar	udoti
mortgage	ukuthenga imali
mortgagee	i-mortgagee
mortgagor	i-mortgagor
mortician	i-mortician
mortification	ukuphikisana
mortified	i-mortified
mortuary	indawo yokuhlala
mosaic	i-mosaic
mosey	nonke
mosque	mosque
mosquito	umiyane
moss	i-moss
mossy	i-mossy
mote	NO TRANSLATION
motel	i-motel
moth	inundu
mother	umama
motherfucker	mamafucker
motherfucking	motherfucking
motherhood	umama
motherland	umama
motherless	umama
motherly	umama
motif	motif
motion	ukunyakaza
motionless	okungahambi kahle
motivate	khuthaza
motivating	kushukumisa
motivation	isisusa
motivational	ukugqugquzela
motive	isisusa
motley	motley
motor	imoto
motorbike	isithuthuthu
motorboat	isithuthuthu
motorcade	isithuthuthu
motorcar	i-motorcar
motorcycle	isithuthuthu
motorist	umshayeli wemoto
motte	i-motte
mottled	i-mottled
motto	isiqubulo
mould	isikhunta
mound	isikhulu
mount	khuphuka
mountain	intaba
mountaineer	intaba
mountainous	izintaba
mountains	izintaba
mountaintop	intaba
mourn	belilele
mournful	ukulila
mourning	ukulila
mouse	igundane
mousetrap	i-mousetrap
mousse	mousse
moustache	Amadevu
mousy	mousy
mouth	umlomo
mouthful	umlomo
mouthpiece	ngomlomo
mouthwash	umlomo
movable	ehambayo
move	hamba
movement	ukunyakaza
mover	umhambisa
movie	movie
movies	amabhayisikobho
moving	ukuhamba
movingforward	NO TRANSLATION
movingon	siqhubekela phambili
mow	thula
mower	umkhumbi
moxie	moxie
mozzarella	mozzarella
mri	mri
muchneeded	NO TRANSLATION
mucis	NO TRANSLATION
muck	bamba
mucked	i-mucked
mucous	i-mucous
mucus	i-mucus
mud	udaka
muddle	udaka
muddled	edonsa
muddy	udaka
muff	i-muff
muffin	i-muffin
muffled	zifakiwe
muffler	umfutho
mug	umgudu
mugger	i-mugger
mulberry	i-mulberry
mulch	i-mulch
mule	i-mule
mull	mull
mullet	mullet
multilateral	ngezizwe eziningi
multimedia	multimedia
multinational	ezizweni eziningi
multiple	multiple
multiple sclerosis	multiple sclerosis
multiplex	i-multiplex
multiplication	ukubuyabuyelela
multiplicity	ukuphindaphindiwe
multiplied	yanda
multiplier	i-multiplier
multiply	yande
multitude	isixuku
mum	umama
mumble	thuka
mumbo	mumbo
mummy	umama
mumps	izimpungushe
munch	u-munch
munchies	munchies
munchkin	munchkin
mundane	i-mundane
municipal	kamasipala
municipality	umasipala
mural	imural
murder	ukubulala
murderer	umbulali
murderess	ukubulala
murderous	ukubulala
murky	i-murky
murmur	ukukhononda
muscle	imisipha
muscular	imisipha
muse	muse
muses	i-muses
museum	iminyuziyamu
mush	NO TRANSLATION
mushroom	ikhowe
mushy	mushy
music	umculo
musical	umculo
musician	umculi
musing	ukukhumbula
musk	musk
musket	musket
musketeer	musketeer
muskrat	i-muskrat
muslin	muslin
muss	NO TRANSLATION
must	kufanele
mustang	mustang
mustard	lwesinaphi
muster	umxhwele
musty	musty
mutable	ingaguquleka
mutant	i-mutant
mutate	mutate
mutation	ukuguqulwa komzimba
mute	yisimungulu
muted	uthulisiwe
mutilate	khumula
mutilated	kukhishwa
mutilation	ukuguqulwa
mutiny	i-mutiny
mutt	mutt
mutter	NO TRANSLATION
mutton	i-mutton
mutual	ukuhlanganyela
mutually	ngokuhlanganyela
muzzle	umbukiso
myfavorite	intandokazi yami
myopia	i-myopia
myopic	i-myopic
myriad	inqwaba
mysterious	imfihlakalo
mystery	imfihlakalo
mystic	i-mystic
mystical	okuyisimanga
mysticism	i-mysticism
mystified	i-mystified
mystique	mystique
myth	inganekwane
mythic	i-mythic
mythical	inganekwane
mythological	inganekwane
mythology	inganekwane
nab	nab
nacho	nacho
nada	NO TRANSLATION
nadir	i-nadir
nag	NO TRANSLATION
nail	Isipikili
nail gun	isibhamu se-nail
naive	i-naive
naked	behamba
nakedness	ubunqunu
namaste	NO TRANSLATION
name	igama
named	okuthiwa
nameless	ongenamagama
namesake	amagama
naming	ukuqamba igama
nana	nana
nanny	nanny
nanometer	i-nanometer
nap	i-nap
napalm	i-napalm
nape	nape
napkin	i-napkin
napping	ukulala
nappy	nappy
narcissism	i-narcissism
narcissist	i-narcissist
narcissistic	i-narcissistic
narcotic	i-narcotic
narrate	ukulandisa
narration	ukulandisa
narrative	okulandisayo
narrator	umlandeli
narrow	mncane
narrowing	ukunciphisa
nasal	umlomo
nascent	i-nascent
nasty	okubi
natal	ukuzalwa
nation	isizwe
national	isizwe
nationality	ubuzwe
nationwide	lonke izwe
native	umdabu
nativity	ukuzala
natural	zemvelo
natural gas	igesi yemvelo
naturalist	isayensi yemvelo
naturalization	ngokwemvelo
naturalized	ngokwemvelo
naturally	ngokwemvelo
nature	imvelo
naught	lutho
naughty	unamahloni
nausea	isiyaluyalu
nauseate	i-nauseate
nauseating	ukugcoba
nauseous	i-nauseous
nautical	i-nautical
nautilus	nautilus
naval	isikebhe
nave	i-nave
navel	inkaba
navigable	indlela yokuhamba
navigate	hamba
navigation	ukuhamba
navigational	indlela yokuhamba
navigator	umhambi
navy	i-navy
nay	NO TRANSLATION
nearsighted	eseduze
neat	kahle
neatly	kahle
nebula	i-nebula
nebulae	i-nebulae
nebulous	nebulous
necessarily	ngempela
necessary	kuyadingeka
necessitate	kudingeka
necessities	izidingo
necessity	isidingo
neck	intamo
necklace	umgexo
necktie	i-necktie
necromancer	i-necromancer
necrosis	i-necrosis
nectar	umpe
need	isidingo
needalife	NO TRANSLATION
needed	okudingekayo
needful	sidinga
needit	NO TRANSLATION
needle	inaliti
needlepoint	i-needlepoint
needles	izinaliti
needless	okungadingekile
needtoknow	isidingo
needtorelax	NO TRANSLATION
needy	abaswele
nefarious	nefarious
negation	ukunganaki
negative	kubi
negativity	ukunganaki
neglect	ukunganaki
neglected	ukunganakiwe
neglecting	ukunganaki
negligee	negligee
negligence	ukunganaki
negligent	ukunganaki
negligently	NO TRANSLATION
negligible	ukunganaki
negotiable	kuxoxisana
negotiate	ukuxoxisana
negotiation	ukuxoxisana
negotiator	ukuxoxisana
negro	negro
neigh	umakhelwane
neighbor	umakhelwane
neighborhood	umakhelwane
neighboring	umakhelwane
nemesis	nemesis
neon	i-neon
neonatal	i-neonatal
neophyte	i-neophyte
neoprene	i-neoprene
nephew	umshana
nepotism	ukuphinga
nerd	i-nerd
nerdy	nerdy
nerve	inzwa
nerves	izinzwa
nervous	ukwesaba
nervousness	ukwesaba
nervouswreck	NO TRANSLATION
nervy	NO TRANSLATION
ness	ness
nest	isidleke
nestle	isidleke
nestling	isidleke
net	inetha
nether	phansi
netting	inetha
nettle	izinambuzane
network	inethiwekhi
networking	ukuxhumana
neural	neural
neuralgia	i-neuralgia
neurological	neurological
neurologist	i-neurologist
neurology	i-neurology
neurosis	i-neurosis
neurosurgeon	neurosurgeon
neurosurgery	i-neurosurgery
neurotic	neurotic
neuter	i-neuter
neutral	ukungathathi hlangothi
neutrality	ukungathathi hlangothi
neutralize	unqande
neutron	i-neutron
new	okusha
new age	unyaka omusha
newbeginnings	NO TRANSLATION
newborn	usanda kuzalwa
newcomer	omusha
newday	usuku olusha
newfound	okusha
newjob	NO TRANSLATION
newlife	impilo entsha
newly	esanda
newlywed	esanda kutshada
newme	i-newme
newness	ukusha
news	izindaba
newscast	i-newscast
newscaster	i-newscaster
newsflash	i-newsflash
newsletter	iphephandaba
newsman	u-newsman
newspaper	iphephandaba
newspaperman	Newspapers
newsreel	i-newsreel
newsroom	igumbi lezindaba
newsstand	i-newsstand
newstart	i-newstart
newt	i-newt
newyear	NO TRANSLATION
nexus	i-nexus
nib	nib
nibble	nibble
nice	kuhle
niche	niche
nichts	NO TRANSLATION
nick	nick
nickel	i-nickel
nickname	isidlaliso
nicotine	i-nicotine
niece	umshana
nifty	nifty
nigger	nigger
nigh	siseduze
night	ubusuku
nightcap	ebusukucap
nightclub	i-nightclub
nightfall	ebusuku
nightgown	ukulala ebusuku
nightie	nightie
nightingale	ebusukuingale
nightlife	ebusukulife
nightly	ebusuku
nightmare	okubuhlungu
nightmares	ama-nightmares
nightstand	ukukhanya ebusuku
nightstick	ebusuku
nighttime	ebusuku
nihilism	i-nihilism
nil	nil
nimble	nimble
nimrod	nimrod
nincompoop	nincompoop
nine	nine
nineteen	ayisishiyagalolunye
ninety	ayisishiyagalolunye
ninja	ninja
ninny	nine
nintendo	nintendo
ninth	yesishiyagalolunye
nip	khumula
nipper	umsizi
nipple	ingono
nippy	nippy
nitrate	i-nitrate
nitro	nitro
nitrogen	i-nitrogen
nitrous	nitrous
nitwit	nitwit
nix	i-nix
no anticipation	akukho ukulindela
no disgust	akukho ukucasuka
no emotion	akukho mzwelo
no sentiment	akukho ukuzwa
no surprise	akumangalisi
no trust	akukho ukwethemba
nobility	ubuhle
noble	ohloniphekile
nobleman	nobleman
nobodycares	NO TRANSLATION
nocomplaints	NO TRANSLATION
nocturnal	ebusuku
nod	i-nod
nodding	ukuphoqa
node	node
nodular	nodular
nodule	i-nodule
noggin	i-noggin
nohope	NO TRANSLATION
noir	i-black
noise	umsindo
noisy	umsindo
nomad	nomad
nomadic	ukuthutha
nomenclature	ukuphakanyiswa kwamagama
nominal	ukuphakanyiswa
nominate	khetha
nomination	ukuphakanyiswa
nominee	ophakanyisiwe
nonce	okungenayo
nonchalant	nonchalant
noncompliance	ukungahambisani
nondescript	i-nondescript
nonexistent	ayikho
nonfat	nonfat
nonfiction	ukungafihli
nonpayment	ukungakhokhelwa
nonresident	ongesihlali
nonsense	okungenangqondo
nonsensical	nonsensical
nonviolent	okungenasizotha
noob	noob
noodle	i-noodle
nook	i-nook
noon	emini
noose	i-noose
nopoint	NO TRANSLATION
noregrets	NO TRANSLATION
norm	evamile
normal	evamile
normalcy	normalcy
normality	ngokujwayelekile
north	enyakatho
northbound	northbound
northeast	northeast
northern	enyakatho
northwest	intshonalanga esenyakatho
northwestern	enyakatho-ntshonalanga
noschool	NO TRANSLATION
nose	impumulo
nosebleed	i-nosebleed
nosey	nosy
nosnow	i-nosnow
nostalgia	nostalgia
nostalgic	nostalgic
nostress	NO TRANSLATION
nostril	i-nostril
nosun	NO TRANSLATION
nosy	nosy
not negative	hhayi okungalungile
not positive	hhayi okuhle
notable	okuphawulekayo
notables	iziphawulekayo
notably	ngokuphawulekayo
notamorningperson	NO TRANSLATION
notary	inothi
notation	inothi
notch	inothi
notched	kungabanjwanga
note	inothi
notebook	ibhuku lokubhala
noted	kuphawulwe
noteworthy	okuphawulekayo
nothappy	NO TRANSLATION
nothingbetter	NO TRANSLATION
nothingness	lutho
notice	isaziso
noticeable	okubonakalayo
notification	isaziso
notify	azise
notion	umbono
notional	i-notional
notoriety	ukungaziwa
notorious	eyaziwa kakhulu
notready	hhayi kakade
notwithstanding	noma kunjalo
nought	lutho
noun	igama
nourish	ukondla
nourishment	ukondla
nouveau	NO TRANSLATION
novel	inoveli
novelist	umlobi wencwadi
novelty	intsha
novice	i-novice
nowadays	namuhla
nowork	okusebenzayo
noworries	Azikho izinkinga
noxious	unesizotha
nozzle	ibhubhu
nuance	i-nuance
nuances	ama-nuances
nuclear	nyukliya
nucleus	i-nucleus
nude	nude
nudge	nudge
nudie	nudie
nudist	nudist
nudity	ubunqunu
nugget	i-nugget
nuisance	inkathazo
nuke	nuke
nul	NO TRANSLATION
null	null
nullify	ungenzi lutho
numb	unzima
number	inombolo
numbering	ukubalwa
numbers	izinombolo
numbness	ukungabi namandla
numbskull	numbskull
numeral	inombolo
numerator	isibalo
numerical	inombolo
numerically	ngenombolo
numerous	eziningi
nun	NO TRANSLATION
nunchucks	nunchucks
nunnery	nunnery
nuptials	izidakamizwa
nurse	umhlengikazi
nursemaid	umhlengikazi
nursery	i-nursery
nursing	ukunakekela
nurture	ukukhulisa
nut	nut
nutcase	nutcase
nutcracker	i-nutcracker
nuthouse	ukungasebenzi
nutmeg	i-nutmeg
nutrition	ukudla okunomsoco
nutritional	okunomsoco
nutritious	okunomsoco
nutritive	okunomsoco
nuts	amantongomane
nutshell	khuluma
nutty	nutty
nylon	i-nylon
nylong	NO TRANSLATION
nylons	izinkanyezi
nymph	nymph
nymphomaniac	nymphomaniac
oaf	waf
oak	i-oki
oar	i-oar
oasis	i-oasis
oat	i-oat
oath	isifungo
oatmeal	oatmeal
obedience	ukulalela
obedient	ukulalela
obediently	ngokuthobeka
obelisk	i-obelisk
obese	obese
obesity	ukukhuluphala
obey	ukulalela
obi	obi
obit	obit
obituary	obituary
object	into
objection	ukuphikisana
objectionable	okungavumelekile
objective	injongo
objectivity	umgomo
obligation	isibopho
obligatory	isibopho
oblige	ukuphoqa
obliged	unesibopho
obliging	okuphoqelekile
obligor	isibopho
oblique	oblique
obliterate	ukuqeda
obliterated	kukhishwe
obliteration	ukuchithwa
oblivion	ukungabikho
oblivious	engacabangi
oblong	oblong
obnoxious	obnoxious
oboe	oboe
obscene	ezinyanyekayo
obscenity	ukungcola
obscure	ifihliwe
obscured	kufihlwe
obscurity	ukukhanya
observance	ukugcina
observant	okuqaphele
observation	ukubuka
observatory	ukuhlola
observe	qaphela
observer	umbukeli
observing	ukubuka
obsess	ukukhathazeka
obsessed	ukukhathazeka
obsessing	ukukhathazeka
obsession	ukuphoqa
obsessive	obsessive
obsolescence	obsolescence
obsolete	engasebenzi
obstacle	isithiyo
obstetrician	isazi sezidakamizwa
obstetrics	izibilini
obstinate	obunzima
obstruct	ukuvimbela
obstruction	ukuvimbela
obstructive	ukuvimbela
obtain	thola
obtainable	itholakala
obtuse	i-obtuse
obverse	okuhlukumezayo
obvious	okusobala
ocarina	ocarina
occasion	isenzakalo
occasional	ngezikhathi ezithile
occasionally	ngezikhathi ezithile
occipital	i-occipital
occlusion	ukunyuka
occult	ukusebenzelana nemimoya
occupancy	ukuhlala
occupant	ukuhlala
occupation	umsebenzi
occupational	umsebenzi
occupied	uhlala
occupier	uhlala
occupy	ukuhlala
occupying	ukuhlala
occur	kwenzeka
occurrence	okwenzekayo
ocd	ocd
ocean	olwandle
oceanic	i-oceanic
octagon	i-octagon
octave	octave
octopus	ingwane
ocular	ocular
odd	okungajwayelekile
oddball	i-oddball
oddity	okungavamile
odds	izinkinga
ode	ode
odious	odizayo
odometer	i-odometer
odor	iphunga
odyssey	odyssey
oedipal	i-oedipal
oestrogen	isrogen
oeuvre	NO TRANSLATION
offal	offal
offence	icala
offend	iphutha
offended	ucasuliwe
offender	umonile
offense	icala
offensive	ukucasula
offer	ukunikela
offered	banikele
offering	ukunikela
offhand	isisulu
office	ihhovisi
officer	isikhulu
offices	amahhovisi
official	isikhulu
officiate	ukuqondisa
offing	ukuvala
offload	kulayishwa
offset	offset
offshoot	offshoot
offshore	offshore
offside	ngaphandle
offspring	inzalo
oft	njalo
oftentimes	izikhathi eziningi
ogre	ogre
ohdear	NO TRANSLATION
ohgod	NO TRANSLATION
ohno	ohno
ohshit	NO TRANSLATION
oil	amafutha
oils	amafutha
oily	oily
oink	i-oink
ointment	amafutha
okra	okra
old	endala
olden	olden
older	endala
oldie	oldie
oldies	ama-oldies
olfactory	olfactory
oligarchy	i-oligarchy
olive	umnqumo
omega	i-omega
omelet	i-omelet
omen	vula
omgomgomg	NO TRANSLATION
ominous	ezimbi
omission	ukushiya
omit	shiya
omitted	akhiyiwe
omnibus	omnibus
omnipotence	ubukhulu
omnipotent	onamandla onke
omnipresent	yonke indawo
omniscient	engazi
onboard	abagibele
oncologist	i-oncologist
oncology	i-oncology
oncoming	okuzayo
one	eyodwa
oneday	NO TRANSLATION
onedge	i-onedge
onelove	uthando olulodwa
oneness	ubunye
onerous	onerous
oneself	ngokwakho
ongoing	okuqhubekayo
onion	u-anyanini
onset	kuqala
onslaught	ukuhlaselwa
onstage	enkundleni
ontology	i-ontology
onus	i-onus
onward	phambili
onyx	i-onyx
oodles	ama-oodle
oomph	i-oomph
ooze	phuma
oozing	iqhuma
op	op
opacity	opacity
opal	i-opal
opaque	opaque
ope	i-ope
open	kuvulwe
opener	ukuvula
opening	ukuvula
openly	ngokuvulekile
openness	ukuvuleka
opera	i-opera
operate	sebenzisa
operatic	okusebenzayo
operation	ukusebenza
operational	ukusebenza
operations	ukusebenza
operative	osebenzayo
operator	opharetha
ophthalmic	ophthalmic
ophthalmologist	i-ophthalmologist
opiate	i-opiate
opinion	imibono
opinionated	ukucabanga
opium	i-opium
opponent	umphikisi
opportune	ithuba
opportunism	amathuba
opportunity	ithuba
oppose	phikisa
opposed	ephikisanayo
opposing	ephikisanayo
opposite	ngokuphambene
opposites	ukuphikisa
opposition	ukuphikiswa
oppress	ukucindezela
oppressed	becindezelwe
oppression	ukucindezelwa
oppressive	ukucindezela
oppressor	umcindezeli
ops	ops
opt	khetha
optic	i-optic
optical	optical
optics	ama-optics
optimism	ithemba
optimist	i-optimist
optimistic	ithemba
optimum	kahle
option	inketho
optional	ukuzikhethela
optionally	ngokuzithandela
options	izinketho
optometrist	i-optometrist
opulence	ukuvota
opulent	i-opulent
opus	i-opus
oracle	i-oracle
oral	ngomlomo
orange	iwolintshi
orange juice	ijusi yewolintshi
orangutan	i-orangutan
oration	i-oration
orator	i-orator
oratory	i-oratory
orb	i-orb
orbit	i-orbit
orbital	i-orbital
orbiting	ukuhleleka
orbs	ama-orbs
orc	i-orc
orchard	insimu yezithelo
orchestra	i-orchestra
orchid	i-orchid
ordained	okhethiwe
ordeal	ukuhlupheka
order	oda
orderly	ngokuhlelekile
ordinance	umthetho
ordinary	ejwayelekile
ordination	ukulungiswa
ordnance	i-ordnance
ore	ore
oregano	i-oregano
organ	isitho
organic	eziphilayo
organism	umzimba
organist	i-organist
organization	inhlangano
organize	hlela
organized	ihlelwe
organizer	umhleli
orgasm	i-orgasm
orgies	izinkanuko
orgy	i-orgy
orient	ukuma
oriental	empumalanga
orientation	ukuma
orifice	i-orifice
origami	origami
origin	umsuka
original	original
originality	ukuqala
originate	kuvela
origination	umsuka
originator	umsunguli
ornament	umhlobiso
ornamental	imihlobiso
ornamentation	ukuhlobisa
ornamented	i-ornamented
ornate	i-ornate
ornery	i-ornery
orphan	izintandane
orphanage	izintandane
orphaned	izintandane
orthodontist	i-orthodontist
orthodox	i-orthodox
orthodoxy	i-orthodoxy
orthogonal	i-orthogonal
orthopedic	i-orthopedic
oscillate	i-oscillate
oscillating	i-oscillating
oscillation	ukukhipha
oscillatory	oscillatory
ostensible	i-ostensible
ostensibly	ngokusobala
ostentatious	ostentatious
ostracized	ukuxoshwa
ostrich	izintshe
other	enye
otter	i-otter
otto	i-otto
ottoman	i-ottoman
ought	kufanele
ounce	i-ounce
oust	khumula
outage	ukuphuma
outback	umhlane
outbid	ukuphazamiseka
outboard	ngaphandle
outbreak	ukuqhuma
outburst	ukuthukuthela
outcast	ukukhishwa
outcome	umphumela
outcry	ukukhala
outdated	iphelelwe yisikhathi
outdo	ngaphandle
outdoor	ngaphandle
outdoors	ngaphandle
outer	ngaphandle
outfit	izingubo
outgoing	ephumayo
outgrow	ukuphuma
outgrowth	ukuphuma
outhouse	indlu yokulala
outing	ukuphuma
outlandish	ngaphandle
outlast	outlast
outlaw	ukungahambi kahle
outlet	ukuphuma
outline	uhlaka
outlines	ukuveza
outlive	ngaphandle
outlook	umbono
outlying	ngaphandle
outnumber	okungekho okuningi
outpatient	ophulukile
outpost	ngaphandle
outpouring	ukuthululelwa
output	okukhiphayo
outrage	ukucasuka
outraged	uthukuthele
outrageous	othukuthele
outrank	ngaphandle
outreach	ukufinyelela
outright	ngokuqondile
outrun	phuma
outset	ekuqaleni
outsider	ngaphandle
outskirts	emaphethelweni
outsmart	upsmart
outspoken	ukukhuluma
outstanding	evelele
outstretched	esithunyelwe
outward	ngaphandle
outwards	ngaphandle
outweigh	ngaphandle
outwit	siphumelele
oval	i-oval
ovary	i-ovary
ovate	ovate
ovation	ovation
oven	i-oven
overactive	ukusebenza ngokweqile
overall	jikelele
overalls	ama-overalls
overbearing	ukukhathazeka
overburden	ukukhishwa ngokwezimali
overcast	ukugqotshwa
overcharged	inqwabelene
overcoat	overcoat
overcome	ukunqoba
overcoming	ukunqoba
overcrowded	inqwabelene
overdo	overdo
overdose	ukudlula ngaphezulu
overdrive	i-overdrive
overdue	kudlulile
overestimate	i-overestimatetimate
overestimated	overestimated
overflow	ukuchichima
overflowing	zichichima
overgrown	ngaphezulu
overgrowth	inqwaba
overhanging	ngokweqile
overhaul	ukukhipha
overhead	ngaphezulu
overhear	uzwela
overheated	sishisekile
overjoyed	bajabule kakhulu
overkill	overkill
overlaid	zanyanyiswe
overlap	iyaqhubeka
overlapping	ukuqoqwa
overlay	ukuguqa
overload	overload
overlook	qaphela
overlord	overlord
overlying	ukuxhuma
overpaid	ukukhokhelwa ngaphezulu
overpass	overpass
overplayed	ihlelwe ngaphezulu
overpower	ukunqoba
overpowering	onamandla
overpriced	inqwabelene
overprotective	okungaphezu kokubheka
overrated	ngaphezulu
overreact	ukucasuka
override	yenzeke ngaphezulu
overriding	ngaphezulu
overrule	inqwabalala
overrun	sondela
oversee	ngamela
overseer	umbonisi
overshadow	ziphezu
oversight	ukuqondisa
oversized	ngaphezulu
overslept	siphelile
overstate	ukudlula
overstock	ngaphezulu
overt	ngaphezulu
overtake	thola
overtaken	sithathwe
overthemoon	NO TRANSLATION
overthinker	ukucubungula
overthinking	ukucabanga ngokweqile
overthrow	ukuphonswa
overtime	ngokuhamba kwesikhathi
overtired	kugqamile
overture	ukunqwabelana
overturn	ukuguqulwa
overview	ukubuka konke
overweight	ukwedlula ngokweqile
overwhelm	kakhulu
overwhelmed	ukucindezeleka
overwhelming	ziqine
overworked	usebenza ngokweqile
overwrought	overwrought
overzealous	ngokweqile
owe	owe
owing	ukukhokha
owl	i-owl
owner	umnikazi
ownership	ubunikazi
ox	inkomo
oxidation	i-oxydation
oxide	i-oxide
oxygen	oksijini
oxymoron	oxymoron
oyster	ukhwathu
ozone	i-ozone
pace	ijubane
pacemaker	i-pacemaker
pacific	pacific
pacified	kuthuthukisiwe
pacifier	i-pacifier
pacifist	i-pacifist
pacify	pacify
pacing	ukuhamba ngezinyawo
pack	iphakethe
package	iphakheji
packaging	ukupakisha
packer	umpakethe
packet	iphakethe
pact	isivumelwano
pad	i-pad
padded	i-padded
padding	i-padding
paddle	i-paddle
paddle boat	isikebhe
paddock	paddock
paddy	i-paddy
padlock	ukuvala isikhwama
padre	NO TRANSLATION
paean	i-paean
pagan	isiqaba
paganism	ubuqaba
page	ikhasi
pageant	i-pageant
pager	i-pager
pagination	ubuqaba
paging	i-paging
pagoda	pagoda
pail	thutha
pain	ubuhlungu
pained	ubuhlungu
painful	buhlungu
painfully	ubuhlungu
painkiller	i-painkiller
painless	ubuhlungu
pains	ubuhlungu
painstaking	ubuhlungu
paint	upende
paintball	i-paintball
paintbrush	ibhuloho lokupenda
painted	okudwetshiwe
painter	umdwebi
painting	ukudweba
pair	pair
paisley	i-paisley
pajama	pajama
pajamas	ama-pajamas
pal	i-pal
palace	isigodlo
palatable	kufanelana
palate	i-palate
pale	ephukile
paleontology	paleontology
palette	i-palette
pall	i-pall
palladium	i-palladium
pallet	i-pallet
palliative	i-palliative
palm	isundu
palmer	palmer
palomino	i-palomino
palpable	iphathekayo
palpitations	i-palpitations
palsy	ukukhubazeka
paltry	i-paltry
pamper	i-pamper
pamphlet	ipheshana
pan	i-pan
panacea	i-panacea
panache	panache
pancake	i-pancake
pancakes	ama-pancake
pancreas	ama-pancreas
panda	panda
pandemic	ubhubhane
pandemonium	i-pandemonium
pane	iphoyinti
panel	iphaneli
pang	NO TRANSLATION
panhandle	panhandle
panic	ukwesaba
panicattack	NO TRANSLATION
panicked	wesaba
panicking	ukukhathazeka
panicky	i-panicky
panier	NO TRANSLATION
panorama	i-panorama
panoramic	i-panoramic
pansy	i-pansy
pant	iphosa
pantheon	i-pantheon
panther	i-Panther
panties	ama-panties
pantomime	i-pantomime
pantry	i-pantry
pants	amabhulukwe
panty	i-Panty
pantyhose	i-pantyhose
pap	ip
papa	papa
papacy	amapapa
papal	NO TRANSLATION
papaya	i-papaya
paper	iphepha
paperback	i-paperback
paperboy	i-paperboy
paperweight	i-paperweight
paperwork	amaphepha
paprika	i-paprika
papyrus	i-papyrus
par	NO TRANSLATION
parable	umzekeliso
parabola	i-parabola
parabolic	ngephutha
parachute	i-parachute
parade	i-parade
paradigm	i-paradigm
paradise	ipharadesi
paradox	ukuphazamiseka
paradoxical	i-paradoxical
paraffin	iparafini
paragon	i-paragon
paragraph	isigaba
parakeet	i-parakeet
paralegal	ummeleli
parallax	i-parallax
parallel	okufanayo
parallelism	kufanelana
paralysis	ukukhubazeka
paralyze	ukukhubazeka
paralyzed	ekhubazekile
paramedic	izimo eziphuthumayo
paramedics	izimo eziphuthumayo
paramilitary	i-paramilitary
paramount	okuyinhloko
paranoia	i-paranoia
paranoid	i-paranoid
paranormal	i-paranormal
parapet	i-parapet
paraphernalia	izakhi
paraphrase	okufingqiwe
paraplegic	i-paraplegic
parasite	i-parasite
parasitic	i-parasitic
parasol	i-parasol
parcel	iphasela
parcels	amaphasela
parched	umile
parchment	isikhumba
pardon	xolela
pare	NO TRANSLATION
parenchyma	i-parenchyma
parent	umzali
parentage	umzali
parental	abazali
parenthesis	NO TRANSLATION
parenthetical	i-parenthetical
parenthood	umzali
parenting	ukubeletha
pariah	pariah
parietal	i-parietal
paring	ukukhuluma
parish	parish
parity	ubuhle
park	paki
parka	i-parka
parking	yokupaka
parkinsons	i-parkinsons
parlance	i-parlance
parlay	i-parlay
parliament	iPhalamende
parliamentary	ePhalamende
parlor	indawo
parmesan	parmesan
parody	i-parody
parole	i-parole
parquet	i-parquet
parrot	i-parrot
parry	i-parry
parse	phenya
parsimonious	ngephutha
parsimony	i-parsimony
parsley	i-parsley
parson	parson
part	ingxenye
partake	bahlanganyele
partial	okuyingxenye
partiality	ukukhetha
partially	ingxenye
participant	umhlanganyeli
participate	iqhaza
participation	ukubamba iqhaza
particle	izinhlayiya
particular	okukhethekile
particularity	imininingwane
particulars	imininingwane
parting	ukuhlukanisa
partisan	i-partisan
partisanship	ukubambisana
partition	ukuhlukanisa
partly	ingxenye
partner	umlingani
partnership	ukubambisana
partridge	i-partridge
parts	izingxenye
party	iqembu
pas	NO TRANSLATION
pass	kudlula
passable	iyadlula
passage	umbhalo
passageway	ukuhamba
passe	NO TRANSLATION
passenger	umgibeli
passim	NO TRANSLATION
passing	ukudlula
passion	isifiso
passionate	abanesithakazelo
passive	okungahambi kahle
passivity	ukungabi namusa
passkey	i-passkey
passport	ipasipoti
password	iphasiwedi
past	idlule
pasta	i-pasta
paste	unamathisele
pastel	pastel
pastime	ukuchitha isikhathi
pastor	umfundisi
pastrami	pastrami
pastry	i-pastry
pasture	idlelo
pasty	pasty
pat	pat
patch	patch
patchwork	i-patchwork
pate	pate
patella	i-patella
patent	i-patent
patented	unelungelo lobunikazi
paternal	ubaba
paternity	ubaba
path	indlela
pathetic	ukukhathazeka
pathological	i-pathological
pathologist	i-pathologist
pathology	i-pathology
pathos	NO TRANSLATION
pathway	indlela
patience	ukubekezela
patient	isiguli
patio	i-patio
patriarch	unzalamizi
patriarchal	u-patriarchal
patrimony	ifa lomhlaba
patriot	i-patriot
patriotic	ukuthanda izwe
patriotism	ukuthanda izwe
patrol	ukujikeleza
patrolman	umshayeli wetende
patron	umphathi
patronage	i-patronage
patronising	ukuphishekela
patronize	i-patronize
patronizing	ukuphishekela
patter	i-patter
pattern	iphethini
paucity	ubumpofu
pauper	ompofu
pause	yimise okwesikhashana
pave	phuma
pavement	ukuhamba
pavilion	inkundla
paving	ukupaka
paw	i-paw
pawn	i-pawn
pawnshop	i-pawnshop
pax	i-pax
pay	akhokhe
payable	ikhokhwa
payback	ukubuyisela emuva
paycheck	ukukhokha
payday	payday
payer	ukhokha
payload	ukukhokhela
payment	ukukhokha
payoff	inkokhelo
payout	ukukhokha
payphone	payphone
payroll	ukukhokhela
pea	ipea
peace	ukuthula
peaceable	ukuthula
peaceful	ukuthula
peacefully	ngokuthula
peacekeeper	isikhulu sokuthula
peaceofmind	NO TRANSLATION
peacetime	isikhathi sokuthula
peach	ipentshisi
peachy	i-peachy
peacock	ipaki
peak	ukuphakama
peaked	kufakwe
peanut	i-peanut
peanuts	amantongomane
pear	ipheya
pearl	iparele
pearly	i-pearly
peas	uphizi
peasant	ohluphekile
peat	peat
pebble	igubu
pecan	pecan
peck	peck
pecker	i-pecker
peculiar	okuyingqayizivele
peculiarities	okukhethekile
peculiarity	okuyingqayizivele
peculiarly	ngokukhethekile
pecuniary	i-pecuniary
pedal	i-pedal
pedantic	i-pedantic
peddle	i-peddle
peddler	umthengisi
pedestal	ukuhamba ngezinyawo
pedestrian	abahamba ngezinyawo
pediatric	izingane
pediatrician	udokotela wezingane
pediatrics	isifo sofuba
pedicure	i-pedicure
pedigree	ukuhamba ngezinyawo
pedometer	i-pedometer
pedophile	okuzenzekelayo
pee	ikhasi
peek	peek
peekaboo	Bheka lab
peel	ikhasi
peep	khuphuka
peeper	i-peeper
peephole	i-peephole
peer	ngontanga
peering	ukubuka
peerless	abangenasibindi
peeved	i-peeved
peg	isikhonkwane
pegs	izikhonkwane
peice	NO TRANSLATION
pelagic	i-pelagic
pelican	i-pelican
pellet	i-pellet
pelvic	i-pelvic
pelvis	isikhumba
pen	ipeni
penal	isigwebo
penalty	isijeziso
penance	ukuphumula
penchant	i-penchant
pencil	ipensela
pendant	isikhathi
pendency	i-pendency
pendent	NO TRANSLATION
pending	kulindile
pendulum	pendulum
penetrate	ngena ngaphakathi
penetrating	ukungena
penetration	ukungena
penguin	i-penguin
penicillin	i-penicillin
penile	i-penile
peninsula	inhlonipho
penis	ipeni
penitent	phandle
penitentiary	ejele
penmanship	ukuphanga
pennant	pennant
penniless	ungenasici
penny	ipenny
pension	impesheni
pensioner	umhlalaphansi
pensive	ukucabanga
pentagon	i-pentagon
pentagram	i-pentagram
penthouse	i-penthouse
penultimate	phuma kakhulu
people	abantu
peopled	i-peopled
pep	pep
pepper	upelepele
peppermint	i-peppermint
pepperoni	pepperoni
peppy	i-peppy
peptic	i-peptic
peptide	i-peptide
perceive	qaphela
percent	amaphesenti
percentage	iphesenti
percentile	i-percentile
perceptible	ukuqonda
perception	umbono
perceptive	ukuqonda
perch	i-perch
perchance	ubuhle
percolation	i-percolation
percussion	ingxabano
perdition	ukubhujiswa
peremptory	i-peremptory
perennial	okungapheliyo
perfect	ephelele
perfection	ukuphelela
perfectionist	ukuphelelisa
perfecto	NO TRANSLATION
perforated	iphikisiwe
perforation	i-perforation
perforce	sebenzisa amandla
perform	yenza
performance	ukusebenza
performer	umenzi
perfume	iphunga
perfumed	elimnandi
peri	isikhathi
peridot	i-peridot
peril	ingozi
perilous	engozini
perimeter	umjikelezo
period	isikhathi
periodic	ngezikhathi ezithile
periodical	ngezikhathi
periodically	ngezikhathi ezithile
periodicity	i-periodicity
peripheral	i-peripheral
periphery	i-periphery
periscope	i-periscope
perish	babhubha
perishable	ilahleke
perished	yafa
perishing	kushabalala
perjury	ukukhohlisa
perk	i-perk
perky	i-perky
perm	imvume
permanence	unomphela
permanent	unomphela
permeable	kuphepheka
permeate	i-permeate
permeation	i-permeation
permissible	kuvunyelwe
permission	imvume
permissive	imvume
permit	imvume
permitted	kuvunyelwe
permitting	evumela
permutation	imvume
pernicious	i-pernicious
peroxide	i-peroxide
perpendicular	i-perpendicular
perpetrate	ukuqhubekela phambili
perpetrator	umenzi wobugebengu
perpetual	phakade
perpetually	njalo
perpetuate	qhubekisa
perpetuation	ukuqhutshwa phambili
perpetuity	ukuhlala njalo
perplexed	kuphazamiseke
perplexing	ukuphazamiseka
perplexity	ukuphazamiseka
persecute	ukushushisa
persecution	ukushushiswa
perseverance	ukubekezela
persevere	ukuphikelela
persist	qhubekani
persistence	ukuphikelela
persistent	ukuphikelela
persisting	ukuphikelela
person	umuntu
persona	NO TRANSLATION
personable	umuntu
personage	umuntu
personal	siqu
personality	ubuntu
personification	ukuzenzela umuntu
personnel	abasebenzi
persons	abantu
perspective	umbono
perspiration	ukuphefumula
persuade	kholisa
persuasion	ukukholisa
persuasive	eshukumisayo
pert	i-pert
pertinent	efanelekayo
perturbation	ukuphazanyiswa
pertussis	i-pertussis
perusal	kukhishwa
peruse	sebenzisa
pervading	eqhubekayo
perverse	ukuphikisa
perversion	ukuguquka
pervert	uphenduke
perverted	ihlanekezelwe
pesky	i-pesky
pessimism	ukukhathazeka
pessimist	i-pessimist
pessimistic	ukungathembeki
pest	inkathazo
pester	i-pester
pestilence	isifo esiwumshayabhuqe
pestle	i-pestle
pesto	pesto
pet	isilwane
petal	i-petal
petite	kancane
petition	isikhalazo
petitioner	umfakisicelo
petloss	NO TRANSLATION
petpeeve	NO TRANSLATION
petrified	sithandwa
petrify	funa
petrol	uphethiloli
petroleum	i-petroleum
petticoat	i-petticoat
petting	ukufaka
petty	okuncane
petulant	i-petulant
petunia	petunia
pew	pew
pewter	pewter
peyote	NO TRANSLATION
phalanx	i-phalanx
phantom	phantom
pharaoh	pharao
pharmaceutical	imithi
pharmacist	ikhemisi
pharmacology	i-pharmacy
pharmacy	ikhemisi
phase	isigaba
pheasant	inyoni ye-pheasant
phenomenal	okwenzekayo
phenomenon	isenzakalo
pheromone	i-pheromone
phew	phew
phi	phi
philanthropic	i-philanthropic
philanthropist	philanthropist
philanthropy	ubuhle
philistine	i-philistine
philosopher	ifilosofi
philosophic	ifilosofi
philosophical	ifilosofi
philosophy	ifilosofi
phlegm	i-phlegm
pho	pho
phobia	phobia
phoenix	phoenix
phone	ifoni
phonetic	ifontiki
phonetics	i-phonetics
phonics	imisindo
phonograph	i-phonograph
phonology	i-phonology
phony	phony
phooey	phooey
phosphate	i-phosphate
phosphor	i-phosphor
phosphorus	i-phosphorus
photo	isithombe
photogenic	photogenic
photograph	isithombe
photographer	photographer
photographic	izithombe
photography	izithombe
photometry	i-photometry
photon	photon
phrase	ibinzana
phraseology	i-phraseology
phylogeny	phylogeny
physical	ngokomzimba
physical therapist	isazi somzimba
physician	udokotela
physicist	i-physicist
physics	i-physics
physiological	ngokomzimba
physiology	umzimba
physique	umzimba
pi	pi
pianist	i-pianist
piano	upiyano
piazza	Piazza
piccolo	NO TRANSLATION
pick	khetha
picked	ithathwe
picker	isikhethi
picket	ikhekhethi
picketing	ukuqoqa
pickle	ukhukhamba
pickled	okufakiwe
pickpocket	i-pickpocket
pickup	Phakamisa
picky	okukhethile
picnic	ipikinikini
pictorial	isithombe
picture	isithombe
pictures	izithombe
picturesque	elimnandi
pie	i-pie
piece	ucezu
piecemeal	u-piecemeal
pieceofshit	i-pieceofshit
pied	ukuhamba
pier	i-pier
pierce	ukuhlaba
piety	ukuzinikela
pig	ingulube
pigeon	ijuba
piggy	piggy
piggyback	piggyback
pigheaded	i-pigheaded
piglet	i-piglet
pigment	i-pigment
pigskin	izingulube
pigsty	i-pigsty
pike	pike
pile	inqwaba
piles	izinqwaba
pileup	kwunqwabelene
pilgrim	pilgrim
pilgrimage	ukuhamba ngezinyawo
pill	iphilisi
pillage	ukuphanga
pillar	insika
pillbox	i-pillowbox
pillow	umcamelo
pillowcase	pillowcase
pilot	umshayeli
pimp	pimp
pimple	pimple
pin	pin
pinball	pinball
pinch	phina
pinching	ukuphoqa
pine	iphayini
pineapple	uphayinaphu
ping	ping
pinhead	iphrinta
pinhole	i-pinhole
pinion	i-pinion
pink	pink
pinkie	iphiniki
pinnacle	insika
pinot	pinot
pinpoint	ukukhomba
pint	i-pint
pinto	i-pinto
pinup	Phina
pioneer	iphayona
pious	uthanda
pip	i-pip
pipe	ipayipi
piped	i-piped
pipeline	ipayipi
piper	i-piper
pipette	i-pipette
piping	ukudonsa
pipsqueak	i-pipsqueak
pique	pique
piracy	i-piracy
piranha	i-piranha
pirate	i-pirate
piscina	NO TRANSLATION
piss	piss
pissed	iphoswe
pissedoff	uthukuthele
pisser	NO TRANSLATION
pissesmeoff	i-pissesmeoff
pissingmeoff	i-pissingmeoff
pissoff	awu hambe la
pistachio	i-pistachio
pistol	isibhamu
piston	i-piston
pit	umgodi
pita	pita
pitch	i-pitch
pitcher	imbiza
pitchfork	i-pitchfork
pitfall	i-pitfall
pith	pith
pithy	i-pithy
pitiful	buhlungu
pitted	i-pitted
pitter	i-pitter
pituitary	pituitary
pity	isihawu
pivot	pivot
pivotal	okubalulekile
pix	pix
pixie	pixie
pizza	i-pizza
pizzazz	pizzazz
pizzeria	i-pizzeria
placard	ipaki
place	indawo
placebo	i-placebo
placement	ukubekwa
placenta	i-placenta
placid	i-placid
placket	iphakethe
plagiarism	ukubekezela
plague	isifo
plaid	kubeka phansi
plain	plain
plainclothes	ama-plainclothes
plaintiff	ummangali
plaintive	i-plaintive
plan	plan
plane	indiza
planes	izindiza
planet	iplanethi
planetarium	iplanethium
planetary	iplanethi
planets	amaplanethi
plank	iplanki
plankton	iplanethi
planned	kuhlelwe
planner	umhleli
planning	ukuhlela
plant	isitshalo
plantation	ukutshala
planter	umlimi
planting	ukutshala
plaque	i-plaque
plasma	i-plasma
plaster	i-plaster
plastic	ipulasitiki
plasticity	ipulasitiki
plat	isitsha
plate	ipuleti
plateau	ipulazi
plated	yenziwe
platform	platform
plating	ukuphoqa
platinum	i-platinum
platonic	i-platonic
platoon	i-platoon
platter	isitsha
plaudit	NO TRANSLATION
plausibility	ukubekezela
plausible	kufakwe kahle
play	ukudlala
playa	i-playa
playback	ukudlala
playbook	ibhuku lokudlala
playboy	i-playboy
player	umdlali
playful	ukudlala ukudlala
playground	indawo yokudlala
playhouse	indawo yokudlala
playmate	odlala naye
playoff	Dlala
playpen	ukudlala
playroom	igumbi lokudlala
plaything	ukudlala
playtime	isikhathi sokudlala
playwright	i-playwright
plaza	i-plaza
plea	isikhalazo
plead	thandaza
pleasant	mnandi
pleased	uyajabula
pleasing	okujabulisayo
pleasurable	okujabulisayo
pleasure	injabulo
pleasures	izinjabulo
pleat	ukukhala
pleated	wancenga
pledge	isibambiso
pledged	wafunga
plenary	plenary
plentiful	iningi
plenty	inala
plenum	i-plenum
plethora	i-plethora
plexus	i-plexus
pliable	ipholile
plication	ukungafani
pliers	iziphazamisi
plight	ukuhlupheka
plinth	i-plinth
plodding	i-plodding
plop	plop
plot	isakhiwo
plough	ukulima
ploughed	lililoliwe
plover	plover
plow	ukulima
plowed	lililoliwe
plowing	ukulima
ploy	ploy
pluck	phakamisa
plucky	i-plucky
plug	ipulaki
plum	ipulamu
plumage	inqwaba
plumb	plumb
plumber	ipulazi
plumbing	amapayipi
plume	ipulazi
plummet	i-plummet
plump	i-plump
plumper	i-plumper
plunder	ukuphanga
plunge	phambuka
plunger	i-plunger
plural	ubuningi
plurality	ubuningi
plush	phindaphinda
plutonium	plutonium
ply	ply
plywood	plywood
pneumatic	i-pneumatic
pneumonia	i-pneumonia
poacher	umgqugquzeli
poachers	abazingeli
poaching	ukuzingela
pocket	ephaketheni
pocketbook	i-pocketbook
pocketful	pocketful
pod	NO TRANSLATION
podium	i-podium
poem	inkondlo
poems	izinkondlo
poet	imbongi
poetic	inkondlo
poetical	izinkondlo
poetics	izinkondlo
poetry	izinkondlo
pogo	i-pogo
poignant	i-poignant
point	iphuzu
pointedly	ngokucacile
pointer	i-pointer
pointless	okungenasici
pointy	i-pointy
poise	poise
poison	ubuthi
poisoned	ubuthi
poisoning	ubuthi
poisonous	unobuthi
poke	phakamisa
poker	i-poker
pokes	i-pokes
polar	i-polar
polarity	i-polarity
pole	isibalo
polemic	i-polemic
police	amaphoyisa
police officer	iphoyisa
policeman	iphoyisa
policewoman	amaphoyisa
policy	inqubomgomo
polio	ipholiyo
polish	polish
polished	ipholile
polite	inhlonipho
politeness	ukuzithoba
politic	ezombusazwe
political	ezombusazwe
politician	osombusazwe
politics	ezombusazwe
polity	ubuphofu
polka	i-polka
poll	i-poll
pollen	impova
polling	ukuvota
pollute	ukungcola
pollution	ukungcola
polo	polo
poltergeist	i-poltergeist
polyester	i-polyester
polygamy	isithembu
polygon	i-polygon
polygonal	i-polygonal
polygraph	i-polygraph
polymer	i-polymeri
polymorphism	i-polymorphism
pomp	pomp
pompous	ukuziqhenya
poncho	i-poncho
pond	echibini
ponder	cabanga
ponderous	ponderous
pong	i-pong
pontiff	ipontif
pontificate	pontificate
pontoon	i-pontoon
pony	i-pony
ponytail	i-ponytail
pooch	pooch
poodle	i-poodle
poof	izinhlamvu
pool	ichibi
poop	Uthuvi
poor	abampofu
poorly	kabi
pop	pop
popcorn	I-Popcorn
pope	upapa
popper	i-popper
poppy	i-poppy
poppycock	poppycock
popsicle	i-popsicle
popular	ethandwa
popularity	ukuthandwa
popularized	iphakanyisiwe
population	inani labantu
populous	abaningi
porcelain	i-porcelain
porch	ipulaki
porcupine	inkukhu
pore	i-pore
pork	inyama yengulube
porker	i-porker
porky	i-porky
porn	porn
porno	porno
pornographic	izithombe zobulili ezingcolile
pornography	izithombe zobulili ezingcolile
porosity	i-porosity
porous	i-porous
porridge	iphalenda
port	ichweba
portable	iphathekayo
portage	i-portage
portal	i-portal
porter	i-porter
porterhouse	porterhouse
portfolio	iphothifoliyo
porthole	i-porthole
portico	i-portico
portion	ingxenye
portrait	isithombe
portraiture	i-portraiture
portray	ukuveza
pose	pose
poser	NO TRANSLATION
posh	posh
posited	okufakiwe
position	isikhundla
positioning	ukubeka isikhundla
positive	okuhle
positiveenergy	NO TRANSLATION
positively	ngokuqinisekile
positivity	positivity
posse	ukubuza
possess	ifa
possessed	ephethe
possessing	unayo
possession	ifa
possessive	izinto
possessor	umninimzi
possibility	kungenzeka
possible	kungenzeka
possibly	kungenzeka
possum	possum
post	okuthunyelwe
postage	ukuposa
postal	iposi
postcard	ikhadi lekhadi
poster	iphosta
posterior	ngemuva
posterity	ukuzala
posthumous	i-posthumous
postman	umthumeli
postmortem	i-postmortem
postpone	ihlehlise
postponed	ihlehlisiwe
postponement	ukuhlehliswa
postscript	okubhalwe phansi
postulate	i-postulate
posture	ukuma
pot	ibhodlela
potable	ezinamandla
potassium	i-potassium
potato	izambane
potatoes	amazambane
potency	i-potency
potent	ngamandla
potential	okungenzeka
pothead	i-pothead
pothole	pothole
potion	potion
potluck	i-potluck
potpourri	Okufanayo
potted	i-potted
potter	umbumbi
pottery	ubumba
potty	potty
pouch	isikhwama
poultry	izinkukhu
pounce	pounce
pound	ipondo
pounding	ukuphoqa
pour	NO TRANSLATION
pout	pout
pouting	ukuphoqa
pouty	i-pouty
poverty	ubumpofu
pow	pow
powder	powder
powdered	okuyimpuphu
powdery	powdery
power	amandla
powerful	unamandla
powerfully	ngamandla
powerhouse	amandla
powerless	engenamandla
powwow	powwow
pox	isikhulu
practicable	kungenzeka
practical	okusebenzayo
practically	cishe
practice	sebenzisa
practiced	kwenziwa
practise	sebenzisa
practitioner	udokotela
pragmatic	pragmatic
prairie	i-prairie
praise	udumo
praised	udunyiswe
praisegod	NO TRANSLATION
praisejesus	NO TRANSLATION
praises	ukudumisa
praiseworthy	kuhlonishwa
praising	ukudumisa
prance	ukulungiswa
prank	prank
prawn	prawn
praxis	praxis
pray	thandaza
prayer	umthandazo
prayforme	thandaza
praying	ukuthandaza
praying mantis	ukuthandaza
preach	shumayela
preacher	umshumayeli
preaching	ukushumayela
preamble	kuqala
precarious	okungahambi kahle
precaution	ukuqapha
precautionary	ukuqapha
precede	phambili
precedence	kuqala
precedent	ngaphambili
preceding	esandulele
precept	umyalo
preceptor	ummeleli
precession	ukulandelela
precinct	i-precinct
precincts	indawo
precious	okuyigugu
precipice	imvula
precipitate	siphelile
precipitation	imvula
precipitous	inqabile
precise	okuqondile
precisely	ngokuqondile
precision	ngokunemba
preclude	vimbela
precocious	unengqondo
precursor	isandulela
predator	isidlali
predatory	izidakamizwa
predecessor	obengaphambili
predicament	inhlekelele
predicate	isibikezelo
predict	ukubikezela
predictable	okubikezelwayo
predicting	ukubikezela
prediction	ukubikezela
predictive	ukubikezela
predictor	ukubikezela
predilection	ukubikezela
predispose	i-predispose
predisposed	i-predisposed
predisposition	ukulandelwa kwesikhathi
predominance	predominance
predominant	kakhulu
predominate	kubaluleke kakhulu
preeminent	okuphambili
preemption	ukulungiselela
preemptive	ukulungiselela
preface	isingeniso
prefect	i-prefect
prefer	khetha
preferable	okukhethwayo
preference	okuthandayo
preferential	okukhethekile
prefix	isiqalo
pregnancy	ukukhulelwa
pregnant	ukhulelwe
prehistoric	prehistoric
prejudice	ubandlululo
prejudiced	ubandlululo
prejudicial	ubandlululo
prelim	prelim
preliminary	kuqala
prelude	prelude
premarital	ngaphambi komshado
premature	ngaphambi kwesikhathi
prematurely	ngaphambi kwesikhathi
premed	kulungiselelwe
premeditated	ukulungiswa
premier	uNdunankulu
premiere	i-premiere
premise	isisekelo
premises	izakhiwo
premium	i-premium
premonition	ukulungiselela
prenatal	ngaphambi kokubeletha
prenuptial	prenuptial
preoccupation	ukukhathazeka
preoccupied	kuthinteka kakhulu
prep	prep
preparation	ukulungiselela
preparatory	ukulungiselela
prepare	lungiselela
prepared	ulungiselelwe
preparedness	ukulungela
preparer	i-preparer
preparing	ukulungiselela
preponderance	ukuphelelwa yisikhathi
preposterous	i-preposterous
preppy	preppy
prerequisite	okudingekayo
prerogative	ukuzikhethela
preschool	zasenkulisa
prescient	aziqaphele
prescribe	misela
prescribed	okushiwo
prescription	imithi
prescriptive	okuchazwe
presence	ubukhona
present	okwamanje
presentable	ebonakalayo
presentation	isethulo
presenter	umethuli
presentment	isethulo
presents	izipho
preservation	ukulondolozwa
preservative	isilondolozi
preserve	ukulondoloza
preserved	igcinwe
preserving	ukulondoloza
preside	ubambe
presidency	umongameli
president	umongameli
presidential	uongameli
press	cindezela
pressing	ukucindezela
pressure	ukucindezela
prestige	udumo
prestigious	ehloniphekile
presto	presto
presume	cabanga
presumption	ukucabangela
presumptive	ukuzonda
presumptuous	ukugabadela
presuppose	presuppose
pretend	zenze sengathi
pretended	zenze sengathi
pretender	i-pretender
pretending	zizenza
pretense	ukuziqhenya
pretensions	izifiso
pretentious	ukuziqhenya
pretext	ukuzithiba
pretty	kuhle
pretzel	pretzel
prevail	inqoba
prevailing	inqoba
prevalence	ukusabalala
prevalent	evamile
prevent	ukuvimbela
preventative	ukuvimbela
prevention	ukuvimbela
preventive	ukuvimbela
preview	ukubuka kuqala
previous	edlule
previously	ngaphambili
prey	inyamazane
price	intengo
priceless	okungabalulekile
pricey	intengo
prick	thinta
prickly	ngokuziqhenya
pride	ukuziqhenya
priest	umpristi
priestess	umpristikazi
priesthood	ubupristi
priestly	umpristi
prig	ukuqala
prim	prim
prima	NO TRANSLATION
primacy	ukubaluleka
primal	primal
primary	okuyisisekelo
primate	i-primate
primates	izilwane
prime	kuqala
primed	ukutholwa
primer	i-primer
primeval	okuyinhloko
priming	ukuzijabulisa
primitive	okuyisisekelo
primordial	okuyinhloko
primrose	ukuthoma
prince	isikhulu
princely	ngobukhulu
princess	princess
principal	oyinhloko
principally	ngokuyinhloko
principle	isimiso
principles	izimiso
print	phrinta
printer	iphrinta
printing	ukuphrinta
printout	Phrinta
prior	ngaphambi
prioritize	kuqala
priority	kuqala
priory	okuyisisekelo
prism	i-prism
prismatic	i-prismatic
prison	ejele
prisoner	isiboshwa
prissy	prissy
pristine	ngokucacile
privacy	ubumfihlo
private	eyimfihlo
privately	ngasese
privilege	ilungelo
privileged	unelungelo
privy	ukuthanda
prize	umklomelo
prized	okubalulekile
pro	pro
proactive	okusebenzayo
probability	amathuba
probable	kungenzeka
probate	qaphela
probation	ukuhlolwa
probationary	i-probationary
probative	ukulinganisa
probe	iphenyo
probing	ukuhlola
probity	ubuqotho
problem	inkinga
problematic	inkinga
procedural	inqubo
procedure	inqubo
proceed	qhubeka
proceeding	ukuqhubeka
proceeds	iyaqhubeka
process	inqubo
processing	ukucubungula
procession	ukunyakaza
processor	iprosesa
proclaim	memezele
proclamation	isimemezelo
procrastinate	ukuqeda
procrastination	ukuqeda
procreate	ukukhiqiza
procreation	ukuzala
proctologist	i-proctologist
proctor	proctor
procure	ukuthenga
procurement	ukuthengwa kwempahla
prod	prod
prodigal	ukulahleka
prodigious	okuhle kakhulu
prodigy	i-prodigy
produce	khiqiza
produced	okhiqizwayo
producer	umkhiqizi
producing	ukukhiqiza
product	umkhiqizo
production	ukukhiqizwa
productive	okukhiqizayo
productivity	ukukhiqiza
profane	ungcolile
profanity	ukuhlambalaza
profess	uvuma
profession	umsebenzi
professional	ochwepheshe
professionalism	ubuchwepheshe
professor	uprofesa
professorship	uprofessorship
proficiency	ubuchwepheshe
proficient	uqeqeshiwe
profile	iphrofayili
profiler	profiler
profit	inzuzo
profitable	inzuzo
profound	okujulile
profuse	kuqhuma
profusion	i-profusion
prog	inqubekela phambili
progenitor	umlandeli
progeny	inzalo
prognosis	ukubikezela
prognostic	ukubikezela
program	Uhlelo
programme	Uhlelo
programmer	uhlelo lokusebenza
programming	izinhlelo
progress	inqubekela phambili
progression	ukuqhubeka
progressive	okuqhubekayo
prohibit	vimbela
prohibited	kuvunyelwe
prohibition	ukuvinjelwa
prohibitive	okuvumelekile
project	iphrojekthi
projectile	i-projectile
projectiles	projectiles
projecting	ukuphanga
projection	ukubonakala
projector	iprojekti
proletarian	i-proletarian
proletariat	i-proletariat
prolific	iningi
prologue	isandulela
prolong	isikhathi eside
prolongation	isandiso
prolonged	isikhathi eside
prom	isithembiso
promenade	ukuhamba
prominence	ukuvelela
prominent	ovelele
prominently	ngokuvelele
promiscuity	ukuziphatha kabi
promiscuous	ukuphinga
promise	isithembiso
promising	ethembisa
promissory	i-promissory
promo	ukukhushulwa
promontory	i-promontory
promote	khuthaza
promoter	umgqugquzeli
promotion	ukukhuthazwa
promotional	ukuphromotha
prompt	ngokushesha
prompting	ukuhambisa
promulgate	phakamisa
promulgation	ukushicilelwa
prone	senzeke
prong	i-prong
pronounce	ukubiza
pronounced	kubizwe
pronouncement	isimemezelo
pronto	NO TRANSLATION
pronunciation	ukubiza
proof	ubufakazi
prop	i-prop
propaganda	inkulumo-ze
propagate	isakaze
propagation	ukusakaza
propane	propane
propel	phuma
propelled	ukuxoshwa
propeller	i-propeller
propelling	ukupholisa
propensity	ukuphakama
proper	kufanelekile
property	impahla
prophecy	isiprofetho
prophesy	profetha
prophet	umprofethi
prophetic	isiprofetho
prophylactic	i-prophylactic
prophylaxis	prophylaxis
proportion	isilinganiso
proportional	okulinganayo
proportionate	okulinganayo
proportions	isilinganiso
proposal	isiphakamiso
propose	phakamisa
proposition	isiphakamiso
proprietary	i-proprietary
proprietor	umnikazi
proprietorship	ukulandelwa kwempahla
propriety	kufanelekile
propulsion	ukuqhuma
prose	i-prose
prosecute	ukushushisa
prosecution	ukushushiswa
prosecutor	umshushisi
prospect	ithemba
prospection	ukuthambekela
prospective	abazoba khona
prospectively	ngokuphumelelayo
prospector	umhloli
prospectus	i-prospectus
prosper	uphumelele
prosperity	ukuchuma
prosperous	ephumelelayo
prostate	i-prostate
prosthetic	i-prosthetic
prostitute	isifebe
prostitution	ubufebe
prostrate	khothama
protagonist	protagonist
protect	ukuvikela
protected	ivikelwe
protecting	ukuvikela
protection	ukuvikelwa
protective	ukuvikela
protector	umvikeli
protein	amaprotheni
protest	umbhikisho
protestant	i-protestant
protocol	protocol
proton	i-proton
prototype	isibonisi
protozoa	i-protozoa
protracted	okwesikhashana
protrude	phuma
protrusion	ukukhishwa
proud	ukuziqhenya
prove	ukufakazela
proven	kuqinisekisiwe
proverb	isaga
proverbial	isaga
provide	ukuhlinzeka
provided	enikeziwe
providence	ukuhlinzeka
provider	umhlinzeki
providing	ukuhlinzeka
province	isifundazwe
provincial	esifundazweni
provision	ukuhlinzekwa
provisional	okwesikhashana
provisionally	okwesikhashana
provisions	izinhlinzeko
proviso	Isiqephu
provocation	ukucasuka
provocative	eshukumisayo
provoke	ukuvusa
provoked	ukucasuka
provoking	ukucasula
provost	i-provost
prowess	ukuqina
prowl	i-prowl
prowler	umqashi
proximal	i-proximal
proximate	sondela
proximity	ukusondela
proxy	ummeleli
prude	senza kahle
prudence	ukuhlakanipha
prudent	ukuhlakanipha
prune	ukuhlakula
pruning	ukusika izihlahla
pry	pry
prying	ukuphoqa
psalm	ihubo
psalms	AmaHubo
pseudo	ukungaboni
pseudonym	i-pseudonym
psi	psi
psoriasis	psoriasis
psych	psych
psyche	psyche
psychedelic	psychedelic
psychiatric	isifo sengqondo
psychiatrist	isazi sengqondo
psychiatry	i-psychiatry
psychic	psychic
psychical	i-psychical
psychics	izingqondo
psycho	ingqondo
psychoanalysis	psychoanalysis
psychoanalyst	i-psychoanalyst
psychobabble	engqondweni
psychological	kwengqondo
psychologist	isazi sezengqondo
psychology	i-psychology
psychopath	i-psychopath
psychopathic	i-psychopathic
psychosis	i-psychosis
psychosomatic	psychosomatic
psychotherapy	i-psychotherapy
psychotic	i-psychotic
pterodactyl	i-pterodactyl
ptsd	i-ptsd
pub	umshicileli
puberty	ukukhulelwa
pubes	ama-pubes
pubescent	i-pubescent
pubic	ishicilelo
public	umphakathi
publication	ukushicilelwa
publicist	umphakathi
publicity	ukukhangisa
publicly	esidlangalaleni
publicspeaking	NO TRANSLATION
publish	shicilela
published	eshicilelwe
publisher	umshicileli
publishing	ukushicilela
puck	puck
pucker	i-pucker
pudding	i-pudding
puddle	i-puddle
pudgy	i-pudgy
puff	ukuphoqa
puffing	ukukhukhumeza
puffy	ukukhukhumeza
pug	pug
puke	i-puke
pull	Donsa
pulley	i-pulley
pullover	ima eceleni
pulmonary	i-pulmonary
pulp	i-pulp
pulpit	ipulpiti
pulsar	i-pulsar
pulsation	i-pulsation
pulse	i-pulse
puma	puma
pump	ipompo
pumped	waphonswa
pumpkin	ithanga
pun	NO TRANSLATION
punch	i-punch
punched	ijeziswe
punching	ukushaya
punchy	i-punchy
punctual	ukugcina isikhathi
punctuality	ukugcina isikhathi
punctually	ngezikhathi ezithile
punctuation	izimpendulo
puncture	ukuphumula
pundit	pundit
pungent	i-pungent
punish	ukujezisa
punishable	ijeziswe
punished	ujeziswe
punishing	ukujezisa
punishment	ukujeziswa
punitive	ukujezisa
punk	i-punk
punt	punt
puny	puny
pup	i-pup
pupil	umfundi
puppet	ipopu
puppeteer	i-puppeteer
puppy	puppy
purchase	ukuthenga
purchaser	umthengi
purchasing	ukuthenga
pure	okuhlanzekile
purebliss	NO TRANSLATION
puree	puree
purely	kuphela
purgatory	i-purgatory
purge	ukuhlanza
purification	ukuhlanzwa
purify	hlambulula
purist	i-purist
purity	ubumsulwa
purple	elibomvu
purport	i-purport
purpose	injongo
purposely	ngenhloso
purr	i-purir
purring	ukuhlanza
purse	isikhwama
pursuance	ukuphishekela
pursue	phishekela
pursuing	ukuphishekela
pursuit	ukuphishekela
purveyor	umshushisi
purview	phenya
pus	i-pus
push	Phusha
pusher	i-pusher
pushing	ukuphoqa
pushover	i-pushover
pushy	pushy
puss	i-puss
pussy	i-pussy
pussycat	pussycat
put	beka
putative	i-putative
putrid	putrid
puts	ubeka
putt	putt
putter	i-putter
putty	i-putty
puzzle	puzzle
puzzled	ziphazamisekile
puzzling	kuphazamisa
pygmy	i-pygmy
pylon	i-pylon
pyramid	ipiramidi
pyramidal	i-pyramidal
pyrotechnics	pyrotechnics
python	i-python
quack	ukuphawula
quad	i-quad
quadrangle	quadrangle
quadrant	i-quadrant
quadratic	i-quadratic
quadrature	i-quadrature
quadruple	i-quadruple
quadrupole	i-quadrupole
quagmire	isiqu
quail	izigwaca
quaint	okuncane
quake	ukuzamazama komhlaba
qualifications	iziqu
qualified	aqeqeshiwe
qualify	bafaneleke
qualifying	ukufaneleka
qualities	izimfanelo
quality	ikhwalithi
quandary	iyaqeda
quantify	quantify
quantitative	okulinganiselwe
quantitatively	ngokweqile
quantity	ubuningi
quantum	i-quantum
quarantine	ukuhlukaniswa
quarrel	ukuxabana
quarry	i-quarry
quart	i-quart
quarter	ikota
quarterback	i-quarterback
quartered	ihlukanisiwe
quarterly	ngekota
quartermaster	i-quartermaster
quarters	indawo
quartet	i-quartet
quartile	i-quartile
quarto	NO TRANSLATION
quartz	i-quartz
quash	quash
quasi	i-quasi
quaternary	quaternary
quay	NO TRANSLATION
queasiness	ukuphoqa
queasy	ukuphoqa
queen	indlovukazi
queer	i-Queer
quell	i-quell
quench	cima
query	umbuzo
quest	umbuzo
question	umbuzo
questionable	kungabaza
questioning	ukubuza imibuzo
questionnaire	imibuzo
queue	umgca
queues	NO TRANSLATION
quibble	quibble
quiche	quiche
quick	ngokushesha
quicken	phindaphinda
quickie	i-quickie
quickly	ngokushesha
quickness	ukushesha
quicksand	okusheshayo
quicksilver	i-quicksilver
quid	i-quid
quiescent	Imibuzo
quiet	ethule
quietly	ngokuthula
quill	i-quill
quilt	i-quilt
quince	quince
quinine	i-quinine
quintet	i-quintet
quirk	quirk
quirky	quirky
quit	shiya
quits	iyayeka
quitter	NO TRANSLATION
quiver	umkhumbi
quivering	ukuthuthumela
quiz	Imibuzo
quorum	i-quorum
quota	isabelo
quotation	ukucaphuna
quote	ukucaphuna
quotes	izingcaphuno
quotient	quotient
rabbi	uRabi
rabbit	unogwaja
rabble	unogwaja
rabid	intukuthelo
rabies	ama-rabies
raccoon	i-raccoon
race	umncintiswano
racehorse	u-racehorse
racer	i-racer
racetrack	ukukhwabanisa
racial	ubuhlanga
racism	ubuhlanga
racist	ubandlululo
rack	i-rack
racket	i-racket
racketeering	ukukhawuleza
racking	ukuphoqa
racquetball	i-racquetball
racy	racy
radar	i-radar
radial	i-radial
radiance	ukukhanya
radiant	elikhanyayo
radiate	shanyisa
radiation	imisebe
radiator	i-radiator
radical	kakhulu
radically	ngokweqile
radio	umsakazo
radioactive	i-radioactive
radioactivity	umsakazo
radiograph	i-radiograph
radiography	i-radiography
radiologist	i-radiologist
radiology	i-radiology
radish	isithombo
radium	i-radium
radius	irediyo
radon	i-radon
raffle	shafle
raft	i-raft
rag	i-rag
rage	ukufutheka
ragemode	NO TRANSLATION
ragetweet	NO TRANSLATION
ragged	idlwenguliwe
raggedy	ihlukumeza
raging	ukuthukuthela
rags	ama-rags
ragtime	i-ragtime
raid	ukuhlasela
raider	raider
rail	isitimela
railing	ukuthuka
railroad	isitimela
railway	isitimela
raiment	izingubo
rain	imvula
rainbow	u-rainbow
rainbow trout	i-rainbow trout
rainbows	imvula
raincoat	i-raincoat
raindrops	ama-raindrops
rainfall	imvula
rainforest	amahlathi emvula
rainmaker	umvula wemvula
rainstorm	imvula
rainy	imvula
rainyday	i-rainyday
raise	phakamisa
raised	wakhuliswa
raisin	omisiwe
raising	ukuphakamisa
rake	wakhe
rally	rally
ram	inqama
ramble	i-ramble
rambling	ukugijima
ramp	ramp
rampage	ukuthutha
rampant	egcwele
rampart	indawo yokuhamba
ramrod	ramrod
ranch	ranch
rancher	u-rancher
rancid	rancid
random	okungahleliwe
randomly	ngezikhathi ezithile
randomness	ukungahleliwe
randy	okungahleliwe
range	ububanzi
ranger	i-ranger
rank	isikhundla
ranking	usezingeni
ransom	isihlengo
rant	i-rant
ranting	ukuphumula
rap	rap
rape	ukudlwengula
rapid	ngokushesha
rapidity	ngokushesha
rapids	rapids
rapist	umdlwenguli
rapper	umlobi
rapping	ukudlwengula
rapport	NO TRANSLATION
rapt	ukuphumula
raptor	i-raptor
raptors	ama-raptors
rapture	ukuhlwithwa
rare	okungajwayelekile
rarely	okungajwayelekile
rarity	i-rarity
rascal	u-rascal
rash	ukushayeka
raspberries	raspberries
raspberry	okusajingijolo
rat	isilinganisi
ratchet	i-ratchet
rate	isilinganiso
ratification	ukuqinisekiswa
ratify	uvumele
rating	ukulinganisa
ratio	isilinganiso
ration	isilinganiso
rational	ukuqonda
rationale	isisekelo
rationalism	umqondo
rationality	i-rationality
rationalize	ukulinganisa
rationing	ukulinganisa
rattan	rattan
rattle	phakamisa
rattled	ixhunyiwe
rattler	i-rattler
rattlesnake	i-rattlesnake
ratty	ukulinganisa
raucous	udlame
ravage	ukubulala
rave	shaya
raven	igwababa
ravenous	ehlukumezayo
ravine	imvula
raving	ukuhlukumeza
ravioli	ravioli
ravishing	ukuphanga
raw	okuluhlaza
rawhide	qhafaza
rawr	okufakiwe
ray	ray
razor	i-razor
reach	finyelela
react	siphendule
reaction	ukusabela
reactionary	ukusabela
reactive	isasebenza
reactor	i-reactor
read	funda
reader	umfundi
readership	ukufunda
readily	kalula
readiness	ukulungela
reading	ukufunda
readjustment	ukulungiswa
readout	Funda ngokuphimisela
ready	ukulungele
readytogo	readytogo
reaffirm	qinisekisa
reagent	i-reagent
real	real
realism	ubuqiniso
realist	realist
realistic	okuyiqiniso
reality	iqiniso
realization	ukuqaphela
realize	qaphela
realm	indawo
realtor	i-realtor
realty	realty
ream	ream
reap	vuna
reaper	umvuni
reappear	buyabuye
rear	ngemuva
rearrange	lungisa kabusha
rearrangement	ukuhlelwa kabusha
reason	isizathu
reasonable	kufanelekile
reasonableness	ukucabangela
reasoning	ukucabanga
reasons	izizathu
reassemble	buyisa kabusha
reassign	buyisa kabusha
reassignment	ukubuyisela kabusha
reassurance	ukuqinisekiswa
reassure	qinisekisa
reassured	uqinisekisiwe
reassuring	okuqinisekisayo
rebate	isaphulelo
rebel	isihlubuki
rebellion	ukuhlubuka
rebellious	ukuhlubuka
rebels	izihlubuki
rebirth	ukuzalwa kabusha
reboot	qala kabusha
reborn	kuzalwa kabusha
rebound	ukuhlukunyezwa
rebuild	yakha kabusha
rebuke	ukukhuza
rebut	i-rebut
rebuttal	ukuphindaphinda
recalcitrant	recalcitrant
recall	khumbula
recant	i-recant
recap	buyisa kabusha
recapture	ukuphindaphinda
recast	kuphelile
recede	buyisa
receding	ehlala njalo
receipt	irisidi
receipts	amarisidi
receive	thola
received	wathola
receiver	umamukeli
receiving	ukwamukela
recent	yakamuva
receptacle	ukwamukela
reception	ukwamukela
receptionist	ukwamukela
receptive	ukwamukela
receptor	receptor
recess	ukuphelelwa yisikhathi
recesses	ama-recesses
recession	ukunciphisa
recharge	ushona
recheck	buyisa kabusha
recherche	NO TRANSLATION
recidivism	ukuphindaphindiwe
recipe	iresiphi
recipient	umamukeli
reciprocal	ukuphindaphinda
reciprocate	ukuphindaphinda
reciprocity	ukuphindaphindiwe
recital	kubhala
recitation	ukuphindaphinda
recite	phendula
reckless	abangenandaba
recklessness	ukunganaki
reckon	Bhala
reckoning	ukubala
reclaim	buyisela kabusha
reclamation	ukuhlelwa kabusha
recline	uhlale njalo
reclining	uhlezi
recluse	hamba
recognition	ukuqashelwa
recognizable	kubonakala
recognize	qaphela
recognized	kuqashelwa
recoil	abuyele
recollect	khumbula
recollection	khumbula
recombinant	i-recombinant
recombination	ukubuyiswa kabusha
recommend	batusa
recommendation	izincomo
recompense	ukubuyiselwa
recon	recon
reconcile	ukubuyisana
reconciliation	ukubuyisana
reconfigure	buyisa kabusha
reconnaissance	ukuhlonishwa
reconnect	ukuxhuma kabusha
reconsider	cabanga kabusha
reconsideration	ukucubungula kabusha
reconstitution	ukuvuselelwa kabusha
reconstruct	yakha kabusha
reconstruction	ukwakha kabusha
reconstructive	kabusha
reconvene	buyisa kabusha
record	irekhodi
recorder	irekhodi
recording	ukurekhoda
recount	phendula
recoup	buyisa kabusha
recourse	ukukhishwa
recover	alulame
recoverable	buyatholakala
recovery	ukutakula
recreate	buyisa kabusha
recreation	ukuzijabulisa
recreational	ukuzijabulisa
recruit	ukuqasha
recruiter	umqashi
recruiting	ukuqasha
recruitment	ukuqashelwa
recruits	abaqashiwe
rectal	u-rectal
rectangle	umxhwele
rectangular	i-rectangular
rectification	ukulungiswa
rectify	lungisa
rector	u-rector
rectory	i-rectory
rectum	i-rectum
recumbent	i-recumbent
recuperation	ukuphumula
recur	i-recur
recurrence	ukuphindaphindiwe
recurrent	njalo
recurring	ephindaphindiwe
recursion	ukuphindaphinda
recursive	okuphindaphindiwe
recursively	ngokuphindaphindiwe
recycle	buyisela kabusha
recycled	kabusha
recycling	ukuvuselelwa kabusha
red	obomvu
reddish	obomvu
redecorate	buyisa kabusha
redeem	ukuhlenga
redeemed	ihlengiwe
redemption	ukuhlengwa
redesign	ukuvuselela kabusha
redhead	i-redheadhead
redheaded	i-redheaded
redirect	ukuqondisa kabusha
redneck	redneck
redness	ubomvu
redo	buyisa kabusha
redress	ukulungisa
reduce	ukunciphisa
reduced	kuncishisiwe
reduction	ukunciphisa
redundancy	ukubuyisana
redundant	okukhululekile
redwood	redwood
reed	umhlanga
reef	umkhombe
reefer	ukufakela kabusha
reefs	imifula
reek	reek
reel	i-reel
reelection	ukusetha kabusha
reeling	ukuxolisa
reenactment	ukufana kabusha
reentry	ukuvuselela kabusha
reestablish	ukuvuselela kabusha
ref	ref
refer	bhekani
referee	umphenyi
reference	inkomba
referendum	ukuvakasha
referral	ukudluliselwa
refill	ukugcwalisa
refine	hlaziya
refined	kuhlanjululwe
refinement	ukulungiswa
refinery	ukuhlanzwa
refining	ukuhlanzwa
refit	hlela
reflect	bonisa
reflecting	kucabangela
reflection	ukucabanga
reflective	ukucabangela
reflector	i-reflector
reflex	reflex
reflux	reflux
reform	izinguquko
reformation	ukuguqulwa
reformer	i-reformer
refraction	ukukhishwa
refractor	u-refractor
refractory	refractory
refrain	gwema
refraining	ukuyeka
refresh	ukuvuselela
refreshed	ivuselelwe
refreshing	ukuqabula
refreshment	ukuqabuleka
refrigerate	isiqandisini
refrigeration	isiqandisini
refrigerator	isiqandisisi
refuel	i-refuel
refuge	isiphephelo
refugee	umbaleki
refund	ukubuyiselwa kwemali
refurbish	hlaziya
refusal	ukwenqaba
refuse	wenqaba
refused	wenqaba
refusing	ukwenqaba
refutation	ukuphikisa
refute	ukuphikisa
regain	buyisa futhi
regal	regal
regalia	regalia
regard	bheka
regatta	i-regatta
regency	ukuphatha
regenerate	ukuvuselela
regeneration	ukuvuselelwa
regent	regent
reggae	i-reggae
regime	umbuso
regimen	uhlelo
regiment	ibutho
regimental	okusemthethweni
region	isifunda
regional	esifundeni
regionalism	regionalism
register	bhalisa
registrar	umbhalisi
registration	ukubhaliswa
registry	ukubhalisa
regress	lungisa
regression	ukulawula
regressive	ukuhlukumezeka
regret	ukuzisola
regretful	uyazisola
regrettable	uyazisola
regretted	wazisola
regretting	ukuzisola
regroup	hlanganisa
regular	njalo
regularity	ukuhlala njalo
regulars	njalo
regulate	lawula
regulated	ilawulwa
regulation	umthethonqubo
regulator	umlawuli
regulatory	ukulawula
regurgitation	ukuvuselelwa
rehab	ukuvuselela kabusha
rehabilitate	ukuvuselela
rehabilitation	ukuvuselelwa
rehash	buyisa kabusha
rehearsal	ukuphindaphinda
rehearse	hlaziya
reign	ukubusa
reigning	ukubusa
reimburse	buyisela imali
reimbursement	ukubuyiselwa imali
rein	rein
reincarnation	ukuphindukuzalwa
reindeer	i-reindeer
reinforce	qinisa
reinforcement	ukuqinisa
reinforcements	ukuqinisa
reins	izintambo
reinstall	buyisela
reinstate	buyisela emuva
reinstatement	ukubuyisela kabusha
reinvest	reinvest
reinvestment	reinvestment
reiterate	buyisela kabusha
reject	wenqaba
rejected	wenqatshelwe
rejection	ukulahlwa
rejects	uyalahla
rejoice	thokozani
rejoicing	ukujabula
rejoin	ujoyine
rejuvenate	ukuvuselela
rejuvenated	kuvuselelwe
rekindle	buyisela kabusha
relapse	ubuyela emuva
relate	ukulandisa
related	okuhlobene
relation	ubudlelwano
relationship	ubuhlobo
relative	isihlobo
relativity	ukuzwana
relax	Nethezeka
relaxant	ukuphumula
relaxation	ukuphumula
relaxed	ikhululekile
relaxing	ukuphumula
relay	udluliselwe kabusha
release	ukukhululwa
released	ikhishwe
relegation	ukuhoxiswa
relentless	ungapheli
relevance	ukuhambisana
relevancy	ukuhambisana
relevant	efanele
reliability	ukuthembeka
reliable	ethembekile
reliance	ukuthembela
relic	u-relic
relics	izintambo
relief	ukukhululeka
relieve	ukukhulula
relieved	ikhululiwe
relieving	ukukhulula
relight	ngokuthembeka
religion	inkolo
religious	inkolo
relinquish	ukuyeka
relish	zijabulise
relive	xolela
reload	Phinda ulayishe kabusha
relocate	susa
relocation	ukufuduka
reluctance	ukunganqikazi
reluctant	eshaqisayo
rely	bathembele
remain	uhlale
remainder	isisele
remaining	esele
remains	uhlala
remake	ukubuyisela
remand	i-remand
remark	khumbula
remarkable	ephawulekayo
remarkably	ngokuphawulekayo
remarry	uphinde ushade
rematch	buyisa
remedial	lungisa
remedy	ukulungisa
remember	khumbula
remembered	ukhunjulwe
remembering	ukukhumbula
remembrance	isikhumbuzo
remind	khumbuza
reminder	isikhumbuzo
reminisce	khumbuza
reminiscent	khumbuza
reminiscing	ukukhumbula kabusha
remiss	khipha
remission	ukukhululwa
remit	phuma
remittance	ukukhipha imali
remnant	insali
remodel	remodel
remorse	ukuzisola
remorseful	ukuzisola
remote	kude
remoteness	ukude
removal	ukususwa
remove	susa
remover	ukususa
remuneration	umholo
renaissance	ukuvuselelwa
renal	ukuqamba
rencontre	NO TRANSLATION
rend	NO TRANSLATION
render	zinikeze
rendering	ukunikeza
rendezvous	zibukeka
rendition	ukuhumusha
renegade	ukuhlubuka
renegotiate	buyela kabusha
renew	ukuvuselela
renewal	ukuvuselelwa
renounce	ukulahla
renovate	lungisa kabusha
renovated	kulungiselelwe
renovation	ukulungiswa kabusha
renown	ukuqashelwa
renowned	edumile
rent	ukuqasha
rental	ukuqashwa
renter	umqashi
renunciation	ukulahla
reopen	vula kabusha
reorganization	ukuhlelwa kabusha
reorganize	lungisa kabusha
rep	rep
repaint	ukulungiswa
repair	ukukhanda
repairman	u-repairman
reparation	ukubuyisela
repay	buyisela
repayment	ukubuyiselwa kwemali
repeal	phinda
repeat	phinda
repeated	ephindaphindiwe
repeatedly	ngokuphindaphindiwe
repeater	phinda
repel	phenduka
repellant	ukuphindaphindiwe
repellent	ukuphulukisa
repelling	ukuphinda
repent	phenduka
repentance	ukuphenduka
repentant	ephendukile
repertoire	repertoire
repertory	repertory
repetition	ukuphindaphinda
repetitive	ukuphindaphindiwe
rephrase	phenduka kabusha
replace	shintsha
replacement	ukufaka esikhundleni
replay	buyisela kabusha
replenish	buyisa
replete	zigcwele
replica	i-replica
replicate	phinda uphinde
replication	ukuphindaphinda
reply	phendula
report	umbiko
reported	kubikiwe
reporter	intatheli
repose	ukuphumula
reposition	ukubeka esikhundleni
repository	indawo yokugcina
repossess	abuyele emuva
reprehensible	ukuhlukunyezwa
represent	imelela
representation	ukumelwa
representative	omele
represented	imelwe
representing	emele
repress	ukucindezela
repressed	uphenduliwe
repression	ukucindezelwa
reprieve	hlaziya
reprimand	ukusola
reprint	phinda uphinde
reprisal	ukuphindaphinda
reprise	buyisela kabusha
reproach	isihlamba
reproduce	ukukhiqiza
reproduction	ukukhiqiza
reproductive	ukuzala
reprogram	u-reprogram
reptile	i-reptile
republic	i-republic
republican	i-republican
repudiation	ukuphika
repugnance	ukuhlukunyezwa
repugnant	ihlambalaza
repulsion	ukugxekwa
repulsive	kuhlambalaza
repurchase	ukuthenga kabusha
reputable	ehloniphekile
reputation	idumela
repute	ukuphikisa
reputed	kubizwe
request	isicelo
requiem	requiem
require	zidinga
required	edingekayo
requirement	imfuneko
requisite	okudingekayo
requisition	isidingo
reread	ufunde kabusha
reroute	buyisa kabusha
rerun	buyisa kabusha
reschedule	i-reschedule
rescind	phindaphinda
rescission	susa
rescue	khulula
research	ucwaningo
researcher	umcwaningi
resection	ukuvuselela
resemblance	kufana
resemble	kufana
resembling	kufana
resent	ukucasuka
resentful	ukucasuka
resentment	ukufutheka
reservation	ukubhuka
reserve	ukugcina
reserved	okugcinwe
reserves	izimpahla
reservoir	ibhakede
reset	setha kabusha
reside	uhlale
residence	ukuhlala
residences	zokuhlala
residency	ukuhlala
resident	ohlala khona
residential	yokuhlala
residual	kusele
residue	izinsalela
resign	sula
resignation	ukuyeka emsebenzini
resigned	ushiye
resilience	ukuqina
resilient	ukuqina
resin	i-resin
resist	ukumelana
resistance	ukumelana
resistant	ukumelana
resisting	ukumelana
resistive	ukuphumula
resolute	ukuzimisela
resolutely	ngokuqiniseka
resolution	isinqumo
resolve	ukuxazulula
resolved	ixazululwe
resonance	i-resonance
resonant	i-resonant
resonate	qalisa kabusha
resonator	i-resonator
resort	resort
resounding	ukuphazamisa
resource	imithombo
resourceful	ohlakaniphile
resources	izinsiza
respect	inhlonipho
respectability	ukuhlonipha
respectable	inhlonipho
respected	ihlonishwa
respectful	inhlonipho
respecting	ukuhlonipha
respective	okuhambisanayo
respects	izihlonipho
respiration	ukuphefumula
respirator	ukuphefumula
respiratory	ukuphefumula
respite	ukuphefumula
resplendent	ehloniphekile
respond	phendula
respondent	umphenduli
response	impendulo
responsibility	umthwalo wemfanelo
responsible	unomthwalo wemfanelo
responsive	ukuphendula
rest	ukuphumula
restart	qala kabusha
restaurant	yokudlela
rested	waphumula
restful	ukuphumula
restitution	ukubuyisela
restless	aphumule
restlessness	ukuphumula
restock	buyisa kabusha
restoration	ukubuyiselwa
restorative	ukuvuselela
restore	buyisela
restored	kubuyiselwe
restoring	ukubuyisela
restrain	ukuvimbela
restrained	ivinjelwe
restraining	ukuvimbela
restraint	ukuvimbela
restrict	ukukhawulela
restricted	ivinjelwe
restriction	umkhawulo
restrictive	ukuvimbela
restroom	indawo yokudlela
result	umphumela
resultant	umphumela
resume	phinda futhi
resumption	ukuqala kabusha
resurrect	uvuke
resurrection	uvuko
resuscitate	uphinde uqhubeke
resuscitation	ukuvuselelwa
retail	ukudayisa
retailer	umdayisi
retain	gcina
retainer	ukugcina
retaining	ukugcina
retake	buyisa
retaliate	buyisela
retaliation	ukuphindisela
retaliatory	ukuphindisela
retard	linda
retardation	ukuphuza
retarded	ihlehlisiwe
retards	izimpendulo
retention	ukugcinwa
retentive	ukulalela
rethink	cabanga kabusha
reticent	ayifuni
retina	i-retina
retinal	ukubuyisela kabusha
retire	umhlalaphansi
retired	uthathe umhlalaphansi
retirement	umhlalaphansi
retiring	ukuthatha umhlalaphansi
retold	buyisela
retort	buyisela
retrace	buyisela emuva
retract	phenduka
retraction	ukuhoxisa
retractor	umqashi
retreat	hamba
retrenchment	ukuxoshwa
retrial	buyisela emuva
retribution	impindiselo
retrieval	ukubuyisa
retrieve	thola
retriever	i-retriever
retro	i-retro
retroactive	ukubuyisela emuva
retrograde	ukubuyisa kabusha
retrospect	ubuyekeze
retrospective	i-retrospective
retrospectively	ngokuphindaphindiwe
return	buyela
reunion	ukuhlangana kabusha
reunite	hlanganisa futhi
reunited	kuhlanganiswe kabusha
rev	i-rev
reveal	wembula
revel	i-revel
revelation	isambulo
revelations	izambulo
revels	izintandokazi
revenge	buyisela
revenue	imali
reverberation	ukubuyela emuva
revere	hlonela
reverence	ukuhlonipha
reverend	umfundisi
reverent	inhlonipho
reverie	buyela emuva
reversal	ukuguqulwa
reverse	ukubuyela emuva
reversion	ukubuyela emuva
revert	buyela emuva
reverting	ukubuyela emuva
review	ukubuyekezwa
reviewer	umbuyekezi
revise	buyekeza
revision	ukubuyekezwa
revisit	buyekeza
revival	imvuselelo
revive	hlaziya
revocation	ukukhishwa
revoke	buyisa
revolt	ukuvukela
revolting	ukuvukela
revolution	i-revolution
revolutionary	uguquko
revolutionize	ukuguqula
revolve	ukuguquka
revolver	i-revolver
revolving	ukuguquka
revue	buyekeza
revulsion	ukuvukela
revving	ukubuyisa
reward	umvuzo
rewarding	okuvuza
rewind	buyisa kabusha
rewire	rewire
rewrite	bhala kabusha
rhapsody	i-rhapsody
rhetoric	isicoco
rhetorical	izimpendulo
rheumatism	i-rheumatism
rhinestone	u-rhinestone
rhino	ihhino
rhinoceros	ama-rhinoceros
rhubarb	rhubarb
rhyme	imvumelwano
rhyming	ukulinganisa
rhythm	isigqi
rhythmic	isigqi
rhythmical	isisindo
rib	imbambo
ribbed	ugibele
ribbon	ibhoni
rice	ilayisi
rich	ocebileyo
riches	ingcebo
richness	ukuceba
rick	rick
rickety	ukukhwabanisa
rickshaw	i-rickshaw
ricochet	i-ricochet
rid	susa
riddance	ukuqeda
riddle	imfumbe
riddled	i-riddled
ride	ukugibela
rider	umgibeli
ridge	i-ridge
ridicule	ukuhleka usulu
ridiculed	behlekwa usulu
ridiculous	ihlazo
riding	ukugibela
rife	siphelile
riff	i-riff
riffraff	i-riffraff
rifle	isibhamu
rifleman	isibhamu
rifles	izibhamu
rift	ukuqhuma
rig	rig
rigged	ugijime
rigging	ukuphanga
right	kwesokudla
righteous	ulungile
righteousness	ukulunga
rightful	kufanelekile
rightly	ngokufanele
righty	kulungile
rigid	eqinile
rigidity	ukuqina
rigor	ukukhwabanisa
rigorous	okunamandla
rim	umsizi
rind	rind
ring	ring
ringer	i-ringer
ringing	ukukhala
ringleader	umlingisi
ringmaster	i-ringmaster
ringside	i-ringside
rink	rink
rinse	hlambulula
riot	isiyaluyalu
rioting	ukuphanga
riotous	ehlekisayo
riots	izimpikiswano
rip	ukuvuthwa
riparian	isizwe
ripe	evuthiwe
ripen	uvuthwe
ripening	ukuvuthwa
ripper	i-ripper
ripple	ukuqhuma
rippling	ukuxokozela
rise	ukuvuka
rising	ukuphakama
risk	ingozi
risky	ingozi
risotto	i-risotto
rite	umkhosi
ritual	isiko
ritualistic	amasiko
rival	umlingani
rivalry	ukuphikisana
river	umfula
riverbank	udonga lomfula
riverbed	umfula
riverboat	isikebhe somfula
rivet	rivet
riveted	kukhishwe
riveting	riveting
roach	roach
road	umgwaqo
roadblock	ibhuloho
roadhouse	umgwaqo
roadie	i-roadie
roadrage	NO TRANSLATION
roadrunner	i-roadrunner
roads	imigwaqo
roadside	umgwaqo
roadster	i-roadster
roadtrip	uhambo lomgwaqo
roadway	umgwaqo
roadworks	emigwaqweni
roam	hamba
roar	bhonga
roaring	ukukhala
roast	ukugosa
roasted	egosiwe
rob	phanga
robber	umphangi
robbery	ukuphanga
robe	ingubo
robin	i-robin
robot	i-robot
robotic	i-robotic
robotics	i-robotics
robust	okuqinile
roc	i-roc
rock	idwala
rocker	rocker
rocket	i-rocket
rocks	amatshe
rod	induku
rodent	i-rodent
rodeo	rodeo
roe	roe
rogue	lukhulu
role	indima
roll	roll
roller	i-roller
rollercoaster	ukushintsashintsa
rollers	ama rollers
rollicking	i-rollicking
rolling	ukugoqa
roman	i-roman
romance	uthando
romantic	uthando
romanticism	romanticism
romp	romp
roof	uphahla
rooftop	uphahla
rook	ugijima
rookie	i-rookie
room	igumbi
roomful	okuncane
roommate	uhlala naye
rooms	amakamelo
roomy	ekhululekile
roost	indawo
rooster	iqhude
root	impande
root beer	impande yobhiya
rooted	zigxilile
rope	intambo
ropes	izintambo
rosary	rosari
rose	wavuka
rosemary	i-rosemary
rosette	i-rosette
roster	uhlu
rosy	ngijabule
rot	ukubola
rota	i-rota
rotary	rotary
rotate	phenduka
rotation	ukujikeleza
rote	rote
rotor	i-rotor
rotten	ebolile
rotting	ukubola
rotunda	i-rotunda
rouge	rouge
rough	okubi
roughly	cishe
roughneck	i-roughneck
roughness	ukuhlukumezeka
roulette	roulette
round	nxazonke
roundabout	nxazonke
rounded	zizonke
roundup	nxazonke
rouse	vuka
rouser	ukuvusa
rousing	kuvusa
rout	umzila
route	umzila
routine	isimiso
rove	uhambe
rover	i-rover
roving	ukuhamba
row	umugqa
rowboat	i-rowboat
rowdy	i-rowdy
rowing	ukudubula
royal	ubukhosi
royalty	ubukhosi
rub	gubha
rubber	irayibha
rubbers	ama-rubber
rubbing	ukuxubha
rubbish	udoti
rubble	imfucumfucu
rubdown	i-rubdown
rubric	i-rubrikhi
ruby	i-ruby
ruckus	ruckus
rudder	ukuhamba
ruddy	bukhuni
rude	ihlukumeza
rudeness	ubuqili
rudimentary	i-rudimentary
rudiments	ama-rudiments
rue	rue
rueful	gcoba
ruff	i-ruff
ruffian	abahlukumezayo
ruffle	siphelile
rug	ibhola
rugby	i-rugby
rugged	enamandla
ruin	incithakalo
ruination	ukubhujiswa
ruined	yonakalisiwe
ruinous	owonakalisayo
ruins	ukubhujiswa
rule	ukubusa
ruler	umbusi
ruling	ebusa
rum	iramu
rumba	rumba
rumble	rumble
rummage	ukuvota
rumor	amahemuhemu
rumored	amahemuhemu
rump	i-rump
rumpus	i-rumpus
run	run
runaround	i-runaround
runaway	baleka
rundown	i-rundown
runes	runes
rung	rung
runner	umgijimi
running	egijima
running shoes	izicathulo ezigijima
runny	runny
runt	NO TRANSLATION
runway	umgwaqo
rupture	ukuphuka
rural	zasemakhaya
ruse	NO TRANSLATION
rush	ukuphuthuma
rushing	ukuphuthuma
rust	ukugqwala
rusted	ushisiwe
rustic	rustic
rustle	i-rustle
rustler	i-rustler
rusty	ukugqwala
rut	rut
ruth	ruth
ruthless	unonya
rye	rye
sabbatical	sabbatical
saber	NO TRANSLATION
sable	umhlabathi
sabotage	isabatha
saboteur	i-saboteur
sac	sac
sack	isaka
sacrament	isakramente
sacred	engcwele
sacrifice	umhlatshelo
sacrifices	imihlatshelo
sacrificial	umhlatshelo
sacrilege	umhlatshelo
sacrilegious	ukuhlambalaza
sad	buhlungu
sadday	NO TRANSLATION
saddens	saddens
saddle	i-saddle
sadist	i-sadist
sadistic	i-sadistic
sadly	ngokudabukisayo
sadness	ukudabuka
safari	safari
safe	ephephile
safeguard	qapha
safekeeping	ukulondeka
safety	ukuphepha
saffron	i-safari
sag	sag
saga	saga
sage	sage
saggy	saggy
sail	umkhumbi
sailboat	isikebhe
sailing	ukuhamba ngomkhumbi
sailor	umkhumbi
saint	isanta
sainted	isanta
saintly	ingcwele
sake	ngenxa
salad	isaladi
salamander	umlayezo
salami	i-Salami
salary	umholo
sale	ukudayiswa
salesgirl	umthengisi
salesman	umthengisi
salient	salient
saline	saline
saliva	amathe
sally	sally
salmon	uhlobo lwenhlanzi
salmonella	i-salmonella
salon	salon
saloon	saloon
salsa	salsa
salt	usawoti
salted	usawoti
saltwater	Amanzi kasawoti
salty	usawoti
salutary	salutary
salutation	salutation
salute	salute
salvage	salvage
salvation	insindiso
salve	salve
samba	samba
sameness	sameness
sample	isampula
samurai	ama-Samurai
sanatorium	sanatorium
sanctification	ukungcweliswa
sanctified	ngcwelisiwe
sanctify	ngcwelisa
sanctimonious	ngcwelisa
sanction	isigwebo
sanctioned	ijeziswe
sanctity	ubungcwele
sanctuary	indawo engcwele
sanctum	i-sanctum
sand	isihlabathi
sandal	sandal
sandbox	i-sandbox
sander	sander
sandman	sandman
sandpaper	sandpaper
sands	izihlabathi
sandstorm	isihlabathi
sandwich	sandwich
sandy	isihlabathi
sane	sane
sanguine	sanguine
sanitarium	i-sanitarium
sanitary	ihlanzekile
sanitation	ukungcola
sanity	i-sanity
sans	NO TRANSLATION
santa	santa
sap	sisha
sapiens	i-sapiens
sapphire	isafire
sappy	sappy
sarcasm	ukucasula
sarcastic	sarcastic
sarcoma	i-sarcoma
sarcophagus	sarcophagus
sardine	i-sardine
sardonic	i-sardonic
sarsaparilla	sarsaparilla
sash	sash
sashimi	sashimi
sassafras	sassafras
sassy	sassy
satanic	uSathane
satchel	satchel
sate	NO TRANSLATION
satellite	satellite
satin	satin
satire	ukulinganisa
satirical	satirical
satisfaction	ukwaneliseka
satisfactorily	okwanelisayo
satisfactory	okwanelisayo
satisfied	unelisekile
satisfy	anelise
satisfying	okwanelisayo
saturate	gcwalisa
saturated	igcwele
saturation	ukugcwalisa
satyr	satyr
sauce	i-sauce
saucepan	iphoyisa
saucer	isoso
saucy	i-saucy
sauerkraut	NO TRANSLATION
sauna	i-sauna
sausage	isoseji
savage	inhlanhla
savagery	ukuhlukumezeka
savanna	i-savanna
savannah	i-savanna
savant	savant
save	londoloza
saver	umsindisi
saving	ukusindisa
savings	ukulondoloza
savior	umsindisi
savor	ukunambitheka
savory	i-savory
savvy	savvy
saw	wabona
sawdust	sawdust
sawmill	i-sawmill
sax	i-sax
saxophone	i-saxophone
say	ngithi
sayonara	NO TRANSLATION
scab	isikhumba
scabbard	isikhala
scaffold	scaffold
scaffolding	ukukhwabanisa
scalding	scalding
scale	isikali
scales	isikali
scallop	i-scallop
scalp	isikhumba
scalpel	isikhumba se-scalpel
scaly	scaly
scam	scam
scamp	isiqephu
scampi	scampi
scan	ukuskena
scandal	ukukhwabanisa
scandalous	okwesabisa
scanner	isithwebuli
scanty	u-scanty
scape	scape
scapegoat	i-scapegoat
scar	ukwesaba
scarab	scarab
scarce	kuntula
scarcely	akunakwenzeka
scarcity	ukusobala
scare	esabisa
scarecrow	scarecrow
scared	wesaba
scares	scare
scarf	isikhafu
scarier	isisindo
scariest	okwesabekayo
scarlet	obomvu
scary	esabekayo
scat	scat
scatter	usakaze
scattered	ehlakazekile
scattering	ukuhlakazeka
scavenger	umkhwabanisi
scenario	isimo
scene	scene
scenery	indawo
scenic	esivamile
scent	iphunga
scented	elimnandi
scepter	intonga
sceptical	ukungabaza
scepticism	ukungabaza
schadenfreude	schadenfreude
schedule	isimiso
schematic	isimiso
scheme	uhlelo
schilling	schilling
schism	schism
schizophrenia	schizophrenia
schizophrenic	schizophrenic
schlep	schlep
schmuck	NO TRANSLATION
schnapps	schnapps
schnitzel	schnitzel
scholar	isazi
scholarly	isazi
scholarship	i-scholarship
scholastic	isikole
school	isikole
schoolboy	ingane yesikole
schoolgirl	isikole esikoleni
schoolhouse	isikole
schooling	isikole
schoolmaster	umphathi wesikole
schoolteacher	NO TRANSLATION
schoolwork	umsebenzi wesikolle
schoolyard	esikoleni
schooner	i-schooner
sciatica	sciatica
science	isayensi
scientific	isayensi
scientist	usosayensi
scifi	scifi
scintilla	NO TRANSLATION
scintillating	ukukhazimula
scintillation	i-scintillation
scintillator	i-scintillator
scion	scion
scissors	izikhali
scoff	ukuhleka usulu
scold	funa
scolding	ukukhipha
scone	ukuhlaselwa
scoop	shaya
scoot	i-scoot
scooter	i-scooter
scope	ububanzi
scorch	ukushisa
scorching	ukushisa
score	Umphumela
scoreboard	ibhodi lokupaka
scorer	umxhasi
scores	izikolo
scorn	ukugxekwa
scorned	ukuhlekwa usulu
scornful	ehlekisayo
scorpion	i-scorpion
scotch	isikebhe
scoundrel	i-scoundrel
scour	funa
scourge	isishayo
scout	ukuhlola
scowl	i-scowl
scrabble	i-scrabble
scram	i-scram
scramble	ukukhwabanisa
scrambled	sishaye
scrambler	umqaphi
scrambling	ukukhahlela
scrap	isikhumba
scrapbook	i-scrapbook
scrape	i-scrape
scrapie	scrapie
scraping	ukukhipha
scrappy	i-scrappy
scratch	qala
scratchy	ukushaya
scrawny	ukukhwabanisa
scream	khala
screamer	umemeza
screaming	ukumemeza
screech	screech
screen	isikrini
screening	ukuhlolwa
screenplay	i-screenplay
screenwriter	umdwebi wesikrini
screw	isikulufa
screwball	i-screwball
screwdriver	isikebheli
screwed	ihlaselwe
screwy	eziqhakazile
screwyou	NO TRANSLATION
scribble	scribble
scribe	umbhali
scrimmage	scrimmage
scrip	iskripthi
script	script
scriptural	scriptural
scripture	umbhalo
scroll	pheqa
scrotum	i-scrotum
scrounge	qhafaza
scrounger	umqaphi
scrub	sishaye
scruffy	scruffy
scrumptious	i-scrumptious
scrupulous	ngokucophelela
scrutinize	hlola
scrutiny	ukuhlola
scuba	scuba
scuff	scuff
scuffle	scuffle
scullery	isikhalazo
sculptor	umdwebi
sculpture	ukudweba
sculptured	eqoshiwe
scum	isikhala
scumbag	scumbag
scurry	sishaye
scurvy	isikhala
scuttle	ukuhlambalaza
sea	ulwandle
seaboard	i-seaboard
seafood	izilwane zasolwandle
seagull	i-seagull
seal	uphawu
seals	izimpawu
seam	umthunzi
seaman	umswandle
seamless	i-seamless
seamstress	ukuthungwa komthunzi
seaport	ukuthutha
sear	ukusesha
search	sesha
searching	ukusesha
searchlight	ukukhanya
seared	i-seared
seashore	ulwandle
seasick	ukuhlanza amanzi
seaside	ulwandle
season	inkathi
seasonal	ngenkathi
seasoned	okhethiwe
seasoning	ukuphumula
seat	isihlalo
seatbelt	Ibhade lesihlalo semoto
seating	ukuhlala
seawater	amanzi olwandle
seaweed	izilwane zasolwandle
sec	isekhondi
secession	secession
secluded	eseceleni
seclusion	ukuhlukaniswa
second	okwesibili
second cousin	umzala wesibili
secondary	secondary
secondhand	seyike yasetshenziswa
secrecy	ukufihla
secret	imfihlo
secretariat	unobhala
secretary	unobhala
secrete	ukuthutha
secretion	ukufihla
secretive	ukufihla
secretly	ngasese
sect	ihlelo
sectarian	amahlelo
section	ingxenye
sectional	kwesigaba
sector	umkhakha
secular	zezwe
secularism	i-secularism
secure	evikelekile
securities	izibambiso
security	ukuphepha
sedan	NO TRANSLATION
sedate	uhlezi
sedation	sedation
sedative	ukudubula
sedentary	ehlala phansi
sedge	sedge
sediment	i-sediment
sedimentary	sedimentary
sedition	ukuvukela umbuso
seduce	senga
seducer	ukudukisa
seducing	ukudukisa
seduction	ukukhohlisa
seductive	ukudukisa
see	bheka
seed	imbewu
seedling	isithombo
seeds	imbewu
seedy	imbewuy
seek	funani
seeker	ofuna
seem	kubonakala sengathi
seemingly	kubonakala sengathi
seer	imboni
seesaw	isondlo
seething	ihlupha
segment	ingxenye
segregate	hlukana
segregated	ihlukanisiwe
segregation	ukuhlukana
seismic	ukuzamazama komhlaba
seize	uthatha
seizure	ukuthunjwa
seldom	ngokuvamile
select	khetha
selection	ukukhethwa
selective	khetha
selectman	ukhethe
selenium	selenium
self	uqobo
selfharm	NO TRANSLATION
selfish	ubugovu
selfishness	ubugovu
selfless	ongenabugovu
selflove	NO TRANSLATION
selfworth	NO TRANSLATION
sell	thengisa
seller	umdayisi
sellout	dayisa
seltzer	seltzer
semantics	i-semantics
semaphore	semaphore
semblance	semblance
semen	isilwane
semester	semester
semi	semi
semiautomatic	NO TRANSLATION
semicolon	i-semicolon
seminal	isidumbu
seminar	seminar
seminary	seminary
semiotics	ama-semiotics
senate	senate
senator	senenator
send	thumela
sender	umthumeli
senescence	i-senescence
senile	senile
senior	abadala
seniority	ukuphakama
senor	i-senor
senorita	senorita
sensation	ukuzwa
sensational	ukuzwakala
sense	ingqondo
senseless	engenangqondo
senses	izinzwa
sensibility	ukuqonda
sensible	inengqondo
sensibly	ngokuhlakanipha
sensitive	ukuzwela
sensitivity	ukuzwela
sensor	inzwa
sensory	inzwa
sensual	izinsizwa
sensuality	izinzwa
sensuous	enesisindo
sentence	isigwebo
sentencing	isigwebo
sentient	uzwela
sentiment	imizwa
sentimental	uzwela
sentimentality	isimo sengqondo
sentinel	i-sentinel
sentry	umthumeli
separable	kuhlukaniswa
separate	hlukile
separately	ngokwehlukana
separation	ukuhlukana
separatist	separatist
sepia	sepia
sepsis	i-sepsis
sept	Sept
septic	septic
septum	i-septum
sequel	i-sequel
sequence	ukulandelana
sequent	okufanayo
sequestered	i-sequestered
sequestration	ukulandelwa kwempahla
serenade	i-serenade
serendipity	ukuthula
serene	serene
serenity	ukuthula
sergeant	i-sergeant
serial	serial
serialize	serialize
series	uchungechunge
serif	serif
serious	sína
seriousness	ukungathí sina
sermon	intshumayelo
serpent	inyoka
serpentine	inyoka
serrated	ifakwe
serum	i-serum
servant	inceku
serve	sebenzisa
server	iseva
service	isevisi
serviceable	okusebenzayo
servile	servile
servitude	ubugqila
sesame	sesame
sess	NO TRANSLATION
session	iseshini
sessions	amaseshini
set	setha
setback	ukubuyisela emuva
sett	NO TRANSLATION
setter	i-setter
settle	ukuhlala
settled	zihleliwe
settlement	ukuhlala
settler	isixazululo
settlor	ukulungiswa
setup	ukusetha
seven	Isikhombisa
seventeen	ishumi nesikhombisa
seventh	eyesikhombisa
seventy	amashumi ayisikhombisa
sever	hlukana
severable	ihlukaniswe
severally	ngokweqile
severance	ukuhlukanisa
severe	kakhulu
severely	kakhulu
severity	ubunzima
sew	thunga
sewage	ukuthuthwa kwamanzi
sewer	ukuthungwa kwamanzi
sewerage	ukuthuthwa kwamanzi
sewing	ukuthunga
sex	ubulili
sexist	ubulili
sexual	ubulili
sexuality	ubulili
sexy	sexy
shabby	u-shabby
shack	shack
shackle	shackle
shade	umthunzi
shades	shades
shading	shading
shadow	isithunzi
shadowy	shadowy
shady	shady
shaft	shaft
shag	shag
shaggy	shaggy
shake	shake
shakedown	shakedown
shaken	zanyakaziswa
shaker	shaker
shaking	ukuthuthumela
shaky	ukhululekile
shall	kufanele
shallow	aphansi
shallows	iziqu
sham	sham
shaman	shaman
shambles	shambles
shame	amahloni
shamed	uhlazekile
shameful	ihlazo
shameless	ungenamahloni
shampoo	shampoo
shanghai	shanghai
shank	shank
shanty	shanty
shape	ukuma
shapely	shapely
shard	shard
share	wabelane
shareholder	umnikazi wesabelo
sharing	ukwabelana
shark	ushaka
sharp	ebukhali
sharpen	hlaziya
sharpened	ibukhali
sharpener	i-sharpener
sharpness	ubukhali
sharpshooter	i-sharpshooter
shatter	shatter
shattered	shattered
shattering	ukuhlakazeka
shave	shave
shaver	shaver
shaving	ukushefa
shawl	shawl
sheaf	isithungu
shear	ishear
shears	izingubo
sheath	u-sheath
sheathing	ukugcoba
shed	ukuchitha
sheen	sheen
sheep	izimvu
sheepdog	i-sheepdog
sheepish	izimvu
sheer	isisindo
sheet	ishidi
sheik	inkosikazi
shelf	ishalofu
shell	igobolondo
shellfish	i-shellfish
shelling	i-shelling
shelter	indawo yokuhlala
sheltered	zivikelekile
shelters	izindawo zokukhosela
shelved	isisindo
shepherd	umalusi
sherbet	sherbet
sheriff	uSheriff
sherry	sherry
shield	isihlangu
shift	ukushintsha
shifting	ukushintsha
shifty	shifty
shilling	shilling
shimmer	shimmer
shimmering	shimmering
shimmy	shimmy
shin	shin
shindig	shindig
shine	khanyisa
shiner	shiner
shingle	shingle
shining	shining
shiny	shiny
ship	umkhumbi
shipment	ukuthunyelwa
shipping	ukuthumela
shipshape	umshayeli wemikhumbi
shipwreck	ukuphahlazeka komkhumbi
shipyard	i-shipyard
shire	shire
shirt	ihembe
shit	shit
shitday	NO TRANSLATION
shitfaced	shitfaced
shithead	i-shithead
shitless	ungenasici
shitload	shitload
shittest	NO TRANSLATION
shitty	shitty
shiver	thuthumela
shivering	ukuthuthumela
shoals	ukudubula
shock	ukushaqeka
shocked	eshaqile
shocker	ukudubula
shocking	eshaqisayo
shockingly	ngokushaqeka
shoddy	ukudubula
shoe	isihlangu
shoelace	i-shoelace
shoemaker	shoemaker
shoes	izicathulo
shoeshine	shoeshine
shook	ukuzamazama
shoot	ukudubula
shooter	ukudubula
shooting	ukudubula
shootout	ukudubula
shop	esitolo
shopkeeper	umthengisi
shoplifter	umthengisi wesitolo
shoplifting	ukudayisa ezitolo
shopper	i-shopper
shopping	bethenga
shore	ogwini
shoreline	ulwandle
shorn	ukugcoba
short	okufushane
short story	indaba emfushane
shortage	ukuntuleka
shortcake	i-shortcake
shortcoming	ukwehluleka
shortcut	isinqamuleli
shorten	mfushane
shortening	ukunciphisa
shorthand	shorthand
shortly	maduzane
shortness	ukuphuza
shorts	ama-shorts
shortstop	i-shortstop
shortwave	i-shortwave
shot	Kudutshulwe
shotgun	isibhamu
shoulder	ihlombe
shout	umemeza
shove	shove
shovel	ifosholo
shoveling	amafosholo
show	bonisa
showbiz	showbiz
showboat	isibonisi
showcase	ukubonisa
showdown	umbukiso
shower	ukugeza
showgirl	i-showgirl
showing	ukubonisa
showoff	kubonisa kuvaliwe
showroom	indawo yokukhombisa
showy	umbukiso
shrapnel	i-shrapnel
shred	shred
shrew	i-shrew
shrewd	ngobuqili
shriek	shriek
shrill	shrill
shrimp	izinhlanzi
shrine	i-shrine
shrink	shrink
shrinking	ukwehla
shrivel	shrivel
shroud	shroud
shrub	shrub
shrubbery	ukuhlaselwa kwesibhakabhaka
shrug	shrug
shrunk	ipholile
shrunken	shrunken
shudder	shudder
shuddering	ukuthuthumela
shuffle	shiya
shuffleboard	shuffleboard
shuffling	ukugubha
shun	gwema
shunned	ivinjelwe
shunt	shunt
shut	valiwe
shutdown	vala shaqa
shuteye	NO TRANSLATION
shutit	NO TRANSLATION
shutter	i-shutter
shuttle	i-shuttle
shutup	NO TRANSLATION
shy	shy
shyness	amahloni
shyster	i-shyster
sib	NO TRANSLATION
sibling	siblings
sic	sic
sick	ogulayo
sickbay	sickbay
sicken	ugula
sickening	kugula
sickle	ugqoke
sickly	ngokugula
sickness	ukugula
side	eceleni
sidearm	i-sidearm
sidebar	ibha yecala
sideboard	i-sideboard
sideburns	i-sideburns
sidecar	sidecar
sidekick	i-sidekick
sideline	sideline
sideshow	emaceleni
sidestep	u-sidestep
sidewalk	umgwaqo ongaphandle
sideways	eceleni
sidewinder	eceleni
siege	ukuvinjezelwa
siesta	siesta
sieve	i-sieve
sift	funa
sifting	ukuhlunga
sigh	bubula
sight	ukubona
sighting	ukubona
sightseeing	ukubona indawo
sigma	sigma
sign	uphawu
signal	isignali
signature	isignesha
significance	ukubaluleka
significant	kubalulekile
signification	ukubaluleka
signify	bonisa
signpost	uphawu lokubhalisa
silence	ukuthula
silencer	silencer
silent	uthule
silently	ngokuthula
silhouette	umdwebo
silicon	i-silicon
silicone	abicah
silk	isilikhi
silken	silken
silky	silky
sill	sill
silliness	silliness
silly	ukuthula
silo	i-silo
silt	i-silt
silver	isiliva
silverware	silverware
silvery	ukuthula
similar	okufanayo
similarity	ukufana
simile	NO TRANSLATION
simmer	simmer
simmering	simmering
simple	elula
simples	NO TRANSLATION
simpleton	okulula
simplicity	lula
simplify	lula
simplistic	okulula
simply	umane nje
simulate	fanisa
simulated	ifakwe
simulating	simulating
simulation	ukulingisa
simulator	simulator
simultaneous	kanyekanye
simultaneously	kanyekanye
sin	NO TRANSLATION
sincere	ngobuqotho
sincerity	ubuqotho
sinful	isono
sing	cula
singer	umculi
singing	ukucula
single	ongashadile
singly	singly
singular	singamunye
singularity	ubuningi
singularly	ngokubodwa
sinister	isono
sink	sink
sinker	sinker
sinking	ukuphonsa
sinner	isoni
sinning	isono
sinus	sinus
sip	sipha
siphon	siphon
sipping	sipping
sir	mnumzane
sire	induna
siren	i-siren
sirloin	i-sirloin
sissy	sissy
sister	udadewethu
sisterhood	udadewabo
sit	hlala
sitcom	sitcom
site	isayithi
sith	sith
sitter	sitter
sitting	ehlezi
situate	zikhona
situated	ikhona
situation	isimo
six	ayisithupha
sixpence	sixpence
sixteen	ishumi nesithupha
sixth	wesithupha
sixty	amashumi ayisithupha
sizable	kakhulu
size	usayizi
sizzle	i-sizzle
ska	NO TRANSLATION
skate	isikeyiti
skateboard	i-skateboard
skater	i-skater
skating	ukudoba
skedaddle	i-skedaddle
skeet	skeet
skein	skein
skeletal	isifuba
skeleton	skeleton
skeptic	skeptic
skeptical	ukungabaza
skepticism	ukungabaza
sketch	umdwebo
sketching	ukudweba
sketchy	sketchy
skewed	skewed
skewer	skewer
ski	isibhakabhaka
skid	skid
skier	i-skier
skiff	ukuphumula
skiing	ukushushuluza
skijump	NO TRANSLATION
skill	ikhono
skilled	abanamakhono
skillet	skillet
skillful	ubuchule
skim	skim
skimpy	i-skimpy
skin	isikhumba
skinny	i-skinny
skip	yeqa
skipper	skipper
skirmish	ukukhwabanisa
skirt	isiketi
skirting	ukugqoka
skirts	iziketi
skit	skit
skittish	skittish
skull	i-skull
skunk	skunk
sky	isibhakabhaka
skylight	isibhakabhaka
skyline	isibhakabhaka
skyscraper	i-skyscraper
slab	i-slab
slack	slack
slag	slag
slam	slam
slammer	slammer
slander	ukunyundela
slanderous	ukunyundela
slang	slang
slant	slant
slap	shaya
slash	shaya
slashes	ihlehla
slate	slate
slates	ama-slates
slaughter	ukubulawa
slaughterhouse	indlu yokubulala
slaughtering	ukuhlatshwa
slave	isigqila
slavery	ubugqila
slay	bulala
slayer	umbulali
sleaze	sleaze
sleazy	i-sleazy
sled	NO TRANSLATION
sledding	sledding
sledge	sledge
sledgehammer	sledgehammer
sleek	sleek
sleep	ukulala
sleeper	ulale
sleeping	ukulala
sleepless	ukulala
sleeplessness	ukulala
sleepover	sleepover
sleepy	ukulala
sleepyhead	i-sleepyhead
sleet	i-sleet
sleeve	umkhonto
sleeveless	okungenamikhono
sleigh	i-sleigh
sleight	sleight
slender	slender
sleuth	sleuth
slice	ucezu
slick	sishaye
slicker	i-slicker
slide	slide
slider	isilayidi
sliding	ukuhambisa
slight	kancane
slight anticipation	ukulindela kancane
slight disgust	kancane ukudeka
slight surprise	isimanga kancane
slight trust	ukwethemba kancane
slightly	kancane
slightly negative	kancane kabi
slightly positive	kuhle kakhulu
slim	slim
slime	i-slime
slimy	slimy
sling	ukudubula
slingshot	slingshot
slink	slink
slinky	slinky
slip	slip
slipper	i-slipper
slippers	ama-slippers
slippery	elula
slit	slit
sliver	isilayidi
slob	i-slob
slobber	isihlahla se-slobber
slogan	isiqubulo
sloop	sloop
slop	NO TRANSLATION
slope	umthamo
sloppy	i-sloppy
slot	slot
sloth	isihluthulelo
slouch	slouch
slough	slough
slow	kancane
slowly	kancane kancane
slowness	ukuphuza
sludge	sludge
slug	slug
slugger	slugger
sluggish	elula
sluice	sluice
slum	slum
slumber	ukulala
slump	slump
slur	slur
slurp	slurp
slush	slush
slut	slut
slutty	i-slutty
sly	sly
smack	smack
small	encane
smaller	ezincane
smallest	encane kakhulu
smallpox	isikhukhumba
smart	smart
smartass	uhlakaniphile
smarten	smarten
smarty	i-smarty
smash	smash
smashed	waphonswa
smattering	ukushaya
smear	smear
smell	iphunga
smelling	iphunga
smelly	iphunga
smelt	smelt
smidgen	smidgen
smile	smile
smiled	ukumomotheka
smiles	ukumamatheka
smiley	smiley
smiling	ukumomotheka
smirk	smirk
smite	shaya
smith	smith
smithereens	uyabetha
smitten	ukushaywa
smock	shintshela
smog	smog
smoke	ubhema
smoker	ukubhema
smokey	smokey
smoking	ukubhema
smoky	ukubhema
smoldering	ukuphosa
smooch	smooch
smooth	bushelelezi
smoothie	i-smoothie
smoothly	ngokushelela
smoothness	ubushelelezi
smother	u-smother
smudge	smudge
smug	smug
smuggle	ukuthungela
smuggler	umthumbi
smuggling	ukuthutha
smut	smut
snack	ukudla okuncane
snacks	ukudla okulula
snafu	snafu
snag	snag
snags	ama-snags
snail	inhlanzi
snake	inyoka
snakes	izinyoka
snakeskin	inyoka
snap	snap
snapper	i-snapper
snappy	snappy
snapshot	isifinyezo
snare	umgibe
snarl	sharl
snarling	ukuhleka
snatch	bamba
snatcher	umhlengi
snazzy	snazzy
sneak	sneak
sneaker	sneaker
sneakers	amasinki
sneaking	sneaking
sneaky	sneaky
sneer	sneer
sneeze	sneeze
sneezing	sneezing
snicker	i-snicker
snide	i-snide
sniff	khumula
snip	snip
snipe	snipe
sniper	i-sniper
snippet	snippet
snippy	snippy
snitch	shaya
snob	snob
snoop	snoop
snoopy	snoopy
snooty	snooty
snooze	snooze
snore	bhala
snorkel	snorkel
snort	sishaya
snot	snot
snotty	i-snotty
snout	i-snout
snow	iqhwa
snowball	i-snowball
snowboard	i-snowboard
snowboarder	i-snowboarder
snowday	i-snowday
snowfall	iqhwa
snowflake	i-snowflake
snowing	iqhwa
snowmageddon	i-snowmageddon
snowman	i-snowman
snowplow	i-snowplow
snowstorm	isithwathwa seqhwa
snowy	iqhwa
snub	snub
snubbed	ishaywa
snuff	inhlanzi
snug	i-snug
snuggle	khumula
snuggled	ihlehlisiwe
snuggles	ihluma
snuggling	i-snuggling
soak	cwilisa
soaked	emanzini
soaking	ukuhamba
soangry	NO TRANSLATION
soannoyed	NO TRANSLATION
soap	isepha
soapbox	ibhokisi lokusipha
soapy	isobho
soar	phuma
soaring	ukuphakama
sob	NO TRANSLATION
sober	ingqondo
soblessed	NO TRANSLATION
sobriety	ukuzinza
soc	soc
soccer	ibhola
sociable	ukuxhumana nabantu
social	ezenhlalo
socialanxiety	NO TRANSLATION
socialism	i-socialism
socialist	i-socialist
socialite	umphakathi
socialize	bahlanganyele
society	umphakathi
sociology	imiphakathi
sociopath	i-sociopath
sock	isokisi
socket	isokhethi
sod	sod
soda	i-soda
soda/pop	i-soda / pop
sodding	sodding
sodium	i-sodium
sofa	sofa
soft	soft
softball	i-softball
soften	tholisa
softener	isithameli
softening	ukunciphisa
softly	kancane
softness	ukuthobeka
software	isofthiwe
soggy	soggy
sohappy	ngijabule
soil	inhlabathi
soiled	esonakele
soiree	i-soiree
sojourn	uhlala
solace	induduzo
solar	i-solar
solarium	i-solarium
solder	i-solder
soldering	i-soldering
soldier	isosha
sole	isoli
solemn	kuhle
solicit	funa
solicitation	ukucela
solicitor	ummeli
solid	eqinile
solidarity	ubumbano
solidification	ukuqiniswa
solidified	kuqiniswe
solidify	qinisa
solidity	ukuqina
solitaire	solitaire
solitary	yedwa
solitude	ukuhlala yedwa
solo	solo
solubility	umhlabathi
soluble	i-soluble
solucky	NO TRANSLATION
solution	isisombululo
solve	ukuxazulula
solvency	solvency
solvent	i-solvent
somad	NO TRANSLATION
somatic	somatic
somber	u-somber
some anticipation	ukulindela okuthile
some disgust	abanye bayanyanyisa
some surprise	abanye bayamangala
some trust	ukuthembela okunye
somersault	somersault
somethingigetalot	NO TRANSLATION
somewhat negative	okuncane kabi
somewhat positive	okunye okuhle
somuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
son	indodana
sonar	sonar
sonata	sonata
sonervous	NO TRANSLATION
song	ingoma
songwriter	umbhali wengoma
sonic	sonic
sonice	NO TRANSLATION
sonnet	sonnet
sonorous	sonorous
soot	isobho
soothe	thulisa
soothing	epholile
sophisticated	eyinkimbinkimbi
sophistication	ubuchwepheshe
sophomore	sophomore
sopissed	NO TRANSLATION
soppy	soppy
soprano	i-soprano
sorcerer	umlumbi
sorcery	ubulovu
sordid	i-sordid
sore	sore
soready	soready
sorely	kakhulu
soreness	soreness
sorghum	izinhlanzi
sorority	ubuqili
sorrow	usizi
sorrowful	buhlungu
sorry	sorry
sort	uhlobo
sorter	NO TRANSLATION
sortie	NO TRANSLATION
sorting	ukuhlunga
sos	NO TRANSLATION
soscared	soscared
soscary	i-soscary
soslow	soslow
sostressed	NO TRANSLATION
sosweet	NO TRANSLATION
sothankful	NO TRANSLATION
sou	NO TRANSLATION
soul	umphefumulo
soulful	umphefumulo
soulless	unesimo esibucayi
soulmate	i-soulmate
sound	umsindo
sounding	ukuzwakala
soundness	ukuzwakala
soundproof	i-soundproof
soundtrack	umsindo
soup	isobho
sour	umuncu
source	umthombo
sourpuss	i-sourpuss
south	eningizimu
southbound	eningizimu
southeast	eningizimu-ntshonalanga
southern	eningizimu
southpaw	i-southpaw
southwest	eningizimu-ntshonalanga
souvenir	isikhumbuzo
sovereign	inkosi
sovereignty	ubukhosi
soviet	Soviet
sow	hlwayela
soy	soy
soy sauce	I-soy sauce
soybean	i-soya
spa	spa
space	isikhala
spacecraft	isikhala sendawo
spaceman	u-spaceman
spaceship	isikhala semikhumbi
spacing	isikhala
spacious	evulekile
spade	spade
spaghetti	i-spaghetti
spam	ugaxekile
spammers	abakwa-spammers
span	NO TRANSLATION
spandex	i-spandex
spaniel	spaniel
spank	spank
spanking	ukushaya
spar	i-spar
spare	spare
spareribs	spareribs
sparingly	kancane
spark	u-spark
sparkle	kukhanya
sparkling	likhazimulayo
sparkly	kancane
sparring	ukuphambana
sparrow	undlunkulu
sparse	kancane
spasm	spasm
spastic	spastic
spat	spat
spatial	indawo
spatter	spatter
spatula	spatula
spawn	ukuthela
spaz	spaz
speak	khuluma
speakeasy	i-speakeasy
speaker	isikhulumi
speakerphone	i-speakerphone
speaking	Okhulumayo
spear	umkhonto
spec	ucacisa
special	okukhethekile
specialist	ochwepheshe
speciality	okukhethekile
specialize	NO TRANSLATION
specially	ngokukhethekile
specialty	okukhethekile
specie	NO TRANSLATION
species	izinhlobo
specific	okuqondile
specification	imininingwane
specify	ucacise
specimen	isampula
speck	ucwecwe
speckled	i-speckled
specs	ama-specs
spectacle	umbukiso
spectacles	izibuko
spectacular	okumangalisayo
spectator	umbukeli
specter	cabanga
spectral	i-spectral
spectrometer	i-spectrometer
spectrophotometer	i-spectrophotometer
spectroscopy	i-spectroscopy
spectrum	i-spectrum
speculate	cabanga
speculation	ukucabangela
speculative	kucabangela
speculum	speculum
speech	inkulumo
speechless	okungenakukhuluma
speed	isivinini
speedboat	i-speedboat
speedily	ngokushesha
speeding	ukusheshisa
speedometer	i-speedometer
speedway	ngesivinini
speedy	ngesivinini
spell	ukupela
spellbound	i-spellbound
spelling	isipelingi
spencer	spencer
spend	sebenzisa
spender	i-spender
spending	ukuchitha
spent	wachitha
sperm	isidoda
spew	phumula
sphere	sphere
spherical	spherical
sphincter	i-sphincter
sphinx	i-sphinx
spic	spic
spice	spice
spicy	okubabayo
spider	isikhunta
spiders	izinkanyezi
spiffy	i-spiffy
spigot	i-spigot
spike	i-spike
spiked	i-spiked
spiky	spiky
spill	ukufafaza
spillin	NO TRANSLATION
spin	spin
spinach	isipinashi
spinal	umgogodla
spindle	i-spindle
spine	umgogodla
spineless	i-spineless
spinner	i-spinner
spinning	ukuphenya
spinster	spinster
spiny	i-spiny
spiral	ukuvunguza
spire	siphefumula
spirit	umoya
spirited	emoyeni
spirits	imimoya
spiritual	ngokomoya
spirituality	ingokomoya
spit	spit
spite	siphambanise
spiteful	ukuthukuthela
spitfire	spitfire
spittoon	i-spittoon
splash	sishaye
splat	splat
splatter	splatter
spleen	ipeni
splendid	ubuhle
splendor	ubukhazikhazi
splice	i-splice
spline	i-spline
splint	ububanzi
splinter	i-splinter
split	Hlukanisa
splitting	ukuhlukaniswa
splurge	ubukhosi
spoil	nca
spoiler	umqashi
spoiling	ukuphanga
spoils	impango
spoke	wakhuluma
spoken	ekhulunywe
spokesman	umkhulumeli
spokesperson	okhulumela amaphoyisa
sponge	isiponji
spongy	spongy
sponsor	uxhaso
sponsorship	ukuxhaswa
spontaneity	ukuzenzekela
spontaneous	ngokuzenzekelayo
spoof	i-spoof
spook	i-spook
spooky	i-spooky
spool	i-spool
spoon	isipuni
spoonful	i-spoonful
sporadic	i-sporadic
spore	i-spore
sport	ezemidlalo
sporting	ezemidlalo
sports	ezemidlalo
sports car	imoto yemidlalo
sportsman	umdlali wezemidlalo
sportsmanship	ezemidlalo
sportswriter	umdlali wezemidlalo
sporty	imidlalo
spot	bheka
spotless	ungenabala
spotlight	ukukhanya kwebala
spotted	ibonakale
spotter	i-spotter
spotty	i-spotty
spousal	umlingani
spouse	oshade naye
spout	spout
sprain	hlala
sprawl	i-sprawl
spray	spray
spread	isakazeka
spreader	umsakazo
spree	i-spree
spring	entwasahlobo
springtime	isikhathi sasekuseni
sprinkle	ufafaze
sprinkler	i-sprinkler
sprinkling	ukufafaza
sprint	i-sprint
sprite	i-sprite
sprout	ihlumela
spruce	i-spruce
spud	spud
spunk	i-spunk
spunky	spunky
spur	phuthuma
spurious	unonya
spurred	yavusa
spurt	fula
spy	inhloli
squabble	uhlakazeke
squad	iqembu
squadron	u-squadron
squall	i-squall
squamous	i-squamous
squander	gxuma
square	isikwele
squash	Ugalonci
squat	i-squat
squatter	u-squatter
squaw	i-squaw
squawk	u-squawk
squeak	squeak
squeaky	squeaky
squeal	squeal
squealer	squealer
squeamish	squeamish
squeeze	cindezela
squeezing	ukucindezela
squelch	gxuma
squid	squid
squint	gwema
squire	squire
squirm	u-squirm
squirrel	i-squirrel
squirt	squirt
squish	i-squish
squishy	i-squishy
stab	ukugwaza
stabbed	ukugwazwa
stability	ukuzinza
stabilize	ukuzinza
stabilizer	i-stabilizer
stable	uzinzile
staccato	insika
stack	i-stack
stadium	inkundla
staff	abasebenzi
stag	i-stag
stage	isigaba
stagecoach	i-stagecoach
stagehand	isiteji
stagger	ukuzamazama
staggering	kuphazamisa
stagnant	omile
stagnation	ukulimala
staid	isitebe
stain	ibala
stained	inqabile
stainless	okungenasici
stair	izitebhisi
staircase	izitebhisi
stairs	izitebhisi
stairway	izitebhisi
stairwell	izitebhisi
stake	isigxobo
stakeout	i-stakeout
stale	stale
stalemate	ukuphazamiseka
stalk	isiqu
stalker	i-stalker
stall	isitembu
stallion	stallion
stalls	izitayela
stalwart	ukuqina
stamina	ukuqina
stamp	isitembu
stampede	ukuphazamiseka
stance	isimo
stand	yimani
standard	okujwayelekile
standardize	ukulinganisela
standardized	ifanisiwe
standby	Hlala ULINDILE
standing	emi
standoff	i-standoff
standpoint	umbono
standstill	ukuma
standup	Sukuma
stanza	isiqalo
staph	staph
staple	okuyisisekelo
stapler	ukufaka isikhala
star	inkanyezi
star fruit	izithelo zenkanyezi
starboard	i-starboard
starch	isitashi
stardom	ukusimama
stardust	ukuqina
stare	bheka
starfish	i-starfish
stargazing	inkanyezi
staring	ziqala
stark	i-stark
starlet	inkanyezi
starlight	inkanyezi
starling	inkanyezi
starry	inkanyezi
stars	izinkanyezi
starship	izinkanyezi
start	qala
starter	iqalisa
startle	qalisa
startled	kuthukile
startling	ukumangaza
starvation	indlala
starve	yilamba
starved	balambile
starving	ukulamba
stash	stash
stat	stat
state	isimo
stately	kahle
statement	isitatimende
stateroom	stateroom
stateside	stateside
statesman	uhulumeni
static	static
staticky	NO TRANSLATION
statics	statics
station	isiteshi
stationary	okumile
stationery	zokubhala
statistic	izibalo
statistical	izibalo
statistician	izibalo
stator	stator
statuary	isitatimende
statue	isithombe
statuette	statuette
stature	isiqu
status	isimo
statute	isimiso
statutory	ngokomthetho
staunch	okunamandla
stave	phuma
stay	uhlale
stayaway	NO TRANSLATION
stayed	wahlala
stays	uhlala
stead	esikhundleni
steadfast	ukuqina
steady	ukuzinza
steak	steak
steakhouse	indawo yokuhamba
steal	bamba
stealing	ukweba
stealth	i-stealth
stealthily	ngokweqile
stealthy	i-stealthy
steam	umusi
steamboat	steamboat
steamer	isithambile
steaming	ukuqhuma
steamroller	i-steamroller
steamship	isitimela
steamy	steamy
steel	insimbi
steep	inqwaba
steeple	esiteji
steer	i-steer
steering	ukuqondisa
stellar	i-stellar
stem	isiqu
stench	ukuphosa
stencil	i-stencil
stenographer	i-stenographer
step	isinyathelo
stepdaughter	umzukulu wesifazane
stepfather	ubaba wesilisa
stepmother	umama wesisu
steppe	i-steppe
steps	izinyathelo
stepson	i-stepson
stereo	stereo
stereoscopic	stereoscopic
stereotype	ukulinganisa
stereotyped	okushiwo
sterile	oyinyumba
sterility	ubumpofu
sterilize	inzalo
sterling	sterling
stern	stern
sternum	sternum
steroid	i-steroid
stethoscope	i-stethoscope
stew	isobho
steward	umphathi
stewardess	umphathi
stewardship	ubuphathi
stfu	stfu
stick	ukunamathela
sticker	isitika
sticking	ukunamathela
stickler	i-stickler
stickup	stickup
sticky	okunamathelayo
stiff	unzima
stiffen	ukuqina
stiffness	ukuqina
stifle	khubaza
stifled	ishicilelwe
stifling	ukuphoqa
stigma	inhlamba
stile	NO TRANSLATION
stiletto	stiletto
stillbirth	ukubeletha
stillborn	usandazalwa
stillness	ukuthula
stillwaiting	NO TRANSLATION
stilts	stilts
stimulant	okuvuselelayo
stimulate	khuthaza
stimulating	kushukumisa
stimulation	ukuvuselela
stimulus	ukuvuselela
sting	i-sting
stinger	i-stinger
stinging	ukushaya
stingy	i-stingy
stink	kunuka
stinker	i-stinker
stinking	kunuka
stinky	ubuhlungu
stint	u-stint
stipend	ukumisa
stipulate	tshela
stipulation	ukucacisa
stir	bangela
stirring	evuselelayo
stitch	ukuma
stitching	ukugxuma
stock	stock
stockade	ukugcina
stockbroker	umthengisi wamasheya
stockholder	umnikazi wesitokisi
stocking	ukubeka impahla
stockings	amasheya
stockpile	ukubeka
stockroom	isitoreji
stocks	amasheya
stoic	stoic
stole	weba
stolen	kubiwe
stomach	isisu
stomachache	isisu esibuhlungu
stomp	stomp
stomped	ziqotshwe
stone	ngamatshe
stoned	ngamatshe
stonewall	i-stonewall
stoneware	i-stoneware
stony	stony
stooge	beka
stool	esitokisini
stools	izihlalo
stoop	ukuma
stoopid	i-stoopid
stop	Ima
stopover	ukuma
stoppage	ukuyeka
stopper	ukumisa
stopping	ukuma
stopwatch	isitophuwashi
storage	isitoreji
store	isitolo
storefront	isitolo sangaphambili
storehouse	igumbi lokugcina
storeroom	igumbi lokugcina
storing	ukugcina
storm	isiphepho
storming	ukuphoqa
stormy	isiphepho
story	indaba
storybook	ibhuku lezindaba
storyteller	umlandisi wezindaba
storytelling	ukuxoxa ngezindaba
stound	NO TRANSLATION
stout	oqinile
stove	isitofu
stow	isiteji
stowaway	ukuwa
straddle	ukugubha
straight	Qondile
straighten	lungisa
straightforward	ngokuqondile
straightway	ngokushesha
strain	uhlobo
strained	kuhlushwa
strait	unzima
straitjacket	i-straitjacket
straits	izinkinga
strand	i-strand
stranded	okugxilile
strange	okungajwayelekile
stranger	umfokazi
strangle	cindezela
strangulation	ukucabangela
strap	ibhande
strapless	i-strapless
strapping	ukubamba
strata	strata
strategic	amasu
strategist	i-strategist
strategy	isu
stratification	stratification
stratosphere	stratosphere
stratum	i-stratum
stratus	i-stratus
straw	utshani
strawberry	ijikijolo
stray	ilahlekile
streak	streak
streaked	i-streaked
stream	ukusakaza
streamer	ukusakaza
streaming	ukusakaza
streamline	sondeza
street	umgwaqo
streetcar	umgwaqo wesitimela
streetlight	i-streetlight
strength	amandla
strengthen	qinisa
strengthening	ukuqinisa
strenuous	kunzima
strep	strep
stress	ukucindezeleka
stressed	kugcizelelwe
stresses	ukucindezeleka
stressfree	NO TRANSLATION
stressful	ukucindezeleka
stressin	NO TRANSLATION
stressing	ukucindezeleka
stressrelief	NO TRANSLATION
stretch	welula
stretcher	i-stretcher
stricken	ehlukumezekile
strict	okuqinile
stride	ukuhlukana
strife	izingxabano
strike	isiteleka
strikeout	isiteleka
striker	umhlukumezi
striking	okushaya
strikingly	ngokumangalisa
string	string
strings	izintambo
stringy	stringy
strip	ukuhlukana
stripe	umugqa
striped	emagqabha
stripped	ihlubule
stripper	i-stripper
striptease	i-striptease
strive	zama
strobe	i-strobe
stroke	ukushaya
stroll	hamba
stroller	umgibeli
strolling	ukuhamba
strong	eqinile
stronghold	isiphephelo
strongly	ngokuqinile
structural	isakhiwo
structure	isakhiwo
strudel	i-strudel
struggle	ukulwa
strut	qhafaza
stub	inkemba
stubbed	unamathela
stubble	izinhlanga
stubborn	inkani
stubbornness	inkani
stubby	inkani
stucco	stucco
stuck	unamathele
stuckup	NO TRANSLATION
stud	stud
studded	zigcwele
student	umfundi
studied	wafunda
studio	studio
study	ukutadisha
stuff	izinto
stuffed animal	isilwane esinyene
stuffing	ukugxila
stuffy	i-stuffy
stumble	ukhubeka
stump	isiqu
stumped	i-stumped
stun	stun
stunned	emangele
stunner	stunner
stunning	emangalisa
stunt	u-stunt
stunted	ugxilile
stuntman	u-stuntman
stupefaction	ukunyakaza
stupefy	faka
stupendous	unomusa
stupid	uyisiphukuphuku
stupidity	ubuwula
stupidpeople	NO TRANSLATION
stupidrain	NO TRANSLATION
stupor	i-stupor
sturdy	eqinile
sturgeon	i-sturgeon
stutter	i-stutter
sty	u-sty
style	isitayela
styling	styling
stylish	stylish
stylist	stylist
suave	suave
sub	i-sub
subatomic	i-subatomic
subcommittee	ikomidi elincane
subconscious	engacabangi
subcutaneous	ngezansi
subdivide	hlukanisa
subdivision	ukuhlukaniswa iziqephu
subduction	ukukhipha
subdue	lawula
subdued	kunqotshwa
subdural	subdural
subito	NO TRANSLATION
subject	isihloko
subjected	kuncike
subjection	ukuzithoba
subjective	subjective
subjugation	ukuhlukunyezwa
sublet	i-sublet
sublevel	i-sublevel
sublimation	i-sublimation
sublime	i-sublime
subliminal	i-subliminal
submarine	umkhumbi wamanzi
submerge	gcoba
submerged	kungena ngaphakathi
submersible	i-submersible
submission	ukuhambisa
submissive	ukuzithoba
submit	thumela
submitting	ukuthumela
subordinate	ngaphansi
subordination	ukuzithoba
subplot	i-subplot
subpoena	i-subpoena
subscribe	bhalisa
subscriber	obhalisile
subscription	ukubhalisa
subsequence	ngokulandelana
subsequent	okulandelayo
subsequently	kamuva
subservient	ukuzithoba
subset	i-subset
subside	susa
subsidence	ukuxhaswa kwemali
subsidiary	izinsizakalo
subsidize	ukuxhaswa
subsidy	umxhaso
subsist	i-subsist
subsistence	ukuphilisa
subsoil	i-subsoil
subspace	i-subspace
substance	izinto
substandard	i-substandard
substantial	kakhulu
substantially	kakhulu
substantiate	ukuqinisa
substantive	okuyisisekelo
substation	indawo
substitute	esikhundleni
substituted	kufakwe esikhundleni
substitution	ukufaka endaweni
substructure	indawo
subterranean	subterranean
subtext	i-subtext
subtitle	umbhalo ongezansi
subtle	okucashile
subtlety	ubuqili
subtract	susa
subtraction	ukususa
subtype	i-subtype
suburb	isifundazwe
suburban	i-suburban
suburbia	i-suburbia
suburbs	amadlelo
subversion	ukuguqulwa
subversive	ukuphikisa
subvert	ukuguqulwa
subway	esitimeleni
succeed	phumelela
succeeding	uphumelele
success	impumelelo
successful	uphumelele
succession	ukulandelana
successive	okulandelanayo
successor	umlandeli
succinct	kancane
succubus	sucubus
succulent	kahle
succumb	sithatha
suck	ncela
sucker	sucker
sucking	uncel
suckling	uncelisayo
sucks	uyasondeza
suction	ukuncibilika
sudden	ngokuzumayo
suddenly	ngokuzumayo
suds	ama-sud
sue	sue
suede	suede
suffer	bahlupheke
sufferer	isifo
suffering	ukuhlupheka
suffice	kulungile
sufficiency	ukwanele
sufficient	okwanele
sufficiently	ngokwanele
suffix	isibopho
suffocate	ukukhathazeka
suffocating	ukuhlushwa
suffocation	ukuhlushwa
sugar	ushukela
suggest	asikisela
suggestion	ukusikisela
suggestive	ukusikisela
suicidal	ukuzibulala
suicide	ukuzibulala
suicidebombing	NO TRANSLATION
suit	i-suit
suitable	kufanelekile
suitcase	i-suitcase
suite	okulandelayo
suitor	umsizi
sulfate	sulfate
sulfur	isibabule
sulk	sulk
sullen	sullen
sully	sully
sulphur	isibabule
sultan	sultan
sultry	sultry
sum	isamba
summarily	ngokuyinhloko
summarize	fingqa
summary	isifinyeto
summation	ukufingqa
summer	ehlobo
summerhouse	i-summerhouse
summertime	ehlobo
summit	ingqungquthela
summon	summon
summons	ubiza
sumo	sumo
sump	i-sump
sumptuous	ukhululekile
sun	ilanga
sunbeam	i-sunbeam
sunburn	ukushisa kwelanga
sundae	sundae
sunday	ilanga
sundial	sundial
sundown	ukushona kwelanga
sundry	sundry
sunflower	i-sunflower
sunglass	ukukhanya kwelanga
sunglasses	izibuko
sunk	sishonile
sunken	sishisiwe
sunless	ilanga
sunlight	ilanga
sunny	ilanga
sunrise	ukuphuma kwelanga
sunroof	i-sunroof
sunscreen	isikrini selanga
sunset	ukushona kwelanga
sunshine	ilanga
suntan	i-suntan
sunup	sunup
sup	ngaphezulu
super	super
superannuation	superannuation
superb	kakhulu
superficial	ngokuyisisekelo
superfluous	ezingenangqondo
superhero	superhero
superhuman	superhuman
superimposed	kakhulu
superintendent	u-superintendent
superior	ephakeme
superiority	ukuphakama
superlative	okungcono kakhulu
superman	superman
supermarket	Isuphamakethe
supermodel	i-supermodel
supernatant	supernatant
supernatural	okungaphezu kwemvelo
supernova	i-supernova
superposition	ukubeka phezulu
superpower	amandla amakhulu
supersede	phezulu
superstar	i-superstar
superstition	inkolelo-ze
superstitious	inkolelo-ze
superstore	i-superstore
supervise	phatha
supervision	ukuqondisa
supervisor	umphathi
supper	isidlo sakusihlwa
suppertime	isidlo sakusihlwa
supplant	sondeza
supple	funa
supplement	ukwengeza
supplemental	ukwengeza
supplementary	okungeziweko
supplication	ukunxusa
supplier	umphakeli
supplies	izimpahla
supply	ukuhlinzeka
support	ukwesekwa
supported	kusekelwe
supporter	umsekeli
supporters	abasekeli
supporting	ukusekela
supportive	ukusekela
suppose	ake sithi
supposed	kuthiwa
supposing	ucabanga
supposition	faka
suppress	ukucindezela
suppression	ukucindezelwa
supremacy	ukuphakama
supreme	kakhulu
supremely	kakhulu
surcharge	okukhokhelwayo
sure	uqinisekile
surety	isiqiniseko
surf	ukushisa
surface	ubuso
surfboard	i-surfboard
surfer	i-surfer
surge	ukuphakama
surgeon	udokotela ohlinzayo
surgery	ukuhlinzwa
surgical	ukuhlinzwa
surly	only
surmise	ukumiswa
surname	isibongo
surpassing	edlula
surplus	okudlula
surprise	ukumangala
surprised	bamangala
surprises	okumangazayo
surprising	kumangalisa
surprisingly	ngokumangazayo
surreal	surreal
surrender	ukuzinikela
surrendering	ukuzinikela
surrogate	i-surrogate
surround	nxazonke
surrounding	ezungezile
surroundings	indawo ezungezile
surveillance	ukubhekwa
survey	ucwaningo
surveying	ukuhlola
surveyor	ucwaningi
survival	ukusinda
survive	basinde
surviving	usinda
survivor	osindile
susceptibility	ukutholakala
susceptible	kungabanjwa
sushi	sushi
suspect	umsolwa
suspected	usolwa
suspend	ukumisa
suspended	imisiwe
suspenders	ukumisa okwesikhashana
suspense	ukusola
suspension	ukumiswa
suspicion	ukusola
suspicions	izinsolo
suspicious	okusolisayo
sustain	ukusekela
sustained	eqinisiwe
sustenance	ukudla
suture	suture
suv	suv
sux	NO TRANSLATION
swab	i-swab
swag	swag
swagger	i-swagger
swallow	ukugwinya
swami	swami
swamp	inhlanzi
swamped	ifakwe
swampy	i-swampy
swan	swan
swank	swank
swap	shintsha
swarm	i-swarm
swarming	ukuthuthumela
swastika	swastika
swat	swat
sway	sway
swear	funga
swearing	ukufunga
sweat	thuthumela
sweater	sweat
sweating	ukuthuthumela
sweatshirt	i-sweatshirt
sweatshop	sweatshop
sweaty	sweaty
sweep	shisha
sweeper	i-sweeper
sweeping	ukuqhuma
sweet	elimnandi
sweeten	phumula
sweetened	ifanisiwe
sweetener	sweetener
sweetest	mnandi kakhulu
sweetheart	othandekayo
sweetie	i-sweetie
sweetness	ubumnandi
sweets	amaswidi
swell	ukuvuvukala
swelling	ukuvuvukala
sweltering	sweltering
swerve	swerve
swift	esheshayo
swiftly	ngokushesha
swig	i-swig
swill	swill
swim	bhukuda
swimmer	ukugijima
swimming	ukubhukuda
swimsuit	i-swimsuit
swindle	swayipha
swindler	umphangi
swine	izingulube
swing	swing
swinger	swinger
swinging	swayipha
swipe	swayipha
swirl	i-swirl
swish	swish
switch	shintsha
switchblade	switchblade
switchboard	inkinobho yokushintsha
swivel	swivel
swollen	ukuvuvukala
swoon	swoon
swoop	swoop
sword	inkemba
swordfish	i-swordfish
swordplay	swordplay
swordsman	inkemba
sycamore	i-sycamore
syllable	i-syllable
syllabus	i-syllabus
symbiotic	i-symbiotic
symbol	uphawu
symbolic	okungokomfanekiso
symbolically	ngokomfanekiso
symbolism	uphawu
symbolize	kufanekisela
symmetric	i-symmetric
symmetrical	i-symmetrical
symmetry	ukulinganisa
sympathetic	uzwela
sympathize	uzwela
sympathy	isihawu
symphonic	umsindo
symphony	i-symphony
symposium	uchungechunge
symptom	uphawu
symptomatic	uphawu
synagogue	esinagogeni
synapse	i-synapse
synaptic	i-synaptic
sync	ukuvumelanisa
synchronize	vumelanisa
synchronous	okuhambisanayo
syncope	i-syncope
syndicate	i-syndicate
syndrome	i-syndrome
synergistic	i-synergistic
synergy	synergy
synod	i-synod
synonym	okufanayo
synonymous	okufanayo
synopsis	isiqubulo
synoptic	i-synoptic
syntax	i-syntax
synthesis	synthesis
synthesizer	i-synthesizer
synthetic	isakhi
syphilis	i-syphilis
syringe	isirinji
syrup	isiraphu
system	uhlelo
systematic	ehlelekile
systematically	ngokuhlelekile
t-shirt	i-t-shirt
tab	ithebhu
tabasco	ithebhu
tabby	ithebhu
tabernacle	itabernakele
table	ithebula
tableau	NO TRANSLATION
tablecloth	indwangu yetafula
tablespoon	isipuni
tablet	ithebhulethi
tableware	i-tableware
tabloid	ithebhudidi
taboo	taboo
tabular	ithebhulethi
tabulate	thinta
tabulation	ukubethelwa
tachometer	tachometer
tacit	tacit
tack	tack
tackle	ukubhekana
tackled	ihlangene
tackling	ukubhekana
tacky	tacky
taco	taco
tact	ukuhlakanipha
tactful	ukukhalipha
tactic	amaqhinga
tactical	tactical
tactics	amaqhinga
tactile	tactile
tad	NO TRANSLATION
tadpole	tadpole
taffeta	i-taffeta
taffy	taffy
tag	ithegi
tail	umsila
tailed	tailed
tailgate	thola
tailings	ukusila
taillight	umsila
tailor	funda
tailoring	ukulungisa
tailpipe	i-tailpipe
taint	ukugcoba
take	thatha
takeoff	suka
takeout	khipha
takeover	Qhubeka
taker	ukuthatha
talcum	talcum
tale	indaba
talent	ithalente
talented	abanamakhono
talisman	i-talisman
talk	ukukhuluma
talkative	ukukhuluma
talker	ukhuluma
tall	ubude
tallies	tallies
tallow	ithole
tally	ukulandelana
talon	i-talon
talons	NO TRANSLATION
tambourine	ithamborini
tame	NO TRANSLATION
tamer	i-tamer
taming	ukuphosa
tamper	tamper
tampon	itampula
tan	tan
tandem	i-tandem
tang	tang
tangent	i-tangent
tangerine	i-tangerine
tangible	okubonakalayo
tangle	tangle
tangled	ziboshwe
tango	tango
tank	ithangi
tank top	tank top
tanker	ithangi
tanned	tanned
tantalizing	okuthakazelisayo
tantamount	kufana
tantrum	ukuduma
taoism	i-taoism
tap	thinta
tape	tape
tape measure	Intambo yoku kala
taper	i-taper
tapering	i-tapering
tapestry	i-tapestry
tapeworm	i-tapeworm
tapioca	NO TRANSLATION
taps	amathinta
tar	NO TRANSLATION
tarantula	i-tarantula
tardiness	ukulinda
tardy	tardy
target	umgomo
targeted	okuhlosiwe
targeting	ukukhomba
tariff	intela
tarmac	i-alarmac
tarnish	ukuphoqa
tarot	i-tarot
tarp	NO TRANSLATION
tarry	linda
tart	i-tart
tartan	i-tartan
tartar	i-tartar
task	umsebenzi
tassel	ingongolo
taste	ukunambitha
tasteful	ukunambitheka
tasteless	ezingenangqondo
tasting	ukunambitha
tasty	okuhlwabusayo
tat	ukudweba
tattler	i-tattler
tattletale	i-tattletale
tattoo	tattoo
taught	wafundiswa
taunt	ukuhleka usulu
taupe	taupe
taut	phula
tavern	i-tavern
tawdry	u-tawdry
tawny	tawny
tax	intela
taxed	intela
taxi	itekisi
taxicab	i-taxicab
taxonomy	i-taxonomy
taxpayer	umkhokhi wentela
tea	itiye
teach	fundisa
teacher	uthisha
teaching	ukufundisa
teacup	teacup
teahouse	teahouse
teal	teal
team	ithimba
teamjesus	NO TRANSLATION
teammate	ukusebenzisana nabo
teamwork	ukusebenzisana
teapot	i-teapot
tear	izinyembezi
tearful	izinyembezi
tearsofjoy	NO TRANSLATION
teary	teary
tease	tease
teaser	i-teaser
teasing	ukuhleka
teaspoon	isipuni
teat	i-teat
teatime	teatime
tech	tech
technical	ubuchwepheshe
technicality	ubuchwepheshe
technician	ochwepheshe
technique	amasu
techno	techno
technological	ubuchwepheshe
technology	ubuchwepheshe
ted	ted
teddy bear	i-teddy bear
tedious	kuyisicefe
tedium	i-tedium
tee	tee
teeming	ukuhlaziya
teen	ingane
teenage	intsha
teenager	intsha
teens	intsha
teensy	intsha
teeny	teeny
teeth	amazinyo
teething	i-teething
teflon	i-teflon
telegram	telegram
telegraph	telegraph
telekinesis	telekinesis
telemetry	telemetry
telepathic	telepathic
telepathy	ucingo
telephone	ucingo
telescope	i-telescope
telescopic	telescopic
telethon	telethon
teletype	teletype
televised	ithelevishini
television	ithelevishini
tell	tshela
teller	umtsheli
telling	ukutshela
telltale	i-telltale
temp	isiphepho
temper	ukufutheka
tempera	i-tempera
temperament	ubumnene
temperamental	i-temperamental
temperance	ukuzithoba
temperate	ukuzithoba
temperature	lokushisa
tempered	unomsindo
tempest	isiphepho
template	ithempulethi
temple	ithempeli
tempo	NO TRANSLATION
temporal	okwesikhashana
temporarily	okwesikhashana
temporary	okwesikhashana
tempt	uzame
temptation	isilingo
tempting	ukulinga
temptress	umlingisi
ten	eziyishumi
tenable	iphathekayo
tenacious	uzimisele
tenacity	ukuqina
tenancy	indawo yokuhlala
tenant	umqashi
tend	bathambekele
tendency	ukuthambekela
tender	ithenda
tenderfoot	i-tenderfoot
tenderness	ububele
tending	ukulinda
tendon	i-tendon
tenement	i-tenement
tenet	i-tenet
tenets	iziqu
tenfold	okuphindwe kabili
tennis	i-tennis
tenor	i-tenor
tense	isikhathi
tensile	ukuphoqa
tension	ukungezwani
tent	itende
tentacle	itende
tentative	ukuthambekela
tenth	okweshumi
tenths	okweshumi
tenuous	unomusa
tenure	ukuhlala
tepee	i-tepee
tepid	tepid
tequila	i-tequila
teriyaki	teriyaki
term	isikhathi
terminal	Isikhumulo
terminate	ukuqeda
termination	ukuqedwa
terminator	i-terminator
terminology	isichazamazwi
terminus	i-terminus
termite	ukuqeda
terms	imigomo
tern	tern
ternary	i-ternary
terrace	ithala
terrain	indawo
terrestrial	emhlabeni
terrible	esabekayo
terribly	kakhulu
terrier	terrier
terrific	kakhulu
terrified	esaba kakhulu
terrifies	kwesaba
terrify	kusabisa
terrifying	esabekayo
territorial	indawo
territory	insimu
terror	ukwesaba
terrorism	ubuphekula
terrorist	amaphekula
terrorists	amaphekula
terrorize	ukuthuthumela
terse	u-terse
tertiary	ephakeme
test	ukuhlolwa
testament	isivumelwano
testicle	i-testicle
testicular	ubufakazi
testify	ngifakazela
testimonial	ubufakazi
testimony	ubufakazi
testosterone	i-testosterone
testy	NO TRANSLATION
tetanus	i-tetanus
tether	i-tether
tethered	sithandwa
tetrahedral	i-tetrahedral
text	umbhalo
textbook	ibhuku lokufundisa
textile	textile
textural	umbhalo wombhalo
texture	ukuthungwa
tgif	tgif
thank	ngiyabonga
thankful	ngiyabonga
thankgod	Ngiyabonga Nkosi
thanking	ngiyabonga
thankless	angabonga
thanks	ngiyabonga
thanksalot	NO TRANSLATION
thanksgiving	ukubonga
thankyougod	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoujesus	NO TRANSLATION
thankyoulord	NO TRANSLATION
thatch	i-thatch
thatmoment	NO TRANSLATION
thaumaturgy	thaumaturgy
thaw	thaw
theater	indawo yaseshashalazini
theatrical	ithempeli
theatrics	i-theatrics
thebest	okuncono
theft	ukweba
theism	i-theism
theistic	i-theistic
thelife	thelife
thelittlethings	NO TRANSLATION
theme	isihloko
theocracy	intando yeningi
theocratic	okungokwasezulwini
theologian	isazi semfundiso yenkolo
theological	isayensi
theology	imfundiso yenkolo
theorem	i-theorem
theoretical	i-theoretical
theory	i-theory
therapeutic	ukwelapha
therapeutics	ukwelapha
therapist	isazi
therapy	ukwelapha
thereabouts	lapho
thereof	yalo
therewith	ngakho
thermal	ezishisayo
thermocouple	i-thermocouple
thermodynamics	thermodynamics
thermometer	i-thermometer
thermos	thermos
thermostat	i-thermostat
thesaurus	i-thesaurus
thesis	umqondo
thick	obukhulu
thicken	thicken
thickening	ukuqina
thicket	isitifiketi
thickness	ubukhulu
thief	isela
thigh	ithanga
thimble	thimble
thin	mncane
thing	into
things	izinto
thingy	intoy
think	cabanga
thinker	ucabanga
thinking	ukucabanga
third	wesithathu
thirds	okwesithathu
thirst	ukoma
thirsty	omile
thirteen	ishumi nantathu
thirteenth	ishumi nantathu
thirty	amashumi amathathu
thistle	i-thistle
thither	lapho
thong	thong
thorn	iva
thorny	thola
thorough	kahle
thoroughbred	kahle
thoroughfare	kahle
thought	wacabanga
thoughtful	ukucabangela
thoughtfulness	ukucabanga
thoughtless	engacabangi
thoughts	imicabango
thousand	izinkulungwane
thrash	thrash
thread	intambo
threat	usongo
threaten	usongela
threatened	esongelwa
threatening	esongelayo
three	ezintathu
threefold	kathathu
threesome	ama-threesome
thresh	phuma
threshold	umkhawulo
thrice	kathathu
thrift	i-thrift
thrifty	ukushisa
thrill	ukujabula
thrilled	ujabule
thriller	okujabulisayo
thrilling	okujabulisayo
thrive	phumelela
thriving	ephumelelayo
throat	umphimbo
throb	i-throb
throbbing	ukubhoboza
throes	imiphetho
throne	isihlalo sobukhosi
throng	isixuku
throttle	phutha
throw	phosa
throwback	ukuphonswa
thrower	umphangi
thrown	waphonswa
thrush	thrush
thrust	ukuphosa
thruster	thruster
thud	i-thud
thug	isib
thumb	isithupha
thumbprint	thumbprint
thump	thump
thumper	thumper
thumping	thumping
thunder	ukuduma
thunderbolt	ukuduma
thunderclap	ukuduma
thundering	ukuduma
thunderstorm	ukuduma kwezulu
thunderstruck	thunderstruck
thwart	ukuphazamisa
thx	thx
thyme	i-thyme
thyroid	i-thyroid
tiara	tiara
tibia	tibia
tic	tic
tick	uphawu
ticked	kukhishwe
ticker	umklomelo
ticket	ithikithi
tickle	khathaza
tickled	ukhanyiswa
ticklish	i-ticklish
tidal	i-tidal
tidal wave	Igagasi elingenisayo
tidbit	i-tidbit
tide	umzila
tidings	izindaba
tidy	i-tidy
tie	tie
tier	u-tier
tiff	tiff
tiger	tiger
tighten	qinisa
tightness	ukuqina
tightrope	i-tightrope
tights	izibani
tilde	tilde
tile	tile
tiling	ukudweba
till	NO TRANSLATION
tillage	ukulima
tiller	i-tiller
tilt	tilt
tilting	ukuphikisa
timber	imithi
timberland	i-timberland
timbre	isitembu
time	isikhathi
timeless	ezingapheli isikhathi
timeliness	ukufaneleka kwesikhathi
timely	ngesikhathi esifanele
timeout	isikhathi siphelile
timepiece	inkinobho yesikhathi
timer	i-timer
times	izikhathi
timetable	isikhathi sokuhlela
timewasters	NO TRANSLATION
timid	uhlehlisiwe
timidity	amahloni
timing	isikhathi
tin	NO TRANSLATION
tincture	tincture
tine	NO TRANSLATION
tinfoil	NO TRANSLATION
tinge	tinge
tingle	ingoma
tingling	ukulinganisa
tinker	tinker
tinkering	ukuphuza
tinkle	NO TRANSLATION
tinkling	ukuxuba
tinnitus	tinnitus
tinsel	tinsel
tint	tint
tiny	amancane
tip	ithiphu
tipper	i-tipper
tipster	tipster
tipsy	i-tipsy
tiptoe	i-tiptoe
tirade	i-tirade
tire	sitha
tired	ukhathele
tiredness	ukhathala
tiredofit	NO TRANSLATION
tireless	ungenasici
tiresome	ukukhathazeka
tiring	ukukhathala
tissue	izicubu
tistheseason	NO TRANSLATION
tit	isihloko
titan	i-titan
titanic	titanic
titanium	i-titanium
tithe	okweshumi
title	isihloko
titled	okubizwa ngokuthi
titty	titty
titular	NO TRANSLATION
toad	udoti
toast	isilonda
toaster	i-toaster
toasty	ukukhwabanisa
tobacco	ugwayi
toby	toby
tod	i-tod
today	namuhla
toddler	encane
toe	uzwane
toenail	i-toenail
toffee	i-toffee
tofu	tofu
toga	NO TRANSLATION
together	ndawonye
togetherness	ukubumbana
toil	ukukhandleka
toilet	indlu yangasese
toils	ukukhandleka
token	ithokheni
tolerable	ukubekezeleleka
tolerance	ukubekezelelana
tolerant	ukubekezela
tolerate	ukubekezelela
toleration	ukubekezela
toll	Indawo yokukhokha
tomahawk	tomahawk
tomato	utamatisi
tomatoes	utamatisi
tomb	ithuna
tombstone	ithuna
tomcat	tomcat
tome	i-tome
tomorrow	kusasa
ton	NO TRANSLATION
tone	ithoni
toner	i-toner
tong	NO TRANSLATION
tongs	i-tongs
tongue	ulimi
tonic	tonic
tonnage	tonnage
tonsils	amathani
toocold	NO TRANSLATION
tool	ithuluzi
toolbox	ibhokisi lamathuluzi
tooling	ukufaka amathuluzi
toomuchtodo	NO TRANSLATION
toot	i-Toot
tooth	izinyo
toothache	amazinyo
toothbrush	ibhuloho lamazinyo
toothed	ukukhwabanisa
toothless	ungenasidingo
toothpaste	i-toothpaste
toothpick	i-toothpick
toots	ama-toots
top	phezulu
topaz	i-topazi
topic	isihloko
topical	i-topical
topless	ezingenasici
topographic	i-topographic
topographical	i-topographical
topography	indawo yokudweba
topple	ukuphoqa
topside	phezulu
tor	tor
torch	isibani
torment	ukuhlushwa
tormented	behlushwa
torn	ephukile
tornado	isiqhwaga
torpedo	i-torpedo
torque	i-torque
torrent	isifufula
torrid	i-torrid
torsion	i-torsion
torso	i-torso
tort	ukuphutha
tortious	ukuhlukunyezwa
tortoise	i-tortoise
tortuous	i-tortuous
torture	ukuhlushwa
tortured	behlushwa
toss	ukuphonsa
tot	NO TRANSLATION
total	inani
totality	ngokuphelele
totally	ngokuphelele
tote	tote
totem	totem
touch	thinta
touchdown	i-touchdown
touched	uthinte
touching	ukuthinta
touchy	ukuthinta
tough	ezinzima
toughen	i-toughen
toughness	ukuqina
toupee	i-toupee
tour	ukuvakasha
tourism	ezokuvakasha
tourist	izivakashi
tourmaline	i-tourmaline
tournament	umqhudelwano
tourniquet	i-tourniquet
tout	NO TRANSLATION
tow	i-tow
towel	ithawula
tower	umbhoshongo
towering	ukuphakama
town	idolobha
townhouse	townhouse
township	ilokishi
townspeople	abantu bakuleli dolobha
toxic	inobuthi
toxicity	ubuthi
toxicology	i-toxicology
toxin	i-toxin
toy	ithoyizi
toymaker	toymaker
trace	ukulandelela
traceable	okulandelanayo
tracer	umdwebi
traces	umkhondo
trachea	i-trachea
tracing	ukulandela
track	ithrekhi
tracker	tracker
tract	ipheshana
tractable	i-tractable
traction	ukulandelana
tractor	ugandaganda
trade	ukuhweba
trademark	uphawu lokuhweba
trader	umthengisi
tradesman	umhwebi
trading	ukuhweba
tradition	isiko
traditional	zendabuko
traffic	traffic
traffic light	ukukhanya komgwaqo
trafficking	ukuhweba
tragedies	izinhlekelele
tragedy	inhlekelele
tragic	okubuhlungu
trail	umzila
trailer	i-trailer
train	isitimela
train set	isitimela isethi
trained	baqeqeshiwe
trainee	umqeqeshi
trainer	umqeqeshi
training	ukuqeqeshwa
trait	umkhuba
traitor	umthengisi
traitorous	u-traitorous
trajectory	trajectory
tram	tram
tramp	ukunyathela
trample	ukunyathela
trampoline	trampoline
tramway	tramway
trance	i-trance
tranquil	ukuthula
tranquility	ukuthula
tranquilizer	u-tranquilizer
transact	shintsha
transaction	ukuthengiselana
transatlantic	transatlantic
transceiver	i-transceiver
transcend	ukudlula
transcendence	ukudlula
transcendent	esiphezulu
transcendental	i-transcendental
transcribe	bhalisa
transcriber	ukurekhoda
transcript	ukulotshwe
transcription	ukuqoshwa
transfer	ukudluliselwa
transference	ukudluliselwa
transferred	idluliselwe
transfixed	transfixed
transform	guqula
transformation	izinguquko
transformer	i-transformer
transfusion	ukumpontshelwa
transgression	isiphambeko
transient	okwesikhashana
transistor	i-transistor
transit	ukuhamba
transition	ukuguquka
transitional	okuguquguqukayo
transitive	okuguquguqukayo
transitory	okudlulayo
translate	ukuhumusha
translation	ukuhumusha
translator	umhumushi
translocation	ukudluliselwa
translucent	i-translucent
transmission	ukudluliselwa
transmit	thumela
transmitter	i-transmitter
transmutation	ukudluliselwa
transom	i-transom
transparency	obala
transparent	obala
transplant	ukufakelwa
transplantation	ukufakelwa kabusha
transponder	i-transponder
transport	ukuthutha
transportation	ezokuthutha
transporter	i-transporter
transpose	transpose
transposition	ukuguqulwa
transsexual	transsexual
transverse	i-transverse
transvestite	transvestite
trap	umgibe
trapdoor	trapdoor
trapeze	ukuthungatha
trapped	ziboshwe
trapper	umculi
trapping	ukumbamba
trappings	ukulandelana
traps	izicupho
trash	udoti
trashy	i-trashy
trauma	ukuhlukunyezwa
traumatic	okubuhlungu
travail	NO TRANSLATION
travel	ukuhamba
traveler	umhambi
traveling	ukuhamba
traverse	ukuhamba
travesty	travesty
trawl	i-trawl
trawler	umshayeli wethutha
tray	ithreyi
treacherous	okhohlisayo
treachery	ukukhohlisa
tread	ukunyathela
treadmill	umshini wokuhamba ngezinyawo
treason	ukuhlubuka
treasure	umcebo
treasured	ibalulekile
treasurer	umgcinimafa
treasures	ingcebo
treasury	imali
treat	phatha
treatable	ephathekayo
treatise	ukuphatha
treatment	ukwelashwa
treaty	isivumelwano
treble	ukuthuthumela
tree	isihlahla
trees	izihlahla
trek	ukuhamba
trellis	trellis
tremble	thuthumela
trembling	ukuthuthumela
tremendous	kakhulu
tremendously	ngokumangalisayo
tremor	ukuthuthumela
trench	umsele
trend	umkhuba
trending	ehamba phambili
trendy	isitayela
trepidation	ukuthuthumela
trespass	isiphambeko
triad	triad
triage	ukulinganisa
trial	ukuhlolwa
triangle	unxantathu
triangular	i-triangular
triangulate	triangulate
triathlon	triathlon
tribal	isizwe
tribe	isizwe
tribulation	usizi
tribunal	inkantolo
tribune	tribune
tributary	i-tributary
tribute	intela
trick	ukukhohlisa
trickery	ukukhohlisa
trickle	qamba
trickster	i-trickster
tricky	ekhohlisayo
tricycle	tricycle
trident	i-trident
trifle	ukudubula
trifling	i-trifling
trig	i-trig
trigger	qalisa
trigonometry	i-trigonometry
trillion	trillion
trilogy	trilogy
trim	i-trim
trimester	trimester
trimmer	ukusika
trimming	ukunciphisa
trine	i-trine
trinity	ubuthathu
trinket	i-trinket
trio	trio
trip	uhambo
tripartite	i-tripartite
tripe	inyama yangaphakathi
triple	kathathu
triplet	i-triplet
triplicate	kathathu
tripod	i-tripod
tripping	ukuphuma
trite	thula
tritium	i-tritium
triumph	ukunqoba
triumphant	ukunqoba
trivia	i-trivia
trivial	okuncane
troll	i-troll
trolley	Inqola
trombone	trombone
troop	ibutho
trooper	i-trooper
troops	amabutho
trophy	i-trophy
tropic	tropic
tropical	ezishisayo
tropics	ezishisayo
trot	i-trot
trouble	inkathazo
troubled	ukukhathazeka
troublemaker	inkathazo
troubles	izinkinga
troublesome	ezinzima
trough	umkhombe
troupe	inhlanzi
trousers	ibhulukwe
trout	ithrawuthi
trowel	i-trowel
truce	i-truce
truck	iloli
trucker	i-trucker
truckload	ukulayisha iloli
truculent	i-truculent
true	Iqiniso
truelove	uthando lwangempela
truffle	truffle
truism	truism
trump	icilongo
trumpet	icilongo
trumpeter	icilongo
truncate	truncate
truncated	i-truncated
trundle	qamba
trunk	isiqu
truss	i-truss
trust	ukwethemba
trustee	umphathiswa
trusting	ukuthembela
trustworthy	uthembekile
trusty	ithembekile
truth	iqiniso
truthful	iqiniso
truthfulness	iqiniso
try	zama
tryout	Zama
tryouts	ama-tryouts
tsunami	tsunami
tub	ibhubhu
tuba	i-tuba
tubby	i-tubby
tube	tube
tuberculosis	isifo sofuba
tubing	i-tubing
tubular	i-tubular
tubule	i-tubule
tuck	tuck
tucker	i-tucker
tuesday	ngoLwesibili
tufted	sinezandla
tug	ukudubula
tugboat	ukudubula
tuition	isikole
tulip	i-tulip
tumble	i-tumble
tumbler	NO TRANSLATION
tumbleweed	i-tumbleweed
tummy	isisu
tumor	isisu
tumour	isisu
tumult	ukuxokozela
tumultuous	ukuhlukumezeka
tun	NO TRANSLATION
tuna	i-tuna
tunable	kulungiswa
tune	tune
tunic	i-tunic
tuning	ukulungiswa
tunnel	umhubhe
turban	ingubo
turbidity	i-turbidity
turbine	i-turbine
turbo	i-turbo
turbulence	i-turbulence
turbulent	i-turbulent
turd	i-turd
turf	i-turf
turkey	igalikuni
turmeric	i-turmeric
turmoil	ukuphazamiseka
turn	phenduka
turnaround	Jikeleza
turned	waphenduka
turning	ukujika
turnip	i-turnip
turnkey	i-turnkey
turnoff	NO TRANSLATION
turnout	vela
turnover	inzuzo
turnpike	i-turnpike
turntable	i-turntable
turpentine	i-turpentine
turquoise	i-turquoise
turret	i-turret
turtle	i-tortle
turtleneck	i-turtleneck
tussle	siphumelele
tutelage	ukufundisa
tutor	umfundisi
tutoring	ukufundisa
tutu	tutu
tux	tux
tuxedo	tuxedo
tv	tv
twain	ababili
twat	i-twat
twats	amahlumela
tweak	i-tweak
tweed	i-tweed
tweet	tweet
tweezers	ukuphumula
twelfth	yeshumi nambili
twelve	eziyishumi nambili
twentieth	amashumi amabili
twenty	amashumi amabili
twerp	twerp
twig	i-twig
twilight	ukukhanya kwelanga
twill	Twill
twin	amawele
twine	i-twine
twinge	Twinge
twinkle	shinyisa
twins	amawele
twirl	i-twirl
twist	phenduka
twisted	senzeke
twister	twister
twit	twit
twitch	twitch
twitching	ukudubula
twitchy	twitchy
two	ezimbili
two step	isinyathelo ezimbili
twofaced	NO TRANSLATION
twofold	kabili
twosome	amabili
tycoon	i-tycoon
tyke	tyke
type	thayipha
typewriter	umshini wokubhala
typhoid	i-typhoid
typhoon	isiphepho
typical	ejwayelekile
typically	ngokuvamile
typist	u-typist
typo	i-typo
typography	ukunyathelisa
tyrannical	tyrannical
tyranny	tyranny
tyrant	umashiqela
tyre	sitha
ubiquitous	okuvamile
ubiquity	uqobo
ugliness	ububi
ugly	kubi
uhoh	NO TRANSLATION
ukulele	ukulele
ulcer	isilonda
ulterior	ulterior
ultimate	ekugcineni
ultimately	ekugcineni
ultimatum	ultimatum
ultimo	NO TRANSLATION
ultrasound	i-ultrasound
ultraviolet	i-ultraviolet
umbilical	umbilical
umbra	umbra
umbrella	isambulela
umpire	umpiresi
umpteen	umpteen
unabashed	unabashed
unabated	engabanjwanga
unable	ayikwazi
unacceptable	ayamukelekile
unaccompanied	akuhambisani naye
unaccountable	ayitholakali
unaccounted	ayitholakali
unacknowledged	engakaziwa
unadulterated	engangcoliswa
unaffected	ayithintekile
unafraid	ungesabi
unaided	ungaxhasi
unaltered	engaguquki
unambiguous	okungaqondakali
unanimity	unanimity
unanimous	unanimous
unanimously	ngokuvumelana
unannounced	engakaziwa
unanswered	ayiphenduliwe
unanticipated	okungalindelekile
unappreciated	engabongiwe
unapproved	engavunyelwe
unarmed	ezingasetshenziswanga
unassisted	unassisted
unassuming	ukungahloniphi
unattached	unattached
unattainable	ayitholakali
unattended	ungalindelwe
unattractive	ukungathandeki
unauthorized	okungagunyaziwe
unavailable	ayitholakali
unavoidable	okungenakuvinjelwa
unaware	awazi
unbalanced	unbalanced
unbearable	ukungenakubekezelelwa
unbeatable	okungenakulinganiswa
unbeaten	unbeaten
unbecoming	okungahambi kahle
unbelief	ukungakholwa
unbelievable	okungakholeki
unbiased	ukungakhethi kahle
unborn	engakazalwa
unbound	avulekile
unbounded	okungenasisekelo
unbreakable	ezingenakunyakaziswa
unbridled	engavunyelwe
unbroken	unbroken
unbutton	unbutton
uncalled	kungabikho
uncanny	ukungavumeli
uncaring	uncaring
uncensured	NO TRANSLATION
uncertain	engaqinisekile
uncertainty	ukungaqiniseki
unchallenged	unchallenged
unchangeable	ingaguquki
unchanged	ingashintshi
uncharted	ungenasisekelo
uncherished	NO TRANSLATION
uncivilized	avulekile
unclaimed	kungabizwa
uncle	umalume
unclean	engcolile
unclear	akucacile
uncomfortable	ungakhululekile
uncommon	okungavamile
uncommonly	okungavamile
uncomplicated	okungaqondakali
uncompromising	ukungahambi kahle
unconcerned	engakhathazeki
unconditional	okungenamthetho
unconfirmed	akuqinisekisiwe
unconnected	ungaxhunyiwe
unconscionable	ukungenakwenzeka
unconscious	engazi lutho
unconsciousness	ukungabi nalutho
unconstitutional	ukungahambisani nomthethosisekelo
unconstrained	unconstrained
uncontested	ukungathintwa
uncontrollable	angalawuleki
uncontrolled	engalawulwa
unconventional	unconventional
unconvinced	unconvinced
unconvincing	engaqinisekisi
uncooked	kungabikho
uncooperative	ukungasebenzi
uncorrelated	engahambisani
uncouth	kungenjalo
uncover	vula
uncritical	okungaqondakali
uncut	ayifuni
undead	ungadluli
undecided	okungaqondile
undefeated	engaphenduliwe
undefined	engacacisiwe
undeniable	okungenakuphikwa
underage	ngaphansi
underbelly	ngokuzithoba
undercover	i-undercover
undercurrent	i-undercurrent
underdog	i-underdog
underestimate	ungathandeki
undergo	ziyaqhubeka
undergraduate	i-undergraduate
underground	ngaphansi komhlaba
underhanded	ngesikhashana
underlay	i-underlay
underlie	ngaphansi
underline	cindezela
underlying	ezingaphansi
undermine	ukuphazamisa
undermined	ihlehlisiwe
underneath	ngaphansi
underpaid	imali engaphansi
underpants	izicathulo
underprivileged	abampofu
underrated	phansi
underscore	qinisa
undersea	i-undersea
undersecretary	ngaphansi kwe-undersecretary
undersized	ngaphansi
understaffed	engaphansi
understand	baqonde
understandable	Kuyaqondakala
understanding	ukuqonda
understatement	ukuphoqeleka
understood	kuqondwe
understudy	i-understudy
undertake	yenza
undertaker	umenzi womsebenzi
undertaking	ukwenza
undertow	yenza
underwear	izingubo zangaphansi
underwood	underwood
underworld	ngaphansi komhlaba
underwrite	ibhala phansi
underwriter	umbhali phansi
undeserved	ongafanelanga
undesirable	engathandeki
undesired	engathandeki
undetectable	ayitholakali
undetected	ayitholakali
undetermined	okungaqinisekisiwe
undeveloped	ezingakhiwe
undignified	ahlukumeziwe
undirected	ungakhulumi
undisclosed	engaziwa
undiscovered	ayitholakali
undisputed	akuphikisiwe
undisturbed	engaphazanyiswa
undivided	okungafani
undo	lungisa
undoing	ukuhlehlisa
undoubted	akungabazeki
undress	ukuphazamisa
undressed	engaphenduliwe
undue	okungadingekile
undying	ukuphazamisa
unearned	ayitholanga
unearth	unarth
uneasiness	unasiness
uneasy	unasy
uneducated	engafundiwe
unemployed	engasebenzi
unemployment	ukungasebenzi
unencumbered	kungenakunyakaziswa
unending	okungahleliwe
unequal	ukungalingani
unequalled	engalingani
unequivocal	unquivocal
unequivocally	ngokungaqondile
unethical	okungahambi kahle
uneven	ukungalingani
uneventful	unventful
unexpected	okungalindelekile
unexpectedly	ngokungalindelekile
unexplainable	okungaqondakali
unexplained	akuchaziwe
unexplored	engaziwa
unfailing	ngokungapheli
unfair	ukungalungi
unfairness	ukungabi nabulungisa
unfaithful	ukungathembeki
unfamiliar	engajwayelekile
unfavorable	okungalungile
unfeeling	ukungabi nabubele
unfettered	engaphenduliwe
unfinished	engapheli
unfit	akufanelekile
unflinching	unflinching
unfold	vula
unfollow	ungafaki ukulandela
unforeseen	okungalindelekile
unforgettable	okungenakulibaleka
unforgivable	ezingenakuthethelelwa
unforgiving	ukungathetheleli
unfortunate	ngilusizi
unfortunately	ngeshwa
unfounded	okungenasisekelo
unfreeze	vula
unfriendly	unfriendly
unfulfilled	engagcwaliseki
unfurnished	engasusiwe
unglued	unglued
ungodly	abangamhloniphi uNkulunkulu
ungrateful	engabongiyo
unguarded	unguarded
unhand	NO TRANSLATION
unhappiness	ukungabi nenjabulo
unhappy	ungajabuli
unharmed	kungalimala
unhealthy	okungenampilo
unheard	akuzwanga
unhelpful	unhelpful
unhindered	engaphenduliwe
unholy	unholy
unhook	unhook
unicorn	unicorn
unidentified	engaziwa
unification	ukuhlanganisa
unified	ihlangene
uniform	umfaniswano
uniformed	i-uniformed
uniformity	ukufana
uniformly	ngokufanayo
unimaginable	engacabangeki
unimpeachable	okungenakufinyeleleka
unimpeached	unimpeached
unimportant	okungabalulekile
unimpressed	unimpressed
unimproved	engavunyelwe
uninfected	ungathintekile
uninformed	engaziwa
uninhabited	ongabi khona
uninitiated	uninitiated
uninspired	aphelelwe amandla
unintelligible	okungaqondakali
unintended	engalindelekile
unintentional	ngokungenhloso
unintentionally	ngokungenhloso
uninterested	engathandeki
uninteresting	engathandeki
uninterrupted	ungaphazanyiswa
uninvited	engavunyelwe
union	inyunyana
unique	ehlukile
unisex	unisex
unison	hlanganisa
unit	iyunithi
unitary	unitary
unite	hlanganisa
united	ubumbene
unity	ubunye
universal	jikelele
universality	jikelele
universe	indawo yonke
university	yunivesithi
unjust	ukungalungi
unjustifiable	okungenabulungisa
unjustified	akufanelekile
unkind	unkind
unknowable	engaziwa
unknown	engaziwa
unlawful	ngokungemthetho
unleash	unleash
unlicensed	engavunyelwe
unlike	ngokungafani
unlikely	akunakwenzeka
unlimited	okungenamkhawulo
unlisted	ayikho ohlwini
unload	layisha
unloaded	ilayishiwe
unlock	vula
unlucky	unlucky
unmanageable	okungenakugwenywa
unmanned	kungabanjwanga
unmarked	engabonakali
unmarried	engashadile
unmask	unmask
unmatched	engalingani
unmistakable	okungaqondakali
unmitigated	engagunyaziwe
unmoved	unmoved
unnamed	engabizwa ngegama
unnatural	okungokwemvelo
unnecessary	okungadingekile
unneeded	ungenayo
unnoticed	ayitholakali
unnumbered	okungabalwa
unobserved	ayitholakali
unobstructed	avuliwe
unobtrusive	unobtrusive
unoccupied	kungabanjwa
unofficial	okungavumelekile
unopened	avuliwe
unopposed	engavunyelwe
unordered	unordered
unorganised	ahleliwe
unorganized	ahleliwe
unorthodox	unorthodox
unpack	vula
unpaid	engakhokhiwe
unparalleled	okungalingani
unpleasant	akujabulisi
unpleasantness	ukungabi namnandi
unplug	vula
unplugged	ayivuliwe
unpopular	ayithandeki
unprecedented	okungakaze kube khona
unpredictable	ezingalindelekile
unprepared	ungakulungele
unpretentious	ukuzithoba
unproductive	engenakukhiqiza
unprofessional	engenzi lutho
unprofitable	engenzi lutho
unprotected	engavikelekile
unproven	unproven
unprovoked	ingavunyelwe
unpublished	ayishicilelwe
unpunished	ajeziswe
unqualified	ayifanelekile
unquestionable	okungenakuphikwa
unquestionably	ngokungangabazeki
unquestioned	okungavunyelwe
unquote	unquote
unravel	unravel
unreachable	ezingenakufinyeleleka
unread	engafundiwe
unreal	ezingenangqondo
unrealistic	ayinangqondo
unreasonable	okungenangqondo
unrecorded	ayitholakali
unregistered	engabhalisiwe
unregulated	okungalawulwa
unrelated	ahlobene
unrelenting	engapheliyo
unreliable	engathembeki
unremarkable	okungenakwenzeka
unrepentant	engaphenduki
unrequited	ayifuni
unresolved	ayixazululiwe
unresponsive	ayiphenduli
unrest	izingxabano
unrestrained	okungavinjelwe
unrestricted	kungavinjelwe
unromantic	unromantic
unruly	okungavumelekile
unsafe	engaphephile
unsanitary	unanitary
unsatisfactory	awanelisi
unsatisfied	enganelisekile
unsavory	okungahambi kahle
unscathed	kungabanjwa
unscheduled	engaphenduliwe
unscientific	unesayensi
unscrew	ungaphumi
unscrupulous	ongenamanga
unseat	unseat
unseen	engabonakali
unselfish	ungenabugovu
unsettled	ayinakunyakaziswa
unsightly	ungaboni kahle
unsolicited	akuceliwe
unsolved	ayihlululwanga
unsophisticated	okungaxhunyiwe
unsound	ayikho into ecacile
unspeakable	engabonakali
unspecified	engacacisiwe
unspoken	ungaxhunywanga
unstable	engazinzile
unsteady	unsteady
unstoppable	ungenakuvinjelwa
unsuccessful	ayiphumelelanga
unsuitable	akufanelekile
unsung	ungaqiniseki
unsupervised	ayilondoloziwe
unsupported	ayisekelwe
unsure	ungaqiniseki
unsurpassed	okungapheli
unsuspecting	ukungaboni
unsustainable	ayinakugcina
unsweetened	okungaxhunyiwe
unsympathetic	abangenabubele
untamed	engabanjwanga
untenable	ukungenakulinganiswa
untested	ungafundiwe
unthinkable	okungacabangeki
untidy	untidy
untie	khulula
untimely	ngokungapheli
untitled	okungenasisekelo
untold	okungaziwa
untouchable	untouchable
untouched	ayitholakalanga
untoward	untoward
untraceable	ezingenakuqhathaniswa
untrained	engaqeqeshiwe
untranslated	ingaguquguquki
untroubled	engapheli
untrue	okungamanga
untrustworthy	ukungathembeki
unturned	ivuliwe
unused	engasetshenzisiwe
unusual	okungavamile
unusually	okungavamile
unutterable	angenakuguquleka
unveil	vula
unveiling	ukuvula
unverified	engaqinisekisiwe
unwanted	okungafunwa
unwarranted	akuvumelekile
unwary	engaphephile
unwashed	engahlanjululwa
unwavering	engaguquki
unwed	unwed
unwelcome	engamukeleki
unwell	vula
unwilling	engafuni
unwillingly	ngokungaqiniseki
unwillingness	ukungathandi
unwind	unwind
unwise	akuhlakaniphile
unwitting	ukungazi
unwittingly	ngokungazi
unworthy	akufanelekile
unwrap	ungaxhunyiwe
unwritten	engabhalwanga
unyielding	unyielding
unzip	vula
upbeat	ukuphakama
upbringing	ukukhuliswa
upcoming	okuzayo
update	buyekeza
upgrade	phuthukisa
upheaval	upheaval
uphill	ukukhuphuka
uphold	uphakamisa
upholstery	upholstery
upkeep	ukugcinwa
upland	upland
uplands	iziqhingi
uplift	ukuphakamisa
uplifting	ukuphakamisa
uplink	uplink
upload	ukulayisha
upper	phezulu
uppercut	uppercut
uppity	uppity
upright	uqotho
uprising	ukuvukela
uproar	ukuxokozela
upscale	upscale
upset	dumela
upshot	upshot
upstairs	phezulu
upstanding	upstanding
upstart	upstart
uptight	ukuphakamisa
upward	phezulu
upwards	phezulu
uranium	i-uranium
urban	edolobheni
urchin	urchin
urge	khuthaza
urgency	ukuphuthuma
urgent	okuphuthumayo
urinal	ukuvuthwa
urinalysis	ukuguqulwa komzimba
urinate	phutha
urination	ukuchama
urine	umchamo
urn	u-urn
usable	isetshenziswe
usage	ukusetshenziswa
use	sebenzisa
used	esetshenzisiwe
useful	ewusizo
usefully	ngempumelelo
usefulness	usizo
useless	akusizi ngalutho
user	umsebenzisi
usher	sebenzisa
usual	evamile
usurp	usurp
usurped	usurped
usury	inzuzo
utensil	izinto
uterus	isibeletho
utilitarian	u-utilitarian
utility	insiza
utilization	ukusetshenziswa
utilize	sebenzisa
utmost	konke okusemandleni
utopian	i-utopian
utter	ukukhuluma
utterance	ukukhuluma
utterly	ngokuphelele
vacancy	isikhala
vacant	okungahlali
vacate	shiya
vacation	ukuvakasha
vaccination	ukugoma
vaccine	ukugoma
vacuolar	vacuolar
vacuole	vacuole
vacuous	evulekile
vacuum	i-vacuum
vagabond	i-vagabond
vagina	ubulili
vaginal	ubulili
vagrancy	i-vagrancy
vagrant	i-vagrant
vague	akucacile
vagueness	ukungafani
vainly	ngeze
valance	ukuzithoba
vale	i-vale
valedictorian	valedictorian
valentine	valentine
valet	i-valet
valiant	onamandla
valid	iyasebenza
validate	qinisekisa
validation	ukuqinisekiswa
validity	ukufaneleka
valium	i-valium
valley	isigodi
valor	NO TRANSLATION
valuable	okubalulekile
valuables	izinto eziyigugu
valuation	ukulinganisa
value	inani
valve	i-valve
vamoose	NO TRANSLATION
vamp	i-vamp
vampire	i-vampire
van	NO TRANSLATION
vandal	i-vandal
vandalism	ukuchithwa kwempahla
vane	vane
vanguard	i-mailard
vanilla	i-vanilla
vanish	phuma
vanished	yaphela
vanishing	ukuphela
vanity	ize
vanquish	unqotshwe
vanquished	wanqotshwa
vanquishing	ukunqoba
vantage	i-vantage
vapor	umswakama
vara	NO TRANSLATION
variable	okuguquguqukayo
variance	ukuhluka
variation	ukuhluka
variations	ukuhluka
varicella	i-varicella
varicose	i-varicose
varied	zihlukahlukene
variegated	i-variegated
variety	ezihlukahlukene
various	ezihlukahlukene
varmint	varmint
varnish	i-varnish
varsity	i-varsity
vary	ziyahlukahluka
varying	ziyahlukahluka
vascular	ama-vascular
vase	i-vase
vasectomy	vasectomy
vassal	i-vassal
vast	omkhulu
vat	vat
vaudeville	i-vaudeville
vault	i-vault
vaulted	bahamba
vaulting	ukuhamba
veal	inkonyana edliwayo
vector	vector
veer	vala
vega	i-vega
vegan	i-vegan
vegetable	imifino
vegetarian	imifino
vegetarianism	imifino
vegetation	izitshalo
vegetative	vegetative
veggie	i-veggie
vehement	i-vehement
vehicle	imoto
veil	iveli
veiled	zimboziwe
vein	i-vein
veined	zihlanjululwe
vellum	i-vellum
velocity	velocity
velour	velor
velvet	i-velvet
velvety	velvety
vena	vena
vendetta	i-vendetta
vending	vending
vendor	umthengisi
veneer	i-veneer
venerable	inhlonipho
veneration	ukuhlonishwa
venereal	venereal
venetian	i-venetian
vengeance	impindiselo
vengeful	vengezela
venison	inyamazane
venom	i-venom
venomous	ibuhlungu
venous	i-venous
vent	vula
ventilation	ukuphuza umoya
ventilator	umoya
venting	ukuphuma
ventricle	i-ventricle
ventricular	i-ventricular
ventriloquist	i-ventriloquist
venture	ukuqala
venue	indawo
veracity	ubuqotho
veranda	i-veranda
verb	isenzo
verbal	amazwi
verbatim	NO TRANSLATION
verbiage	verbiage
verbose	i-verbose
verbosity	ukuzithoba
verdant	i-verdant
verdict	isigwebo
verge	i-verge
verification	ukuqinisekiswa
verified	iqinisekisiwe
verify	qinisekisa
verily	ngokuqinisekile
veritable	okulungile
vermin	i-vermin
vermouth	vermouth
vernacular	isiNgisi
vernal	i-vernal
veronica	i-veronica
versatile	ehlukahlukene
versatility	ukuzenzekelayo
verse	ivesi
version	version
versus	ngokuhambisana
vert	u-green
vertebra	i-vertebra
vertebral	i-vertebral
vertex	i-vertex
vertical	ngokuqondile
vertically	ngokuqondile
vertigo	i-vertigo
verve	i-verve
very negative	kubi kakhulu
very positive	kuhle kakhulu
veryangry	NO TRANSLATION
vesicle	i-vesicle
vesicular	vesicular
vessel	isitsha
vest	i-vest
vested	okunikeziwe
vestibule	indawo
vestige	isitifiketi
vet	i-vet
veteran	umdala
veterinarian	udokotela wezilwane
veterinary	imfuyo yezilwane
veto	veto
vexed	ukukhathazeka
viability	ukuphila
viable	kusebenza
viaduct	viaduct
vial	i-vial
vibe	vibe
vibes	idlidliza
vibrant	ivuselelekile
vibrate	dlidliza
vibration	ukudlidliza
vibrator	isidlidliza
vibratory	isidlidliza
vicar	umncintiswano
vicarious	i-vicarious
vice	i-vice
viceroy	i-viceroy
vicinity	eduze
vicious	ezinonya
victim	isisulu
victimized	bahlushwa
victor	umqobi
victoria	i-victoria
victorious	ukunqoba
victory	ukunqoba
video	ividiyo
video game	umdlalo we video
videotape	ividiyo yevidiyo
vie	NO TRANSLATION
view	buka
viewer	umbukeli
viewing	ukubuka
viewpoint	umbono
vigil	qaphelani
vigilance	ukuqapha
vigilant	uqaphele
vigilante	i-vigilante
vignette	i-vignette
vigor	amandla
vigorous	unamandla
viking	i-viking
vile	okubi
villa	villa
village	umzana
villager	umuzi wendawo
villain	i-villain
villainous	i-villainous
vinaigrette	vinaigrette
vindicate	vindicate
vindicated	iqinisekiswe
vindication	ukuqinisekiswa
vindictive	vindictive
vine	umvini
vinegar	uviniga
vineyard	isivini
vintage	ukuvuna
vinyl	i-vinyl
viola	viola
violate	iphula
violation	ukwephulwa
violence	ubudlova
violent	enobudlova
violently	ngokweqile
violet	violet
violin	i-violin
violinist	i-violinist
viper	izinyoka
viral	i-viral
virgin	intombi
virginal	virginal
virginity	ubuntombi
virility	ubuningi
virology	i-virology
virtual	virtual
virtually	cishe
virtue	ubuhle
virtuoso	i-virtuoso
virtuous	ubuhle
virulence	ukuvuthwa
virus	igciwane
visa	i-visa
visage	NO TRANSLATION
viscosity	i-viscosity
viscous	i-viscous
vise	NO TRANSLATION
visibility	ukubonakala
visible	kubonakala
visibly	kubonakale
vision	umbono
visionary	obonwayo
visit	vakashela
visitation	ukuvakashelwa
visiting	ukuvakashela
visitor	isivakashi
visor	i-visor
vista	i-vista
visual	okubukwayo
visualize	ngeso lengqondo
vital	kubalulekile
vitality	ubungqabavu
vitals	amagugu
vitamin	i-vitamin
vitreous	i-vitreous
viva	viva
vivacious	i-vivacious
vivid	ngokucacile
vixen	i-vixen
vocabulary	silulumagama
vocal	izwi
vocalist	u-vocalist
vocation	umsebenzi
vodka	i-vodka
vogue	vogue
voice	izwi
voiceless	engabonakali
voicemail	i-voicemail
void	ayikho
volatile	ihlukumezekile
volatility	ukungazami
volcanic	i-volcanic
volcano	i-volcano
volition	ukuzithandela
volley	i-volley
volleyball	i-volleyball
voltage	i-voltage
voltmeter	i-voltmeter
volume	ivolumu
volumes	imiqulu
voluminous	i-voluminous
voluntarily	ngokuzithandela
voluntary	ngokuzithandela
volunteer	ivolontiya
volunteering	ukuzithandela
volunteers	izisebenzi zokuzithandela
voluptuous	i-voluptuous
vomit	hlamba
vomiting	ukuhlanza
voodoo	i-voodoo
voracious	ibuhlungu
vortex	i-vortex
vote	uvote
voter	umvoti
voting	ukuvota
votive	i-votive
vouch	vumela
voucher	i-voucher
vow	isifungo
vowel	i-vowel
voyage	ukuhamba
voyager	ukuhamba
voyeur	voyeur
vulgar	i-vulgar
vulgarity	inhlamba
vulnerability	ubungozi
vulnerable	engozini
vulture	i-vulture
wacko	wacko
wacky	wacky
wad	wad
waddle	waddle
wade	i-wade
wafer	okuphephile
waffle	i-waffle
wag	wag
wage	umholo
wager	wager
wages	umholo
wagon	inqola
wail	khala
waist	isikhumba
waistcoat	i-waistcoat
waistline	i-waistline
wait	linda
waiter	Weta
waiting	elinde
waitinggame	NO TRANSLATION
waitress	umlindi
waive	beka
waiver	ukuyeka
wake	vuka
walk	hamba
walker	walker
walking	ukuhamba
walkout	Phuma
wall	udonga
wallaby	u-wallaby
wallet	isikhwama
wallflower	i-wallflower
wallop	i-wallop
wallow	ukugoqa
wallpaper	iphepha lodonga
walnut	isikhunta
walrus	walrus
waltz	i-waltz
wan	NO TRANSLATION
wand	wand
wander	hamba
wanderer	umjikelezi
wandering	ukuzulazula
wane	ukuphela
waning	ukunciphisa
wanker	i-wanker
wannabe	wannabe
wannasleep	NO TRANSLATION
want	bafuna
wanting	befuna
wanton	i-wanton
war	impi
warbler	i-warbler
warcrimes	NO TRANSLATION
ward	isigceme
warden	umphathi
wardrobe	ikhabethe
ware	ware
warehouse	igumbi
warfare	impi
warhead	i-warhead
warlike	impi
warlock	i-warlock
warlord	i-warlord
warm	efudumele
warming	ukushisa
warms	ibuhlungu
warmth	ukushisa
warn	uxwayisa
warned	waxwayiswa
warning	isixwayiso
warp	i-warp
warpath	i-warpath
warped	i-warped
warrant	i-warrant
warranted	kuqinisekisiwe
warrants	izimvume
warranty	iwaranti
warren	i-warren
warrior	impi
warship	ukulwa kwempi
wart	i-wart
wartime	isikhathi sempi
wary	qaphela
wash	hlamba
washed	wageza
washer	washer
washing	ukugeza
washout	ishout
washroom	ukugeza
wasp	isp
waste	imfucuza
wastebasket	i-wastebasketket
wasted	yachitha
wasteful	ukuchitha
wasteland	isteland
wasting	ukuchitha
watch	bukela
watchdog	i-watchdog
watcher	umlindi
watchful	uqaphele
watchman	NO TRANSLATION
watchout	Qaphela
watchtower	inqaba yokubuka
water	amanzi
water polo	amanzi polo
waterbed	ibhodlela lemanzi
watercourse	amanzi
watered	wanisela
waterfall	amanzi
waterfront	phambili
watering can	ukuphuza kungaba
watermelon	ikhabe
waterproof	ukungena kwamanzi
waterworks	amanzi
watery	amanzi
wave	umswakama
wavelength	ubude besikhathi eside
waver	ukuzulazula
wavering	ukuzamazama
waves	amagagasi
wavy	Wavy
wax	wax
waxed	waxhuma
waxy	i-waxy
way	indlela
ways	izindlela
wayward	uyahamba
weak	buthakathaka
weaken	buthaka
weakened	buthakathaka
weakling	buthaka
weakly	buthakathaka
weakness	ubuthakathaka
wealth	ingcebo
wealthy	ocebileyo
weapon	isikhali
weaponry	isikhali
wear	gqoka
wearer	ugqoke
wearily	uzame
weariness	ukuphazamiseka
wearing	egqoke
weary	ukhathele
weasel	weasel
weather	sezulu
weathered	behlangene
weatherman	Isimo sezulu
weatherproof	isimo sezulu
weave	ukuphakama
web	iwebhu
website	iwebhusayithi
wed	umshado
wedded	umshado
wedding	umshado
wedge	i-wedge
wedlock	umshado
wee	wee
weed	ukhula
weeding	weeding
weeds	ukhula
weedy	weedy
weeeee	NO TRANSLATION
week	isonto
weekday	ngesonto
weekend	ngempelasonto
weekly	masonto onke
weenie	weenie
weep	khala
weeping	ukukhala
weeping willow	i-willow yokukhala
weepy	bekhala
weigh	isisindo
weighing	isisindo
weight	isisindo
weightless	okungenamsebenzi
weightloss	NO TRANSLATION
weights	izisindo
weighty	isisindo
weir	i-weir
weird	esineqhawe
weirdness	ubuqili
weirdo	weirdo
welcome	wamukelekile
welcomed	wamukelwa
welcoming	ukwamukela
weld	i-weld
welder	welder
welding	welding
welfare	inhlalakahle
wellhead	ikhanda
wellness	kahle
welsh	welsh
welt	NO TRANSLATION
wen	NO TRANSLATION
wench	wench
werewolf	bewolf
west	entshonalanga
westbound	westbound
western	entshonalanga
wet	limanzi
wetback	i-wetback
whack	whack
whale	i-whale
whaling	i-whaling
wham	wham
whammy	whammy
wharf	i-wharf
whatdoido	NO TRANSLATION
whatif	Kuthiwani uma
whatmakesmesmile	NO TRANSLATION
whatnot	whatnot
whatsoever	noma yini
whatsthepoint	NO TRANSLATION
wheat	ukolweni
wheel	isondo
wheel barrow	NO TRANSLATION
wheelbarrow	ibhulogi
wheelchair	isihlalo sabakhubazekile
wheels	amasondo
wheeze	wheeze
whelp	i-whelp
whereabouts	ukuphi
wherefore	ngakho-ke
wherewith	lapho
wherewithal	kuphi
whet	amasondo
whiff	isithungu
whilst	ngenkathi
whim	i-whim
whimper	i-whimper
whimsical	i-whimsical
whimsy	i-whimsy
whine	bhala
whiny	whiny
whip	isibhamu
whiplash	whiplash
whipped	ehlutshiwe
whirl	i-whirl
whirlpool	i-whirlpool
whirlwind	i-whirlwind
whisk	i-whisk
whisker	i-whisker
whiskers	izintshe
whiskey	i-whisky
whisky	i-whisky
whisper	ukuhlekisa
whispered	behlekisiwe
whistle	shaya
whit	mhlophe
white	ezimhlophe
whitefish	i-whitefish
whiteness	ubumhlophe
whitewash	umhlophe
whitish	kucwebezela
whittle	mhlophe
whiz	nge-whiz
whole	konke
wholesale	wholesale
wholesome	elihle
wholly	ngokuphelele
whoo	ngubani
whoop	i-whoop
whopper	u-whopper
whopping	ukuphosa
whore	isifebe
whorehouse	i-whorehouse
wick	i-wick
wicked	omubi
wickedness	ububi
wicker	i-wicker
wicket	i-wicket
wide	ububanzi
widely	kabanzi
widen	vula
widespread	isakazeke
widow	umfelokazi
widowed	umfelokazi
widower	umfelokazi
width	ububanzi
wield	sebenzisa
wiener	Wiener
wienie	NO TRANSLATION
wife	umfazi
wig	i-wig
wiggle	bhinqa
wight	isisindo
wiki	i-wiki
wild	zasendle
wildcat	i-wildcat
wildebeest	i-wildebeest
wilderness	ehlane
wildfire	umlilo wesango
wildlife	izilwane zasendle
will	ukuthanda
willful	ngokuzithandela
willies	ama-willies
willing	uzimisele
willingly	ngokuzithandela
willingness	ukuzimisela
willow	i-willow
willpower	amandla
wilt	wilt
wilted	wilted
wily	wily
wimp	wimp
wimpy	wimpy
win	win
wince	wince
winch	ukunqoba
wind	umoya
windbag	i-windbag
windfall	i-windfall
winding	ukuphefumula
windmill	umoya womoya
window	iwindi
windowsill	NO TRANSLATION
windpipe	i-windpipe
windshield	i-windshield
windy	emoyeni
wine	iwayini
wine cooler	iwayini elipholile
wing	iphiko
winged	iphiko
winger	i-winger
wingman	i-wingman
wink	wink
winner	onqobayo
winning	ukunqoba
winnings	ukunqoba
wino	NO TRANSLATION
winter	ebusika
winterbreak	NO TRANSLATION
wintertime	isikhathi sasebusika
wintery	ukunqoba
wintry	i-wintry
wipe	sula
wiper	umsizi
wire	ucingo
wired	wired
wireless	ezingenantambo
wiretap	i-wiretap
wiring	i-wiring
wis	ukuhlakanipha
wisdom	ukuhlakanipha
wise	ohlakaniphile
wish	ufisa
wishbone	wishbone
wishful	sifisa
wishing	befisa
wishmeluck	ngifisele inhlanhla
wisp	i-wisp
wistful	wistful
wit	wit
witch	witch
witchcraft	ubuqili
withal	ngokuqinisekile
withdraw	ukuhoxisa
withdrawal	ukuhoxiswa
withdrawals	ukuhoxiswa
withdrawn	ihoxisiwe
wither	ubune
withered	wome
withering	sishaya
withhold	unqabe
withholding	ukugodla
withstand	ukumelana
witless	ungenangqondo
witness	fakaza
wits	i-wits
witty	uhlakaniphile
wiz	wiz
wizard	idijithali
wobble	ugble
wobbly	ukuzulazula
woe	maye
woeful	oeful
woefully	maye
wok	ok
wokemeup	NO TRANSLATION
wolf	impisi
wolverine	wolverine
woman	owesifazane
womanhood	abesifazane
womanizer	womanizer
womanly	owesifazane
womb	isibeletho
wonder	isimanga
wonderful	amazing
wonderfully	ngokumangalisayo
wonderment	ukumangala
wondrous	amazing
wont	NO TRANSLATION
woo	woo
wood	izinkuni
woodcut	izinkuni
wooden	ukhuni
woodland	izinkuni
woodlands	izinkuni
woodpecker	i-woodpecker
woods	izinkuni
woodshed	izinkuni
woodsman	i-woodsman
woodwork	izinkuni
woody	oody
woof	uboshwe
woohoo	woohoo
wooing	beka
wool	uboya
woolen	uboya
woolly	woolly
woot	vula
woozy	woozy
wop	i-op
word	igama
wording	amagama
words	amagama
wordy	i-wordy
work	sebenzisa
workaholic	i-workaholic
workbook	ibhuku lokusebenzela
worker	isisebenzi
working	ukusebenza
workings	ukusebenza
workload	umthwalo wokusebenza
workman	umqashi
workmanship	ukusebenza
workout	Zivocavoce
workplace	indawo yokusebenzela
works	isebenza
workshop	workshop
workup	ukuphinda
world	umhlaba
worldly	emhlabeni
worldwide	emhlabeni jikelele
worm	imbungu
wormhole	i-wormhole
wormwood	umhlonyane
worn	sigqoke
worried	ukhathazekile
worries	izinkathazo
worry	sikhathazeke
worrying	ukukhathazeka
worse	kubi nakakhulu
worsening	kubika
worship	ukukhulekela
worshipful	ukukhulekela
worstfeeling	NO TRANSLATION
worth	kufanelekile
worthless	akukho lutho
worthwhile	kufanelekile
worthy	kufanelekile
wot	ok
would	kungaba
wound	inxeba
wounded	balimala
wounding	ukulimaza
wounds	amanxeba
wracking	ukugoqa
wrangler	wrangler
wrangling	ukugubha
wrap	ukugoqa
wrapper	i-wrapper
wrapping	ukugoqa
wrath	ulaka
wrathful	ulaka
wreak	i-wreak
wreath	i-wreath
wreck	kuphazamiseka
wreckage	i-wreckage
wrecked	iphihliwe
wrecker	i-wrecker
wrench	isikrini
wrenching	ukuphoqa
wrest	wrest
wrestle	ukulwa
wrestler	i-wrestler
wrestling	ukulwa
wretch	i-wretch
wretched	ukukhathazeka
wriggle	i-wriggle
wright	i-wright
wring	wring
wringer	i-wringer
wrinkle	wrinkle
wrinkled	wrinkled
wrist	isibindi
wristband	i-wristband
wristwatch	i-wristwatch
writ	abhale
write	bhala
writer	umlobi
writing	ukubhala
written	ebhaliwe
wrong	akulungile
wrongdoing	ukwenza okubi
wrongful	okungalungile
wrongly	ngokungalungile
wrought	wenziwe
wry	wry
xanax	xanax
xenophobia	ukucwaswa kwabantu
xerox	xerox
xmas	xmas
xoxo	xoxo
yaaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaaay	NO TRANSLATION
yaay	NO TRANSLATION
yacht	i-yacht
yachting	yachting
yahoo	yahoo
yak	yak
yam	i-yam
yank	yank
yap	NO TRANSLATION
yard	egcekeni
yarn	intambo
yaw	yaw
yawn	i-yawn
yawning	i-yawning
yay	yay
yayy	yayy
yayyy	yayyy
yayyyy	NO TRANSLATION
yea	yebo
yeahhh	yeahhh
yeahhhh	NO TRANSLATION
year	ngonyaka
yearbook	ibhuku lonyaka
yearling	unyaka wesine
yearly	ngonyaka
yearn	funa
yearning	ukulangazelela
years	iminyaka
yeast	imvubelo
yehey	NO TRANSLATION
yell	bhala
yeller	buyisa
yelling	ukukhala
yellow	ophuzi
yellows	ophuzi
yelp	yelp
yen	yen
yeoman	yeoman
yesss	ama-yesss
yessss	yessss
yesterday	izolo
yesteryear	esedlule
yew	yew
yey	NO TRANSLATION
yield	Veza
yielding	ukuvumela
yo-yo	NO TRANSLATION
yodel	i-yodel
yoga	i-yoga
yogi	yogi
yogurt	i-yogurt
yoke	ijoka
yolk	isikhupha
yon	NO TRANSLATION
yonder	ngaphesheya
young	osemncane
younger	mncane
youngster	osemncane
yousuck	uyadina
youth	ubusha
youthful	ubusha
yucky	yucky
yuletide	yuletide
yummy	yummy
yuppie	yuppie
zany	zany
zap	zap
zeal	intshiseko
zealot	intshisekelo
zealous	ngentshiseko
zebra	i-zebra
zen	zen
zenith	zenith
zephyr	zephyr
zeppelin	zeppelin
zest	zest
zesty	ubuqotho
zeta	zeta
zigzag	zigzag
zilch	zilch
zillion	zillion
zinc	i-zinc
zing	NO TRANSLATION
zip	zip
zipper	zipper
zippy	zippy
zit	NO TRANSLATION
zodiac	i-zodiac
zombie	zombie
zone	indawo
zoning	ukuklanywa
zoo	i-zoo
zoological	zoological
zoology	i-zoology
zoom	ukusondeza
zucchini	zucchini
